<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/23/2013,311,812,9,11,8>One star for our friendly waitress who was accommodating and sweet.One star for having a Yelp deal, allowing us to maintain the baller-on-a-budget lifestyle.One star for the entire list of "skinny" cocktails, esp. the peach margarita one--not sure how such a punch could be packed into 90 calories but I'm not questioning it either.One star for the extensive menu with almost too many options.One star for the outstanding sesame-teriyaki salmon that practically melted in my mouth and was perfectly medium-rare.After sampling the cuisine from Austin's Ale House at Queens Taste 2013, I was hoping to check the restaurant out sometime, but now that I've had a full dinner there, I can't wait to return.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,12/22/2013,142,211,4,12,6>Rajbhog is more than meets the eye. Sure it functions as a sweets shop, with its colorful array of Indian fudge-like barfis and funnel-cake-clone jalebis. For its sweets alone it merits 5 stars. (fair disclosure: Rajbhog provided the sweets for both my and my sister's Indian weddings; my bias here leans towards the positive side). But what most people don't realize is that it has a killer savory menu. The dosas hold their own to the Queens cult-hit Ganesh canteen in Flushing and Dosa Place around the corner in Jackson Heights. The chaat menu (sweet-sour Indian snacks) have won taste comparisons run by several notable blogs; highlighted selections being Rajbhog's version of dahi puri, a hollowed-out puffed cracker filled with delicious bits of black chickpeas, potato, tangy tamarind chutney and spicy cilantro chutney,  and samosa chaat, an open face fried samosa layered in rich sauces and crunchy add-ons. The super secret weapon, in my opinion, is Rajbhog's $4.99 lunch special. This meal gets the adventurous eater 2 vegetarian dishes of the day and rice or roti. The vegetarian dishes range from crowd pleasing classics, like slow cooked cauliflower (gobi) or spicy lentils (dal), to the more obscure and delicious regional dishes, such as fried rolls of taro leaves (patra) or lentil cakes soaked in yogurt (dahi vada). All of the dishes du jour are made on spot; super fresh and authentic.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/21/2013,315,402,3,7,5>Woah now, wait a minute: Mexican in LIC? They claim to be authentic? I nearly laughed my arse off. Challenge accepted; I just HAD to prove the reviews (and some friends) wrong. How did I plan to do this? By bringing in my experience with joints from Corona, bringing my restaurant-experienced family, and (my secret weapon) bringing along someone who was born and raised in Oaxaca.So.. how did Casa Enrique fair In case you missed the stars above, they definitely impressed. We had everything we could fit into our bellies off of the menu. Guacamole?  checkCeviche? double checkAlcohol? yesssssChiles Rellenos? (meh) check Lamb?  checkSkirt Steak? checkDessert? CHECK!Although some of the dishes were slightly on the salty side and some were better than others, we definitely enjoyed our experience here. Tips? Skip the Chiles Rellenos and go for the mole. Skip the flan and go for the Chocolate dessert.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,12/20/2013,18,57,7,7,7>I love Ornella! I've come here twice with my parents (they loved it) and have come a few times since with my boyfriend for Thursday $10 pasta night.Their bruschetta appetizer is awesome, it's really different from where I've had it elsewhere, almost with a bit of a peppery kick. I've had numerous pasta dishes at this place and the portions are large. I usually go for the marinara dishes (and their sauce is definitely on point), but I like that they have a lot of "different" items on their menu, such as gluten-free, vegetarian, and vegan options. Their penne alla vodka is particularly tasty. Whatever mozzarella they use on their dishes is delicious too. The owners obviously put a lot of care and time into this place as the menus are hand-written.They offer very reasonably priced carafes of their house wines (I believe 23 or 24 for a 1.5 liter carafe) so if you want to get your wine on you're all set. Save room for the ricotta cheesecake though...it's awesome!The waiters are always super friendly and give us heavy pours of wine. They also don't hover over your table either. Perfect service pretty much every time I've gone so far.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/19/2013,61,112,7,11,8>Being a resident of Bayside, Bell boulevard is always the spot to be so the fact that I hadn't tried Erawan before was baffling. My boyfriend and I decided to go on a date night here this weekend and I was excited since I really don't have Thai food all that often. We walked in and I immediately felt remorse for not making a reservation as I saw many tables with "reserved" signs on them. The girl was very friendly and asked if we had a reservation, I hesitantly said no expecting there to be a wait but thankfully, she pointed to two tables in the center of the restaurant with wicker dividers and told us we could sit at either. We chose a table and although we found it slightly uncomfortable that we were technically sitting at the same table as another couple with a see-through screen between us, it actually did help and we weren't phased by it after a little while. I ordered their seasonal wine from Spain (a red that was quite yummy) the bf got an imported beer which he enjoyed. Now on to the fun part--the food! For appetizers we ordered the Satay (chicken on a skewer with peanut sauce) which was delicious and the Thai spring rolls. I tried to savor every bite! The sweet sauce really added an amazing taste that just exploded with flavor. For the entree I got beef with pineapple, peppers, onions and cucumbers which was so savory and the pineapple added great taste. We also got a papya salad with chili pepper. Also very tasty.I wish we had some of the fried ice cream everyone talks about--but we'll just have to go back!My only complaints--the restaurant is very narrow with lots of tables crammed in so as people walked by we kept having to squish ourselves to the side--some re-arranging should really be done. Also, it's a tad bit pricey but manageable.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,12/18/2013,126,111,10,12,9>If anyone should know exactly who Sal, Kris, and Charlie are, it should probably  be me.  Full disclosure: I have no idea.  I grew up across the street from this deli (I could see it from my window, and probably not die if I had ever tried to jump from said window straight to the storefront), and never knew what a bad sandwich was for the first 12 years of my savory, sheltered life.This is where I learned to refer to my sandwich as a hero!  You have no idea how many people I've wanted to hit upside the head every time they asked, "Sub or hoagie?"  I have no idea what the hell either of those things are, and I refuse to eat them, or associate with you henceforth.  This is non-negotiable.*  Eat a hero from Sal, Kris, & Charlie's, and you'll agree, it's a coveted term only the best should be allowed to attain.  Yum yum yum.I had half a small hero for breakfast (pepper turkey, extra lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo), and even though yesterday's dreary skies left me bitter, today's rainy day is going to be amazing.  Did I ever mention I am a fat kid inside?  I was literally a fat kid all my childhood days, in huge part thanks to Sal, Kris, and Charlie.  Of course the heros were my first, only to date, and probably last at that rate, loves, but every measly quarter my chubby, grubby, elementary school fingers ever touched was spent here: on chips, cotton candy, rainbow popcorn, Sunny D, SO MANY Pixy Stix, those 25-cent brightly colored sugar water drinks (think liquid Pixy Stix; if you can tell me the name of this you get a hug!), and whatever else can and should cause terminal obesibetes/diabesity.Make sure you tell them what bread you want.  Their default is to reach for the roll as long as your arm, which is great, but sometimes not the sandwich you want to carry into work for lunch, because it is not lunch, it is all of your day's meals and then some.  But so tasty.  Mmm.The only thing that hurts my cholesterol-marbled heart is that this place closes at 8.  Please don't make me go to Subway.  Luckily, years of obsessive-compulsive tendencies and a refusal to settle for less than a heavenly sandwich in such close proximity to this deli means I forced myself to learn to make something halfway decent.  I appreciate that this deli has made me self-sufficient, but please consider staying open longer so I can be lazy and throw money at you in exchange for bread and meatstuffs.*Wikipedia's article title is "submarine sandwich," so it looks like I'm denouncing you, too, in favor of a physical (with pages!) bound set now.  Like I said, non-negotiable.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,12/17/2013,1195,408,10,12,10>Place is still as intimate as ever, with a nice selection of beers on tap. Candlelit tables (if you can get one) and a surprising amount of standing room.Eurotrash and Guidos (if that's your thing, ladies) do frequent this place in the summer quite often apparently.  More of a journal entry, my most recent foray into the establishment was as pleasant as ever on a service and value standpoint.  Be wary of the clientele that may frequent this joint however.While sitting at a table, my party and I were intruded on by some sun-burned meathead (and gang), who proceeded to sit at our table uninvited and began to hit on the girls I was with.  Maybe I'm just old-fashioned, but I thought it was completely out of form and just rude.A sour taste in my mouth for what was a fine night at a fine establishment.  Just wanted to give a word of warning to the good looking female yelpers out there.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2013,12/16/2013,87,122,11,20,16>In comparison to other gyms that I've been to, this one is alright.  A lot of cardio machines, some other weight machines (not many of those), and an ample weight training area (which I don't step into).  They have a small area between the weight machines and weight training area for like workouts, yeah gets a little too crowded for me to even want to work out there.  The studio they have is very small, but they offer numerous amount of classes.  One of them is bound to capture your interest.  Bathroom/locker room is pretty clean.  Everything is always in stock.  They could afford to get new towels though, I always end up getting some ripped up towels.  The steam room is always a delight after a workout.  Staff members are pretty cool. [Side note: Now what I DON'T appreciate: I was on a no commitment, month-to-month plan with the gym and I was paying by cash. After 2 months, I realized I had accumulated some school debts to pay off and decided to stop going to the gym.  Lord behold, I get a bill last week for the past 4 months that I have NOT been going...they said they've been calling me but hellooooo if I don't pick up the phone how about sending me a letter ASAP!? Ugh, anyways it was a reminder to READ the fine print, I had to pay off the past 4 months. Funny isn't it? I was trying to save money by leaving the gym and end up having to pay for it anyways.]Anyways now that I'm back for the month, I shall make usage of the cardio machines (as always) and that steam room!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,12/15/2013,226,636,6,14,9>I've only gotten into raw bar/steamers/lobster rolls/stuffies only about 4 years ago via my girlfriend and her family who are from New England. So when Off The Hook showed up in my Yelp feed, I was stoked; finally a spot in the hood to get raw oysters, steamers, lobster roll, etc. 4-5 visits in, my feelings are a bit mixed about Off The Hook. Yes, brilliant idea to finally have a raw bar in Astoria, great location too, but I feel like they still have some rough edges they can smooth out. Lets start with the positives:-super fresh raw oysters, little necks and shrimp - definitely make sure to get an order with your meal-a nice vibe, pleasant servers-the grilled oysters are flat out off the chain - another must try as well as the pollock bltNow while OTH will continue to receive my business just on the above alone, I think they need to keep the menu simple, with typical New England style raw bar classics. This leads me to their lobster roll. No need for a fancy bun, weird dressing, and all these other fixins they use. Use some fat ole chunks of claw meat/tail meat, light on the mayo and spices, on a lightly buttered hot dog style roll. I get people like being creative when it comes to lobster rolls, but the simpler the better in my book. The lobster meat should be the star, not the roll, mayo, spices, etc. And for $17 bucks!? As they say on ESPN - "C'mon mannnnnnnn!" The drink menu could use a revamp (not a big fan of their beer selection) and maybe throw in some other classic dishes like stuffed quahogs, fried spearing, etc. and this place would be so money I'd come in twice a week guarenteed. All in all, a great addition to the hood and must visit for any seafood fan.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,12/14/2013,474,53,10,11,10>Il Bambino is one of my favorite spots in all of Astoria. The amazing food, friendly service, and outdoor back garden earned my five stars! To start, I always order the chickpea panzanella. In fact, I often want to stop in and just get this salad to go because I love it so much! The portion is perfect to share as an appetizer with two or three people. The salad has a lemon-taste and is loaded with arugula, tomatoes, and crunchy pieces of bread. The fingerling potato salad is also a delicious appetizer option. The portion size is slightly smaller than the panzanella salad, but the rich truffle oil aioli taste packs a big punch! Il Bambino is known for their paninis and I completely understand why- they are all awesome! I have been satisfied with every sandwich I have tried. The smoked bacon is my favorite of the ones I have sampled thus far. The fried eggplant with hot sweet peppers, the sweet sausage with rosemary aioli, and the porchetta are also all quite tasty. I have not eaten any of the brunch paninis yet (served Friday, Saturday, and Sunday), but they are all very tempting! Il Bambino, thanks for being such an amazing dining destination in Astoria!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,5/4/2013,361,716,9,9,9>Albeit a little loud, a wonderful little wine bar with a fantastic selection of delicious wines and a snarky, but really fun, bartender that makes for a really cool low-key date spot.I found plenty of seating on a late Friday night and settled down with a wonderful glass of Cotes de Castillon. I hadn't heard of it before and asked the bartender what he thought of it.He looked at me and asked, "Do you like good wine?""Yes, of course.""Then you'll love this," he walked off muttering, "As if I would serve terrible wine."I loved his tongue-in-cheek act of being a snooty French bartender (he's really Romanian). I went to use the restroom and when I returned, I found a glass with a small pour of the mentioned wine in it. As I sipped it, he graciously asked what I thought of it. When I expressed my approval, he gave me a generous pour and explained the wine and its region to me. Come here if you have a sense of humor and want to get schooled (in wine).
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,5/3/2013,472,510,9,10,10>I've been here a handful of times, in fact, I paid a visit just yesterday afternoon to pick up some sweet treats with the bf.  I'm a bit confounded by the choice negative reviews of Sugar Rush.  I think we need to consider the proper context when thinking of the merits of this candy store.  First off, Forest Hills is a prime neighborhood and the retail stores in these neck of the woods certainly have a hefty rent to pay, I'm sure of this.  To claim that $10.99 per pound for their candy is exorbitant is probably a bit unfair.  Surely, it isn't the cheapest, but I don't know of any candy store within the area that is as charming and visually inviting as Sugar Rush.  If you want a Kit-Kat, go to Duane Reade and avoid this place, but if you want an experience and some well-curated candies, only then should you consider paying Sugar Rush a visit.  (The bottom line:  if one can afford to dine and/or live in Forest Hills, I think it's fair to say s/he has enough discretionary income to visit SR on an occasional basis.)What's great about this candy store, is the wide variety of sweets in their arsenal of goodies.  They have a ton of chocolate-covered treats (almonds, gummy bears, malt balls, etc)., along with popular hard candies and all the assortments you'd typically find in a movie theater.  The higher-end stuff can be found by the counter, and here you will discover chocolate truffles, chocolate-coated pretzels (the chocolate-peanut butter is delicious), and other such yummy bon-bons.  They also carry gourmet/artisanal chocolate candy bars that typically stock the shelves of boutique candy shops and higher end supermarkets.  There are even some vintage candies (think Sky Bar), and even some quirky candy items as well (my bf once gifted a candy-coated scorpion that he bought here).  From what I have experienced, Sugar Rush is a candy store that can please a wide array of sweet tooth palates.  As far as customer service goes, to-date, I've never once had a bad experience.  So, Sugar Rush, I'm still sweet on you.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/2/2013,168,160,18,9,11>I was planning on not liking the cupcakes here. I was planning on being satisfied with going to Martha's Country Bakery and paying $2 for a tasty red velvet. I was planning on writing a review expressing how overpriced it is, what? $3 for a cupcake... why would i do that?It really is my fault, i should never have even tried it... i should have just drove a couple of blocks down... but i heard that these cupcakes were really good... oh please how good can they be? how much better than Martha's can they be? Yes... 2 designer cupcakes later Martha's was forever ruined for me. Light and fluffy, tasty creamy. It didn't even bother me that i felt a little effeminate ordering cupcakes with names of designers. Yes these cupcakes were unnecessarily pretty. I was just going to devour them anyway... I found myself marveling at how nice they looked before wiping the drool off my chin. yeah i'll be back... cash in hand, i'll be the reluctant regular but know this... somewhere deep down i'll still be regretting the day i walked through the doors of your pretty little shop. in the mean time give me another Hermes.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/1/2013,118,139,8,10,10>Mezze Place excels in a cuisine category in which it is exceedingly difficult to stand out. It's the kind of place that makes you realize that all those other times you thought you were having a great meal, you were so naive.It's a gorgeous space, communal, you can see everyone else and overhear conversation even if you'd rather not but it's still romantic. Dark wood tables, beautiful lights. The drink menu is nice.  We were inspired to start with beer which I rarely do anymore and it was good. After I finished the beer, I declared my intention to switch to wine and the server reccomended a truly amazing Syrah that went wonderfully with the food.  At first, I didn't understand though why the alcohol selection wasn't more Mediterranean but now I think with the drinks its all about choosing without regional prejudice what goes best with the food on the menu.  They also serve a house tea I had with dessert that's fantastic. My sweetheart was in charge iof ordering and wanted the mixed starter plate, which turned out to be wise.  Like all great meals, the delights started visually - gorgeous presentation of main ingredients (hummus, eggplant, haloummi) with spices and oliv oil - everything colorful and shimmering (and matching the color wheel of the restaurant itself!) and the crisp flavors delivered on the promise of the aesthetics . The biggest revelation was the tahini served not as a condiment but as a side, an incredibly delicious and nuanced side prepared with parsley mint and cilantro.   The chick pea stew seemed wonderful at the time but updating my draft 2 weeks later I can't remember why. I'll have to go order again and update. I loved that the eggplant in the Lamb Sania was lightly cooked, defying my usual preference for mushy and that the lamb was hardly spiced at all, just really great ground lamb.  My sweetheart said "it's kind of dry" which is her word for "I can't justify not loving this but I don't." Still overall, we were thrilled with this place.We were full - really full - caught by surprise by the expanding bread we used in the mixed starter plate. No regrets but we tried to turn down dessert.  The server brought us rice pudding anyway - it's a place with that kind of graciousness - she knew it was wrong to miss that rice pudding - and we did find room for it - I didn't eat again until 24 hours later - I was that full - and also that aesthetically sated. I still remember the thrill of discovering "mediterannean cusine" almost 30 years ago as a college kid in upstate NY.  I thought I could subsist on smashed chickpea, smokey eggplant and strained yogurt for the rest of my lide. For better or worse, I almost got my wish.  Between my extended flirtation with and years of actual commitment to vegetarianism and veganism, and from time to time budget issues, I ate so much of the mediterannean staples I lost my passion for them - still ate them, still even craved them, but never excited about them.    Then Mezze Place reminded me of that first time....
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,4/30/2013,315,250,18,20,12>My wife told me one night lets go eat out. She said, "Henan" food. I said sure, "Hunan", NO, "Henan" with an "E". Never heard of this part of China before, so I said why not.The restaurant is located on the basement level. I must have walked right past this place several times, I never knew a  restaurant even existed here!Once you walk in you can visually see and smell that this is going to be something special! The staff here is friendly, but really don't speak a lick of English, even their "Ching-lish" Chinese and English combination was weak.Thank God I married my multilingual wife, she was able to explain all the dishes on the menu. They also posted a bulletin board with pictures of the various dishes they serve to help the non speaking Chinese patrons and the "ABC's" (American Born Chinese)After placing your order just find a seat and wait. When it's ready they will call you. After consuming your food , clean up after yourself and dump out the trash, stroll up to the counter and pay, sorry, no credit cards, CASH ONLY! Must try, Pork pancake! I don't know what "Henan magic" they do to this mince pork filling, but it is delicious!  The Big Tray of chicken is also a must have, swimming in a fiery concoction of spicy peppercorns and potatoes, hand pulled noodles are nestled nicely on top of this tray of chicken, can life get any better?We also tried the beef soup in vermicelli, delicate slices of beef in a light flavorful broth. I heard this place is famous for the lamb and dumplings. Too bad I only have one stomach, we'll save that for the next visit. Remember boys and girls, it's "Henan with and "E" not "U"
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,4/29/2013,287,270,9,12,10>I may or may not be biased because this little lover is located within walking distance of my apartment and is cheaper than any speakeasy-esque bar you will ever find in Manhattan. It may or may not also have something to do with the fact that this bar was chock-full of very good looking men (my boyfriend included, of course). But aside from those definite perks, Dutch Kills is just a real charmer. Owned by the same bloke who is responsible for Milk & Honey, Dutch Kills has the same attention to detail and variety, but is less expensive, less snooty (you can actually walk in and not be turned away for not having a reservation) and accepting of credit cards. The Don Lockwood was definitely my favorite cocktail; with bourbon, scotch, maple syrum and chocolate bitters it was both smooth and complex. I was also a huge fan of the menu itself, which showed the sources for all of their cocktail inspiration; much of the time the inspiration was a hundred-year old cocktail boook, which I obviously searched the heck out of on Ebay. The service was admittedly kind of slow, but given how packed they were I wasn't too upset about it. Our server was very attentive and knowledgable about the menu, providing suggestions based on our tastes. I will definitely be back for their $8 all-night specials on Mondays, and eventually might speak to them about moving a cot into their bar area.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,4/28/2013,101,229,10,12,13>The bottom line: this is a nice little out of the way spot in LIC with tasty food and a wide selection of beers for a reasonable price.  Cool place.  Definitely worth a try.I went here for a going away party for a good friend and the lot of us got assigned to a central table in the middle of the bar.  The space is pretty big with one big open area around the bar.  There were maybe 20 - 30 people who cycled in and out of the place over the course of the evening and it never felt too crowded in there.  Although they were serving a limited menu in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, they still managed to have some choice items:1.  Garlic Fries - Just enough garlic so that you knew they were garlic-y, but not so garlic-y that dudes from the government came with a van to abduct you and send you to a "re-education facility" to destroy the intense breath demons that entered through your mouth and burrowed into your brain.2.  Chicken Wings - Tender, loaded with sauce, and not too spicy.  However, they were not super flavorful other than the mild spiciness of the sauce.  I still enjoyed them, though.3.  Mussels - I didn't personally eat these since I'm allergic to shellfish.  But, lots of people ordered them (and the same people re-ordered them, which can only be a good sign).It's also pretty close to the Vernon / Jackson 7 train stop so it's convenient for popping in for a party.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/27/2013,65,193,5,8,7>This has become our new "go to" restaurant for Italian food. Personally my favorite Italian spot on Metropolitan Avenue and not the most expensive. They take great pride in their food and service, and I can really tell every time I dine here. One time we had to wait longer than usual for our entrees, so the owner apologized and gave us a free dessert. It happens, we weren't upset...but giving us dessert on the house really showed us that they know how to run a business and care about their customers. Our favorite appetizer on the menu is the polenta with cheese and imported speck. DELICIOUS. I have probably had about 3/4 of all the pastas on the menu (homemade) including having tried some of their wonderful specials. I was never disappointed. For dessert I highly recommend trying the panna cotta and apple tart. Cozy, comfortable and warm atmosphere with a friendly staff and wonderful food. Couldn't ask for more.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,4/26/2013,77,158,6,12,6>I was skeptical as I read the reviews here on how efficient it was to come here and get your social security business done but now I am a believer. They open at 7am and I got dropped off here right before 8am. You have to go through security and there was this guy who was making a big fuss about taking off his belt since he kept saying that he knew it wasn't going to set off the alarm. I went through security really quickly so I wouldn't have to deal with this agitated man on the elevator. One level up, down a few hallways, had my form filled out electronically and ready to go. Heard #37 called and looked down at my number (#38) and I was next. The whole process took at most 20 minutes or so. It was fast and easy as long as you had all your documentation with you. Of course the agitated man made another fuss about not accepting his birth certificate but there were enough guards around to feel safe. New card to come in the mail in 2 weeks. To make this as painless as possible, find the forms online, fill out electronically, print, bring all necessary documents with you and arrive early. All the guards and staff personnel were very friendly and helpful. It is not in the greatest neighborhood, a bit sketch, but once you're in the building, it's safe.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,4/25/2013,142,211,3,7,6>What do regional Chinese cuisine and Edison bulbs have in common? Not much, you may think, until you come to Biang!, Xian Famous Foods' new upscale dinette. The formula is quite simple. You take all of the authentic Chinese flavor of Xian Famous Foods and you serve it up in a slightly upscale modern setting (which these days means an ironic nod to the early 1900s - you know, the old timey flickering lightbulb, exposed brick, Williamsburg/LES tenement aesthetic). It sounds like it could be a sort of a half brained concept but Biang! does it really well. There are a few reasons you should give it a try. First, the majority of items on the menu are new to the Xian Famous Foods repertoire. Sure, you'll find the infamous liang pi cold skin noodles, which are mind blowing in their own right. But there is also a full-page section on chuan, or Chinese barbecue. How awesome is that! Put a bird on it - err I mean stick in it: lamb, beef stomach, tofu skin. The excitement just gets started there. Hot tofu in a bowl was one of my favorite dishes, due to its textural car-crash of pudding-like tofu, crisp cilantro, pickled vegetables and tangy soy-sauce and vinegar. Lamb dumplings taste like real lamb with a hint of cumin, while the grilled quail is served whole, with legs positioned in the air, covered in a simple salad of cilantro and vinegar. Regional nuances are played up big time at Biang! - much to the delight of the unaccustomed diner. I loved every bite. Second reason to go to Biang!: the place is nice - wooden seats, exposed brick, clean environs, high ceiling. You have to pinch yourself to remind you are not on Bedford Avenue but rather in Main Street Flushing. Third, the prices - my wife and I must have ordered 7 dishes (including desert) and couldn't have paid more than $20 a piece. Are these 1900s prices? Whatever, Biang! is an instant favorite.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,8/3/2012,141,211,11,10,7>Holy money shot!!!!  I want to grab a bottle of The Haab's chipotle sauce and squirt it all over the damn place.$9 TOTAL including tip and tax for a large plate of good food, a LARGE glass of freshly squeezed orange juice (That glass of OJ would be $6 by itself in the city.), and some bomb service like you were sitting at yo mama's table.Had the Huevos Tapatios...2 crunchy tostada shells, chorizo, fried eggs with a slight run to them, and home fries.  Don't forget to load up the thousand island colored sauce.  It's some kind of chipotle sauce and it's addicting.I need to figure out how to steal a bottle of their chipotle sauce.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,8/2/2012,132,271,8,9,7>Oh Yelp and your deals!!! Bought the $5 for $10 deal and it was well worth it! (Dine-in only).Had a mid-morning snack here and was sure pleased at what I got. As you walk in, you get this feeling of peace and serenity that your local coffeehouses would definitely NOT give you. The place is quaint and stocked will homemade baked cakes... Red Velvet Latte. Like velvet in your mouth... what makes it even better is the raspberry factor that makes it red... (Did you really think they'd add red food coloring or beet juice to their coffee like they do the cake?) It's balance of raspberry, espresso and mocha puts Starbucks to shame... TO SHAME I TELL YOU! (And I'm a fan of Starbucks!) What made it even better was the variety of milk they had... from whole to skim to soy... Not many mom and pops serve different milk options, so I was glad about that.Was able to have a taste of the Panorama Latte. Caramel, chocolate, espresso, milk. I'll let that speak for itself. Again... shame on Starbucks.A medium will cost you about $4, quite comparable to Starbucks, but add in the care and attention they put into each drink here... it's actually priceless.Only sadness is that there's only one Panorama! So while on the go in different cities and boroughs, I'll have my Starbucks, but will be thinking of you the whole time Panorama.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,8/1/2012,361,716,5,15,11>A true hidden gem as I have lived in Astoria for over three years, walked past this establishment on 31st Ave  countless times without ever suspecting that a restaurant was ensconced within the impenetrable stone walls. Indeed I, along with other Astorians, had assumed that this was some sort of government building. I mean, Casa Galicia has been here for years and as of now (3/26/12), it still has fewer 10 reviews. Unheard of in a neighborhood full of yuppie foodies and Yelpers!A friend from Spain who happens to be from the Galicia area took me here. I felt a bit sheepish as he had only recently arrived from Spain a few months ago knew about this. When I met up with him, I wondered why we were meeting at JJ's (in Astoria, everyone knows JJ's Sushi -- it's like our Cheers) when he had clearly stated that we were going for tapas. He motioned me up the stairs of Casa Galicia (and at this point I thought he clearly lost it because it looked like we going into a govt building), when through the doors, I hear a flood of Spanish and swarthy dark-haired people mingling, laughing, and eating in a large and overly bright room.I had entered the inner sanctums of the Galician community. The building is actually a govt building owned by Spain and functions as a community center for the Spanish ex-pats. Casa Galicia is not technically a restaurant; it's a social club. While the looks of the place would not impress, nonetheless, the jovial nature, good fresh seafood that exceptionally well-priced, and the authentic nature of Casa Galicia makes this a rare and wonderful find in Astoria. The restaurant looks like a large community hall that you would find in a church and similarly decorated with harsh white lighting, haphazard white linen tablecloths, and tables and chairs dotting the room. It's very much a family friendly place as evidenced by the traces of crayon on the tablecloths and walls. While this is not a place for romance, it is a great place for casual dining with friends. We ordered Spanish tortilla (omelet with potatoes), fried fish (They were like large sardines, except not sardines. Very traditional from the Galicia region), Pulpo a la Gallego (octopus! My favorite), a bottle of Galician white wine Ribiero, and finished off with tarta de Santiago, a traditional Galician almond cake. The portions are large, filling, and very cheap. Our bill with tax and tip came around $60 for all this. I very much recommend the pulpo if you love octopus. It was cooked perfectly (for I hate rubbery octopus). If you have a sweet tooth, the almond cake is a real treat. Light and sweet, it was a great ending to the meal.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/31/2012,142,211,6,9,10>What makes Lemon Ice King so good? I'll give you three reasons. First, history: this place has been around for over 60 years. It screams old school New York, and beckons a bygone era of when Corona was a thriving, no-nonsense, middle-class Italian American community. Second, they keep it simple. Single-faceted menu of Italian ices in over three dozen varieties. No mixing, no toppings, no other items; just Italian ice. I like that. Third, the texture. Lemon Ice King understands that a truly amazing Italian ice requires a smooth consistency -- so smooth that it is molecularly barely on the verge of going from solid ice granules to liquified slush. It's that precarious in-between state, short lived as it may be, that is the beauty and craftsmanship of Lemon Ice King. Add to that the subtle textural contribution of the flavor varietal (e.g., lemon has lemon seeds, coconut has coconut flecks, mint chocolate has mini chocolate chips) and you have a party in your cup, which incidentally will only set you back $1.50.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,7/29/2012,472,510,13,14,14>After a handful of futile attempts to try Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, it was great to finally have the chance to visit an alternative location in Douglaston, Queens.  In comparison, there's no wait time (at least when we went on a Saturday afternoon), and there is  ample parking within a shopping lot that houses a Fairway, Macy's, Toys R Us, and a Modell's Sporting Goods.  The storefront to this G's doesn't look all that enticing with it's huge tarp signage pointing to the pizzeria's entrance.  But without it, I can see how folks would not be able to locate the restaurant since it's view is slightly obstructed being on the lower level and right under the connecting parking lot bridge.  Better safe than sorry, so the saying goes (ergo, long live the unattractive Grimaldi's sign)!  We ordered the Grimaldi's House Salad with chicken, and really enjoyed this simple yet, very refreshing and crisp starter before moving onto a small sized pie with garlic and capers.  The pizza was absolutely delicious.  The crust was surprisingly thin yet, had some measure of softness to it.  It was perfectly sauced and the cheese was not overwhelming either.  The capers and garlic really added a bold and salty touch to an already excellent pizza.  To cap off our meal, we went with the spumoni for dessert.  You could tell the ice cream was fresh as it was creamy and full of flavor with that nice layer of pistachio.  Clearly it comes as no surprise why G's has garnered so much renown.  Not only is the pizza well-executed and simplistic, but the service was above par.  The young guys manning this location are really affable and competent.  Everything about my Grimaldi's experience was tops for me.  (Sidebar:  I couldn't help but compare this experience with my first time at the institution that is Di Fara's.  That was a bit of a hot mess).I'm excited for my next trip to G's, especially when the calzones looks pretty fantastic!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,7/28/2012,65,127,8,11,9>I didn't realize when I moved to Astoria, how well placed my apartment was to great food shopping.  I am super grateful after talking to a friend of mine that lives on Astoria Blvd.  She has to trek over to 30th Ave every time she shops.  Elliniki Agora is so convenient because it is close to several other shops and is open at any hour so you can do all of your food shopping at once or you can stop by every day for the best deal of the day.  If you do not see what you are looking for, ask - because they may have it in the back.  There just is not enough room to put everything out but that doesn't mean that they don't have it.I buy all my nuts, fruits and vegetables here and I have found their product to be consistently fresh and their prices to be lower than the supermarkets and their neighbor - United Bros.  They have a deal of the day cart with substantially reduced pricing out in the front filled with products that are ripe but these are usually still fresh as long as you consume them on the same day.The cash register is in the back of the store and Elliniki Agora is popular so there can often be a line but it moves super quick.  They don't take Amex but they do take debit/credit cards.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,7/27/2012,90,616,6,7,7>We all know how much I love roti and my doubles.  These are some of the most delicious creations known to us humans.  I trekked an hour from Midwood to have a real Trinidadian meal in Richmond Hill.  After conducting research of amazing places, thanks Yelp Talk! and other current yelpers in the five boroughs, I came to the conclusion that this place was getting rave reviews.  Yes, it is at least a ten block walk from the A train and yes there are long lines.  Generally, lengthy queues bode for a demand for the food.  Fortunately, I was able to ask this nice gentleman behind me, who helped decide in what drink to order.  There are many different drinks on the menu and the man on the line told me that he enjoys their homemade coconut juice, but alas I was too late.  Arriving at a late hour of 9:30 pm, this coveted beverage that they brew there was depleted.  All that was left was either the pouch or the canned version.**Note to self: Must come earlier to try such talked about drink.  Eyeing the sea moss and mauby, I figured that I needed to save something delicious for next time.  For $7.50, I had the delight of getting an Apple J(apple flavored soda), a potato roti, two orders of doubles.  The potato roti was $3.50 and the doubles were $1 each, and that results in the sparkling apple drink equating to $2.  Well, at least that is what is remaining.  Either way, any meal under $8 makes me smile.  The roti was thick, heavy, and filled with lentils.  I was happy to see In my opinion, the service was laid back, and being that I was not in a major rush.  I was able to wait my turn.  Perhaps, others found it to be rude, since there was a line and they were voraciously hungry.  I was fine, since I already had dinner and a coffee.  Not sure what others felt about customer service, but I found that the man behind the counter was very kind.  He was patient in asking me if I wanted roti with or without lentils(with lentils, I said) and also what kind of sauce on the doubles(I said kachuela and the tamarind, not the spicy--yes, I'm wimpy, I know).  I was happy that he inquired about my needs and also took care of them. He wrapped my roti separately to not get it soggy and also got me a huge dollop of chickpeas and all the sauces that I requested.  I do not know about you, but I say that is just thoughtful!Right now, I am at home enjoying my doubles and my potato roti in glee!  I do not mean to brag, but I rather review while the savory and spicy goodness fills my tummy.  Oh my eyes are big as quarters right now, since I await to have some of this tomorrow for lunch.  So excited!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,7/26/2012,237,200,4,6,5>YOU WON'T BE SORRY THAT YOU WENT TO PSARI!A friend of ours has been begging for us to check out Psari for several weeks and we finally gave in and went last night. We were promised that there would be fresh seafood and that's exactly what we got. We arrived for dinner at 7:30 pm and were brought to a lovely table outside. There was a cool breeze that cut the humidity that made dining alfresco so much more bearable. This is a big plus that the tree lined avenues of Astoria provide as an advantage over the smoggy sidewalks of Manhattan.BYOBs are always nice, but there is a lot to be said about a restaurants that offer a fully stocked bar and extensive, yet affordable wine list.We ordered a nice bottle of Pinot Grigio that did not break the bank and went well with the seafood bounty that would be our meal. For appetizers we started off with the Grilled Octopus and the Saganaki (Lightly Fried Kefalograviera Cheese). Unlike some of my former favorite places in the area, the Octopus was a generous portion while pleasantly priced at $15. Similarly, the Saganaki was a nice thick slice that had a thin layer of breading and could easily be cut by a fork and we broke it down further in smaller bite-size pieces. Both appetizers came pre-cut to make it easier for sharing among our dinner guests. Be careful not to fill up on their moist garlic bread! While it is indeed served hot, fresh, and flavorful, you want to be careful not to get too full as the best is yet to come.As we were eating our appetizers, the owner came by our table and asked how everything was thus far. We complimented him for serving such fresh and delicious food and told him that this was our first visit to his restaurant. He told us to enjoy our meal and then casually walked over to our waitress with special instructions. Our waitress darted into the kitchen and came back in a flash with a sample version of the Dip Combo with Pita. No Mediterranean meal is complete without meze and the owner wanted to be sure that we did not leave without tasting a little bit of each of the classic dips which he served daily.Tzatziki - Yogurt, Cucumber & Garlic DipTaramosalata - Caviar DipSkordalia - Potato & Garlic DipMelitzanosalata - Eggplant DipHands down, the Melitzanosalata was my favorite of the foursome. As I loaded up my pita point with yet another scoop, I noticed that there were several larger pieces of eggplant interspersed within the dip. It added a nice touch to the texture which would have otherwise become boring if it had been just a homogenous puree on a plate.Lucky for us that we did not go overboard in ordering our entrees as we could already feel ourselves getting full. For the main meal we had the Baby Lamb Chops and the Broiled Combo (Salmon, Flounder, Shrimp & Scallops prepared with garlic and butter). As our sides we had the lemon potatoes and greek potato chips. Normally I like my fish grilled which means that it is simply prepared with olive oil and fresh lemon juice. Having the broiled combo was a nice change of pace and had plenty of flavor from the garlic while the butter kept all the pieces moist without making them overly greasy. The lamb chops were cooked to my preference of medium rare while simultaneously charred to perfection and finished with squeezed fresh lemon. The lemon potatoes were soft to touch and melted in our mouths while the greek potato chips went well with whatever we had leftover from the dips. I'm glad that we paced ourselves with the provided pitas because the chips and dips were more pleasantly paired.We were absolutely stuffed and had no room for dessert, but knowing that I would be reviewing all parts of the meal I had intended on trying one of their greek selections. While it was nice to see after dinner drinks like Ouzo and Raki, it would have been nice to see traditional choices like baklava (a sweet pastry made of layers of filo pastry filled with chopped nuts and sweetened with syrup or honey) or galactoburico (semolina custard in a filo wrap with a honey drizzle). The choices that were listed seemed out of place and irrelevant as regular dessert choices for a greek restaurant.Overall our dining experience at Psari hit all the right notes. The food was among some of the best that we have had in Astoria or anywhere for that matter. Our waitress and the busser were available and attentive throughout our meal and never made us feel rushed while always clearing the table of our empty plates and refilling our water glasses without ever having to flag someone down. The owner was a gracious host and wanted to personally ensure that our first experience in his restaurant was memorable and that we would want to return in the near future. I can certainly say without reservation, that we will be making dinner reservations here again very soon.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,7/25/2012,10,24,5,6,4>5 stars means As Good as it Gets.  Believe me, this is difficult for me because I have somewhat of an attachment to Seva in Astoria.  As of today, Tawa Tandoor is on par with Seva for me.This is an Indian/Asian Fusion joint in Jackson Heights that opened up 7 months ago.  What differentiates this 'fusion' is that you won't get, let's say, a lamb vindaloo with thai chili paste or bamboo shoots in it.  The menu has several purely Indian dishes and apps and also several purely asion dishes and apps.  All I tried this time was Indian.They bravely chose to set up shop right across from Jackson Diner (which was my first taste of Indian--many moons ago).  The decor is sleek and minimal.  Crown Moldings hugging the roof.  Very clean inside.  Servers are extremely quick, dilligent and friendly.  Not unlike other Indian restaurants, they serve Buffet Lunch during certain early hours.  Nicole and I came for dinner.We had the Samosa (Of Course (Vegeterian.  Potato, Peas, Cashew Paste)) and the Aloo Tikki Chole (2 steamed then fried potato patties in a delicious tamarind yogurt chutney with chickpeas that was spicy and refreshing).We decided to split the Tandoor Mix Grill, which came out on a sizzling cast iron serving tray with the typical mix of fantastic red tandoor dark meat chicken, malai kabab, shrimp and seekh kabab.  The seekh kabab, which is spiced ground lamb, was seasoned so perfectly to my liking, that I have to say that it is better than Seva's.They are still awaiting their liquor license, but you can BYOB which is nice.  What gives this place 5 stars over the four I was going to give it (at least until going back for curry dishes, my true barometer) is the service.  During our dining experience, we were served by our waitress (Pema, who is great), two waiters for Water and Clearing our table settings, the floor manager who was interested in our feedback and asked if he can get anything fo us, and ultimately the Manager, Projwal Prahdan, who was authentically interested in our experience.  This place is clean and run well.  The food is priced fairly and the serving sizes are large.  The service is awesome.  Parking in Jackson Heights is a pain but it's worth the aggrivation to dine at Tawa Tandoor and then walk right past Jackson Diner to the Patel Brothers store to pick up some Garam Masala for your kitchen cabinet.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/24/2012,225,493,3,11,4>Not a true 5, but more of a 4.7.This is quite a small cozy place, that feels homey and romantic enhanced by the warm decor and dim lighting. Upbeat music is played at the perfect volume level.We arrived immediately following a table of 6 and behind us another party of 2 walked in.  We were seated immediately and started looking at our menus.  Our waiter came by with some water and some pita bread and olive tapenade (which was delish) and kindly let us know that he was the only one on tonight and that 3 tables just sat at the same time, so to forgive him if he was a little slow getting to us.  I thought that was a nice touch instead of just ignoring us.The reasons I think they fell just short of a full 5 stars:  My water glass had lipstick on it, which was replaced, once I pointed it out and one of our wine glasses was chipped.  The wine list itself is nothing special and doesn't compare to the level of the food, it was a bit disappointing.  Now enough with the not so good, let's move on the the great stuff!The menu is quite tantalizing, not overly large, but quite a nice variety to please anyone.Appetizers:  The Mussels, came out in a large bowl that was beyond capacity, it's a large portion.  They were excellent, tender and addictive. Swimming in a light tomato broth hinted with fennel was unbelievable, take the spoon they provide you with and use it to eat up the broth.  The Truffled Gnocchi were reminiscent of those I had in Bologna, Italy and were both light and decadent at the same time. They melted in your mouth and were topped with strips of prosciutto, mushrooms, peas and asparagus.  The veggies and prosciutto were slightly crisp and provided the perfect texture contrast to the gnocchi.  The meal was off to an excellent start.Entrees: Braised Short Rib served over a creamy polenta with caramelized brussel sprouts.  Incredibly tender, I never had to touch my knife.  The flavors went so well together and the brussel sprouts offered a tasty contrast to the richness of the meat and polenta.  What a wonderfully awesome dish.  The Chicken Under a Brick was cooked perfectly; moist chicken with a crispy skin.  Served with escarole and cannellini beans over a light sauce; the dish was well balanced and completely delicious.Dessert:  The espresso was bold and smooth and perfect.  I always love a good chocolate lava cake, but a Nutella lava cake, even better!  Served with a great  creamy vanilla ice cream and chopped hazelnuts it was completely decadent and amazing.  The chopped hazelnuts offered a nice textural element that you don't normally get with a lava cake.  Service:  Our waiter was very friendly and did an awesome job being the only guy there, no bus boy or any help at all.  Bravo to him!This is a true gem, that serves some extraordinary food.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/24/2013,36,186,5,5,7>This place is so cute! I'd heard some buzz that this place would be opening in Astoria soon, but wasn't sure where or when. Turns out its on the very street I live on! I passed it while walking to dinner on Broadway and was so impressed! At first I wasn't sure what it was...it kinda looks like someone's really awesome apartment on display. But then I saw the "Lockwood" sign and remembered hearing about a new store. The storefront is this huge open space that immediately draws you in. Its honestly just awesome to look at because its so bright and fun looking! But then its filled with the coolest stuff - furniture, clothes, gifts, bags, jewelry, home decor, toys, everything! And not your average run-of-the-mill stuff, either. They have one of the best selection of inventory I've ever seen! This place is absolutely perfect for furnishing your home or picking up a neat gift for someone special in your life. They also have items that pay homage to the New Yorker in you :)I believe they're still in the "soft opening" phase right now and will be fully open in September. Stop by! Its just a little ways around the corner off of Broadway - you will not be disappointed!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/23/2013,280,538,15,19,20>Working in Jamaica for two years, I've never realized there was a Guatemalan restaurant here by Hillside Avenue until this day. A friendly Latino restaurant, albeit a bit intimidating if you don't speak Spanish (yes, it's that local). Came in on a UYE by the lovely Maria, we ordered family style and the food was enough to last me through a hibernation. The Hilachas were unfortunately out, but we made do!- Chile Rellenos - stuffed peppers. As a pleasant surprise, it was not spicy, but deliciously savory.- Pupusas de Queso - Cheesy and yummy. Came with dipping sauce.- Tamales - good. I don't know why, but Latino tamales tastes better than the Chinese ones.- Yuca con Chicarron - Savory deep-fried pork fat with dried fried yuca. Delicious combo, though I worry about my cholesterol.- Caldo des Res - hands down the best Latino beef soup I've ever tasted. Perfectly salted, great with rice.- Mora - that's blackberry juice. Sooo good. Get it before they run out.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,10/22/2013,314,114,8,12,12>Despite my hatred for AYCE and buffet places, I LOVED River. Usually at an AYCE, I feel like I can never eat my money's worth and feel more miserable than satisfied after the meal. River has got the quality and price ratio down! Best sushi AYCE I've been to ever.My favorite part about this place is hands down the sashimi option. Most AYCE sushi places I've been to only offer nigiri and have stringent rules about eating all the rice, thus filling you up faster. River has a good variety of sashimi that you can eat as much as you want. Go crazy, put some double digits on that order form!I also loved the variety on the menu. When I got sick of eating raw fish, there were soo many delicious options of cooked appetizers to choose from. A lot of the dishes are good, but did not knock my socks off.For the price we paid (around $23 for dinner), this place is gold!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,10/21/2013,1007,752,12,16,17>Finally had Lebanese food for the first time and I must say it was really delightful. I consider Wafa's another gem in my neighborhood. The food tasted great and service was excellent.Appetizer - We ordered their appetizer special of the day which was some kind of rice, almost like risotto wrapped in a leaf. Very unique taste. At first, I didn't like it but after a few more, I was eating them as if I was popping pills. It has a really strange sour but yet a hint of bitter taste. It's difficult to describe. I don't think it's a dish for everyone but I certainly enjoyed it.2 orders of Spinach Pie (2 piece per order) - The pie was great. Good size and nicely made.Hummus - Awesome. Very smooth texture, love the garlic taste, and the pita bread was good too.Mousakaha - Another type of dip. Consist of eggplant, chickpeas and garlic sauteed in olive oil and pomegranate juice and also served with pita.SandwichesLamb Shawerma - Excellent. Perfect size, great ingredients, great taste.Kefta Kebab - This would be my choice next time. It's charcoal grilled ground beef and lamb, parsley, onions and spices. Served on pita with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini sauce. The meat was very tender and juicy. The Lamb Shawerma was good but I wasn't too crazy about the red wine, vinegar combination with the meat and pickle. I didn't hate it but after trying the Kefta Kebab, I prefer Kefta Kebab over the Lamb Shawerma, that's just my personal preference. Drink - They have a few decent beers. None of that beer pong lager stuff. But from my understanding, they use to have BYOB everyday, now it's only Wednesday. So I'm definitely coming here Wednesdays from now on. I ordered a Abita Light which came out to $6 bucks, I'd rather save money and get beer from the deli next door.Dessert - BAKLAVA! Sweet and Sticky!Service - Superb! Both waitress and waiter were extremely polite, they had great timing with the food, great recommendations, and they're just really sweet.Verdict - I'll be back! BYOB Wednesday, I'll see you in two more days!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,10/20/2013,29,86,2,8,7>Soy Bean Flower Chen is a small, nondescript take-out window located at the front of a flower shop. It is most definitely worth a try as I think they have some of the best soy-based products you can get in downtown Flushing.  It is my go-to place for douhua which is a kind of silken tofu pudding.You might have tried douhua in a number of different ways depending on what region of China the dish is from. In the northern regions of China, douhua is typically served with soy sauce. The Sichuan version of the dish is prepared with a variety of spicy accompaniements like chili oil and Sichuan peppers. Cantonese cuisine serves douhua as a dessert dish and is often served during dim sum as well. The silky smooth tofu is scooped into a bowl and topped with a sweet, ginger-flavored syrup. This is my favorite preparation and I always get a large container to bring home since it keeps well in the fridge for a few days.Tip: If you are a fan of soy milk, order the unsweetened version and ask for a side of the ginger-flavored syrup. Sweeten to taste!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,10/19/2013,41,89,6,7,6>Came here with a few friends after running in kissena park. We weren't dressed in dinner wear which stopped us from going to the hibatchi restaurant a couple stores down. Some of us had to stop and use the ATM at the local bodega cause this place is CASH ONLY. I was very pleasantly surprised by the ambiance of the place. Wasn't expecting anything fancy cause of the low prices, but this place was clean, had high ceilings, and felt modern. Normally, I wouldn't order any starters, but since the prices were so low, $6 for entrees, I figured I'd have to try some. I went with the deep fried string beans, which sounds strange, but they're sort of a "healthier" asian version of french fries. They're seasoned in a peppery power and dipped into a spicy sauce that makes them  addicting; definitely great for sharing. My friends went with the chicken sliders, which were a big hit, while the vegetable dumplings were a bust. They use the same sauce in the sliders as they do for the dipping sauce; beware lactards, there's definitely some dairy in it. To the entrees: I ordered the chicken curry, which was made with coconut milk, which came with a disproportional amount of rice. By the end of my meal I had a pile of white rice left at the bottom of my bowl. The curry was relatively tasty, although it could have used a bit more pizazz. Same could be said about the sautéed broad noodles with beef. In hindsight, this probably could have been fixed by just asking for some hot sauce. We were all very full and satisfied by the end of the meal, props to the yelp reviews which pointed us to the right direction.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/18/2013,30,160,3,6,4>For my birthday I wanted a quiet, intimate, low-key dinner. I yelped a lot of places and this place seemed to have amazing reviews. So I bit the bullet and bought the Yelp deal. It did not disappoint.  When we arrived there were only 2 tables of patrons. We were seated immediately (we had a reservation so make one!). Our waiter was very nice, explained the specials and let me know that it was ladies night and I would get a free glass of wine (Yah!). We started out with an appetizer that resembled an arepa with mozzarella cheese, arugula, and a lemon caper sauce. Oh my. It was delicious. The sauce really elevated the flavor of that dish. I had the chicken under a brick and hubby had the steak.  Amazing. I know your rolling your eyes over there, but seriously it was. Amazing. The flavor of my chicken was just right and the skin was so crispy and salty!! Argh, so good. The accompanying potatoes were just right.  Hubby's steak was steakhouse worthy. Super juicy, perfectly cooked and the right amount of sauce. He had spinach and potatoes on the side which were just as good.  I kept stealing little pieces of steak off his plate (hey it was my birthday). We tried to order grilled asparagus but they ran out.  When I checked in I got the free Lava cake as well. Because I had the Yelp deal, the ladies night freebie, and the free Yelp check-in the waiter let me know I had to use only one, which was fine with me. I used the Yelp deal and paid for the wine and cake. That cake was amazing and perfect ending to one of the most delicious meals I have ever had.  The service was fine, but there are only 2 waiters so they seem to go between all the tables. When we didn't get the asparagus one server went to check and then our original waiter let us know they ran out but he forgot to tell us.  No worries. Somehow we got a free glass of wine for all the little bit of wonky service which was okay with me. Overall it was a perfect birthday dinner and we plan on making this one of our go to spots.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/17/2013,593,1089,10,13,11>is Forest Hills becoming the new battleground for foreign imperial forces to divide and conquer? I'm not 100% sure, but it seems the culinary battleground is the latest arms race going here, with the Belgians entering the fray from their mobile attack fortress.parked in a strategic position on 71st Ave (virtually) every Sunday, the Wafels and Dinges truck is a great snack at any time of the day. I haven't tried their more decadent topping options, like chili, pulled pork, or bacon, but the baseline stuff like spekuloos, Nutella, and fresh fruit are all solid choices.service is always friendly and with a smile, and you usually get your order pretty quick. I highly suggest grabbing a wafel then walking a block to eat in Station Square (the courtyard for the LIRR). or stand there and demolish it in 23 seconds, which I am more inclined to do.it's fairly cheap, and it's a refreshing change of pace from the other dessert options in the immediate area.it's great to see Forest Hills' Sunday scene is really picking up, with the W&D truck and the highly popular farmers' market adding to the Austin Street dining/shopping scene. long live the (Belgian) king!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,10/16/2013,734,760,3,9,7>Pure Japanese in the Hills, that's the first thing you need to know. Though I don't like getting off at 75th Ave., I make the effort to skip Chinese supermarkets and go to a Japanese market instead. Prices usually steeper but I like being surrounded by a maze of Japanese items--it feels like a mini Tokyo. I love this mini market...it's kind of like Family Mart in Astoria but a little bigger with a wider range of snacks and seafood and vegetables.Lots of beauty and skincare products as well, for those who want to be Japanese-beautified--you know who you are. They have a lot of fresh produce, which I don't really see much in Japanese marts and onigiri, which is a little expensive than normal but you won't find it anywhere else in Forest Hills! The crab salad and shrimp tempura rolls are amazing. They run out of them really quick so grab them before late-noon.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/15/2013,393,406,7,5,8>Gantry Plaza was one of the things that sold me on moving to LIC. The view of the Manhattan waterfront is one of the best out there. There are multiple long piers with plenty of benches and place to spread out (and binoculars for a great view).I really wish the Long Island sign wasn't there. Now, I know it's historic and all that. And yes, this is all technically Long Island. But Western Queens is Long Island only insofar as Africa is an island.If you want to jog/bike, take a date here after dinner at one of the many restaurants nearby, or simply enjoy the beauty of NYC, Gantry Plaza is a great choice.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,1/13/2013,126,111,9,6,6>How do you feel about ducks?Cutest thing evarrr?  You'd best stop reading here, because the upcoming phrase "stuffed with gouda" won't refer you to a YouTube video of someone with fat fingers feeding a duckling tiny cubes of cheese.  And a "duck burger" isn't a mini-meal for your feathered friend.  By the way, before you think you've discovered an untapped niche for home videos on the Internet, take note that feeding a duck any cheese but cottage is a bad idea.  On the other hand, upon its untimely demise that chubby little thing might make for a good follow-up video in which it is prepared for cooking (you know, after all the plucking, deboning, grinding...etc.).So I think that last paragraph weeded out the people who wouldn't need to know this/any member of PETA:I'd had a couple of pineapple margaritas a while before I ate this marvelous gouda-stuffed duck burger, which is complemented with chipotle aioli and a slice of tomato and...one leaf of romaine (this is not enough lettuce in general, FYI), so I'll be back let you know how I feel about it with a BAC of 0.0%.  The meat itself was succulent, but I am not sure whether to attribute this to how well Sanford's chef can cook a burger, or how how tasty ducks can be.You get cracker baskets instead of bread baskets here, but the crackers are loaded with seeds.  Also if I can dip it in butter, I will probably eat it, and enjoy it.  I've often heard this place referred to as a diner, which I suppose is because it's open 24 hours?  It definitely looks and aspires to be (based on menu, drink selection, and bathroom design) more upscale than a more traditional greasy spoon.  The first time I went here was at 2 a.m. on Halloween this year - when Sandy had just ravaged this city and we were all stranded in our respective boroughs, so I can't attest to normal crowd level or service or plenty of other things.  We were served quickly, the place was half-full, and there was definitely a guy wearing skin-colored-assed chaps (fake chaps - all chaps by definition are ass-less) standing in my line of vision, which I don't think Sanford's would appreciate on any ordinary day.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,1/12/2013,53,16,6,9,6>I was wandering over to the new Subway shop on Bell Blvd and noticed that this place had opened. I was not enthusiastic after the huge "Bareburger" disappointment in the neighborhood, but friendly and eager staff coaxed me in and for that I am glad.In case you don't realize it, this place is a venture of the nearby family butcher shop that was there when I moved here almost 30 years ago, and it wasn't new then.  I've always liked the shop and had faith the new restaurant wouldn't disappoint.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, initially disappointed that the bacon and cheese were mixed in with the meat not sitting on top.  But once I bit in I was hooked, the flavor was wonderful, definitely something you would serve to guests visiting your home.  On top of that (literally) was their house-made barbecue sauce, which was tangy and sweet like the famous Peter Luger sauce, but with more tomato and BBQ flavor.  I was hooked.The beer-battered onion rings were hands-down the best in town, they were crispy and loaded with flavor.  The homemade cole-slaw was also a total winner, neither sweet nor drowning in mayonnaise. A healthy and delicious complement to a great meal.On top of that my total bill was $14, quite a bit less than recent expeditions to Bareburger and Donovan's.  I was very pleased and can see myself becoming a regular here.  The icing on the cake was the staff - friendly and personable without being "in your face".  If you are looking at this I suggest you try it for yourself.  I welcome this restaurant to the neighborhood, especially since their family has been part of "the scene" here for generations.  I maintain that Bayside is one of the most habitable parts of NYC if not the world, and one of the great pleasures is the array of shops, bars and restaurants.  This newest one is a delight, a jewel, and I look forward to returning again soon.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,1/11/2013,581,1004,21,26,25>After a mega long international flight my belly needed some good clean American noshes. The L sought out veggie places for morning eats and found this little gem not too far from JFK. Very low key and painted in a most placid shade of blue we took to our booth and gandered at their extensive menu. While the vegan choices were limited, with the guidance of one of the gentleman there, I quickly settled on a Tofini Pita crammed with the most colorful raw veggies, a treat for me after weeks of cooked food. Along with a very flavorful and equally bright carrot apple juice my innards were doing a happy dance at the fresh bounty set before me. I finished every bit! Smile ... Is a great option for veg friendly brekkies and lunch not only if making JFK a part of your itinerary but if you are in Jamaica, no mistaica! ;)))youtube.com/watch?v=HjaU
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/10/2013,364,373,14,15,14>Somewhere in the last few thousand years some one got the idea to put meat on a stick. Simple idea, maybe not as revolutionary as the plane, car or our handy smart-phone, but it serves the purpose to provide a quick simple meal.King Souvlaki of Astoria does just that, with their version at $2.75 a stick. This cart has a tasty option that is fast, cheap and tasty. You may say that all carts are created equal, but like BBQ they are not. These guys seem to have more of the charcoal flavor (which I love) and more crisp to the outside of their meat (no jokes please). Seasoning has all the traditional standards salt, pepper, but these guys add oregano. Maybe it was a mystery seasoning from the overhead train, don't know.What I do know is that King Souvlaki of Astoria has a good product that just satisfy my hunger pains and a quick fix of meat on a stick. Best way to enjoy, hot sauce, lemon, pepper; Outstanding...........
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/9/2013,287,270,8,11,7>Y'all know that I am a pizza fiend. And on this particular Saturday afternoon, with a group of 13 hungry drunkards in tow, I went hunting (on my cellular device) for a decent pizza place to satisfy our mutual pizza craving. Truthfully, Basil Brick Oven Pizza was the first and only place I called, for two reasons:1. First of all, the man who picked up had a beautiful Italian accent, and I decided right then that it is a natural law of the universe that if you have a freshly accented Italian answering the phone at your pizza place, then your pizza must be at the very LEAST quite decent.2. They automatically agreed to seat our party of 13 with less than 15 minutes notice. We headed over there immediately like a clumsy gaggle of pizza-hungry zombies, and were not only greeted by the same friendly Italian man that we had spoken to on the phone, but by a gorgeously-set window-side table near the entrance. He gave us some wonderful appetizer recommendations consisting of a lovely salad and antipasto, and we ended up sharing a few of their absolutely delicious pizza's. The crust was wonderfully flaky and thin, and the toppings were divine. The dessert pizza (nuttella and nuts), was astounding as well.This place would really rock for delivery, but I would make the trek for the wonderful ambience, fantastic service, and LOW price tag! Thirteen of us ate for under $100.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,1/8/2013,356,239,4,10,6>Cafe Henri is a Long Island City gem. I came here for brunch with a friend recovering from a long night out one grey sunday afternoonThe interior is bright and cheerful, a perfect spot for brunch on a depressing day. The Cafe has a geniune french feel to it, complete with french waitstaff. I loved all of the newspaper and magazine options to peruse while waiting for a table or enjoying a cafe au lait. Similar to a restaurant in france the food takes forever to come, but it's worth the wait. This isn't the type of cafe where you rush through a meal, its a place to linger and chat. Unlike France the wait staff was attentive and friendly. The eggs benedict is perfected here. It's a must try if you stop here for brunch. There was a wait for brunch, but it wasen't too bad, about 20 minutes at the most. I will definitely return.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/7/2013,286,298,16,21,18>I drag my feet when I walk. (I know. Sexy, right? Not.) And because of this, I wear down the heels of my shoes very easily. Add that to a short attention span for shoes and a penchant for shoe shopping and you can imagine the piles of shoes I have that need fixin'. Well that laziness bit me in the ass this weekend when I realized that *gasp* the shoes I was planning to wear with my Halloween costume that night were unwearable unless the heels were fixed. I did an emergency Yelp search and found Albert's. A phone call confirmed that they were open on a Saturday (most of the other shoe repair shops in Astoria are only open M-F) and I rushed over with my shoes.To fix both heels on a pair of ankle boots cost just $10, a total bargain considering all of the shoe repair shops near my office in Midtown charge $15+/pair. I was able to pick up my shoes just an hour after I dropped them off, and was happy to see that the heels were as good as new. Efficient good work, and inexpensive to boot (yay puns!)~ need I say more? Now I just need to gather up all of my broken babies and bring them to Albert's...*Cash only!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/6/2013,152,413,13,10,11>A cafe named after me??? Woohoo!Looks can be deceiving. From the outside, the cafe looks sad and lonely and the inside is still plain and nothing exciting... HOWEVER...THEY HAVE BACKYARD SEATING!The day before we ended up here, my friend and I have agreed that we dont like chicken unless its fried, but upon seeing the quite amazingly named Contraband Chicken - a chicken breast that is stuffed with pico de gallo and cheese, wrapped with bacon and doused with mole.But you know, we like contradicting ourselves. This is why we are friends.This Contraband Chicken is GINORMOUS, so dont be afraid to share and get something else that is small to fill you up. Im not sure if it is the dish we prepared or the kitchen itself but it took a while for the food to come and when we ordered a second round of mojitos, the second round wasnt as good as the first one.And that's why i docked off one star.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/5/2013,52,166,4,8,7>I have been going to this restaurant for years, almost every big family meal, tons of birthdays etc. Have seen it expand and move its location and everything in between.  Now have gone to multiple Pio Pios in the city which are equally as good. Their chicken is the best I've probably ever had. Never dry, really flavorful and juicy.  The green sauce is spicy and creamy and perfect on chicken and every single side dish they have.  Food comes out fast so I always like to stagger the order waiting till apps are finished to order the main course.  Best sides are the avocado salad and the rice and beans. My family is a big fan of the hot dogs and fries as well. For the desserts my old favorite was the tartufo, not sure if they still have that there but they also make a great flan, not too eggy or thick, perfect consistency. Don't forget the sangria-a little pricy but will do the trick and make for a very fun night!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/4/2013,11,19,5,7,5>I don't often seek out Greek, simply because I have so many Greek friends who only like to eat Greek it seems, and their momma's are always such exquisite cooks.  But this place is so darn delicious, I will travel to Queens any day to eat their food.  I liked it so much that the next time I have people coming to visit me, I will no doubt take them to Kyclades.What I love about this place is that they have a large seafood menu; in my experiences with greek restaurants it is always very meat heavy - obviously they always have the kalamari, but this joint have FISH, nice big juicy steaks/filets of fish.  In all honesty I would give this place 4.5 stars, but since you cannot give .5 points on Yelp and I'm an optimist I rounded up and gave them 5.  The one thing that I felt could of improved was the Kalamari appy which was flavourless - not salt, and the tomato sauce they give you to dip the kalamari in was extremely bland, also the tzatziki was lacking in flavour - could of been an off batch, but it should of been better.  Anyways don't let that set you off because their mains were delectable!!  I had the sword fish, which for $25 it was the biggest piece of fish I've ever been served in a restaurant; it was done up simply but with fish I find the simpler the better - grilled with olive oil, salt n pep, it was juicy and perfectly cooked.  The ladies I was with had the chicken skewers which were abundant and great and the lamb chops which were divine!  The choices of sides are great and plentiful.  The service is efficient and friendly and the ambiance is what you'd expect from the Greeks; loud and cozy.The value is superb; we had Kalamari, saganaki and greek salad for appies which were huge portions, then swordfish which came with rice, lemon potatoes (could be more lemony but still delicious), lamb chops with a side of garlic beets, and the massive chicken skewers with a side of potatoes, and to drink a beer and glass of wine... all of this for $113.  I also want to mention the COMPLIMENTARY olive bread which is to die for and desert which was a custard wrapped in phyllo covered in honey syrup and cinnamon that was so good I ate mine as if I hadn't just packed up half my sword fish because I was too full.  Just exquisite!OPA!!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/3/2013,65,129,5,8,6>What an awesome little spot! I must have walked right past the door twice. There IS a name on there...it just doesn't jump out at you.The cocktails are old-timey and mixed precisely by suspender-clad gentlemen with properly trimmed facial hair. It's dark and sexy in this spot. It doesn't look like much on the outside, but once you enter, it's like stepping into a Tardis and coming out into some other time. Some cocktails will run about $8, but most are $11 each. They don't hold back on the good stuff here, and the patrons SIP their drinks, not guzzle. They have a couple of beers available, but if you come all the way out to Jackson Ave to drink, might I suggest you try one of their specialty cocktails so you can get a good measure of the place?Food? Why, yes! Yes, they do. They have a small menu with sandwiches, side items, and a killer mac n cheese all for under $10. The side items hover around the $6 price point. Everything we ordered was great.I was skeptical leaving the city to come out to drink on Jackson Ave, next to a taxi depot, but Dutch Kills absolutely KILLED it. Now, I can't wait to head back there and try out a couple of other drinks. It's obvious they spent a lot of time researching what kind of bar they wanted to be, and their customers couldn't be happier with the result.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/2/2013,174,120,7,8,7>Best falafel of all time! Granted, I'd never tried this chickpea-ed godsend until 2 years ago, this has been the most unique and best tasting. They're like mozzarella sticks, but with chickpeas instead of cheese. They make and fry them right in front of you too! Also, if you wait in line for a while, they hand out a piece of falafel to you. The first time I went, I got the shawarma, which was just alright, it would have warranted 3 stars: was a bit dry and too salty for my taste. I recently discovered they are down the block from my gym, so things can get dangerous realllllly fast. For $4, that falafel sandwich is amazing! The rest of their prices are about $1 more than the rest of the halal trucks, but the portions are about equal, if not bigger, and the quality is top notch as far as halal trucks are concerned.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/1/2013,30,93,3,7,6>I went this restaurant with my husband for his birthday.We've been so curious about this restaurant cuz I really believed we don't really have a good enough Japanese restaurant in this neighborhood and that's why we choose to try this restaurant for his B'day.as they named themselves, the sushi we had was pretty amazing.all the fishes was fresh and taste good.We spoked with sushi chef and he told us that many of their fish they use is actually came from Japan. I know the some local(?) fishes from close to NY and from others is good as well.most important thing is the freshness but the taste of actual Japanese fish is true sushi for us.I also know that we can have a very very good sushi at the very very pricy restaurant in Manhattan but sushi isn't be only expensive food.I strongly believed the sushi should have a range and choices as a quality and price... than, I think they can serve great taste sushi as a price.and more surprised was the other menus are pretty amazing too!I really recommend to you to try "Tempura" and other fries.Oh, Maki sushi is good too!so I only wrote the good thing I experienced but I have to leave my note for my concerns as well...The wait person were all nice but I didn't think they know what they doing.survice was very slow and we've been seen one women walked in and left cuz she couldn't wait. it was very sad to see.but please don't get wrong! if you see them carefully, you can see they are trying!!I guess the system isn;t working well yet... I really hoping and wishing they'll improved their services very very soon. cuz the food is very very good!I do go back to this restaurant and try other menus soon:)
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/31/2013,186,102,7,13,10>This place really is pretty great. It's so close to my apartment, so how do I keep forgetting it's there!We went last night for a friend's birthday celebration. The staff had reserved the whole back section for our group, setting up chairs, plates, and silverware because another friend was bringing a cake. This was above and beyond because as far as I know, we didn't ask for them to set it up like this for us. The staff was fantastic. They came back to check on us often, and they let us all run our own separate tabs. They had a berry martini special running all night, and I'm sad to say that I didn't even try one. Everyone who did was raving about the cocktails. I stuck to beer. Thy list was small, but I found a couple of good ones. We've also been in here for brunch and for the happy hour. Their pizzas are the best!  I must remember to make my way here more often. It's close, the service has always been great, and the food is tasty!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/30/2013,121,143,7,12,10>Who doesn't love cheap eats? Mama's Empanadas definitely deliver a wide variety of empanadas (the sign outside advertises 50) and I have decided to make it my goal to try them all. Previously I've tried the Cheeseburger, the Polish, and Pepperoni Pizza. This visit I had: (and ranked in order of deliciousness)1- Chicken Parmigiana - still my favorite - reminded me of a hot pocket but better2- Hawaiian (pineapple/ham/cheese) - the pineapple is very sweet and it tasted good. 3- Cuban (ham/pork/cheese)4- Chicken (which had potatoes and peas in it) - my least favorite of the four. The woman behind the counter was really friendly, the food was delicious, and the fact that these are on average $1.50 each makes Mama's a great place to truly find a "value meal".
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,10/29/2013,126,237,3,7,6>After too many unfortunate experiences in overpriced-poor quality bagel stores in this area, I'm happy to have found this great eatery!1) There's parking.  A HUGE +++ for me because I can stop here on the way to work and not pay a stupid meter2) Fast, efficient service.  There's about 20 guys working here (ok maybe 10) who are friendly and quick.3) Great Bagels. Great bagel sandwiches.  Decent coffee.  I look forward to trying their various cream cheeses and lox.I appreciate that they're not trying to be 20 things at one time.  It's a great place to get breakfast, late brunch, sit a few minutes and be on your way!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,10/28/2013,93,365,4,11,6>After visiting Banter for brunch, I am more a fan of this pub than ever. Brunch is one of my favorite meals. That being said, brunch menus can become a bit redundant. For the most part, restaurants offer the same standard fare. Everybody expects pancakes, eggs benedict, french toast and assorted omelets. Banter offers all the old standbys we love with the addition of lots of items that are atypical. Depending on your mood, you can go the breakfast or lunch route: they offered a classic Irish breakfast, smoked salmon stuffed crepes, a crab cake entree and a shrimp and dill crossaint sandwich accompanied by sweet potato fries as well as many other deviations from a traditional brunch that were very much appreciated all with your typical brunch drinks for only $15.They accommodated my boyfriend's request for an eggs benedict substitution of lox over Canadian bacon. When it arrived, the portion was much more generous than what we've received in the area. The eggs were perfectly cooked, and runny and the home fries were well executed. These items are not fancy, but can often be done poorly, which was far from the case here.I opted for their house made corned beef hash, served over crispy fried potato skins and topped with two poached eggs. It was an Irish eggs benedict of sorts, especially when topped with the hollandaise sauce I requested on the side. And, it was phenomenal. Although I'm used to the canned variety of corned beef hash that my Mom used to serve up and is often offered at most places, it could not compare to the homemade variety and has now turned me into a corned beef snob. The side salad provided a nice contrast to the heaviness of the meal.Banter has solidified it's spot in my heart as both my neighborhood go-to bar, and brunch option of choice. I've never been disappointed, and am still being wow-ed with each new visit.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,10/27/2013,83,220,9,6,7>Perhaps, I was reconnecting with a homegirl over wine, talkin' about love, spirituality and the calm after the storm. And this joint made it feel zen. Sweet waitress, fast ass service, lightning bolt bartender....and it was chill and quiet (despite being busy) and lovely.Skatefish appetizer with avocado puree was delish, slightly battered and fried. It was a specialSwordish with purpleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee potatoes and crispy onion strings. Being a kid at heart and a chip lover, I think I decided to get this cuz of the onion strings. Kinda like a salt filling magnet, you know. Nonetheless, the fish was cooked perfectly. Silky and gulpy. don't listen to them wine buffs about white with fish. Malbec and fish is also just as marvelous. MmmHomegirl got duck breast. At the first bite, it unraveled me in regards to other finer establishments like Jean Georges which served an almond crusted duck breast and automatically, folks gon be like "oooooooooooo danggg" but it was so confusing in the mouth--too craycray of a fushion for me. Sorry Jean.  An entree like the duck breast. tasted simpler here at Locale and juicier. sometimes you just like shiz as simple as possible. dug this place a lot.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/26/2013,136,166,9,14,12>One of the best coffee store and only store in Sunnyside to buy coffee.  Every week when they roast their coffee beans you will know it  I live a couple of blocks away and when I wake up sometimes, and smell their coffee beans being roasted.... I am in heaven, what a way to wake up.  I would crave their coffee.  I am a coffee lover!!  Their iced coffee is amazingly delicious and strong.  Its better than any of the watered down coffee offered in Sunnyside's chain coffee places.  Their ice coffee is quite unique.  I always get their large ice coffee with 1/2 spoon of sugar and milk in the summer.  Their ice cubes are made of coffee, plus they pour cold coffee.  How much better can that be?  In the warmer weather I do buy their hot coffee.  They make a perfect cup of coffee every time.  They are always very consistent.  What really sucks is that they do not open early in the morning to accommodate morning commuters.  I can only get it after work.    If you want a coffee press or coffee pot go to Macy's or bed bath and beyond.  If you want great coffee come to Baruir's Coffee.  Their prices are very competitive which is reasonable to me.  I also buy their coffee beans from there and they grind it to the coffee machine that I am going to make it in.  I usually get their mixed blend. I have never had a bad batch.  Always on point.  They have the coffee beans pre-packaged ready to grind because they sell out pretty fast.  If you are a coffee lover this is the place to go.  Just the aroma when walking into their store is so deliciously inviting.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,10/25/2013,118,139,4,8,5>Second day in business and off to a great start. Simple but welcoming decor and warm and attentive staff.Tibetan side of the menu is somewhat limited but has everything you want most. I'd like to try the Indian side of the menu but not until a couple more visits for Tibetan.  It's nice to see the Himalayan/Nepalese scene spread out a little from Roosevelt Ave in the 70s even if it is just a couple of miles. We had the Chele Khatsa spicy fried beef tongue - cut really nice, spicey for sure but just enough restraint to let the tongue flavor shine.  The LaPhing (slippery mung bean noodles in a tangy spicy sauce with cilantro) was fantastic - I haven't been this excited about a side dish since discovering Liang Pi noodles at Xi'an famous. Tsak Sha La Kor Hot was a big hearty stew, rough cuts of beef and some fat floating around but it seemed appropriate, especially with the radish and "tibetan mountain herbs" to cut it. Thenthuk hand made noodle stew was even better, tons of fresh noodles, perfect consistency in a thick broth.  For some reason we also ordered beef in this one  - I guess we were in beefy moods but in retrospect it would be nice to know how they handle chicken  or veggie dishes.  We walked in at 6pm starving from a long day of outdoor work and a skipped lunch on my part and walked out a little more full than I meant to be with a huge breakfast and then some in leftovers for $18.75 plus tip.One of the owners came out to talk to us at the end of our meal - she really wanted to know how we liked it and we had a great conversation about Tibetan food and language.  Several staff joined in and it was a real privilege to get  a little acquainted with a crew so eager to create a positive dining experience. I am tempted to dole out 5 stars but my policy is to show a little restraint when it's a brand new place and I haven't really explored the menu.  After 2 or 3 visits I may well be upgrading to a 5 if they keep up the great work,
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,1/23/2014,33,72,6,12,8>I'm a huge fan of gastropubs. The hubby loves beer, I prefer cocktails and wine, and we both love food. So basically, gastropubs are one of the types of places we frequent. I'm so glad Oliver's has come to Astoria, because it's fantastic.We headed there on a weeknight. The ambiance is great; we felt like we were back in England, possibly London, in a posh but also very cozy pub. It's beautiful in here, but it still has the feel of a neighborhood joint. It's a nice mix.For a starter, we got the popped corn, which comes with smoked bacon and cheddar on it. It was so freaking good! This may be the perfect bar food. I could see myself ordering several these over the course of a night. Try the popped corn. It's delicious. We also split the skirt steak, which comes with fries, and two sides of mac and cheese and sour cream smashed potatoes. The steak was incredible. It comes in a red wine-peppercorn jus with gorgonzola butter. It just melted in my my mouth. The steak was tender, and the sauce and butter were the perfect complements. So yummy. I loved the mac and cheese; it was creamy and topped with breadcrumbs...mmm. The smashed potatoes were a bit of a letdown. The portion was surprisingly tiny when compared with the mac and cheese, and the taste was just okay. The staff is awesome. Like seriously fantastic, top-notch. Our server made me a delicious girly martini after I told her I was in the mood for some kind of fruity martini. After we finished our meal and moved to the bar for more drinks, the bartender made me another amazing martini that was chocolatey and coffeelike. These girls invented some incredible drinks on the spot; they have really good instincts for what liquors will make a great drink. I have full trust in the bartenders at Oliver's. Of course, they also have a great selection of beers, ciders, and wines. So yeah, I pretty much love Oliver's. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more on their menu. It's a wonderful spot for a nice chill night out.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/22/2014,54,130,9,16,14>It's about time I reviewed La Boulangerie, considering the amount of time I've spent there in the last year, the number of their croissants (and other delicious sweet things) I've consumed, the coffee I've drank (in varying forms from cold brew to latte to espresso) , and the genius writing I've accomplished while ensconced at one of their little tables (or in a corner of the large community table in the front).  Ok, the genius thing is debatable I suppose, but the amount of delicious pastry products I've eaten and the hours I've spent there definitely are not.  I love this place. I really do; if there's one place I prefer to hunker down with a croissant, baguette, salad, or sandwich and cup of coffee, this is it.  It's warm, cozy, the quality of their food is out of the this world, and it has free wi-fi.  And it's tucked away on an assuming street in Forest Hills, seemingly protected from the bustle of Austin street.  Seriously, everything they make is delicious. Their croissants are consistently en-pointe, their baguette is ridiculously good; I could just buy one and slowly (or not) nibble on it throughout the day. I won't detail every single foot item I've purchased, but the croissants and baguette are a daily occurrence, so I've got to mention those. But honorable mention to the ham and cheese croissant, the croque moisseiur sandwich, the tuna sandwich, the nicoise salad, and their chocolate brioche.  Not to mention the jars of honey and apricot and raspberry preserves they have stationed throughout the cafe for use however you should see fit. The only thing I didn't like from here was their vegetable soup, but it was more of a puree, so I just don't think it was my style.  Their chicken noodle soup, on the other hand, has cured many an ailment (from head cold to hangover).Plus the owner is usually around greeting folks and always asks how I'm doing, which is an added sweet touch.  The staff is friendly and consistent, and never makes me feel like I'm overstaying my welcome.Just a great, friendly, delicious bakery cafe - I hope it's around for many many years to come. When I finally finish my play and win a Tony, I'll be sure to give it props.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,1/21/2014,395,204,20,18,15>The name sounds like a racial epithet. I can't help but feel slightly uncomfortable every time I see their sign when walking by. I had to use their bathroom one time and I ended up buying two of their "Chinese burgers." This was after I already had a full meal. It's not really burgers the way you know burgers, not like Five Guys, not like Burger King, not like McDonalds, etc. I feel like a Chinese burger would be a hamburger bun with some General Tso Chicken in it or something. These are more like something else altogether, something that only bears a slight resemblance to a burger the way a sandwich is like a burger, with the bread and the meat, but isn't really a burger cause it's a sandwich. It uses a pita bread type bread, only slightly smaller, with meat that has a lot of cumin spice on it. Cumin on anything is just so delicious! They've got a lamb version of this Chinese burger, which was the one I ordered. It had lamb that's similar in quality (maybe worse) than the lamb they sell at those Chinese street carts with the meat skewers. Health-wise, it's probably the best. Price-wise, it's pretty cheap (IMHO). Taste-wise, it's pretty good. I would definitely go back for another, but it's only good if you buy one. Don't get two at a time, the way I did.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,1/20/2014,383,301,4,9,7>Saturday dinnertime review:Per tip that I received from the receptionist: it gets really busy at around 8:00 p.m. on Saturday evenings. I arrived at 7:30 p.m. and by 8 p.m., there was a huge crowd.Food: exceptional barbecue! Beef brisket, short rib (which was anything but short), leg of lamb, mashed potatoes, cole slaw, and baked beans were all very tasty. Alcoholic beverages - stick with the beers; I wouldn't recommend the cocktails.The culture of buying your food near the bar by the pound and sitting at a communal table takes some getting used to. So, do you tip the guys selling you food at the station at a 20% rate or not?Service: the food salespeople were friendly and recognized me as the guy who bought quite a bit of food (I bought for four people when most buy for themselves).There's live music and it's wonderful, but it's so loud that I could hardly hear myself think. This fact itself had to make it lose one star. Tip: if you're into more meat for the buck, it may make more sense to buy the brisket instead of the short rib because the bone weighs quite a bit.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,1/19/2014,522,450,7,10,7>I walked in two days ago without an appointment, with a dreadful non-salon haircut that I had been trying to fix with my own pair of scissors for weeks. Mazel said she'd take me right then, and got to work fixing the terrible, overgrown mess on my head.Mazel was extremely professional and nice, even when instructing me to never cut my hair again. (And I promise I won't). She listened to everything I wanted, and took her time shaping my hair and taking some of the bulk out.When she was finished, my hair looked awesome. It was exactly the cut I was looking for. In addition, it was much cheaper than I expected it to be. I'm definitely looking forward to coming back here, and am bummed that I will be moving out of the area.Cash only!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,1/18/2014,114,164,5,8,7>There are tons of Korean fried chicken establishments all over the city, but I figured any in Flushing are held to a higher standard.  Having said that, nothing really draws me to come here over any other, and being so far from public transpo, that makes it even less.  However, one night especially proved to be extra entertaining.Obviously you come for the chicken, which is cooked well and tastes very good.  Double fried with a touch of some sauce and flavor, each wing is succulent and leaves you craving for more.  The chicken apparently takes "time" to make, so orders of chicken should be placed first so they come out at the appropriate time.  There's nothing super special about the food that doesn't stand out on its own from other chicken places, so there is no need to explain in detail.The night started off with catching up with a friend who had been MIA due to kids and living in the boondocks of Flushing.  Upon ordering, we got the customary "the chicken takes a long time to cook" routine and went ahead and ordered 20, along with other side dishes for the 4 of us.  The place looked fairly busy for a week night.  The table next to us, a girl was on the phone, not visibly upset in the least.  Suddenly, she slams her mobile on the table, splitting the cover into large pieces and exhales "Oh my god."  I previously said the food isn't anything different, and I definitely wouldn't label it as orgasmic, so that was ruled out immediately.  Now looking upset, her friends pick up the pieces and begin the process of ushering her out.  Our group had paused momentarily because of the sudden noise next to us, but didn't pay too much attention as she had already drawn more than she wanted.  Her friend then told us "She's just upset, it's not you guys."  Who would even think anyone other than whoever was on the other side of that phone conversation were to blame for this situation?  That was just odd in and of itself.  We shrugged it off as our chicken had finally arrived.  For a second show, the waiter somehow spilled 2-3 chicken wings onto my friends lap and then onto the floor!  Profusely apologetic as my friend assured him it was ok.  Continuing to apologize, he then said he would replace the wings immediately.  5 minutes later, a small plate of 2 wings had arrived at our table.  But wait...I thought it would take "a long time" to cook the wings?  How could the process be so fast for these two?  Or could these two be the same two that were on the floor just 5 minutes ago?  So many plot twists even for M. Night.  Needless to say, no one touched them.As the night wore on, crowds and parties came and went.  The beer flowed, stories were told, and people were made fun of.  If only Mad for Chicken were mad for being closer to the subway.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,1/17/2014,90,616,7,15,8>After passing by numerous times while under construction, we knew we had to try this vegetarian Indian restaurant.  Right when you enter, there is a natural wooden theme with soft lighting and a friendly waitress to greet you.  We walked in to find an ambience that would fall into the category of a cross between first date and small family gathering type of vibe.  As we sat there, we saw couples, friends ordering delivery-to-go, and also some random pedestrians standing outside to see what the menu had to offer.  For an appetizer, we started off with the samosa which came with cilantro chutney and a sweet sauce(not sure what it was, but it was red and good.  :(  sorry!) After reading the entire menu, I decided on the Misal Pav which the restaurant did not have at the moment.  So then I ended up getting the Mumbai Pav Bhaji, and my hubby ordered the spinach dosa. Now, for those who are interested, yet are not sure what I'm referring to...Mumbai pav bhaji is a mix of vegetables cooked in tomato gravy and served with an Indian-style burger bun buttered and toasted to yumminess.   I would say that it was full of veggies and tasted really good.  This pav was accompanied by sides of fresh cilantro, cross sectionally cut green chilies, and red onion slices.  I really liked the presentation of the meal as well.  In perusing the menu, my husband saw that the upma, which is Cream of Wheat cooked with onions and Indian herbs, which sounded kind of awesome.  We shared his dosa which came with sides of sambar(tomato spicy soup), coconut chutney, and two other ones.  The consistency of the dosa was light and fluffy and absolutely delicious.  With minimal oil, it was just perfect.  Not burnt, not overdone.  It was made just right.  It also came with spinach that had some potatoes in it.  Before ordering, he asked us if we wanted it Masala style which included this potato filling.  I was pretty happy with our visit.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,1/16/2014,472,510,9,21,14>Tamashii Ramen, now open for less than one month has truly made a very impressive debut in Astoria.  We walked by one night and there weren't any seats available, so we bookmarked this place for another day.  I don't even live in the area, but en route to Costco, I noticed this very promising ramen house on the brink of opening and I had to check it out as a commitment to my love of ramen.The bf was nice enough to bring me here the other night after that initial failed attempt.  My first impression was excitement at the setup of the restaurant.  Plenty of tables and stools, and a ramen bar flanking the open kitchen where you can see the ramen-making process behind the plexiglass. The dark wood furniture, and sparse decor make for a very clean, and welcoming space.  Although you will find some posters of various menu items plastered on the wall.We started with an appetizer of "chicken karaage" (deep fried cubes of chicken), which was pretty tasty.  The chicken was not oily, which was a good thing, and the flavors were typical of a karaage preparation.  Though, I think it could have been maybe just a touch crispier.  This was accompanied by a side salad of mixed greens and ginger dressing.  We also ordered a side of "menma" (bamboo shoots), which adds a nice texture and soft crunch to any ramen dish.  There are many options for hot ramen, and two cold ramen dishes, which is what we went with.  Additionally, there are a number of donburi options, and a delightful surprise, various Tsuke-men (noodles in dipping sauce) options as well.  Our cold ramen dishes were refreshing and lite, perfect for summer weather.  It comes with 'chashu' (pork), and various topping such as seaweed, egg, and tomato.   Though I enjoyed the meal, I wasn't completely blown away as I think the flavors missed the potential to develop just a bit more in depth and richness.  (Though, I recognize I would possibly have had a different outcome if I went with a hot bowl of ramen rather than a cold ramen dish.)Prices are decent, and they do accept credit card.  Service is very attentive and friendly, our waiter was as nice as pie and checked in on us a handful of times during the meal.  Overall, for lack of any other ramen houses in the area, I'd say this is still a great addition to the Astoria food scene regardless, and I'd definitely come back again.  3.5 stars.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,1/15/2014,325,275,9,15,12>We're big fans of Saigon and come here pretty often for sit down and takeout.  Most nights, we'll be seated fairly quickly, but some Fridays & Saturdays, the place is packed!  Pho is the word!  On a cold day, there's nothing like a steaming bowl of the #1 Extra Large Beef Noodle, which is my go-to order.  Somebody explain why the translated name means "Special Train Locomotive" for whatever reason.  Guess it means this is the top, best or most ordered, which I can see because everybody gets it.  It comes with slices of beef round, brisket, omosa (tripe) & tendon.  Toss in some jalapeno slices, cilantro & bean sprouts and the flavors POP!A close second to the #1 would be the grilled pork chop noodle or over rice.  The marinated pork chop is sweet/savory and has the smokiness just off the grill, Yum!  Appetizers like Viet spring rolls & satay chicken skewers are mighty tasty.  Wrap then up in lettuce, dip them in the fish sauce or make your own hot pepper/hoisin sauce combinations.Once in a while, when we're not in the mood for hot soup like during the summer, we'll order dinner family style, like last night.  Many of the dishes are hybrid/fusion Vietnamese/Cantonese styles and flavors.  We ordered the grilled pork chops (a la carte), seafood & tofu casserole pot, flounder fillet with mixed vegetables, salt & pepper fried squid, stir fried baby chinese broccoli and the waiter recommended the ginger & scallion sauced yellow chicken. Most everything was good except that the chinese broccoli this time was too stringy.  Most times we get it, it's really good and not a lot of restaurants carry it as a regular menu item nor do it up right.Prices are really reasonable and you will get stuffed.  Parking in the rear makes it convenient, but lately has been getting crowded and harder to find a space because of the new businesses opening up.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,1/14/2014,665,302,11,17,14>Long Island City is definitely full of surprises. Heading out to Jackson Ave from where I live, you get a great view of the city with the Empire State Building on the horizon. It makes me want to rethink my long term goal of leaving NYC and settling somewhere outside the city limits. So I try not to fall in love over and over again.Manetta's is a small Italian place on Jackson Ave. As you come in, it will immediately give you that homey feeling. The waitstaff are friendly and courteous, always smiling and asking if there's anything else you may need. On point to refill your glass of water or ask if you need another glass of wine. Vongole Arreganato (Baked clams), Pizza Margherita and Salmone Al Forno. The clams came in with about 7 or 8 pieces. Baked with bread crumbs and cheese. Not too briny or salty. The tomato fresh mozzarella and basil in the Pizza was just right. $10 for 6 slices, not bad. I can easily slip into a food coma if I finished this pie all by myself lol. Salmon was brick oven roasted with herbs served over polenta, diced eggplant, zucchini and onions, $21. Huge portion, can definitely serve 2. Fish was seasoned well and was cooked perfectly. Polenta seemed lacking as the fish sits on it covering all of it. If you weren't aware that its served with polenta, you can finish the fish and the vegetables around it before realizing that it's there. And u do miss it, it wouldn't be a loss. It was bland and doesn't really compliment the fish or the vegetables.Ended my meal with their Molten Chocolate cake and Cappucino. For those who knows me, getting the chocolate cake dessert will not come as a surprise. The surprise would be if I do not get it for dessert. Warm chocolate cake with warm chocolate filling oozing out of it served with Cappucino with chocolate chip ice cream, whipped cream and strawberries. Heavenly. I'm not a big fan if strawberries and yet we finished the whole plate clean :). Will I come back again to this place? Most likely after I tried all the other restaurants LIC has to offer.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,9/14/2013,361,716,6,11,9>Beer and cheese on a Sunday afternoon.What else would you want? After a race, we relaxed with some well-deserved beer and a large cheese platter. We sat by the window, people-watched, and drank beer while eating cheese. I couldn't have asked for a better day.I ordered a passion fruit wheat beer (Bayou Teche Passionnee), which was a delicious light summery beer. I liked the selection of cheeses that they gave us (except for the smoked Stilton, which was too strong for us). They even sell bottled beer and cider that you can drink at the store for an addition $2 corking fee.The best part of Astoria Bier and Cheese was the wonderful selection of cheeses that you could buy by weight and all of the fantastic accoutrements, such as marcona almonds, ginger and clove syrup for cocktails, cheddar coins, various crisps, jams, fancy honey, etc. I was in love with the store.I walked passed this place for the past year without walking in. I should have walked in, rather than walk by. It's a fantastic date place. We'll definitely be back again soon.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,9/13/2013,472,510,9,12,9>What do you know about "SPAETZLE" aka German Pasta?  (yelp.com/biz_photos/mano)  It is freaking delicious!  Ah, a slice of Deutschland exists in Fo' Hills.  And, at Manor Oktoberfest, this is where I discovered SPAETZLE for the first time in my life.  (Now, why on earth did I not have any of this pasta goodness when I was actually in Germany?!! SMH).  Good thing this place exists for me to get my fix any time I sense a SPAETZLE withdrawal on the horizon.The food seems to be authentic and typical German cuisine.  I'm no aficionado but on the menu I did see a garden assortment of German sausages - bratwurst, knackwurst, and even Polish-style kielbasa.  The menu is not limited to sausage links, there are burgers, steaks, ribs, salads, of course German staples such as kassler, and everyone's favorite, wiener-schnitzel.  For appetizers, we had the "Reuben" Pierogies which was another awesome and ultimately delicious revelation, and beer-battered (I think) onion rings that were excellent as well.  Highly recommend both!  And my knackwurst meal was enjoyable, but not so memorable, nor as good as the appetizers or even the SPAETZLE (which was shockingly amazing).This is a great, casual restaurant-bar for groups and families.  The service is wonderful, and being tucked into a mostly residential area of Forest Hills, it's a local gem and certainly a place worthy of your time and tummy.Oh, and for the drinkers out there, they have a full bar, and tons of beers on tap, in bottle form, etc.  Can you get a DAS BOOT?  Yes, you can!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/12/2013,241,315,13,15,15>Banh Mi is a fusion of French baguette and condiments with Vietnamese spices and vegetables. Dump some protein on that piece then you have yourself a functional Banh Mi. Joju takes it a step further and fusion it again with other Asian influences like bulgogi beef and kakuni pork. I went for the kakuni pork belly. When two huge 6 inch monstrosities were placed in front of me I sheepishly asked "so which one is the pork belly?" "Both of them. We cut it in half." I knew then that running the three miles to get here would not prepare me for the heavy consumption ahead. The banh mi was as good as it sounded on paper. With a Yelp check in you can also add a free egg to your already stacked sandwich. I'll challenge Sally's review and say if anything, there was too much protein on my banh mi. Perhaps it was my extremely heavy kakuni pork belly (which was really, really, fat) doing all the magic in my stomach.In addition, a traditional banh mi actually doesn't have much protein at all. You want the crunch of the baguette and the vegetables to balance out the soft mayo rubbings and protein. JoJu could have been over-generous with my portion of kakuni. But of course, this stray-away was what made JoJu so interesting. Why would anyone preach traditionalism on a food that was founded on fusion principles? Not me :PPeople have raved about the banh mi fries and kimchi fries. What to get? Hmmm... porque no los dos? We had 2 servings of banh mi and a serving of kimchi. All three servings of fries were emptied out by 5 skinny and full Yelpers. Fries tasted double-fried and possibly over-fried as well. Just the way I like it. Serving size wasn't exactly big for the 4 dollar price tag, but it tasted good and unique enough to easily recommend to anyone. What really had me sold for the 5 star rating was the black sesame bubble tea. Shutup. Stop being a wussy and getting taro all the time. Yeah I know you. Get the black sesame and be a better person in life.The service was friendly and warm... and good looking. Stop judging me okay?But really. The contagious smiles were as generous as the kakuni porkThe atmosphere and seating were casually comfortable. Clean bathroom. Overall a very clean look. If you have not tried a banh mi before, JoJu can serve as a very legitimate introduction to this special fusion snack. If banh mi is your thing, I bet you haven't had it with bulgogi before (nono that thing in Baoguette was not bulgogi you silly). Bottom line is just come :)
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,9/11/2013,628,678,16,17,17>First off, let me just say: Korean fried chicken + pitcher of Killian's + baseball on the flatscreen + good company = awesome afternoon.The chicken here is great! Mostly as good as the KFC served at their extremely popular sister location, Kyedong (yelp.com/biz/kyedong-fri) - still hot and juicy, with a few differences: at Kono, the crust is thicker, and the spicy is much spicier. Essentially, it's like BonChon when BonChon doesn't screw up.Too bad Kono is wedged a few blocks south of busy Northern Blvd, by the LIRR station, next to also-extremely-popular Korean BBQ joint Hahm Ji Bak. Someone came to us after a few minutes of our looking at the menu and asked if we hadn't gone into the wrong restaurant:"Huh? No..""Oh, okay, because Hahm Ji Bak is next door and a lot of people are looking for that."Way to have confidence in your business! To be sure, we were the only ones there... and that's always a little weird. Kono's space is prettier than Kyedong's, but still not flashy. This apparently was formerly Korean BBQ space, as evidenced by the dormant tabletop grills and plastic-wrapped hoods overhead.The chicken menu is identical to Kyedong's, and brief. All chicken includes a plate of fries plus an overdressed slaw salad which they seemed eager to refill. Pickled daikon comes standard. Just like at Kyedong, they've given us kimchi upon request, on the house. The pork feet are actually really tasty and not oversalted at all. The "medium" is a huuuuge portion - but it had better be, for $23.When I ordered to-go once, our fries had been inexplicably replaced with a can of soda. :(  Kono is a great alternative to the dedicated (and crowded) KFC places nearby. When Kyedong is too cool to feed you, Kono happily acts as the Kyedong annex. Besides, the extra few blocks of walking will do your fried-chicken-addled body good.(By the way, Yankees snuck in 3 runs at the top of the 9th but still lost 3-8 to Tampa Bay. Laaaaaame)
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/10/2013,1515,3350,7,8,8>Party of two on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend calls for a change of taste from the usual Dim Sum/Yum Cha realm.We indulged with three platters:* Rice Cake with shredded chicken at $6.95 which was okay but entirely swimming with oil and grease.  A Shanghaiese favorite as I've experienced better while in Shanghai's The Bund.* Vegetable noodle soup at $4.95 broth was entirely too salty but the noodles alone were very good.  Personally, I love noodles and in a soup form.* Shanghaiese steamed soup pork dumplings (Xiao3 Long2 Bao1) at $5.50 which were extremely good yet served in scaling high heat temperature that burnt my mouth.  The dumplings were very juicy for a classic Shanghaiese staple: soup + dumplings = Chinese comfort food!Patrons wait for a table outside of the door as there is no proper waiting area.  Corridor entrance is very narrow and small.  Service is prompt for small parties of two but a long wait for larger parties.  I do not recommend parties above five as seating is not equipped in this small restaurant setting.  Menus along with Chinese Green Tea are already waiting for patrons at the table upon our seating.  For three platters it foots the bill very reasonable under $20.00 including tax.  Facilities are small for unisex as the kitchen is direct opposite where the strong stench of soy sauce floats above.  Staff are fluent in both English and Mandarin.  Yes, a takeout menu and business cards are readily available which is now added to my ever increasing collection.  Outside by the entrance is a small garden complete with a water windmill surrounded by man made rocks.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,9/9/2013,315,250,8,15,12>I was quite a regular at this restaurant a few years ago. The food is delicious and quite reasonable in price, just make sure you bring "CASH" since credit cards have not evolved here yet.These are some of the must haves when you dine here:1. Roti Canai - Malaysian crispy pancake, flaky and served with a curry chicken dipping sauce2. Hainanese Chicken -  Steamed chicken served with cucumbers and bathed in a special soy sauce and served with a garlic/ginger red dipping sauce. I usually order a bowl of the coconut rice when having this chicken.3.  Satay chicken or beef skewers - served with a delicious peanut sauce and red onions and cucumbers on the side.4. Prawn noodle soup - The noodles are delicious in this flavorful shrimp broth.5. Tom yum soup noodle - Delicious Thai and Malaysian inspired flavors6. Seafood scramble egg chow fun - I usually get this ying/yang style, Half chow fun and the other half Mei fun. Delicious seafood/vegetables mixed in a light brown sauce.7. Black/White cold drink - Refreshing grass jelly mixed with soy bean milk and ice8. Fried fish in Belachan sauce - I order the skate fish with this preparation. The belachan sauce is awesome!They have many other vegetarian style type dishes that are delicious!The place is small and could get crowded pretty quickly. In the past they used to open the basement for seating, but on my last visit they don't have basement seating anymore.The wait staff is fluent in Chinese and English and are very friendly. Once you place your orders the food comes out pretty quick.  Parking is limited in front of the restaurant, so street parking is your only option. Parking spaces can be a premium since the restaurant is located off to the side of "Gold City supermarket" and the former "East Manor restaurant" If you're in the mood for some good old fashion Malaysian comfort food, "Satay"  definitely will not disappoint.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,9/8/2013,406,1092,5,6,6>Looking for a new brunch spot? Then LIC Market's a perfect choice. Although it's located in an area without a lot of commercial, nestled away is a black awning leading down to a narrow restaurant. It would go unnoticed to many, except for the crowds that come as soon as it opens. We got here at 10:30 AM on a Sunday, 30 minutes after opening, and there were already people waiting for a table. Luckily, there was a high-chair table available near the front.As soon as we were seated, our waiter had come over with menus and asked what we'd like to drink. We both said coffee, and the waiter proceeded to walk away. Almost immediately, another staff member had dropped off the mugs and sugar over, and then then our original waiter had come with the carafe to pour the coffee. Wow, was I amazed at the prompt and attentive service. It sort of felt like my own personal waitstaff. He then took our orders, which I chose the Slow Roasted Duck Hash ($12.00) from the waiter's recommendation after much deliberation between that and the "Dirty Rice" Frittata ($11.00).We were then provided with a small plate of complimentary bread: 2 pieces of a carrot bread, a chocolate croissant, and 2 very thin slices of 7 grain bread. I was surprised at how good the bread was, a definite step up from your generic Italian-like restaurant bread.What was no more than 10 minutes later, my dish of Slow Roasted Duck Hash was served. Portions looked scant at first, but I was pleasantly surprised that it was a very filling dish. It's not hungry man proportions, but you'll leave mostly satisfied. Mixed along with the shredded-like roasted duck were crisp potato squares, red onions, peppers, dried cherries, pine nuts, all topped with two fried eggs. I immediately cracked the egg yolk in the middle to let all that yellow goodness coat the food. Texturally, it was outstanding, from tender and moist duck (with a few semi-crunchy pieces), to crispy yet soft potatoes, to the pine nuts. Flavors were on point, from the red onions giving it some bite, to the dried cherries that gave it a very subtle sweetness. There was nothing to dislike about this dish, but everything to like.I also had the chance to try the Sausage & Onions Sandwich ($9.00) which included two fried eggs, breakfast sausage, caramelized onions, cheddar on a brioche bun, and served with home fries on the side. It was a fairly average sandwich, but still very enjoyable. I'd definitely spend the few extra bucks to get the Slow Roasted Duck Hash.Overall, LIC Market was a winner in my book. From attentive service that made me feel like a reguler, to a cute laid back and cozy ambiance, to good eats. It made out for a very good experience that I'd love to come back again and try their other offerings.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/7/2013,223,77,8,13,9>Is it possible to have a meaningful relationship with a restaurant? Whether I am celebrating an occasion, bummed over a bad date, tired after a long day at work, or too lazy to put pants on and leave the apartment, Antika has been there through the most celebratory and trying of times. I couldn't have asked for a better BFF! Sure, we fight sometimes (she got back at me one day vis-a-vis an all-night trip to the bathroom after eating a whole bunch of dairy), but our friendship is strong enough to get through that kind of nonsense!I'm not talented enough to develop this analogy any further so here's an earnest review of some of my favorite dishes:-  THE FOCACCIA BREAD. Holy cow if you just gave me a pile of their bread to eat as my main meal, I would oblige without any complaints. I haven't gone so far as to go through Antika's leftover trash to find scraps of this complimentary bread but I seriously wouldn't be surprised if my focaccia addiction led me to that.- WARM RICOTTA. Their warm ricotta appetizer is served with stewed grapes and it's DELICIOUS. I never would've thought the flavors would work well together but the combination is absolutely orgasmic. Of course, they serve it with their focaccia bread to dip.- PENNE A LA VODKA. Always a slam dunk. Always with the most crispy pancetta. And always with the bread to dip in the leftover sauce.- VEAL BRUSCHETTA MILANESE. Delicious, breaded and fried veal served with bruschetta over a pile of arugula. DECADENT!I believe there's another  location uptown, but I'm glad that this place is helping define the restaurant scene in Astoria.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,9/6/2013,286,298,13,18,18>I've always been a little jealous of my friends who live in the LIC waterfront high rises. Not only do they live in brand spanking new buildings with washer/dryers on each floor (and some even in unit!), but they also have a stunning view of the Manhattan skyline. And now they have their very own Sweetleaf just steps away from home. Did I say "a little jealous"? Let's make that "very jealous."Those familiar with the Sweetleaf chain love it for their Stumptown coffee and fresh baked goods. This Sweetleaf has all that plus an extra trick up their sleeve. They've teamed up with Richard Boccato of Dutch Kills so that around 4pm Sweetleaf begins to morph into a mixology den. While the original Sweetleaf is boho hipster and Dutch Kills is speakeasy saloon, the feel of this new Sweetleaf is the perfect marriage of the two and the ambience translates seamlessly from coffee extraordinaire by day to cocktail superhero by night. Love it.Sweetleaf's cocktail menu includes a range of classics and specialty cocktails including some new coffee-based cocktails that Boccato created for Sweetleaf. But if you're not feeling any of the drinks on the menu, you'll be relieved to know that the mixologists at Sweetleaf are fully equipped to make anything you'd be able to order at Dutch Kills so don't be afraid to order off menu. (Hello Gold Rush!) Keep in mind the same drinks will cost you a couple dollars more at Sweetleaf, but for those who live in the neighborhood the convenient location really can't be beat.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,9/5/2013,168,160,7,13,11>In a recent survey of best Korean BBQ in Queens Mapo came out on top!Ok fine someone on Facebook asked what restaurant in Queens had the best korean BBQ and most of the people who responded said Mapo for their Kalbi. I would agree. Mapo doesn't serve galbi the way most other Korean restaurants do. You would find a roll of meat usually still attached to the rib. But in Mapo you get a big thick cut slab of meat. To be totally honest i was kinda taken aback at how small the portion looked but once we started eating it became clear that it wasn't small at all. We left feeling very full and very satisfied. Everything was really great and you get all of the side dishes (banchan) that one is accustom to when ordering korean BBQ.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/19/2012,593,1089,22,13,14>1) one of my best friends lost his knish virginity here on Halloween weekend. I don't want to say there's a photo on Facebook of him eating his first knish...but yeah. bro hasn't been the same since; he's got swagger, the honeys flock to him, and his voice dropped a few octaves since then. ALL CAUSE OF A KNISH, I TELL YA.2) their corned beef knish wrap is one of the greatest things ever invented. you take a knish, and add finely shredded pieces of corned beef into it, and stretch it to a more cylindrical shape (like a spring roll, but on a much larger scale). oh, yeah, this beast is only five bucks.3) the soups are costly ($5 for a small container - you know, the ones you get wonton soup in from Random Chinese Takeout Place) but the matzoh ball soup here is perfect on so many levels, I don't mind getting one every now and then. matzohs are great consistency, the noodles are fine, and the broth totally hits the goddamn spot.if you swing by Forest Hills and don't go to Knish Nosh, you probably hate freedom. and I will NOT abide by that.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,3/18/2012,68,125,8,3,6>I came here a while back with a friend. I had easily passed this place dozens of times on my bike, and never really noticed it, despite being right under my nose. I went there again recently and tried a rum and coke. It was delicious and well made, it reminded me of being back in Cuba in 1944. During that time, I was privy to having some of the best drinks in my small fishing village. Back then, I would set out in the morning and bring back the biggest fish for the markets, and then relax in the cabana and listen to the radio while the waves crashed on the shore. The Yankees were who I liked to listen to, especially when Joe DiMaggio was playing. But eventually my luck ran out that fateful summer as I went 84 days without a bite! I decided I was going to go out as far into the waters as I could, determined to end my cold streak. I finally managed to relax with thoughts of my youth in Africa when I was jolted by the biggest Marlin you'd ever seen. It must have been twenty feet long, I kid you not! After the first day of struggling with the monster, I began to think about the pain the the Great DiMaggio must have endured while playing with a heel spur. I channeled this thought into the ability to fight through the pain. I finally mastered the giant beast on the third day when he circled around the boat. I saw my chance, so I stabbed him with the last energy I had! Though he was a great opponent, I was not to be denied. It was only when I tried to bring the creature of strength and beauty back to my village did I realize the perils of the master hunter of the sea, the shark. I fought them off one by one as they tried to sully my triumph. I rose to the challenge like a phoenix from the ashes of Arabia, but eventually, I could not fend them off any longer. As I pulled the carcass of the great beast back to my village, I sobbed because he died in vain. The other fisherman gathered around my boat could not understand my struggle and my triumph. Before I set down for the deepest of slumbers, I poured myself a coke from the only machine in town, lowered the bottle of pure can rum from the valleys of the island into my drink, and sat thinking about my eternal battle. Just like at this bar. Oh, they have beer too if that's your thing.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,3/17/2012,122,316,,7,7>First and foremost, Astoria is the best hood. Just when you didn't think things could get better, a winebar opens up down the street. Yes this is my third time here, I love it here and I will continue to visit the gang at Mosaic, they are the best. This go around, when we arrived to catch the second half of the Patriots game, the place was jammin ... per usual. With that being said there wasn't a table for three people. I then spotted the love seat and two chair configuration, but there was a reserved sign on the table. Then a gentleman came over and said that my friends and I were more than welcome to sit there ... for now and if a bigger party comes along then we'd be bumped. I had never seen this guy before and knew all the staff at Mosaic so I had to introduce myself. He ended up being the owner, Tom, what a great guy!! We quickly ordered booze and I just had to order food. I tried two new menu items the salsa and the guac. The food was brought out rather quickly which was a thing of beauty because I was a hungry girl. Both items were brought out on a square platter decorated with colored tortilla chips with the salsa and guac as the centerpiece of the dish. The salsa was refreshing, cool and chunky. The guac was also very good. It was super smooth not a chunk of avocado and I'm usually a fan of chunky guac but this worked. The guac was topped off with pine nuts and dusting of paprika, making this dish more than eye appealing. If you haven't been to Mosaic, what are you waiting for? No seriously, regardless of what day it is this place is always busy. It's a cozy atmosphere offering up a number of different wines and beers. The staff is friendly, accommodating and fun!! So next time you need a spot to meet friends or just to have a glass of wine I highly recommend you get to Mosaic!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,3/16/2012,280,224,4,8,4>Hop your butt on the 7 and head to Woodside for the best affordable sushi ever!  A couple of college chums and I decided we wanted to grab some sushi in the area, but were a little hesitant because my Queens native said sushi in the area was the pits.  Thank goodness for Yelp as I definitely scored some points for finding an amazing sushi spot in Queens.Started off the night with the shrimp gyoza--so light, tender, and succulent.  Don't be nice like me by sharing this dish, just order your own. I wanted and should have ordered more.  I kid you not, this is the best sushi I've had in my life --Ever!  True, I ordered pretty standard rolls (salmon avocado, spicy tuna)...but if this is what their basic rolls taste like, then I must have been eating spam wrapped in rice all along.  My friends ordered more creative rolls (Dragon roll and some roll with peppered tuna) which were both down right delicious.  We also lushed it up and had two large carafes of sake and Sapporos.The service was phenomenal...as they seem to have a team approach for taking orders and checking on tables.  You need something?  Ask any of the pleasant waiters/waitresses.  As one funny waiter would always say "You have questions, we got some answers".  Well I got a question now:  Do you deliver to Philly?!?!You can also tell that this restaurant pays attention to detail, as I noticed how they kept the raw fish individually wrapped in a vacuum sealed plastic wrap to perserve the freshness.  The restaurant was also very clean.TJ Asian Bistro....you did me good, definitely had a foodgasm as I passed out on the train ride home and craved a ciggy (even though I don't smoke)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,3/15/2012,65,193,8,10,5>For an Indian restaurant on Queens Blvd that does not come with the fear of food poisoning or roaches cooked into your saag paneer, than this is definitely as good as is gets. As you open the door you are always greeted with the amazing aroma of Indian spices and two televisions playing Indian music videos or the occasional Indian soap opera. The staff is super sweet and always refilling your water glasses...you will probably want them refilled once or twice... when they say spicy they mean spicy! I am a regular diner here and what surprises me the most is that they never seem to have an off night. Everytime I have eaten there it is always delicious. The prices are unbeatable. An order of samosas (which i highly recommend by the way) are only like $3-$4! And there are two of them! I never eat there without ordering one of their refreshing mango lassi's, I will even take one to go if I am taking out. A mango lassi is basically a mango smoothie, Indian style. Their saag paneer, aloo gobi, chicken tika massala, lamb biryani, raita, and fluffy naan are always regular favorites my family and I order. If you have room for dessert, try the malai ice cream with a chai tea. All I can say about the malai ice cream is that it is magical. Baskin Robbins will never be the same after trying this special flavor. For someone who loves Indian food, Sajni 026 is the perfect place to go to get a Manhattan quality meal without the Manhattan prices.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,3/14/2012,159,257,4,10,9>The Astor Room isn't trying to reinvent anything; rather it's there to remind us why the classics are so great. It is a classy, classy joint. There's a piano player playing softly as you enter.  The bartender (who wears a vest!) will make you a perfectly executed classic cocktail from a short list. It will be nicely balanced, garnished correctly, and served with a smile. If you are lucky, like I was, he will offer to make you and your companions shots, and you can watch him prepare them, in awe at how deft he is. He will offer you a tray of crostini to whet your appetite. The food is actually strangely the weak spot, but as I went for cocktails and just happened to stay for dinner, I was ok with it. Hits:Short Ribs Stroganoff - meaty and succulent, hearty and served over well done noodles. The chef said it's his favorite and I can see why.The truffled fries: Like elevated McDonald's fries. And yes, that is a compliment.Butterscotch Icebox pudding- fair warning, I didn't read the description very carefully, and this is a CHOCOLATE pudding with butterscotch caramel. But it was delicious, smooth and creamy and rich. Good:The salt baked branzino - cooked perfectly, tender, moist, flaky- but weoirdly some salty patches, and one patch that was unbearably so. The potatoes it came with were roasted nicely and the oranges and golden raisins were a good match. Without the salty patches this would have been a hit.Striped Bass with Bacon Clam vinagerette: Very simple, but very good. Smokey and well executed. Unmemorable:Warm spinach salad - not bad, but nothing specialWould not get again:Oysters Rockefeller - not enough oyster.Roasted cauliflower with truffles aioli:  These GIANT heads of cauliflower came out. They were brown, but still raw inside. And it was cold. The truffle aioli was meek. This was a waste of stomach room and of money.The service was very, very attentive, and super kind,  so that, coupled with the excellent cocktails pushes my 3.5 stars to 4.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,3/13/2012,153,290,4,9,5>Been craving meat ever since being spoiled in Buenos Aires, Argentina.  Most "argentine" steakhouses I've been to since just don't cut it.  I've been meaning to come here in my search for real argentine meat and I am so glad we finally came to test it out.  This restaurant is in no mans land Horace Harding in the flushing area of queens.  When entering the place was packed with what looked to me like native argentines and locals alike. When I was in Argentina the churrascos focused on the meat, the grill, and you would get offered a salad or vegetables on the side. And immediately looking over this menu I had a feeling it would be authentic because it was meat focused! Some other places offer rice and beans etc, I did not eat rice or beans once in BA. We ordered the mixed grill and sangria. The sangria was strong and perfect it tasted like wine and liquor with a splash of club. Exactly what sangria is supposed to taste like. Empanadas to start were delicious and baked just like in BA. Now comes the meat. Holy poop! It was amazing, cooked perfectly rare and not seasoned at all, just had the perfect grill smoky meaty flavors of the south. I don't like blood sausage so I didn't eat that. The service here was great and the restaurant was busy. We had dessert it was nothing special, flan, I've had better. I wish they had alfajores* but that's asking too much.All in all an authentic argentine steak house with excellent prices I might add. Bill was $70 with appetizers, glass of wine, glass of sangria, MEAT and dessert.* argentine cookie with dulce de leche ( caramel) filling
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,3/12/2012,245,505,4,9,8>One of my favorite things about my neighborhood!  Even though my end of 30th Avenue is far quieter than "West of Steinway", it is full of charm, and Gian Piero's is definitely a big part of that.From the fresh ciabatta and Italian loaves to the delicious cookies, there is no way to go wrong here.  They have my favorite pignoli cookies (have a maximum of two at one sitting), delectable cream puffs and pastries I don't even know the name of (I just point to them) but love and their cakes are divine.  If you need a dessert to take to a dinner party, this is your place.If you have a moody stepfather visiting and you know he is soothed by taking a walk to the bakery to get fresh bread, this is the spot to send him.  I'm just saying.Coffee here is also great.If you can, grab a spot outside with all the old school Italian men.  Definitely an experience.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,3/11/2012,700,2015,10,6,6>4 stars from 476 reviews... Gives you the idea, no?Bohemian Beer garden - sweet mother of Mercury, why aren't there more of these places around?A group of us headed over here for a birthday and were not sure if it was going to go off due to some downpour action earlier in the evening- but the weather cleared and we had a picnic table out back with a couple of pitchers of some awesome beer.We ordered a variety of appetizers to help wash down the beer - the kielbasa was just outstanding as were some of the other things.  the knockwurst was meh, but the pickled cabbage (I think it was cabbage) was addicting.  Cold bacon with pickles- I could pick at that all night. The beers:  a boat load of variety.  I started off with a mug of an IPA and as we got down to business, we ordered pitchers of something- not sure what it was and the waiter wasn't that great with little things like information or the English language.  My best guess was that it was Kruovice svtlé - I double dare you to pronounce that...There was karaoke going on the night I was there and the highlight was a few tourists from China singing Bohemian Rhapsody... Parking totally blows - took me 15 minutes, but I scored a spot almost on the corner, under a tree that apparently houses 458.5 birds; all of which had a bowel movement at approximately the same moment, but I digress... Take the train, drink and be merry.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,3/10/2012,102,494,12,14,13>Usually a place like a laundromat can't really warrant a 5 star review, but I invite you to consider this not a Michelin-type 5 star rating; this is more of a 5 star in the laundromat category type of rating.Right before I moved into my building the washing machine apparently broke down, and according to the landlord it actually needs to be replaced. In the meantime, my building is without a washer and as it does in other areas of life, dirty clothes tend to pile up and pile up.Enter Tenchodo. Weird name, but awesome facility. TONS of *working* washers and dryers as far as the eye can see. Folding spaces galore. This place is super clean AND it has the cheapest machines I've seen in some time (even the laundromat I used to frequent in Brooklyn was more expensive, and it certainly wasn't this nice). Washes in the smallest machines are $1.75 (I've seen this at $2 for most places and even up to $2.25!). $0.25 will buy you 8 minutes in the dryers whereas normally it'll buy you 7. That extra minute adds up quickly!As far as I can tell in the two times I've been (once on a weekday evening and once during the weekend), there is also a distinct lack of cracked out hobos frequenting this place compared to other laundromats in the city. Love. It. I'll be around until my landlord gets around to replacing the washer in my building.P.S. Apparently there's free Wi-Fi and there seems to be an old school arcade in the back plus several TV's playing different channels.EDIT: I forgot to add that they have "normal people" hours, e.g. they're open late enough that those of us with jobs during the day don't have to rush home and rush to the laundromat in order to beat the last wash deadline; I believe the last wash on weekdays is 10:30 p.m.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,7/5/2013,83,197,7,11,8>You can barely see and touch in this dark restaurant and with the loud music, you can barely hear the friend next to you. But the only 2 senses you really need here are your taste and smell and Debasaki wouldn't want it any other way. Let's start this review of by saying everything tastes great. We had the:Gyoza Wings (15 for $17.95) - Chicken wings with a filling inside. You get to pick from cheese/corn, shrimp, veggie, kimchi, or pepper. Choose all of the same or mix it up. The majority of my group said the cheese corn was the best filling. Unfortunately that's the one I didn't get to try, Curse Odd Numbers! I would say shrimp comes in at a close second then. yelp.com/biz_photos/debaBoneless BBQ with Small Octopus - Awesome sweet, spicy, sticky mixture of tender chicken and seafood. About 70% of it is chicken and the other 30% is mussels, shrimp, and shrunken octopus. yelp.com/biz_photos/debaThe stuffed chicken wings are definitely the must try at Debasaki. This unique twist of the fried chicken would leave you wanting to try out every filling. Also Debasaki's other wing choices are not half bad. My tip is to stick to the chicken though because the rice and noodle dishes here are not as great.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,7/4/2013,8,31,7,11,9>Let me just say that I had been fitted for bras before and by far the BEST service I've received was here at Magic Corset and I am a very picky person to please!I went there looking to buy bras and just a heads up, don't be surprised if the sales lady gets into the dressing room with you. It's a full service thing lol, I got help to put the bras on, off and even to situate my breasts.  These two women definitely have a gift and I can't express how happy I was when I left...I actually wore one of the new bras out the store lolAlso I was never pressured to buy anything which is a big PLUS. I'd recommend this place to any of my friends!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,7/3/2013,186,102,4,9,6>Seva!!! In our time of need, you came through! Yum! Yum! Yummy!Everything is fresh.  It always takes them a little bit of time to cook the food, but I am glad to wait because that means it's being made when we order (not sitting in containers waiting to be reheated).  I definitely recommend starting with the sampler platter (veggie samosa, chicken samosa, pakora, and lamb spring roll) because it's difficult to choose between the four items.  As for entrees, I LOVE the Lamb Vindaloo!  It's spicy and delicious. The Chicken Tikka Masala is my second runner up.  Grab a side of garlic naan and you're all set.  Just make sure you have a friend or two to share it with because you get a TON of food.  If you're going solo, no problem!  You'll be enjoying the leftovers for a few days.This is by far the best Indian food I've eaten in New York.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,7/2/2013,280,538,13,14,14>***DISCLAIMER*** Beware that the receptionists can't speak English. When I ask for a hair consultation and to recommend a stylist, they stared at me blankly and said, "Haircut?" After explaining my situation for a minute or 2, they stared at me blankly again and said, "So, haircut?" And when I asked what was the name of my stylist and should I tip him directly or put it in an envelope, they really didn't understand.Oh my goodness, Inforé is so chic! I was a bit upset that Hair JJ was gone because it was a lot closer to me than Inforé is now, but I think it was probably for the best for them. The new facility comes with:- An expanded waiting area- Recliners in the shampooing area- The same lockers that we've grown to love at the previous location- Limited parking in the frontI like it. I like it a lot. And all their hairstyle books? Rasysa!I came here as a walk-in on Saturday after an unsatisfied cut from Sub-Image, so I wandered on Northern until I hit Inforé. It was exactly the same price as the previous salon I went to, but this place was so much nicer.When I finally talk to my assigned stylist (I forgot his name, but remember his face), he realized that it wasn't a regular cut, but more of a fixing cut, he dried my hair and try to analyze my issue. We talked, I showed him pics of my previous haircuts, he consulted, told me what was feasible, what he can do. When the cut was finally done, my sense of panic was gone, and felt a little bit better. I've only went to Hair JJ/Inforé in the past for hair treatment, but I think I'm going to go back for haircuts now.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/1/2013,93,365,6,10,9>Dining at Portalia is truly an impeccable experience. I believe that the owners have succeeded in their mission to bring a Manhattan experience and level of quality to Queens. And, of the many restaurants I've visited in the area, I believe Portalia to be the best of the bunch. In an area as heavily saturated with eateries as Astoria, that says a lot.The dining area and atmosphere at Portalia is refined, chic and intimate. Service was of the highest quality. We were greeted and treated as though we were long time regulars. And though the overall vibe could easily be misconstrued by outsiders as intimidating, we were met without an ounce of pretentiousness.The focaccia with goat cheese mixed with tomato sauce dipping accompaniment was a welcome change from the standard butter or EVOO, balsamic, salt and pepper combination that is usually presented at Italian restaurants. We ordered the crab cake appetizer, as well as the grilled octopus with fingerling potatoes and bitter greens to start. Both were perfect. My boyfriend proclaimed the crab cakes to be among the best rendition that he's ever had. And, the combination of contrasting textures and flavors regarding the octopus were unique and extremely well balanced.I ordered the grilled lamb chops, and would have licked my plate clean if it were socially acceptable. They were well seasoned and cooked exactly to my requests. The spinach provided a lean counterbalance to the fatty deliciousness of the lamb. While browsing other reviews, I noticed that the lamb largely goes unordered by many in favor of the maiale or steak offerings, but I believe it to be a hidden gem on their menu. My boyfriend's salmon was accompanied by a mustard cream sauce that he enjoyed thoroughly. He commented that he found it to be a bit overcooked, but to Portalia's defense, we did not specify any cooking preference at the time we ordered so it could be perceived by some as an oversight of our own part.We were too full to enjoy dessert, but if any of their offerings taste as good as they looked, I can safely say that you won't be disappointed. Their wine selection was well varied as deserves mention as well. The owner, who greeted and seated us, clearly takes pride in his restaurant, and his attention to detail shine through when dining here. There wasn't a single aspect of the entire experience that didn't meet or exceed my expectations.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/30/2013,134,610,6,7,6>"We're going to do the drinking brunch option"  Solid brunch food + unlimited mimosas = quality lowbudget brunchI've been here a few times before for drinks - decent neighborhood bar which I wish had better beer.  Eating for the first time, my GF and I came here for brunch today, lured in by the desire for basic, simple, good omelettes.  Not a froo-froo fancypants omelette with duck confit, truffles, gouda, filet mignon, cave-aged gruyere, and cherries, just a simple classy eggs, cheese, and veggies option.  It's breakfast, not a life-changing meal.So we ordered the basic simple omelettes, with a side of fries and unlimited mimosas for $12.  The mimosas came good and plenty, poured by pitcher into our repeatedly emptied glasses.  They were basic, simple, nothing special mimosas.The omelette was pretty good, about a 3.5 out of 5 on the basic omelette taste scale.  ~2 eggs, good fresh veggies, solid quantities of cheese, enough to overflow a bit from the omelette, well mixed together.  Could use a bit of pepper and/or hot sauce, but those are readily available from the waitress.  The fries were fine - basic, large quantity, came with both ketchup and some other dipping sauce which the GF liked. Net net, it's a quality brunch option on the lowbudget with pretty good basic omelettes, solid quantities of food, and unlimited cheap booze.  You know what to do.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/29/2013,36,97,7,7,7>This is one of my new favorite places.  It used to be Tofu which was terrible, so its nice to see something clean, fresh and new open up in its spot.  The decor is trendy and sleek.  In the middle of the room there is this water sculputure-ish thing that off-sets the mood.  The first time I came here I got one of their hot dishes which was delicious.  The food here is great, but very pricey so be aware that your meal may add up quick.  They have some great appetizer options, but relatively small portions which is sad because gurlll likes to eat.The reason I am writing this review though is not to talk about a salad or some dumplings, it is to talk about the southeast asia roll.  Hands down, one of the best rolls of sushi I ever had, and its not even fish!  This roll incorapates some indian-esque seasoned chicken, with peanut drizzle sauce - my mouth is literally watering writing this it was that good.  Nothing can compare ever since the fateful day I tried this roll lol.  The other rolls were great too but they paled in comparison.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,6/28/2013,51,149,4,6,5>So I definitely really want to come back here as soon as possible!!First of all let me say I had absolutely no idea this place even existed and still wouldn't if my friend didn't point it out to me. The front of this place looks super out-dated and basically blends in with the building, but the interior is really cozy, modern and nice. I really like the concept of this place!My friend and I split the chicken with caramel dip for appetizer. Really delicious. Then we both had the mac and cheese which was AMAZING. It was so hearty and creamy and delicious and definitely not good for you. But DELICIOUS. For dessert I had the pumpkin whoopie pie which was really good also. I will for sure be back!! Their menu is exciting and unique.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/27/2013,30,93,4,10,5>I put 4.5 stars!This restaurant is one of my favorite place in my neighborhood and I haven't review this place before but it was my 5th time of visit.I always have the burger at this place and thought they're burger got better then before!(*as my memory, they got a grade C under? by health department about a year ago and had to close a bit. I was so busy and couldn't be there in the while so I really don't remember how long they've been closed and when they reopened. but I thought they improved after the closed at this time.)The burger is cooked perfect and so juicy and the side of fried potato is tasty. (it has a potato skin!)and price and portion is great too.I love to try the different burger shop in Manhattan and I have a favorite burgers in there but this place makes me comeback every little while.It's definitely one of my 5 best burgers in NY:)The place itself has a good numbers of seats and good old bar area at the front.You'll see a lots of neighbors hangout to have a beers and food.My favorite point of the restaurant is the decor. old, antique looking furnitures including small fireplace and wine storage room.I may recommend for everyone who willing to try this restaurant to be expect that this old school neighbor's favorite place has "the old school service" by experienced waitresses.It might make you smile!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,6/26/2013,222,114,8,10,8>Here is what went down:2 weeks ago: NYTimes' Hungry City blog blows the cover on Lao Dong Bei.  Crispy fried fish with cumin is mentioned.  1.9 weeks ago: Lao Dong Bei is overrun with mixed-race couples ordering the said review's Orange Pork and/or cumin fish.  ('Ordering' in Mandarin, or 'ordering' by pointing and gesticulating (me))The review does not lie; the dishes are delicious.  Skip the review's dessert, though: the sticky caramelized taro (or sweet potato, etc.) cubes that are to be dipped in a bowl of cold water are actually tasteless ...and there is only so much fried sugar that one should eat anyway.  Otherwise, this place is a great find.  That fried cumin fish haunts my dreams now.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/23/2013,472,510,14,18,16>I am truly excited about this place, what a great, new discovery in Fresh Meadows.  I have a friend who lives in the area and whenever I visit her, I'm a bit exasperated at the lack of new, and interesting food options, as I am tired of eating at the Q'doba, Applebees, and the former Hooters (now, Ale House).  I love that Mian is not exactly on the main drag, but still close enough to all the stores and shops.  Btw, don't be confused by the huge "Delicatessen" signage on the building, I was told they will be removing that very soon!  This is not a Chinese, kosher deli, ha.The contemporary space is very open and the atmosphere is inviting.  There is seating and accompanying benches that line the wall, but there are also small table and stools that can sit three in each setting.  The vintage, Chinese-style furniture lends a very traditional sensibility to the decor.  Overall, this place is a visually, well-balanced mix of new and old.  Food-wise, Mian is pretty much a great option around the clock.  You can enjoy a great brunch, lunch and dinner at really affordable prices (all entrees under $10).  The food is surprisingly very good, the portions are generous, and the flavors, authentic.  I really enjoyed my Ginger Scallion Cold Noodles with shredded chicken (though it just needed an extra touch of ginger flavor).  I tasted my sister's roast pork noddle soup, and the meat was tender and there was no pesky fat globs on the roast pork.  Her Cantonese fiance had congee and was impressed at how authentic it tasted.  Dessert was an excellent, thick-chunk of almond toast, generously lathered in condensed milk (creamy, sweet and buttery).  The best part of our experience at Mian was talking with our waitress, Liz.  She was so delightful and full of energy and really made the experience that much more memorable.  She stayed past her shift just to take care of us, and chatted us up, giving us helpful information about the restaurant.  Though they have only been open for 2 months, it looks like the business is seamlessly rolling forward with a tentative liquor license in the works, and a credit card tendering system also on its way.  For the lucky ducks who live nearby, Mian delivers!  I was happy to find them on grubhub (grubhub.com/nyc/fresh-me), and will adamantly propose ordering from here the next time we get takeout with our Fresh Meadows friends.  I can definitely envision, successful Queens Yelp events occurring at this cozy, cool, little place.  In fact, I'm going to email Jando (our amazing CM) right now and propose this idea!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/22/2013,168,160,7,9,6>You ever hear the term you can't judge a book by it's cover? of course you have you live in America for goodness sake! well that term perfectly fits this restaurant. When I walked in i got goosebumps, not because i was scared by the mediocre setting (really drab decor), but because of the strong draft that basically let the lightest wind in. Great, this is going to be a horrible eating experience,  i thought. well thankfully i was wrong. Once we got in they pumped up the heat and it was nice and warm. But better than that is the warm service. Other's have mentioned that the service is great, and it really is, the servers are always very nice and accomodating, talk about serice with a smile, they were so friendly. Very nice. They start you off with a pumpkin porridge that was nice and then give you this onion tea, it's not as bad as it sounds when you drink it hot. apparently it's good for the cholesterol. anyway. what's amazing is what you can get for a few bucks off of their lunch menu. I've had a few things here and the food is always pretty consistant. it all tastes great. Their side dishes are not great but i assume they give you a lot more if you are getting the bbq.but even if you don't get the bbq, come have some lunch.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/21/2013,45,115,7,14,11>Was going to go for seafood but at the last minute decided to come here after multiple friends, yelpers and the community leader of Queens, Jando, asked me if I've ever tried this place.  I went to OpenTable.com and saw there were still available tables, made my res and went.  Am I glad I went.We get there and the hostess states there is a 25 minute wait to the couple before us and I said I have the res and were seated in 5 minutes (got there early).  The waiter, Johnny, came by and took our drink orders and immediately apologized that due to two parties on the deck and the manager needing to help in the kitchen, that they were running behind.  We looked at the menu and decided on the Feta Cheese Tater Tots and the Sizzling Saganaki (cheese... I forgot what cheese he said it was, but it wasn't feta).  The Tater Tots were tasty and served with a spicy feta dipping sauce that was sublime.  The Saganaki was also very tasty and came in with lemon that complemented the dish well.For dinner I had the Mediterranean Branzino and my girlfriend ordered the Greek Souvalakia Trio.  Johnny bought us a round of drinks because of the wait (AWESOME!).  The Banzino was butterflied and deboned (I was promised that I would find no more than a few bones around where the spine was) and was served with a choice of two sides... I asked for the red lemon potatoes and roasted cauliflower, to which the waiter remarked was the perfect choices for fish.  The Branzino was light and succulent.  There was a nice seared tasted to it and there were only 2 bones!  The cauliflower was to die for: roasted perfectly in a lemon butter sauce with some garlic and salt.  The red lemon potatoes should be renamed red roasted potatoes as they were roasted perfectly without any lemon flavor to them (the only disappointment of the night).  The Souvakalia Trio is steak, chicken and pork souvakalia over some greens served with pita and tsatziki.  The steak was PHENOMENAL, cooked perfectly and extremely juicy.  The chicken and pork were also amazing.I judge Greek restaurants by their tsatziki... eXo is one of the best.  It's very hearty with flavors that smack your tongue with cucumber and garlic.  It's not as creamy as others I've tried... so this is a different class of tsatziki.  I sat there spooning it into my mouth after my girlfriend tapped out from her meal.For dessert, Johnny bought another round of drinks (again... AWESOME) because of the kitchen delays and we had a dessert that I cannot recall the name of... It was three thick slices vanilla ice cream wrapped in shredded phyllo dough and what tasted like granola served with whipped cream and a scope of vanilla ice cream on top.  That too was out of this world.I will be going back there no only for the taste and quality of the food but because of the friendliness of the staff.  The only downside... red lemon potatoes and the place was a bit on the loud side, but I can live with that if the food and the service remains 5 star quality.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,2/20/2013,241,315,9,10,10>Oh Golden Palace.Why do you name yourself Golden Palace. Golden Palace is the name of crappy Chinese hole-in-the-wall takeouts. You are the authentic gem in the heart of Flushing. Just get rid of your English name. Or name it Kickass Foods.Liao Ning Fan Dian, (Liao Ning Restaurant) is freaking awesome... if you're a traditional Chinese dude like me. It's for Chinese foodies and people who really love Chinese food. Sure, the place doesn't look high class and I bet its kitchens are not as clean as my other 5 star restaurants. But I rate dumplings. I simply have to say this is the best place to have steamed dumplings. Come here if you want to have authentic northern handmade steamed dumplings.The skin is perfect, the xier (filling) is perfect. If you do not like these dumplings, that simply means you don't really like authentic real dumplings, because this is what its supposed to taste like. Oh yes, as with any proper dumpling meal, you have your dumplings with vinegar and soysauce. Hell yes.I've had many dishes. Another good one is 'xiao ji dun muo gu,' which is chicken and mushroom. This classic northern dish is so commonplace and homey that it's a sin not for northern restaurants to not have it on the menu, just like how beef and broccoli is for fake Chinese food holes. Anddddd its delicious. Did I mention its cheap too?Did I mention its one of the best steamed dumplings "dumpling predator" has eaten (and I have eaten many in China too.)
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,2/19/2013,289,416,11,14,15>"Into each life, some alcohol must fall." When some Yelp friends proposed to have pre-dinner drinks at Dutch Kills on a Friday, I decided to let some alcohol fall.  Although I am close to abhorring the term "speakeasy" due to the plethora of pretentious places I have seen all over, Dutch Kills not only redeemed the term but honors it by elevating  the art of cocktail to a new level.  I walked into Dutch Kills after finding that elusive necessity called "parking".  The booths were in front as you enter the door while the bar is at the back.  My friends have already ordered their drinks and everyone seemed pleased with their respective choices.  I went for bourbon and got the Gold Rush.  It was smooth, had a hint of orange and easy, in fact, way too easy to drink. My friends offered me a taste of their drinks and I enjoyed the fact that none of the drinks were sweet.  I can't wait to be back for more!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,2/18/2013,188,199,6,10,10>Damn, I miss Paris. Coming back to New York after 12 days of eating the best food I have, and probably will ever have, was disappointing to say the least. What I miss most about Paris are the BAKERIES. My lovely aunt suggested we grab dessert at "La Boulangerie" and it was the Best suggestion she ever made!From the moment we walked in, I felt like I was back in Paris. The baguettes, the croissants, the buttery sweets..... pure heaven. We ordered a little bit of everything.....literally... everything. My favorite dessert was the Gateau Breton,  (I hope I'm getting the name right). You have to try this!!! It looks like a cupcake, they must make each one with 50 sticks of butter. Just give me a cup of coffee and 10 of those things and I'm a happy camper. Croissants are flaky, buttery, almost as good as the one's I had in Paris. We racked up a $53.00 bill.....yes, in a bakery! Everything I tried, I liked. You can't go wrong with this place. Plus, the decor is some rustic and French country. The tables are raw woods, and there is a window, where you can see the pastry chefs and bakers hard at work. The counter staff is super pleasant and sweet, and the iced coffee is rich and divine. Friendly, cozy, and warm, you'll find a little slice of Paris in Queens.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,2/17/2013,30,5,4,10,3>I only joined this gym a couple of weeks ago so I can only speak to my first few experiences at this gym, which was pretty good, to say the least.Joining: If you use the promo code: "1enroll" on their website, the $99 enrollment fee gets waived. This code still works as of Tuesday, November 13, 2012. The price you pay for your first month comes out to $41.92. Subsequent months are $20.89. I read somewhere in the terms that they also charge a $29+tax annual membership fee billed on either August 1 or December 1, which isn't a big deal, but I do wish that they would state that a little more boldly as opposed to hiding it in fine print in the terms and conditions that you have to accept before you register.The Facility: It's a brand new gym. While I don't have any personal experience with any of the machines, they all seem to be in working order. The gym itself is rather spacious and comes equipped with dumbbells up to 120 lbs in 5-lb increments, along with all your standard flat/incline/decline benches. They also have the assisted dip machine, several treadmills and ellipticals, ropes, and a plethora of other machines that I did not mention.Other Amenities: I haven't actually been in, but I believe there's also a mini-theater in the gym that plays a movie-of-the-day on repeat where members can go in and relax. I recall Safe House being one of the movies that was being played.I think they also have a juice bar with your typical overpriced gym drinks.The men's locker room is well-maintained.Complaints: 1) Members have a tendency to not place equipment back where they got it (e.g. dumbbells are in the wrong places).2) The last time I was there using one of the machines, one of the "personal trainers" came up to me and practically kicked me off of it because he wanted to use it with his trainee. Literally, he said, "how many more sets you have because we're coming here right now." That was rather rude.Overall, I'm satisfied with my decision to join Retro Fitness. Hopefully the upcoming months won't bring disappointment.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,2/16/2013,132,469,5,7,6>Calling all seafood lovers!  Huge portions with quality food for a great price.  Note: It is helpful if you speak Spanish.  If not, I think you can get away with pointing but you definiately have an advantage if you can converse to ask about the daily specials!Boca Chica is a Dominician seafood joint that also serves chicken, pork and beef.  But why order that when you can order their speciality of seafood?  Their complimentary fish soup is so tasty that I didn't even want to order anything else.  In fact, the first time I came here I just ordered a bowl of their fish soup with a side of rice.  Very hearty and satisfying.  You have to ask the lady in the front what kind of fish they have for the day.  If they have grouper-go for it.  Amazing, fresh and tasty.  They also have ceviche and shakes so go crazy here because this place is a secret gem for delicious affordable seafood.I am so glad that my colleague introduced me to this place.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,2/15/2013,545,1338,13,20,20>Fancy brunch in Queens. This is where you should take all your out of town guests or the parents.The Astor Room was the "it" restaurant of 2011. Now it's just a reliable classy place to go. I have been to The Astor Room on three separate occasions for different reasons and had a different experience for each meal.I have experienced The Astor Room for a large party in the party room for big groups, sitting at the bar because getting a table was impossible for a weekend lunch, and for Saturday brunch without the jazz.The Astor Room is excellent for large parties. Even if you share the room with other groups there is still a sense of privacy and The Astor Room gives you all the attention you need. Service is excellent! I'd recommend The Astor Room for special occasions such as birthdays, bridal showers, and baby showers.When The Astor Room is busy, they are busy! Expect an hour wait or so. My group of three decided to not wait it out and just sat at the bar. We were sort of forgotten and it took a very long time to get our food to the point where the wait made us yawn. It's a good thing the manager and bar staff humored us by talking hockey.My most recent meal at The Astor Room was for Saturday brunch. We arrived in the first hour and there was no one there. I hope The Astor Room isn't losing their mojo. I'll chalk up the lack of customers to post hurricane and snow storm woes. After an hour had passed, more people arrived but it was a snoozer compared to the fuss going on for Sunday jazz brunches.Nonetheless, the food has always been excellent no matter when. I love that you get a complimentary Bela Lugosi (bloody Mary) or Guilded Lady (mimosa). It makes brunch the best deal. In reality, even if they didn't give a free drink it'd still be a good deal at approximately $10 per person.I recommend the fried chicken, eggs benedict, donuts, granola and Greek yogurt, and Astor Burger. You will really get the most bang for your buck with the chicken or burger. Amazing. I'm still thinking back on my meals. I wouldn't recommend the Astor Disaster. While I don't know anyone who has actually complained about it (everyone I know actually liked it) I just think it looks kind of sad on the plate. Disastrous presentation.Everything else about The Astor Room is precious and has charm from another era. They even take your coat.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,2/14/2013,20,69,11,11,14>As a decedent of Chilean parents, I take pride in two particular things, Chile has the best wine in South America, and no one makes better sandwich style foods than we do. Enter New York Pão de Queijo. I would gladly lick a sidewalk in Bronx, or worse Brooklyn, to get a free sandwich here. I have come to realize from eavesdropping and talking to people in Brooklyn, that they have no idea how good the food is in Queens (take your pick from the numerous neighborhoods) and my first recommendation to the ignorant is Pão de Queijo.I first explored this utopia of burger sandwiches with my girlfriend, it met three criteria... cute for a date, it was something new, and they had sandwiches/burgers. The staff is scary friendly, like why are you being so nice to me friendly. They're willing to answer questions and explain what exactly the weird things on the menu are. The menu is my worst nightmare, in a good way, everywhere I looked there was sausage, jamons, fried eggs, and bacons. If you're not prepared you can have a panic attack, consider yourselves advised. My first ever sandwich burger from Pão de Queijo was the Minas burger. The view is spectacular... layers of brazilian sausage, cheese, a burger patty, tomato, potato sticks, and lettuce, embraced by mayo slathered buns. The first bite was a life changing moment, I no longer hated Brazilian soccer and even more so I loved this damn sandwich. Add a little bit of the magic aioli sauce and life just seems too perfect. Add their fries and it just doesn't seem possible that the experience could get better, but it does. I encourage playing around with the pattern of your bites, take some fries then bite your sandwich, bite the sandwich take some fries. The perfect accompaniment to this meal is the a can of Guarana Antarctica, for whatever reason it just works. I also recommend the pineapple mint smoothie.Since my first visit I have also returned to try the Calabresa, Pao com Linguica, and the Guloso. Anyone of these and I am sure that any of their sandwiches will satisfy you to delight. These are serious sandwiches, prepare to hibernate. All I can honestly say is that I truly love this place. Nowhere else can my, admitted, "obession" of  sandwiches satisfy the fantasies, the combo of meats is only enhanced by the veggies wedge between the glorious bun. From someone who severely misses the Italian Deli, in Granada Hills California, this place is home for me, making sure that your only other destination requires you to sit and contemplate why it took you so long to visit in the first place. New York Pão de Queijo? Yes, please.a million times.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,12/3/2013,116,655,10,10,11>Taverna Kyclades was my next stop on the official tour before leaving Astoria. Astoundingly, I had never crossed the threshold at what many believe to be the paramount of Greek cuisine in our humble little hood. It was definitely worth the visit.I wouldn't say the ambiance is super special or luxe - if anything, its just very friendly and neighborhoody. Its approachable, affordable, and easy to please almost anyone. Definitely fits the bill for a neighborhood staple.Qian and I decided to order: Grilled octopusSteakGreek shrimpSide of swiss chardWe were served the tasty warm bread with olive oil (and polished off almost the whole loaf!). The grilled octopus had a nice char to it and was tender. It wasn't the best octopus I had, but it was above average. The steak was stellar, especially for the price point. And the shrimp were large and well seasoned. I nearly cleaned the dish with the bread, it was so delectable. The meal may feel a bit heavy however, as portions are diner-like in size and appearance. The meal also came with a complimentary dessert, which was a custard cake with a phyllo top crust. Tasty and affordable! Hooray!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/2/2013,520,724,10,14,16>I visit this library a lot!You will find me inside on the 2nd floor searching for reference and text books or standing just outside the front door eating cheap dumplings or meat-on-a-stick.(The brain need nourishment)This Flushing location is the busiest and most utilized Queens branches in the city; more than the Queens Central Library down in in Jamaica Queens.Only 1 subway train serves this library but dozens of buses will get you here too!There are computers and workforce assistance, thousands of movies and great community center downstairs.There is even a teen room with booth seats and shows movies! (sorry for teens only)Check their calendar.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/1/2013,366,339,20,10,10>I woke up at  7am on a Saturday Morning!! What in gods hellish earth would get my ass up so early? The smell of Foldgers in the morning?, an earthquake maybe?, the second coming of Noah's Ark perhaps? Nope!, reality is, not even a really young and springy booty call can get me up that early in the morning.I got up, maneuvered my limbs one-behind-the-other over to Paris Baguette, and I ate one of their croissants. Now if this were an ordinary croissant this review would end here...What happened was this...My hair erected up to attention, my stomach muscles relaxed, my taste buds woke up, and my tongue hit the gym, literally.I wasn't just eating a croissant at that point, I was enjoying it, partly ingesting, partly molesting...When I lifted my head up to catch my breadth I noticed stares!! They weren't friendly smiles either, people were covering up their children's eyes. Apparently, when I eat croissants, it appears as if I'm french-kissing a whore.When my friends ask me why I don't travel the world with all the bags of gold that I have, I tell them I have Paris Baguette right here in my town. That's practically like Paris all in one place, almost. Mind you this one in Flushing is predominantly Asian, about 99.8% to be mathematically correct.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,11/30/2013,77,112,4,5,4>MP Taverna is CRISP.Questionable move opening next to what seems to be the most popular Greek restaurant in the entire country (Kyclades, overrated much?, still always commanding 3 hour waits). Having lived across the street for over a year now, I was skeptical about what this place was going to be. Construction was going on for a real long time, and it seemed like there was never any progress. At best I thought it was going to be a huge Greek catering hall. But it turned out to be an amazing classy restaurant that has really made this strip of Ditmars Blvd.the place to be. First off the bar is beautiful, going out on a limb and saying that is the nicest bar in all of Astoria. It really does attract beautiful people, dare I say "Manhattanites"?The food is fresh and clean, a more Americanized version of the all the other Greek restaurants in the area.MP is definitely here to stay.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/29/2013,19,95,5,8,3>We're all aware of the lack of good coffee shops in this neighborhood. And worse, the most convenient ones are chains. If I don't brew my own on days that I am most lazy and anything more that 8 blocks away is just out of question.. I go to Dunkin Donuts. It's a sad life. This is Astoria, we are food spoiled. But not coffee spoiled? It just makes no sense. That was then now Salon de Coffee is a short couple of blocks away.I walked past Salon de Coffee a few times while it was in construction, it already looked promising then. So when it was finally open we were so excited! They brew a pretty solid brew. Definitely one of the better brews in Astoria. The owners are very attentive and are ready to give this neighborhood the best. Mention a brew you like and discuss it with them. Maybe they'll get it. The guy seems to be a passionate foodie. I know I went in and made it clear that I want Dough doughnuts. And I don't mean any pressure but I was told Salon de Coffee will get those amazing goodies.The decor is pretty cute. They have mismatched chairs and marble table tops. Nice touches that should be standard. A few people have commented on the music which I find really ridiculous. Honestly, just ask one of the staff members to change to music to suit your preference and they will do it. Good music is relative but in this coffee shop the customer is the boss. Salon de Coffee is like a gift to the rapidly changing neighborhood that is Astoria. Take your computer, get coffee and a pastry and chat with their friendly staff. Free Wifi and good coffee = win.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,11/28/2013,179,443,7,8,7>Dutch Kills Centraal is conveniently located between the 39th Ave subway station and my new apartment. Since moving to this area of LIC, I have been bemoaning the lack of restaurants and bars nearby.  I noticed that Dutch Kills Centraal opened up a few weeks ago and I kept meaning to stop in. Since their grand opening, every time I've walked by the place has been packed. It seems like there are a lot of families with small children. My husband and I finally had a chance to stop in last night. While we didn't try any of the beers, we did order the burger, fries with sriracha mayo sauce, and mac 'n cheese. Everything was good, but especially the mac 'n cheese. The cavatappi noodles were topped with a perfect blend of cheeses and breadcrumbs. Did I mention the mac 'n cheese was amazing? Our server was friendly and attentive, though it did seem like in general the workers are still ironing out a few kinks in their processes. My husband and I will definitely be frequenting this place if they continue to maintain such high levels of food quality and customer service.But yes...I am too curious about what happened to the Windmill Tap & Grill.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/27/2013,757,559,11,13,11>When I was asked to shop with a friend at a new food store, obviously I became excited. Anytime I get to walk the aisles of a food (retail or distribution) shop I have never visited, I do look forward to it, is that odd?Parking was very easy for a Friday late morning shopping excursion and the store was to my inexperienced eyes, rather empty inside. My friend had a list and a timeline, I had neither so off I went to explore the aisles and space caps that lye ahead for my amusement. (IE: poking, reading, smelling and overall examining) Buying in bulk has only been something I have experienced insuch stores as Costco, and BJ's Wholesale which consist mainly of items typically used in the home. As the name of the business outlines, this is the restaurants version of where to purchase in bulk, but on a much grander scale. As I began my journey I kept thinking that from the outside, you can not tell the monolithic size of Restaurant Depot's inside. Without a good memory, it would take some time to recall the location of the items and not to mention the items not on eye level, but atop the erected steel beams that display many goods.The seafood area was my first stop where I stood dead center of, as it is oval in shape and spun like a top. I was astounded and impressed by the prices on such items as top neck clams, Blue Point oysters, lobster and mussels. It really goes to show the markup of the menu price as it relates to the actual procurement cost. As I continued into the meat section I was really taken back by how much meat was in their display racks, staring back at me, or so it felt as some of the cuts had the very identifiable portions of the animal in tact. The smallest amount of pork ribs was 13 Lbs, basically three 12-16 inch slabs which ran under $20.00. While I was perusing the pork shoulders, as I had a split pea soup on my mind due to the subarctic conditions, a young employee asked if I was in need of any help. It struck me as interestingly pleasing as every time I shopped at the Costoc's and B's, I had never been approached for assistance, in fact quite the opposite. And the offers of help did not end there. As busy as these employees were, they were engaging and outwardly looking to go the extra step to ensure customers satisfaction. At one point there were a group of firemen with a three pack of Kingsford charcoal which I could not locate. A stock person came off his forklift and with a forward hand gesture stated "Just follow me" and walked me a half of the way across the store to point out their location. I had to stop the floor manager and express my gratitude for the extra effort put forth and to express how impressive my shopping experience has been thus far.  Although I did not make it to the produce department as I was saturated with visual snapshots and what I hope to come back to purchase, I may need a full day to cover that section.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,11/26/2013,171,248,17,8,7>Am I the only one excited about this place?Look, this is where the old Entenmann's foods go to die. The last chance for someone to take a box of doughnuts home before they really go into the garbage. FOR FIFTY CENTS!!!You can literally buy nearly expired foods for 50 cents here. They have a pretty large selection of really great deals on just over due or almost due highly processed foods. I'm not saying you should just buy all your groceries here, but I did pick up some fantastic red, white, and blue doughnut holes for a buck. Happy Independence Day!You can also get a 2 liter soda for $1.79 all the time. So if you really feel shitty about yourself you can come get a pack of doughnuts, a cake, cookies, soda and some english muffin for the next morning all for under $5. High Five!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,11/25/2013,115,200,14,15,16>Winter is coming. You can feel it by the chill in the air, the shortness of the days and the creaking of your bones. Okay, maybe that last part is just me but... Winter is coming. That means that more days than not you will find me walking into a dingy entrance on the left hand side of a mall where its golden days are the days long past as its exterior has not been cleaned in ages. Walking down a bustling hallway and up a short flight of stairs where there are vendors selling dumplings and scallion pancakes. As if you were transported to another place and you were just another character in a Wong Kar Wai movie. You saunter slowly past them because you know that winter is coming. That means the only sure cure to arm yourself against those seemingly endless cold nights is a bowl of warm soup. Not just any bowl. But lamb noodle soup. Balls of dough lay on the counter oiled, resting and glistening as if they has just been expertly massaged by magic fingers they are soon to be given a dizzying dance of stretching and pulling and whirling and rolled into a pot of hot boiling water suddenly tranformed into the perfect chewy hand pulled noodle as long as the days of summer. With a swirl in the salty bath they are then seized and plopped into a bowl awaiting your pleasure with a friendly cast of characters of wood ear mushrooms, black cloud ear fungus, jewel red goji berries, translucent vermicelli noodles, strands of thin long noodles, a handful of chopped emerald green cilantro and flavorful chunks of lamb. This bowl holds a lot of personality. These flimsy white plastic bowls are full to the brim with a flavorful broth that carries the warmth of spring and hearty enough to give you the strength of a lion and the confidence that you will get through another bitter winter night with a clear head and full gut and cure sluggishness and whatever may ail you. Before seating yourself on a plastic table paired with mismatched stools and diving in and immersing yourself in the comforts of your bowl take note of the hot chili oil that is offered. It is as hot as dragon fire and one little sniff a little too close and it will send a shockwave to your brain. They say that a good bowl of soup is like a warm hug and there is a warmth that pervades your being as you drink down the last spoonfuls of the soup. Maybe if the Lannisters and the Starks hugged it out over a bowl of lamb noodle soup then there would be less bloodshed and tears. If you like mead with your lamb meat this place is also BYOB. There's nothing like pulling a cold Sapporo tallboy out of your jacket pocket to complement your warm soup but other cans of popular sodas and soy milk can be had in the freezer next to the garbage. In case you need to whet your appetite they have trays of crunchy, chilled, pickled dishes like the pickled potato and pickled seaweed that you can order as an appetizer. In case there is some miracle that you do not finish your soup pour it into the strainer next to the garbage can and chuck your bowl into the other garbage. It would help if you spoke the language, mandarin that is, which I do not, but a few hand gestures and pointing at the sign above the counter, they pretty much know why you are here anyways. For the lamb noodle. Just let them know if you want to go big or go small.I believe this tiny shop in such a squalid, unremarkable place is what started the popularity and demand of lamb noodle due to their tv fame which has prompted a price hike but it is still very inexpensive and any person who saves a few coppers will be able to get a bowl. What draws people like Anthony Bourdain to places like this is that there can be good authentic regional food to be found in even the grittiest of settings and has me wandering in here for more each winter, spring and fall. No idea where these flocks of lambs are being raised to supply meat for this new demand but I am glad that I can come here to this unpretentious place for a good solid bowl of soup noodles. Come in here for a bowl of lamb noodle soup because.. Winter is coming and you need to shield yourself from the cold.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,11/24/2013,73,148,5,7,6>I have frequented this Bakeway forever and never thought to write about it until now. Here's the skinny:-A wide range of teas / coffee-Gloriously decadent sweets in a large display case. I highly recommend the pear brioche. -Books on display are take one/ give one. Cool concept.- Seating is usually available though I do wish the chairs were comfier for longer stays.Tips:They have bagels early in the morning (they actually get them from Brooklyn Bagel and sell them at their storefront -- we asked!) but tend to run out in the early morning rush. So, if you want a bagel, get there before 9am.Credit cards are accepted, but they have a minimum so if you only want to stop in for a cup of joe be sure to have some cash on hand.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,1/3/2013,108,1039,5,10,9>I've only been here once but would easily come back in a heart beat. Bonus points for being in Astoria.It's big draw is the fact that their classes are $5 a pop and it's in a very convenient location just a few blocks from the train.  The instructor was nice and like many people who've reviewed previously, it is a very non-judgmental atmosphere.It was my first time doing yoga in a class setting in over 10 years so I wasn't sure what to expect. This is a place I felt a beginner, intermediate or advanced person could come without issue.The class does get rather full, but they cut off the entry so you're not packed beyond capacity.  That does mean you're probably better off getting here early to make sure you can grab a spot.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/2/2013,422,494,11,9,7>Only two things should ever be under a bridge :  Alligators and trolls.  But this stone bridge (more like a miniature tunnel) that covers AA Plaza has some of the cheapest eats in Flushing.Pros : Pork buns (4 for $1.25)Scallion Pancakes (It is crack especially if you get it with that tangy, sweet soy sauce...OMFG.  Don't know if they offer it but don't try without it.)Some other soup varietiesConvenience (it is right next to the LIRR Flushing Station).Cons : Location (it is a very narrow sidewalk and heavy foot traffic area = random elbow jabs from strangers).Smokers alley way (I don't know why smokers congregated in this narrow space but they do.  I don't dislike smokers I just dislike when you smoke and I'm choking on second handed smoke.  Not cool.  It is like drinking someone else's drink with backwash...)Other food options (if you are picking up a quick bite this is the place for you.  If you are expecting a wonderful experience you are sadly mistaken)No Parking ANYWHERE (This isn't like you can stand your car for a brief second, hop out and order to go.  You will get a ticket and your meal will end up being 40-50 bucks more.  Not worth the risk.  If you are a pedestrian then go for it.)
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,1/1/2013,783,346,7,9,5>How good can a bagel be??This was the sort of question pre-Brooklyn Bagel me would have asked.  Now I pity the fool who asks such a question in NYC.   Because really, there are a number of bagel spots that tickle folks' fancy here.   I am not here to say Brooklyn Bagel is superior to Murray's, or Ess-a-Bagel, or David's Bagels, or your local deli.  All I can say is, Brooklyn Bagel does it for me.  Had me at hello.  Completes the soon-to-be-not-so-hidden fat kid in me.   My poison:  Toasted, scooped-out, whole wheat everything bagel with tofu veggie cream cheese.YEAH BUDDY.   Try saying that five times fast.  That's my version of a high maintenance Starbucks drink.  Since I go to Starbucks and order a soy latte, or just plain black coffee, making it WAY too easy on the highly trained barista, this is where I get my customization fix.   And why tofu spread when I am not lactose intolerant?  It's just as thick and creamy  as cream cheese, without being sickeningly thick and filling, and actually tastes nothing like tofu.  Believe.  I didn't even know they would do such a thing like scoop out the inside of their gigantic bagels for you until my roommate texted me her order once -- toasted, scooped out spelt bagel with pumpkin cream cheese.   Also an excellent choice.  Their pumpkin cream cheese tastes like the filling of pumpkin pie.  Or more accurate, fluffy pumpkin cheesecake.  Pumpkin fluff.  The stuff of post-Thanksgiving dinner dreams.  But for breakfast.  Some people scoop out to lower their carb & calorie count.  I do it to increase the  cream cheese to bagel ratio.  Any place that takes a simple food item like a bagel, and inspires me to write bad prose, is worthy of 5 stars.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/31/2012,76,131,7,11,10>Drool-worthy brunch...  I have yet to enjoy The Strand in the evening for its smoked meats, whiskey from wooden bourbon barrels, and honkey-tonk stage, but brunch certainly proves this joint as a legitimate Hill Country-style smokehouse.The biscuits and gravy over a bed of grits were the most delicious I've had in years... maybe ever.   The duck leg confit was exquisite, over braised greens, smoked tomatoes and a potato hash, crowned with a gorgeous easy egg.Our brunch cocktails warmed us like liquid flannel--the hot spiced cider with caramel whiskey and star anise, and a bloody steve (Beam black with bloody mix, smoked broccoli, and sea salt).Only open one week, service was excellent... the food exceptional.Can't wait to build a long-term relationship with this place!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/30/2012,343,884,6,12,7>I suppose that I should preface this review by saying that I fully intend on returning to Danny Brown Wine Bar & Kitchen for a full meal, especially because it is Queens' only Michelin-rated restaurant.On a Friday night, when I don't feel like trekking into the city for a libation, Danny Brown will now become my go-to wine bar.  The prices are actually really reasonable, with many of their wines by the glass under the $10 price point.  I ordered a cheese plate with a selection of three cheeses ($18), which came with bread and a fig compote.  I also ordered two sides, mixed olives ($1) and almonds ($1).  This was the perfect small meal to share with another person.The service was simply spectacular.  Our bartender was wonderful, calm, and friendly.  He spoke to us about which cheeses we liked best and why.  When he noticed that we were running low on bread, he immediately brought us a new basket, with no extra charge and without having to ask.  This seems like a minor detail, but these small things are what separate mediocre restaurants/bars from the rest.DBWB is small and cozy, with just enough tables and bar seating to make this space feel intimate and not crowded.  With dim lighting and low music, DBWB is the perfect date spot regardless of whether it's a first date or your 30th anniversary.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/29/2012,83,197,4,9,6>Ah, going through an Italian meal without the usual spaghetti and meatballs feels satisfying. I feel more immerse with the cuisine and avoid the stereotypical aspects that could lead to food boredom. Tuscan Hills is the place to eat to get a taste of a different side of a home-cooked Italian meal. We ordered: Calamari Fritti ($10.50)These fried squid rings aren't your usual tiny refrigerated rings. They give a generous amount of decent sized calamari. Also it went great with the marinara dipping sauce. (7/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/tuscFettuccine Mare e Monti ($18.50)Homemade fettuccine with shrimp and mushrooms. A little under seasoned so it made it taste average. And the pasta was a tad tough. (7/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/tuscPappaedelle Sienesi ($17.50)Ribbon pasta sprinkled with little pieces of Italian bacon. I was kind of disappointed that it didn't have that much bacon on it but the pasta as a whole had enough flavor. (7.5/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/tuscCacciucco all Gri ($25.50)This is the restaurant's centerpiece dish. Tuscan Hill's famous seafood pie is a must try. As soon as the cover of the pie is lifted, the aromas of the clams, mussels, shrimp, squid, and fish hit your nose and brings a smile to your face. The taste just enhances that feeling. The broth absorbed the flavors of the seafood and they made it a little spicy to counter the fishiness. This was satisfying to eat and the leftover soup made a great dip. A bit pricey but it's worth a try. (8.5/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/tuscGood service and I love their kitchen being in the open so we can see the food being cooked. Each dish tasted homemade and unique which seperates this restaurant from other Italian places. I still can't get the Cacciucco out of my head.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/28/2012,315,250,11,14,10>Buddy might be the cake boss of "Carlos bakery" in Hoboken New Jersey, but Joe's Sicilian is the cake boss of Bayside NY!Let me tell you something, Joe doesn't need a reality show to prove to you or anybody else that his cakes are phenomenally good.The cannoli filled cakes and pastries are out of this freaking world delicious!  The lemon drops, lobster tails, Sfogliatelle and fresh baked breads are truly awesome!I know Joe bakes for many restaurants in the local area, so you know they gotta be good.If you have or are planning a special event, Joe can make a cake to order.  One time I ordered a cannoli filled chocolate cake.  My guests wanted to eat the cardboard backing the cake was sitting on, oh yeah, it's that good!Can you find a better Italian bakery in the Bayside area? FUGGED-ABOUT-IT!!!!!And if you do, Me, Sal, Tony and Vinny are gonna pay you a little visit, Capiche??
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,12/27/2012,37,39,6,7,6>For a special meal with my wife and a good friend, we decided to return to our new favorite Queens neighborhood, Long Island City.  We chose Alobar, for the location and the yelp reviews.From the very beginning, the visit/meal was perfect. We arrived a few minutes before they were holding a bourbon tasting. We immediately regretted that we hadn't known in advance - we would have brought other friends as well.  But that wasn't the only reason the visit was good - the maitre'd made certain we were seated far away from what was going to become the large party, so we could enjoy ourselves without all the additional noise.We decided to dive through the starter menu, punctuated by the Mac & Cheese  "Carbonara" (four cheese blend, pancetta, with a poached egg - rich and and creamy). For acidity, we had the Citrus Roasted Beet Salad, which made my beet-loving companions very happy. While it's not a favorite of mine, the salted pistachios and goat cheese with the arugala went really well with the...Roasted Bone Marrow. Yeah, not those little pipes of marrow, but a huge cow femur split lengthwise, with toast.  We thought it could have used a bit more salt, but hey - season to taste worked. (I was a little frustrated by the tomato jam, which could have been minced a bit more.)  It was heavenly.We also ordered the ginger glazed baby back ribs, which were wonderfully, fall-off-the-bone meat, and not nearly too fatty.Our server, Katherine, was awesome. I appreciated that when we ordered, she asked whether we wanted everything together, or brought when it was ready. She was also friendly, funny, but never imposed herself into our conversation. We felt totally taken care of, and never rushed.How well taken care of? When we ordered dessert (goat cheese cheesecake with plum compote and the adult fluffernutters with melted belgian chocolate), our waitress added the bread pudding with salted caramel. On the house. It was the best bread pudding I'd ever had - light, flavorful, and beautifully toasted on the edges.And finally, the bill was well within our expectations. Not outrageously pricey, and for the quality of the food, it was amazing. Alobar is definitely on our list for special dinners, celebrations, and on a whim.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/26/2012,307,372,9,9,10>I stopped in here because I was kind of hungry that day and heard about their lunch buffet for $9.99.   Its probably a first in Flushing to have a lunch buffet at a Dim Sum restaurant.   The lunch buffet has Dim Sum, seafood (crabs, lobster claws), soups, congees, veggies, desserts, sushi, cooked to order items (e.g. cow stomach), peking pork chops, fish balls, steamed buns, etc.Dim Sum - they usually have an option to have Dim Sum or the buffet.   The Dim Sum carts usually make their rounds and drop off some of the dishes at the buffet.Seafood - they had crabs on the day that I went.  The lobster claws are water logged, but there is something to eat and decent for the $9.99 price.    I got the impression the crabs were dead but its not like the other seafood buffets in the less than $30 range.  This place isn't a sushi seafood buffet but more of a Chinese Seafood buffet with Dim Sum.  They are kind of different animals.  If you are expecting a Minado or Mizumi you will be disappointed .  Expect a Chinese buffet with some things a little higher quality and catered to Chinese people.Seniors - be careful with them.  They will elbow and push you for the the items they think  have value.  With some growing up in a time a famine I try to be understanding.   At first I had trouble balancing my respect for elders and the last steamer of shrimp dumplings. Sorry, I didn't even get one today and you and your friends had a couple already.Environment - The place is comfortable and service was good.   The customers are mostly Chinese seniors, but this is common on a weekday.It isn't bad for $9.99 but don't expect this to be the Cadillac of buffets. They will automatically add a 15% tip on the bill.   Do what the locals do and be there a little before the lunch buffet opens at 11:30am.  3.5 stars.They also offer a buffet for dinner but its in the $20-$30 range.  The restaurant also offers Hot Pot in the $30 range.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/25/2012,29,97,5,8,7>Chinese people open tons of supermarkets but they never bother to spruce them up and have them nicely decorated like the way that the Japanese or Koreans do. However, I'm noticing that the newer Chinese supermarkets are slowly becoming more aesthetically pleasing. (Great Wall Supermarket on Northern Blvd. next to city hall for one, as well as Sky Foods at Sky View)This particular supermarket adheres to mostly American standards. The aisles are wide and the supermarket itself is huge! The selection is fairly complete with American and Chinese groceries. (They even have a lot of Korean items to boot) They also have a pretty good selection of Asian cosmetic products on sale too (With testers!) making this place the perfect place for one stop shopping. One thing that's most impressive is that the supermarket feels superbly clean. I don't know if this will last since they are fairly new, but for the meantime... it feels so clean and nice.All in all a great supermarket... I can't really think up of any negatives aside from the fact that their logo and signage somewhat doesn't match the good aesthetics of the supermarket itself.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,10/14/2013,157,189,8,7,7>I am ashamed to admit that although i have lived a large portion of my life in Fresh Meadows, I actually forgot about this place. I know, I know...I'm an idiot.  I mean remember coming here way back in the day with hundreds of bottles and cans to cash in for some money for the week ( That was before the 90 yr old Asian dude that stalks my recycle bin started at it and pushed me out...LOL) I remember coming here when I turned 21 and stocked up, I remember coming here when I got my first apartment and had a kick ass party..........and then went back the next day to cash in the bottles because I was broke :) I guess beer has not been on the brain as Scotch has been taking up most of my time nowadays.  I was reunited with Kissena Beverage when I needed some brews to take to a 1 year old's birthday party........Now don't judge me, it wasn't for them.......It was for the adults......so we could drink in the parking lot.  ( see, much better...and yes I am north of 30 yrs old, why do you ask?)Seriously though if you need beer or soda and you live within driving distance, you must go here. They have tons and tons of great beers at great prices and the staff  (including "Mrs. No Days Off" in her plexiglass fortress) are always super friendly and helpful.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/13/2013,262,613,12,13,9>Motivated by a desire to undo the damage of the previous night's oil slick of a slice, on Sunday I sought pizza redemption. That foul wedge of misery was threatening my entire well being and I desperately need the dough of happiness to rise again.Enter Grimaldi's, scion of the Brooklyn legend, with branches spreading like trees across this green earth. Douglaston, Queens managed to secure a location despite there being a rather grim Aldi's in the Rego Park Center. (It's not that bad-- the Aldi's,that is, not my pun).Douglas-what ? Douglas-where? Fortunately, my GPS tells me how to get there. (By foolishly suggesting the Grand Central to the CIP to the LIE. Blasted highway preference setting!)But once there, where do you go? This is pizza for the Morlocks as you'll need to enter the subterranean world of parking for the Macy's, Fairway and other shops that compose the Mall. You aren't fully submerged as daylight and rain will remind you of what the surface of the earth is like. And once inside Grimaldi's you'll be focused on the pie, not the lack of sky.If you don't like Brooklyn lines, tourists or Manhattan newbies, this is your Grimaldi's. Remove the name and you'd think this was a local hangout, not the latest installation of the pizza empire.Like a Jim Camp corporate strategy book, Grimaldi's starts with no: no credit cards, no slices, no reservations (I miss that show) and no delivery.To which I'll add: No Problem and No Wait!The menu sat upon the red and white checkered tablecloth but there really wasn't any debate as to why we were there; not for a salad (though available) but for a pizza, a large pizza that the menu claims is ideal for 3-4 people. (Try 2, with one being extremely hungry and filled with pseudo-religious fervor to undo the wrongs of the previous night, a one man crusade to take back his remembrance of pizzas past!)We ordered a large pie with mushrooms and meatballs. Our sodas arrived in bottles, perfect for taking out of the restaurant afterward. And then I saw it, the circular platter of destiny, placed in front of my dilated pupils, my heart racing and sweat forming on my forehead. The flower duet from Leo Delibes opera "Lakme" (Otherwise known as that song from a British Airways commercial) is what I set this epiphany to, a calm dignity as I survey the never ending fields of dough, sauce and toppings, a flat earth that Columbus would eat up with gusto.Lift. Bite. Bliss. Redemption. The firm crust, the gentle toppings, the feeling of satisfaction while staring at the empty platter, all of these elements contributed to the restoration of my faith in pizza producing humanity. The mushrooms and meatballs swirled together into a yin-yang duality, the four corners of the pie a mandala of mozzarella and it was good. Sauce, the red and primal, sweet and tempting, the sea from which life and flavor emerge, the mother of this Pizza Child who gives His life so we may rest in piece. (And have another)My faith restored, my journey to the underworld of the Douglaston Mall complete,  I ascended back to the world of the mortals, having rescued my love of pizza from the death grip of grease. Fortunate are those who may experience Grimaldi's pure of heart and appetite, unspoiled by the savage slice peddlers of Sixth Avenue. For the Fallen, this is where you must go to remember what pizza can be, will be and always will be, a circle of nature's bounty on a checkered tablecloth with a picture on the wall of Bill Cosby smiling.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/12/2013,274,370,6,15,8>If you don't know, now you know. This is one of the best bakeries in NYC, not just Queens but ALL OF NYC. Yes, it's in the middle of no where, at least it's in a strip mall with a ton of parking. I have been here countless times since it's a 10 min drive from my house. The bakery makes some really great products and since it's Queens, it's cheaper than the city, even though the prices are going up. Their individual as well as whole cakes are fantastic.The bakery is co-owned by two former Waldorf Astoria employees. Chef Jean-Claude Perennou, from Brittany, was the executive pastry chef at the Waldorf Astoria and Chef Gnanasampanthan Sabaratnam, from Sir Lanka, was a sous chef.The food:Croissant- excellent, excellent, excellent. Buttery and flaky on the inside, crispy on outside. Heated is preferred.Tiramisu- one of the best tiramisus I've had, it comes in this little plastic see through cup. It's more about the cream and chocolate shavings than anything else. The layer of cake is just a simple sponge cake, the coffee flavor is not too pronounced and there is no strong liquor taste which I hate in my tiramisu.Espresso 31- Great cake, but I think the taste of the whole cake has better flavor than the individual. It's a chocolate sponge cake with milk chocolate mouse with some chocolate crunchies and a brownie bottom. Sorry for not being technical. yelp.com/user_local_photyelp.com/user_local_photSt Honore- I would call this a cream puff cake, It's mini cream puffs on top of what is essentially a large cream puff. It's puff pastry with vanilla cream with a harden layer of caramel with a mini cream puff on top. GENIUS!!! yelp.com/user_local_photyelp.com/user_local_photStrawberry Cake- strawberries are incredibly fresh with vanilla sponge cake and a British Butter cream. I usually order the whole cake versus the individual. yelp.com/user_local_phot yelp.com/user_local_photCreole- this used to be my favorite dessert until I found the other stuff. It's one of the prettier cakes though. It's a chocolate sponge cake, white & dark chocolate mousse, coffee Syrup, and thin layer's of ChocolateNapoleon- it's an OK Napoleon, nothing great really.Praline Crunch- they only sell this as an individual dessert. It's essentially a chocolate mousse cake with shards of pralines. Great contrast in textures, excellent flavor. yelp.com/user_local_photLemon Squares- this used to be my favorite thing, it kinda resembles key lime pie. I do, however, hate that candied rind thing on the corner that looks like shrimp poop.Bread Pudding- it's leftover croissant bread pudding. Very rich but heart attack good.Chocolate Mouse Cake- it's a chocolate sponge cake, vanilla syrup, with dark & milk chocolate mousse. This is a good dish if you are one of those people who don't like texture.Apple Strips- this was my dad's favorite thing, I guess old people love it. It was OK for mePecan Pie- got this for Thanksgiving, very standard pie, it was a tad sweet but the crust was very good.Chocolate Chip Cookie with walnut- it's a great chewy center and crunchy on the outside type of cookie and for a buck and change, Oh mommy
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,10/11/2013,12,209,5,6,5>Everyone here seems to be really nice. We stopped by just to check it out with no intention of singing, and one guy showed us all of their amenities and specials. We went back about a month later and the same guy remembered us. I don't read or sing in Chinese but they have enough updated English songs with their real music videos (instead of the weird 90s women posing at the beach that other places show) to make me want to go back. The bigger rooms include private bathrooms, but even the smaller rooms are big and comfortable! They have a touch screen for song choosing that shows previews of videos before you even select it, which is convenient. They serve Kung Fu Tea and some pretty random food, like brie cheese & apples. It was $19/hr on a Thursday afternoon and as with other Chinese karaoke places, you can get as much food as the amount you paid for, for the karaoke.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,10/10/2013,597,627,11,15,13>Ahhhhhhhhhhmazing is the very first word that comes to mind when I think about "Tacos Al Suadero"'s delicious tacos!Their meat is perfectly succulent and prepared  - my personal favorites include steak, al pastor and chicken...in excactly that order :).Aside from being delicious, employees here are friendly, the food is crazy cheap and authentic - can't imagine why anyone wouldn't give this place a full 5 stars. Did I mention their TACOS ARE AMAZING?!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,10/9/2013,102,568,11,12,12>WOW, my first Peruvian meal!!!Like other fellow Yelpers, I've heard all about Pio Pio's famous chicken but never had a chance to try it and prove it for myself.  Then Pio Pio's name came into mind one day when I was thinking of a place to celebrate my birthday.  My sister was like, "let's go!" because she's also heard good reviews of their chicken.  So on a Friday night, my Sister, Brother-in-law, fiancé, and I arrived at 7:00pm sharp for our reservation.  Good thing for reservations!  The place was filled with hungry customers who did not reserve and the waiting line was out the door half an hour after we were seated.  To my surprise, this Pio Pio is huge!  Big restaurant!  Lots of tables.  Definitely good for large groups and special occasions like birthday celebrations.  Nicely decorated with large canvas paintings around the restaurant.  Hip music in the background.   Customers seem to be mostly families with children.  The dishes are meant for family style because the portions are quite BIG.  (Just be prepared to get stuffed lol)Chicken:Fresh!Moist and tender dark meat but.. somewhat dry white meat.Well-seasoned though.The green sauce is amazing.  It goes perfectly with the chicken.  A perfect pair!  Reminds me somewhat of a pesto sauce.  Spicy.  Tip:  Use moderately.    ***I loved the Pio Pio birthday experience!   Well, you may disagree, so you must try it for yourself.Note1:  The staff clap their hands when they bring out the birthday cake!NOTE2:  Make reservations ahead of time.  There is a long wait for tables without reservations.  Order a Peruvian beer or sangria while waiting.  They have a full bar!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,10/8/2013,147,108,4,8,6>Here's what we ordered: -Meat samosas: comes with two pieces. Definitely deep fried. Packed full of flavorful meat and green peas. 4/5-Cucumber/tomato yogurt sauce: My fav sauce, goes soooo good with everything! I'm not a 100% but I think it was called "raida." 5/5-Chicken tikki masala: Our favorite of the night. Happy we tried this based on recommendations from other reviews. This is a must try here. 5/5-Lamb with mushrooms: I found this to be a bit lacking in flavor compared to the tikki masala. Soft chunks of lamb with mushrooms. The sauce could be spicier. 3/5As far as the spicyness issue as other yelpers have noted, we ordered our dishes "regular" spicy as per our waiter. Apparently this means "no spice" because we didn't taste any spicy ness at all! Next time we will definitely get "spicy" or maybe even "extra spicy?"Service was a bit rocky for my taste. We were seated and had to wait about 3 min to get menus (wtf?) while our waitor was getting our water ready and doing other things...Hello! If you sit me down, give me a menu! I don't want to waste time staring at you while you walk around aimlessly. Our waters were filled very promptly. We asked for our check and this also took a while for it to come to us (around ten min). This again was confusing for me. On the bright side, the waiters did make feeble attempts to make conversation which was appreciated. Overall, I would def come back here for the lunch special...mm. Can't wait!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/7/2013,1196,94,15,10,7>My night at Riverview couldn't have been more beautiful. The wonderful view complimented the beauty of my girlfriend, her eyes just took me away on a stroll of a river glowing from the moonlight with the city standing tall in the background.Here's a little background before I start my review. I've been with the love of my life since 2011, she's the yin to my yang. Ever since then, we have never been on a real dinner date. She's a really busy girl, so once she told me she had time on a Saturday night my heart pounced at the suggestion.Step 1: I Yelped all the romantic restaurants from Queens to Brooklyn, bookmarked the really nice ones.Step 2: I pretty much drove restaurant to restaurant, checking if it was worth taking her there and finding out where had available reservations.Step 3: Settling down with my favorite one and making that reservation.Step 4: Go shopping for some new clothes to wear that night, so I could show her I'm willing to do anything to step up and impress her.Step 5: Make the rest of the night ours, cause my girlfriend is definitely worth it.Getting my reservation here was no problem, even though this place was booked for a wedding in the main dining room. The manager saw me wandering and snapped her staff to attention, she told them to make sure to help me to the best of their abilities. This really made me feel good about the place because I came in with sweatpants and a t-shirt, I'm glad they weren't bias and try to push me away because of how I looked. The staff answered all my questions, I even asked for candles to be on the tables and was told not to worry because they will be there. They even went a step further to inform me which areas had a lot of smokers on a regular Saturday night, enough though I didn't ask. That helped a lot, because the GF and I don't smoke. I got the perfect table I wanted, with a perfect view of the pier and water.There's not a lot of traffic passing by, it's a quite place away from the hustle-bustle of the city. This restaurant is by a main street in an area that is under heavy development, so it should be expected that there isn't much street parking. I see no reason to complain about that, instead I choose to find the next closest place to park which was a parking lot about half of a block away. The sign there said $10 per hour so that's not too bad, considering the location, plus I'm willing to pay anything to spend more time with my girlfriend. She's definitely my good luck charm because when we came back later, the parking attendant told us that it's actually $10 in general not per hour.Our dinner, overall, was on point. In less than a minute after being seated, the bread and butter were placed on the table, then the wine menu following that. For appetizers, we ordered the scallops. As her main course, my GF ordered a prime steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli. I ordered something that just popped out the page, the lobster ravioli. I'm the type of guy who always tries to avoid the same thing he always gets, which is pasta, but I love it so much I nearly almost always end up getting it. For dessert we got the tiramisu, which the GF knows I've been dying to try.The scallops were delicious and juicy, the cauliflower puree and tangerine sauce gave it that perfect zing. My future wife is definitely the best, she gave me the bigger half of her last scallop.We are alike in the fact that we both like our steaks well done. When it got to the table it was well done but not to the way she likes it, so we sent it back and it didn't take long for it to be returned. Now, that is what you call a prime steak, it was really well done and still had much flavor.My lobster ravioli was a great choice, it was just delicious. That lobster sauce was too perfect, not too thick or too thin. I fed one to the girlfriend and she loved it. I definitely recommend that to anyone who comes here. The tiramisu was pretty good, but I would have preferred a larger piece.Overall, this is a nice restaurant to take that special someone out for dinner. It's nothing too fancy but it is very romantic and gives a good vibe. There's a pier across the street and is very clean, it is very intimate and a perfect setting to hold her closer. Taking my girlfriend here was really worth it, everything about her is beautiful, she looked so pretty and her eyes sparkled in the moonlight. I will always bookmark this place in our memories as our first dinner date.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,10/6/2013,254,454,8,12,9>Wow would be an understatement for this place.I chose this place over Sushi Time because of the sheer number of reviews that were written. Over 260 reviews for a sushi place in Forest Hills? This place has gotta be special... and special it was, indeed. I thought I had eaten fresh sushi in the past, but never as fresh as Sushi Yasu. The sushi was served room temperature - a good indicator that the sushi is fresh, and it melted as soon as I put it in my mouth. I ended up ordering the Chirashi and wondered why it was so ridiculously expensive, but the price was definitely justified by the freshness and quality of the sushi.Need more validation? The rice for the chirashi wasn't just ordinary white rice, but they mixed it with seaweed and cooked fish to add to the taste. Moreover, I HATE salmon and squid sashimi. I think it's disgusting. But after having salmon and squid at Sushi Yasu, I realized that I've been eating crappy salmon and squid this entire time. I've never had squid melt in my mouth before like that. Warning: the prices are steep. If you want cheap sushi, go anywhere else. If you want extremely good sushi, go to Sushi Yasu.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,10/5/2013,364,373,5,10,8>I love to write about solid neighborhood restaurants. They are the backbone of the community. Great price. Good food. Very convenient. Pollos A La Brasa Mario fits this model in Astoria. Serving delicious rotisserie chicken.I have been to Pollos A La Brasa Mario a few times for eating in as well as take out. I have always had the same meal, their 1/4 chicken combo with rice, salad, french fries and consomme. Their rotisserie chicken is hands down delicious. Moist. Well season. Very flavorful. I have other chicken places that I love, but Pollos A La Brasa Mario does a consistent job with their cooking procedure for their chicken. Rice, salad and french fries are very standard sides. Standard white rice. Standard frozen fries. Standard romaine with shredded carrots. Actually very boring. Consomme, this is a HOME RUN. Outstanding to very outstanding. This was one delicious soup. Now, Mario's consomme is not your traditional clear broth consomme. This was one hardy soup. Packed with potatoes, hearts, chicken gizzards, white meat in a richly flavored broth. It was as good a soup as I ever had. Top 3 ever. Delicious.Overall, Pollos A La Brasa Mario is a go to place for some good chicken. It is very affordable meal for a 1/4 chicken combo: $6.95 for lunch and $9.50 for dinner. Chicken is always flavorful and moist. Yum.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/14/2013,211,584,8,15,10>Breaking news: Norma's is now my favorite cafe in my new hood.By a long shot.Here's the why:+Standard cafe selections, with a few "specials"Their menu isn't bombarded with a ton of sugary crap. Simple is oftentimes better.+The baked goods selection is awesome.Biscuits, cookies, mini bundt cakes, cupcakes, turnovers, brownies and a small lunch menu (today lunch menu consisted of a delicious looking salad, hummus plate and 3 different paninis).And they bake everything there! You can see them doing prep in the back...Unlike Chocolatte where everything is made in a toaster oven or in some  yet to be determined location.I tried the Jalapeno Cheese biscuit and it was delicious! Also got the raspberry lemonade (one of their drink specials), which was on the sweet side, but still yummy.+The staff seems awesome. No creepy lurkers. Everyone that walked in seemed like a regular, or was treated like one at least. I think I'm going to become a creepy lurker, because I want these people to be my friends...please!+The music is just the right volume. So many coffee shops BLAST their music. You can't read, talk or even think. Not at Normas. And to boot, their music tastes are awesome. They were playing some great disco hits while I was there.+The WiFi is EASY to get onto. The password is a normal password that is in view.+No air of pretentiousness here. Lots of chairs. I wouldn't come with more than 3 or 4 people though. Although not crowded, it's definitely a cozy shop.So many coffee shops are on this kick of being overpriced and overzealous. While I am often a patron of such places...I will be a regular at Norma's.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,8/13/2013,289,416,9,12,10>It is guaranteed to be the one of the rare fragrant places in Flushing.  As you walk in, the scent of roses wafting in the air greet you, setting the stage for a relaxing time in a well-appointed space. We were lead to one of  the red banquettes and presented with the menus.  I opted for the rose peach iced tea while my friend had the hot peach tea with cream.  We shared the Prince  William afternoon tea which consisted of mini-sandwiches at the bottom, scones in the middle and dessert items on top of the three (3) tiers. For one brief moment, I forgot that I was right in the middle of Flushing, one of the most crowded places in New York.  Service was efficient and gracious too and when the next table broke a glass, they were very nice about it.  I liked that. :) One drawback to Rose House is that there are no restrooms inside and one has to go to the mall to use the restrooms.  I consumed a whole pot of tea and when I went to the mall restroom, it was closed and I had to trek two (2) floors down and wait in line to use the restroom.  I almost felt bad but then I saw a bride who was also lining up to use the restroom which was so bizarre. My thought was that places that serve diuretics like Starbucks and Rose House have no business selling them unless restrooms are readily available to its customer right at their premises.  Then again, the smell of roses and the soothing tea after I came back made me forget all of the annoying restroom business.  Rose Tea House is a breath of fresh air, literally and figuratively.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,8/12/2013,130,274,10,8,9>If you don't walk into a Mexican restaurant and there ain't a dude playing songs non-stop on a jukebox, you ain't at the right spot. Immediately you are given chips and salsa a given that is not a given everywhere. The chips have a hard texture which I kind of prefer and the salsa is really good. Worthy of where I wouldn't feel cheated if I was hit with a salsa surcharge. The salsa has just enough kick without being too spicy and just liquidy enough so it's not too chunky. One thing I will say those expecting to get your food at the same speed of a taco truck, you need to be like Frankie Goes to Hollywood and realxxxxxx. This is the real deal and everything tastes authentic, home style. One item that I really sticks with me was the chorizo torta. They use a hint of cinnamon on the chorizo and the presentation of the torta is just flawless.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,8/11/2013,200,343,6,7,10>Funny, I pass this sweet shop all the time, mainly weekends while driving down Metropolitan Ave after my Trader Joe's Grocery Shopping runs...er I mean my Home Depot Manly Do It Yourself Project Runs. I always thought this was some candy shop that nobody ever goes into.  Who would've guessed such a vintage ice cream shop existed.  They have antique cash registers, bar stools, signs, and decor.  They also make their own ice cream there.  I ordered a Coconut Milk Shake and enjoyed sipping on that while watching my team NY Mets beat the Washington Nationals on an old school Vintage Tube Television.  Harvey pitched another GEM Btw!!! Anyway, I'm so glad that I stopped by to check this place out. It's a nice little dessert spot and everyone is super nice.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/10/2013,98,53,9,10,12>Came to Gregory's with my family, after going to church for our Greek Palm Sunday. Every other place on 23rd ave had a really long wait and we heard that they have amazing food so we decided to give it a try. We got a lot of mezedakia (appetizers), lemon potatoes, fried zucchini and eggplant, giant beans,rice, Greek salad, ad feta and they were all delicious. I love the fact that you can either sit inside or outside and that for my mom and myself there was a ton of vegan options or ways to make dishes vegan. My sister ordered the bacalao fish and she said it was ok and my boyfriend ordered the special of the day which was wild boar and was a HUGE plate. Most definitely will be coming back it's one of the few Greek taverns in Astoria that when you sit at you don't feel like you're in Astoria but in Greece being that the servers are so friendly and the owners are as well.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/9/2013,86,461,5,8,7>If Yeh's Bakery plotted itself in Soho or other posh neighbors, the lines would be out the door (looking at you, cronuts), yet Yeh is like an introvert person who knows he/she is good enough to not delve into the mainstream, bustling competition.  And why not? Despite the gradual price raising (now a basic Boston pie is $19!), people are still lining up for a slice of the pie.  Unfortunately, I was in the area (hospital visit) and while I was there, I might as well stop by the bakery.  Even at 3 in the afternoon, there was a line of people patiently waiting to exchange a Jefferson for their signature pastry.  Their Boston pie is demure - from the naked eyes, it is just two basic sponge cake with a custard cream filling.  What's so special about that? Well, there are two folds - one is the fluffiness of the cake.  With a gentle downward motion of a fork, you could cut the cake with finesse.  Then the cake and cream would just melt in your mouth, like literally.  The second fold is the balanced sweetness, unlike the typical American cheesecake, pies, and cupcakes.  The kitchen in the back is like a magic oven cranking out pie after pie.  I cannot imagine what the workload is like around holidays, especially with such a small operation.  But let's shed light on the other offerings besides the pie, they also do other sweet Asian pastries (mostly Taiwan-style) and savory ones, like the chicken pie ($1.20) and curry puff ($1).  I got the curry puff and it was still warm from the heated lamp.  Good amount of filling, too.  The coffee and tea are just 'there' to quench your thirst after your sugary consumption.  While they sell sliced roll cake, they don't do that for the pie, which is unfortunate for people like me who do not want to buy an entire pie.  Instead, the closest cousin to the Boston pie is their 'special slice cake' at $1.50. It is a square vanilla cake covered with sliced almond.  As expected, it was moist, soft, and light.  It is a low-budget store, so do not expect fancy decor and five star customer service. But the girls get their job done well, so you could efficiently pay up and then off you go with your prize trophy.  Now I am inspired to experience baking a Boston pie...
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,8/8/2013,243,374,10,14,16>The Thirsty Koala is a solid place to grab a meal. The food is good, the service seems very genuine (in NYC, how refreshing) friendly and attentive, plus the decor is simple and clean. We have tried the brunch/breakfast and the diner service (open until 12am on Fridays and Saturday), on both times we left happy and satisfied. The breakfast/brunch was not mind blowing, the omelet was a bit dry for me but overall it was great. For dinner, we tried the Chicken (yay for free range!) with grilled mango and avo salsa napoleon and the Boomerang fish tacos. For some reason I was expecting chicken with bones (dark/white meat) when M. order the dish, instead it was chicken breast. Nonetheless, it was tasty... it was like a toned down, uber natural, earthy-healthy version of sweet and sour chicken. The 2 fish tacos were surprisingly filling, as the waitress have suggested after I asked for her opinion. Which by the way, I appreciate that she didn't try to oversell me when I told her that I'm hungry but not starving. Another brownie point for the service at Thirsty Koala!Next time I visit, I'm planning to try their lamb lollies. Half of the restaurant that night ordered that. Seems like a quite popular choice.So eh.... what is not to like of this joint? p.s. It can get a bit loud on weekend late nights when the patrons are slightly intoxicated.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,8/7/2013,236,311,15,17,19>Can I have it super spicy? LooooooooooooolLooooooooooooolwe couldn't get the ahjumma to stop laughing during the time that our dinner lasted. Looks like she never had such a request from a white girl. Well, after I finished the soup, I honestly hesitate she had such request from many people on the planet ever. I guess that is how things taste over there in Korea. Cause that was really deliciously spicy. That was a burning sensation that went weaker over time. I am not sure if because of my body getting use to it, or if because the makkoli mixed with soju shots that may made my perception to drop off below average.  Whatever the case. Excellent soondubu. The super- red color was the first warming. But even when the spice was on the very high level, I could still taste other flavors in the broth. Deep flavors. Like when things are cook slow to allow the ingredients to integrate themselves. The star of the night however (in part because I have not find this dish in many places) is their ox tail soodubu. The broth is once again extremely flavorful, it taste like meat that has been boiled up to become on a liquid form. They use different cuts of meat and my favorite is their tendon. Excellent choice. The place is an open big space. Great service. And I heard is 24h. I am still dreaming about the tendon of that soup. Definitely coming back
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,8/6/2013,74,85,3,5,3>Trattoria L'incontro is an experience. The food and service are excellent. This is a go to place if you want to impress out of town company or a date. When you think of the classic old school Italian Restaurants from the 1940s and 50s, you think of a place like this. You just don't find this type of quality service or food elsewhere. The menu has a lot of variety, but before you make up your mind- wait for the waiter to list the specials of the day. It's insane how many specials they have. I feel like you need to bring a notebook to write everything down! Fortunately, the waiters are very patient and will repeat any of the categories of specials. They seriously have at least 10 appetizers, 10 soups, 10 meat dishes, 10 fish dishes, and then all sorts of pastas and other items not listed. The variety and detail of the specials is phenomenal. The food is amazing. Their ossobuco is the best I have ever had. It's fork tender and the marrow just takes it over the top. I've had it a few times there and always crave it. Their fish is always perfectly cooked and paired with delicate and flavorful sauces. The Mezze Luna is out of this world! Perfectly tender pasta stuffed with cheese, pesto, and asparagus. Really a stand out dish. Also the mozzarella is a must. Even their bread is memorable and fantastic. The waiters are also very attentive, but not obnoxious. They seem to know the second you finish your glass of wine, but do not hover. They also have wonderful recommendations and don't rush you to finish your meal. Also the chef always seems to take some time to talk to guests and making sure they enjoy their meal whenever I am there. Entrees can be a bit pricey, but you get giant portions and will not leave hungry. Definitely a must in Astoria.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,8/5/2013,203,110,5,8,5>Time to give credit where it's seriously due ! Avg is my favorite vet hospital One thing I find very important is for  veterinarians and the staff to be compassionate and caring , if they are not they are in the wrong business and I will not give them my money ! I've been taking my zoo here for many years ,great doctors , great staff Also helps when you see that they have pretty much the same staff for like ten years  which means they take care of their employees .So now for some recommendations:Sorel ,  You are an angel! Sorel is the manager and a vet tech and groomer , he is great with the animals and he has really been there for me when my dog was near death and Ill never forget that , ever! Having two big pitbulls it's nice to see a tiny female vet  ,( my other favorite Dr. Smith )getting on the floor with them , hugging them and kissing them and just letting them slobber her face , now that my friends is an animal lover and I like to see this type of behavior ! Dr Smith is awesome with all my pets and they love her but lets not forget Dr. Kamer and Dr. Sakal , I can't stress how amazing these Drs really are !!! this is the only place I feel safe to bring my pets too They saved my dogs life twice and I will never ever forget that , also the love my dog received while she was hospitalized was heart warming , I love you guys and will continue to speak highly of this practice and recommend anyone I knowkeep up the great work!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,1/13/2014,628,678,18,19,21>It occurred to me in the middle of a sentence that ended in "I've never had alcohol in Flushing" that I... have never had alcohol in Flushing. Not once. If alcohol is involved, I'm 100% likelier to be in Manhattan or the Korean area further east. I have no idea where there are bars in downtown Flushing, no idea what they're like. To me, Flushing is a food neighborhood populated by communities who are really into eating - not the drinky drink. But one day, I left work, it had been a terrible week, I wanted to hang out, and the idea of sticking around and then having to drag myself all the way home to Queens* afterward was just... blaughhhhh.I was really pleased to learn that Zebra has a big ol' bar and shabu restaurant separate from the karaoke space. Something else I was pleased to learn: Happy hour = half price beers from open until 8pm! (Most drafts are $7-8 regularly.)The "Zebra Iced Tea" that my poor companion got was kind of crappy: a random mix of liquors plus pineapple juice and maybe some other sweetener. However, it somehow got him pretty tipsy, even though he had had two more meals that day than I had at that point. I had to help with his twee drink after I'd finished my beer and was feeling totally normal while he giggled his way to the bottom of the glass. Tsk tsk, Asian men. The salt and pepper chicken was good, and we got a whole bowl of edamame which I polished off because green things are good for you.  Yeahhhhh I like this place. Manhattan will still be more convenient; and the modern, loungey ambiance is not exactly my scene. But Zebra is still really nice, dim, and calming, and a great choice for an aperitif before ravaging the food mecca that is Flushing.*My whining aside, Queens is still the best borough.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/12/2014,86,230,9,9,6>First of all, a momentary word to the not so wise... It's COLOMBIA not Columbia.  Therefore it's Colombian food, not columbian food.  Puh-leeze!  ¿Q'hubo pues?!  Aaaanywho... Great Colombian food.  Very large portions.  Two floors of seating.  Packed all the time (even early birds) but the wait is not long as service & turn-around is fairly quick.  Came in with my small extended family of 16! (Because if you haven't seen an episode of "Modern Family", that's just how we do). The large group of us that arrived first were seated in less than 10 min, while the rest of my family was seated within 5 min of their arrival at tables immediately next to ours.The food was delish.  PLENTY of choices on their menu (more than most other Colombian restaurants).  My only gripe was that the food came out before our drinks did.  But that, I believe, is more of a reflection of the waiter.  On top of that, my kids & I had ordered a tap water with our meals but we were never served it.  He told me once it was on its way but... nada.  Your typical green (ají) hot sauce can be found readily kickin' arse & taking names.  I haven't tried the breakfast here (yet), but I hear that is mouth-watering good too.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,1/11/2014,84,66,10,12,7>You don't go half carnivore at places like Cheburechnaya. You go full on raging carnivore, stuff yourself silly, have a great meal and then eat nothing but vegetables for the next few days. True story. This coming from a borderline pescatarian too. What do you order??? What DON'T you order!!! Our group of 10 decided to family style (YAY!)....Israeli Salad: Yes, I know I'm talking about going full carnivore but hey, I needed my veggies too. Typical Israeli salad consists of chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, onion. parsley, olive oil and lemon juice. What made this Israeli salad better? It came with half an avocado, sliced, on top.  Baba Ganoush: Cheburechnaya has totally changed my palate for baba ganoush. I tried it a few times in the past and it has always tasted like ashtray. I'm not kidding. However, this baba ganoush tasted more like a delicious garlicky tahini. The warm bread we ordered with it made it all the more MMmMMMmMMmmmSamcy with ribs: everyone saw a photo of this amazing looking pastry wrapped, minced lamb meat filled "rib" (it was just a bone the meat filled pastry  was wrapped around, for show) and decided we each had to get our own. The whole table seemed to like it but I'm not going to lie, I took two small bites and then handed it off to the boyfriend. Maybe it was just mine but the minced lamb was chewy and overall it was too doughy and fatty for me. He happily took it off my hands. Lamb Ribs (low fat) Shish Kebabs: I don't know how you make something low fat, grill it and still manage to keep it moist and tasty but two thumbs up for doing just that! Chicken Wings Shish Kebabs: Wings on skewers! Nice crispy skin and really juicy meat.  Beef Skirt Steak Shish Kebabs: really really tender and seasoned well. By the end of the meal I was ready to hibernate. Rest assured I will return. With an even bigger appetite...maybe for some fried beef brains?!PS - Cheburechnaya's lists the calorie count of every item on the menu. I'll leave it up to your tummy to decide if that's a good thing or not...
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,1/10/2014,88,110,8,9,8>I've been here for a few birthdays.  Very good Greek restaurant in the heart of Flushing!!  I love this place!  I've been inside, in the lower level private room....very nice!  I've been outside, in the front patio....pretty cool also. We usually order a few appetizers, sharable for our party.  the mixed appetizers with a few variations is very good.  You will all fight for their ribs!! Sangria is excellent. I've had the pita appetizer which comes w a few different sauces. Very good if your just learning abt the Greek World. For entree I always get the salmon w risotto. Risotto is my absolute favorite. Highly recommend this place. They still have a $5 brunch special on weekends- $5 drinks & $5 entrees!! Hello!! Jump on it! You won't regret it!!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/9/2014,241,315,17,18,15>Oh God. I can't take it. I can't take it when I go into a restaurant and everyone is speaking Northern bro-mandarin and drinking baijiu. One could immediately feel that the English literacy of the entire restaurant, customers included, was absolute zero. It made me want to fob up and revoke my citizenship. The restaurant has the tagline "Northern homey eats" in Chinese but is complemented with a boring "Chinese food" in English, as if its meant to deter all foreigners. Hearing my friend and I speaking English to one another, the host shyly told us to "sit, sit inside" then promptly gave up on trying to speak English and straight up assumed we understood Mandarin. We did. And I saw relief on everyone's faces.The menu has English! Pretty accurate English! Each item is numbered like a takeout menu so even if the waiter speaks zero English, you're still guaranteed a great meal. Now for our crime.1) Lamb with cumin sauce - I hate lamb and I hate spicy food. This dish was lamb and spicy... but I loved it. Its 12 bucks for a huge plate of lamb meat and 4 toasted bread-pouches to put the meat in. Holy. Hell. The lamb was as tender as my ass after failing a math test (Americans will not get this joke) and the taste was absolute heaven. It was not as gamey because of the spice and flavor thats been infused but it still had the distinct smell of lamb-awesome. Highly recommended.2) Mei cai kou rou / pork belly - Served with bokchoi and mantou. Yes you heard me. 8 pieces of mantou surrounding the pork belly invited me to eat it like a sandwich ala Momofuku. Eat it straight or eat it sandwiched. It only proved one thing to me: when you need pork, you still gotta go to a Chinese restaurant. Oh yeah the generous serving of bok choi means you no longer need to order a vegetable dish. More meat = better life.3) Chinese cabbage pork dumplings - I was disappointed they did not have leek dumplings. Then I became happy once the cabbage dumplings entered my mouth. It was falling apart a bit, but probably because I kept dipping it into vinegar like a fobby madman.The service was friendly and they really treat you like family. So regardless of their English level, I think anyone would feel welcome here.I have some Northern Chinese fetish. The whole Chinese-bro thing turns me on and when it is enriched by delicious food, the whole experience just makes me cock my head back in ecstacy and write like a woman (yes you were thinking that). Three plates costed 33 dollars in total. Could have easily fed four people. Oh yeah if you didn't notice, all the meat dishes came with plenty carbs so don't be Southerner tools and order rice. Northerners love their bread. And I love them.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,1/8/2014,118,243,7,13,9>If you know me (at all),  I LOVE pork belly, especially kakuni. What is kakuni? Kakuni is chunks of pork belly simmered in soy sauce, mirin, sake, ginger, and other ingredients for hours. I never thought of putting kakuni into a sandwich so I give 5 stars just for this dreamy sandwich. Joju expanded the boundaries of all bahn mis by putting traditional dishes from other Asian countries besides from Vietnam. My friend was raving about the bahn mi fries so I decided to make a pit stop for a quick lunch. The fries are just okay but the "works" made up for it. Think of nachos but with fries and special sauce (brown sweet sauce?), green sauce, spicy mayo, daikon and carrot pickles, and diced jalapenos. Pretty spicy yet so addicting. Now, the bahn mis. I got the kakuni and my boyfriend got the lemongrass chicken with a runny egg (free with Yelp check in). WOW. The meat is flavorful, bread is toasty, and the pickles are tangy. Major(MAJOR) party on my taste buds. My sandwich wasn't spicy because I didn't know I had to ask for the jalapenos. Still tasted great, plus I already got my jalapeno fix from the fries. The only thing that was a let down was the frozen Vietnamese coffee mocha with whipped cream. Nothing special about it. Definitely will be back to try the grilled porkchops bahn mi, beef bulgogi bahn mi, and the kimchi fries. And if the classic and bbq pork bahn mis are good, this will be my go to spot for bahn mis from now on. Don't forget to check in for the free egg! Might as well spend a couple of more seconds if you're already on Yelp.Thank you Joju for the wonderful bahn mis!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/7/2014,196,204,9,15,13>Came here on Saturday night with a large group.  At the entrance you will see many people waiting for a table, so be sure to make a reservation, because this place does get packed and stays packed throughout the night.  First thing off the bat is most of the patrons are Greek, so you can imagine the food is pretty legit.The service was decent and the food and prices were pretty decent too.  One thing I noticed is that their lamb dishes are tasty, but does not have a strong lamb taste.  It's probably good for people who are afraid of eating lamb for fear of overly gamey meat but this actually did not have enough lamb flavor for me.The octopus and the potato side were the highlights to me.  The octopus was honestly some of the best I have ever eaten.  It was seasoned perfectly, and not overcooked and chewy.  Definitely would recommend getting this.  Everything else was pretty good but nothing to rave about.  Portions are large and for the price and quality this is a home run.  An odd thing is we ordered the large dip platter, which did not come with pita bread.  We asked for enough for 8 people.  What came out were 2 large basket fulls of pita bread.  This was well enough for 16 actually.  I think it was 2 pitas per person cut up.  No complaints though cause they were hot, and delicious and for some reason the every piece you took was still warm even 40 minutes later, and it was in a regular wicker basket. Only problem with my experience was they forgot about the birthday cake, but I think that was miscommunication between who seemed like the owner(an older lady) and my waiter.  They provided us with some free dessert at the end and also comped the 5 coffees we ordered which was really nice of them.The coolest thing about the decor is in the back where there's a wooden frame ceiling with ropes hanging from it to the wall and the exposed brick walls.  Cool stuff.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,1/6/2014,315,250,7,11,10>A little touch of spicy Sichuan heaven.  This little quaint place was the previous home of "Prince noodle house", but now has been transformed to a Sichuan restaurant.For starters try the Braised pork ears and beef lungs, it has got some kick, but it is oh so good!  We ordered the Chinese celery with goose intestines and watercress stir fried in garlic, amazing dishes, simple in presentation but loaded with flavor.Now I love soup and if you love soup like I love soup you must order the spicy pickled cabbage tofu fish soup! This soup is delicious!!! They bring it in a big clay pot and place it on top of a portable butane burner to keep it warm.  My least favorite dish of the night was the Chengdu spicy chicken with hot peppers.  It was beautiful to look at, but difficult to eat.  The dish was chopped up wings stir fried together, so it made eating this dish a challenge with all the bones.  I heard later you can order this dish with boneless chicken.  So next time I have to give it another go. The place is small and finding parking in the local area can be difficult, but if you want to experience some great Sichuan cuisine, its worth the effort!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,1/5/2014,223,77,6,11,8>I've been to the LIC Flea a few times since it opened. At first, I was slightly underwhelmed but I've become a huge fan after subsequent visits. The vendors are eclectic and give a diverse sampling of what Queens has to offer. The actual space seems to be small for the amount of vendors that are there. I don't foresee an opportunity to really grow as the LIC Flea becomes more popular unless it just completely moves to a different location. I was also hoping that they'd be closer to the water, as the general area around the Flea space is a bit grimy looking and full of construction.Clearly, the vendors are the stars of the show. My first purchase was a flask (from SITE, I think?), but every purchase I've made since then has been for food & drink. Here are some of my highlights:- Luke's Lobster: A lobster roll for a little under $15 (I got the full roll, but they also serve a half roll). A perfectly buttered roll, a PILE of delicious lobster meat (JUST the meat!), and an appropriate spread of their mayo. It was absolutely amazing. I don't think they're a Queens restaurant, though, which is slightly disappointing. - Oaxaca Tacos: Their potato poblano taco was great, and worth the $4 for the tiny little thing. A huge burst of flavor.- Butcher Bar: Kind of the superstar of the Flea, to be honest. AND they give out free samples of their brisket. YUM!I'll be interested to see how LIC Flea grows... I think it'll eventually become a big thing!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,1/4/2014,41,92,1,6,3>Was trying to find another restaurant but passed by this one.  My group looked around and decided to try this place out.  It seems to be very popular among the younger crowd (I was there with my family and family friends).  We had a large party so we had to wait about 15 minutes.  The restaurant is quite big and fortunately we were seated in a more comfortable table in the back.  The tables in the front had stools and didn't look very comfortable (especially for someone like me that is short and often has trouble reaching the floor with some chairs).  This place opened up about a month ago and is apparently a chain restaurant created by a popular Korean comedian.We were seated in the back of the restaurant, the many side dishes were already laid out on the table before we were seated.  It was a bit confusing because I was used to having lots of little plates of appetizers, here they were very stingy with them.  We had two tiny plates of kimichi, and a bowl of another type of kimchi with maybe 4 or 5 pieces of cabbage in it.  There were also two small pieces of a pumpkin pancake.  Kind of lame.  This is a korean bbq restaurant, so of course you order meats!  They have two combos: a beef and a pork.  really surprised there are no chicken combos, or a combination of beef and pork together.  There are 2 sizes: a small and a large.  Beef being the more expensive one.  A large beef combo will set you back 90 buckaroos and according to the waitress, a large combo is good for 3 people.  They also have individual plates if you don't want to order the combos.  The prices start from 22 dollars and up.  Although the prices are steep, I thought the quality of the meats reflect the price.  All bbq combos come with all the fixings: the lettuces, the salad mix consists of green onions, bean sprouts, a little bit of onions and the bean paste.  The salad mix is supposed to be eaten with the bbq.  You also have a sweet soy sauce with slices of onions and wasabi on the side.  We ordered a large beef combo and a large pork combo.  The beef combo comes with marinated boneless short ribs, brisket, and your choice of either ribeye or prime boneless short ribs.  We chose the ribeye.  As for the pork combo, there is pork jowl, pork belly, and your choice of pork collar or thinly sliced pork belly.  We choice more pork belly!Whatever combo or meat dishes you order, it comes with steamed egg, corn with cheese, and your choice of kimchi stew or beef brisket soybean paste stew.  I think we got the beef brisket stew.  The meats come pretty quickly and the waitress cooks away.  The quality of the meats were absolutely excellent.  Especially the ribeye.  The watiress asked us how we liked it cook and we made sure she didn't overcook that awesome piece of ribeye.  Even though most of the meats were not really marinated, the natural juices was enough.  The marinated short ribs were excellent, the meat was soft and not chewy at all.  The sweet soy sauce and the salad mix always added some layers of flavor.  Of course, it's not like the AYCE kbbq places around the area, where you eat till your belly pops.  So a lot of people think it is not enough.  Two large combo actually fed our party of 5 adults and 3 teenagers.  The meal also comes with rice, great way to go with the meats.  The stew was yummy, with chucks of meat and lots of vegetables in it.  Spicy but not too spicy.It came out to about 185 bucks before tip.  So with tip, it was about 20+ per person.  Not too bad for a meat-centered meal.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,5/3/2014,134,610,5,12,7>Welcome to the party pal!  Good food, solid beer selection, small cute well-aged place.I came to LIC right after Lounge 47 departed and never got a chance to check it out.  I remained disgraced and was prepared to commit seppuku months later, stopping just short of inserting the sword into my abdomen when I saw that a new place was coming to that same storefront.Every time we've been here, it's been crowded with either a wait or just getting the last table, which is great for a town that often has lots of open tables because the people who live in the tall buildings by the water don't go to the restaurants 3 blocks away.  The craft beer selection is pretty solid - I can always find 1 or 2 items on draft which are worth partaking, especially there 1 and done keg series with widely varying options available.The dining is pretty good as well.  Fries are solid, the lamb meatloaf was quite tasty, and the fish and chips did the job.  Brunch was nice as well - nice and fluffy omlette and quality french toast.While Woodbines has an outdoor space, they can't use it so it might as well not exist - neighbors bla bla bla.Net net, Woodbines is a quality addition to the LIC scenery for both food and the drinking.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,5/2/2014,223,77,10,17,10>Many of the churrascarias in Astoria/LIC are pay-per-pound. After searching on Yelp for a rodizio-style place I ended up on the basement floor of a Holiday (férias?) Inn and I could not be happier with the selection. *PROS*PRICE POINT - I frequent another churrascaria in midtown that is significantly more expensive. I often have to overeat at that place to the point of a stomach ache just so I can get my money's worth. With Rio Grande's price set at around $20 (plus gratuity + tax), I don't feel pressured to eat copious amounts of meat and can have a regular-sized meal.BUFFET - Given the price, I wasn't expecting much from the hot and cold buffet bar. Their options were surprisingly robust and all of the items had great flavor. Loved the yuca, white rice, & black beans. They were perfect accompaniments to the meat. My friend's favorite dish from the buffet was the pasta and I'm kind of reevaluating our friendship because of it. LOCATION - I live in Astoria and this place was easy to get to (right off the train). Also, there's the novelty/quirky factor to it being on the basement floor of a Holiday Inn. Also, if I tried hard enough, I could probably find where they hide the hotel soaps & shampoos and steal them. ATTENTIVE STAFF - Everyone was lovely! Large groups came in, as well. They were able to cater to all of us.*CONS*GRATUITY - No matter what size your party is, the gratuity is around 18-20% (I had a few caipirinhas so I couldn't really do accurate math on our bill). NOT ALL THE MEATS ARE A SLAM DUNK - I definitely had some dry pieces of meat and it seemed as if most of these pieces were on the medium well/well side (I like it more rare). As I left (and the place got busier), there were a lot more options coming out of the grill, so maybe I should've stuck around!I'll definitely be back!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,5/1/2014,126,111,5,7,6>This is strictly a review for their smoothies and service.  I have yet to eat any meals here so far, but I definitely want to be back.I went there the other day with someone who really likes fruit and smoothies.  He handed me the menu, and I first resisted, then expressed some confusion."I don't usually like smoothies.""Just look at it.""I don't understand.  Are these smoothies or milkshakes?  They sound like milkshakes.  What makes these smoothies?"So maybe I have no idea what milkshakes or smoothies are.  I generally don't like things blended that don't have vodka in them.  I couldn't get over the "smoothie" that had chocolate ice cream, chocolate syrup, and peanut butter as its ingredients, so I ordered that.  I watched the manager prepare the first one - the strawberries and banana slices in the blender looked very fresh and vibrant, so I was already intrigued.  When he brought over the smoothie, he handed me a glass with 2 or so ounces of the pink stuff.  "This is for you to try.  You sounded very cynical about smoothies."I tasted it tentatively (very good), and sipped while he made mine.  I watched him shake his head in a huff, while the only person at the counter pointed to the plastic cup my smoothie was in and said something inaudible.  "I know, I never make a mistake."  He handed the smoothie to me and said, "This is on the house, I didn't make enough to fill it to the top."I really wouldn't have complained.  Also, yum. So I think what classifies my drink as a smoothie and not a milkshake is the blended ice?  Though all their smoothies' bases are ice cream, the smoothies themselves have just the right amount of sweetness, since the sugar is effectively "watered down" with the blended ice, so you don't feel too guilty for having dessert all the time.I've reached the end of this review because the word "smoothie" doesn't look like a word anymore.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/30/2014,357,324,17,16,14>You've been doing it wrong. Here you were, confident that the way to go when you're in a taqueria is to order the tacos. Well, let me be the first to tell you that here, the torta is where it's at. This is no ordinary sandwich, boys and girls. This is the torta to end all tortas. I've eaten 3 of them in the past two days; mainly because I have no concept of self control, but also because this is one of the best sandwiches I've ever put in my face-hole.*As an added bonus, they're only $6-6.50, with the Cubana topping out at $7.25, which is where your cholesterol will be after you eat this if you shift the decimal a couple places to the right.*this is the only hole I can recommend putting this sandwich in. it comes with jalapenos, and those could cause some irritation.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,4/29/2014,61,112,6,10,7>How I never knew this place existed is completely beyond me. So, when my sister told me about it and claimed it to be "better than Cherry Valley" I knew I just had to try it. The first Saturday after my sister told me, my boyfriend and I needed somewhere to go for lunch so I hauled our tooshies right to this deli! I was totally in awe that it was so close to my house and I never knew about it. Looking at the menu you get overwhelmed because they have EVERYTHING you could possibly wish for a deli to have. The first thing I noticed were the prices. A bit pricey...but, a sandwich on regular bread or a roll is about $8 where as a hero--more than double the sandwich is, ready for it? Only $9! So we opted to share a sandwich for our first time. We shared the Clearview--chicken cutlet, fresh Mozzarella, basil and roasted red pepper all in balsamic vinaigrette. AND on semolina bread! YUM! The other sandwich I was drawn to like a moth to a light was the WOODS. That's right, the WOODS. What is in it you ask? Only the most amazing combination ever. The sandwich has a homemade chicken cutlet, soaked in gravy and then topped with bacon and MAC AND CHEESE. Yes, you read that right too...macaroni and freakin' cheese. Oh, and the whole thing is on garlic bread. The first time I had this sandwich was a day I was feeling particularly down and since i thought it was going to be the most fattening I'd ever eaten I thought it was fitting for me to hate myself even more post-meal. But it wasn't! So obviously I've gotten it a few more times since... Honestly the most delicious thing I've ever had, and now I'm craving it again...oh boy. My boyfriend also tried the Big C which he thoroughly enjoyed. You won't regret trying anything on their menu...I can't wait to taste it all!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,4/28/2014,311,812,5,8,9>I have spent a boatload of time in Great Neck over the yrs since it's my mom's hometown and we visited my grandparents there quite a bit.  I have passed by Mizumi, and its predecessors for that matter, many times while driving down Northern Blvd but had never stopped in until we attended a good friend's birthday bash there earlier this month.  Now that I've experienced it, I hope to return!I love Asian cuisine, especially sushi.  Spicy salmon rolls are my absolute favorite, followed by oshinko rolls.  Not only did Mizumi have those, but many other offerings including some special rolls with silly names like The Angry Salmon.  While at first I was a bit wary of the idea of eating raw fish at a buffet, I was at ease once I saw the quick turnover and the chefs constantly putting out fresh rolls.  I also took advantage of being able to serve myself ginger--I don't think you can have enough ginger with sushi.  I decided to venture past the sushi station, and try some of the hot offerings as well.  The Korean BBQ short rib was divine.  Unfortunately, everyone else at the restaurant realized this, so it was not easy to obtain.  The seaweed salad was also excellent, as was the cream of pumpkin soup which had a strong ginger flavor to it.  Since I'll undoubtedly be in the area again, I would happily come back, particularly with a large group.  The restaurant itself was clean and spacious, and the staff was kind and helpful.  As a side note, I thought it was sweet how our waiter joined us in holding hands as the birthday girl's husband said Grace before we went to get our first plate of food.  Overall, it's a nice place!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/27/2014,458,267,10,12,11>I've been meaning to try this place for more than 10 years and I finally got around to it. Yes, I said 10 years, don't judge me. Been here quite a few times now and we really enjoy it. Food is very good, always an interesting variety of beers on tap, and the service is very friendly. I guess I used to stay away because it always seemed like a place that would get insanely packed, busy and nauseating. And you know I don't do lines, noise, trendy places and long waits. But happy to say I was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps it's different on the bar side, but on the restaurant side it's very nice. I would imagine sometimes it's probably wise to have a reservation, but in the times we've been there to date, we haven't had any problem getting in and seated, and this includes one instance at prime time on a Friday night. Only problem is parking which can often be a pain. But that's the case throughout the area. So if you're not lazy, just leave the car at home and hop on the Q10. Now a fan and we'll definitely be stopping in here more often.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,4/26/2014,286,298,7,16,12>I've been coming to Portalia for about 2 years now, pretty consistently since they opened, so this review is long overdue. Portalia is one of the best brunch spots in the neighborhood and a dependable destination for quality Italian fare, joining the [Astorian] ranks of Vesta and Via Trenta. While it can be difficult to choose between the three, Portalia is definitely your spot if you roll deep; they can easily accommodate groups of 8-12 people. And even if you don't travel with an entourage, the elegantly earthy yet homey Tuscan ambience of the restaurant makes it a great spot to bring a date or treat the parents. I really wish they'd get rid of those two giant flat screens behind the bar though. Why, Portalia, why?BRUNCH (weekend 11am-4pm):Portalia's brunch menu includes a wide range of brunch classics and heavier lunch options. Just the eggs benedict alone gives you a choice of canadian bacon, pancetta, smoked salmon, crab cakes, or spinach and gorgonzola. Standouts on the menu are the French toast, eggs benedict (with crab cakes!), both burgers, and of course the pasta. Pass on the pancakes*, paninis**, and pizzas***. Mimosas, bellinis, and bloody marys are just $3 each, and you can do bottomless drinks for $15, though I'm not sure WHY you'd do bottomless unless you're planning on having at least 5 drinks (6+ to make it a deal o_O). Also keep in mind that refills on coffee aren't free; you will be charged per coffee ordered.DINNER:Dinner at Portalia always hits the spot. I love the gratis starter: warm goat cheese and marinara sauce to accompany the bread, though it now hits the table pre-mixed which takes a lot of the fun out of it, but I suppose too many people didn't know to mix it. Portalia makes a solid rendition of my favorite pasta dish, linguine alla vongole (baby clams, cherry tomatoes, pinot grigio) - seasoned just enough to let the clams shine, though I wish there was a touch more broth. And I've also discovered a new favorite in Portalia's fazzoletti allo zafferano (rough cut pasta with saffron and veal ragu) - the meaty ragu is hearty perfection. Portalia's risotto of the day is usually a safe bet and a must if it's paired with their osso buco. There was one time (out of maybe four or five times) where the risotto was too loose, but I'll chalk that up to a fluke because the other times it was the perfect consistency. If you still have stomach space after your entrée, don't pass up on dessert! Their apple tart and their flourless chocolate cake are both killer.Note: closed Mondays*best pancakes in Astoria: Sweet Afton**best paninis in Astoria: Il Bambino***best brunch pizza in Astoria: Diwine
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/25/2014,106,721,5,9,6>M. Wells, the diner I so loved before they closed.  When they opened up at Moma PS1 I was so excited only to be terribly let down.  Thankfully with this second  venture they hit it square out of the park.  I came here on my birthday for a nice steak dinner and was absolutely delighted by what they served.First things first, this place is so easy to pass by.  It is completely unmarked, no large doors to see, no signs, and in a largely deserted area of LIC near the bus stop/subway station.  Once you find this place and actually sit down and look around you find that they've done an amazing job transforming this garage into a restaurant.  We split the cote de boeuf and it was a fantastic piece of meat, seasoned well (I hate that many places over salt steak for some odd reason) and the quality of the meat was obvious.  Everyone says Luger's is the best, but I would have to disagree.  My cote de boeuf absolutely blows away what I've had at Peter Lugers.  The foie gras terrine was a great dish however I felt they had too much going on there to truly let the foie gras shine.  The onion and bone marrow soup however was incredibly well done that you could have kept going back for more of that broth.M Wells Steakhouse certainly isn't cheap but they have done an excellent job in putting out fantastic food.  A great once and awhile treat without having to deal with the nonsense some other steak houses have.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/24/2014,77,112,9,15,12>Honestly, I don't know where to start. This place is a gem. The greatest place in possibly all of NYC (possibly all the world).It's because of this place that I don't buy buns when I frequent such fancy Manhattan establishments such as  Ippudo, Boahou and, Momofuku (insert Asian Spot). How can you justify a 600% markup when you are getting the same if not better quality at this quaint little stall? Simple economics guys, hop on the 7 train till the last stop and get your a$$ here ASAP. Or don't, that just  means more for me..Greatest deal in New York, hands down.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,1/3/2014,83,197,7,9,7>Taqueria Santa Fe is not a sit in restaurant and it is barely your usual hole in the wall restaurant. But it is simple and effective. You just pull up a stool outside, along the side of  the restaurant and watch your food served right in front of you. Their various amount of tacos are great. There are nine varieties to pick from. I tried the:Al Pastor Taco - A pork based taco with grilled pineapples. It has a nice spice to it and you can tell by the orange coating on the meat. Also the sweetness of the pineapples balance the spice well. (7/10)Carnitas Taco - Another pork taco topped with a pico de gallo mixture (diced tomatoes and onions salsa). This was more moist and the salsa gave it a mild fresh flavor. (8/10)Carne Asada Taco - Grilled steak taco. This had a nice charred flavor but a tad dry. (7/10)The tacos are small for $2.00 each so it is better to buy them in sets of 3's for $5.00. But these are legit tacos and will make you hate taco bell afterwards.Additionally, I had the chance to try one of their plattersSuadero Plato Santa Fe ($6.50) -  This veal platter came with a side of rice and beans. The veal had the texture of braised pork belly and the taste of pernil. The tender, moist meat was delicious. (8/10)Service was also a plus. As I waited for my food for pick up, who I believe was the manager offered me a complimentary hearty chicken soup. He also tried to make small talk with each customer. This showed effort in building returning business.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/2/2014,101,229,11,15,12>The bottom line: if you've got jury duty or work near the courthouse, you want to hit this place up for lunch.  Most of the restaurants on the block are delis or pizza places with greasy food (that tastes really good to be sure), but the food here is more wholesome and higher quality without being overly expensive.I went here twice for lunch while serving jury duty.  One time I got a chicken pesto panini and the other time I got a grilled chicken panini.  Both were really good and satisfying.  Pro tip: go for the sweet potato fries instead of the regular fries.  The sweet potato fries are thicker and more tasty.  The regular fries are thin and McDonald's-y but not as good as McDonald's.  :(I would say you should get there before the lunch rush around 1pm, but the line actually moves pretty fast so everything should be fine regardless of when you go.Definitely give the place a try.  It's the place to go for lunch if you're in the area.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,1/1/2014,422,494,6,11,8>Located directly behind the Mcdonald's (please use a a landmark for this instance), the foot traffic to this store can be described as little to none.This bubble tea shop was quite small as 10 people could easily crowd the place.But being fairly new to Woodside, I'm sure people will start to take notice soon.This bubble tea shop however has some of the BEST bubbles that does not call Flushing nor Chinatown home.It was just the right size and stewed perfectly.The store was very clean and quite a good set-up.I had the mango slush on this day and it was EXCELLENT.The service girl who was by her lonesome self was very friendly.Free toppings when you check in with YELP, FOURSQUARE, TWITTER and/or FACEBOOK.I'm a FAN.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,12/31/2013,227,484,7,20,14>A few of my friends had recommended this place.  I was forewarned this is a no frills type of place. After a hectic stressful summer full of projects, this is exactly what I needed. I entered and asked what kind of massages they offer, the hostess at the front said one hour combination of hot stone, shiatsu, and swedish for $35.  Sold!I got a very young masseuse, I didn't think he'd be experienced but he was very strong and knew exactly where to find my knots without me telling him.  That's an experienced masseuse!  Here's what you need to know before you go:No frills, not a real spa. Small rooms for private massages.Strip down to your skivvies.Be quiet!*$35 for 1 hour massageAbove the Fay da bakeryClean rooms, bare minimum$10 minimum tipThey wipe you down with a nice hot towel at the end to wipe down the massage lotionEnglish is a second languageBonus! They crack your back and stretch your legs, arms, and back at the end of the massage.  A mini chiropractic finish.So don't be cheap, most massages cost at least $1 per minute!  $45 for an hour with hot stones and stretching at the end is unheard of.  Trust me, I've been around to all sorts and types of spas/massage places.  *Its not that quiet, you can hear people walking or the toilet flushing but what do you expect from a tiny place in Forest Hills!The only thing I didn't enjoy was the massage table.  It kept moving when my masseuse was putting a lot of pressure on me.  I'll be returning for a regular, possibly monthly massage.  What a great find!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,12/30/2013,200,154,6,13,7>How did I not know about this place? I've lived in Astoria for two years and had no idea there was an Asian Grocery store in my backyard. Now, it is a teeny little place, but for such a limited space, they have a lot of interesting stuff in there. Individually packaged seaweed salad, two different types of kim chee, many many types of candy, kewpie japanese mayo, ramen (spelled ram-yun)... I was squealing excitedly at each new discovery. Will definitely be back to explore more. To my knowledge, this is the only Asian Grocery store in Astoria... if you know of another one, please do let me know!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,12/29/2013,68,135,5,13,6>Just a quick update about the *new* Bungalow Bar after thousands of dollars in renovations (another local establishment ruined by SuperstormSandy). I want by around 11:30-midnight  the Sunday night of Memorial Day Weekend just to check out the new back deck, and it was like being in a movie. Or at a wedding??!! Everyone...ev-ery-one.. was dancing their a$$es off and having a good time. The place looks amazing also.I heard they are going to be featured on an episode of the show Bar Rescue so I'm interested in seeing that transformation. We were comparing it to what a night out was like back in the summers of 2000-2001. The place was crowded but the bartenders had no problem taking care of everyone. Awesome atmosphere. It's so easy now to get there with the (cheap!) ferry at beach 108. Totally worth the trip to Rockaway if you wanna experience a serious summer party night.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/28/2013,783,346,4,8,4>Absolutely delicious roasted duck curry.   Totally satisfies any Thai curry craving, which, if you've experienced this sort, is NOT a craving to be messed with.   The duck is not over-cooked or crisped to death, like I've had in lesser Thai restaurants.  Yes, the slices of duck are dark-meat-lover approved, and are nice portioned between the lean and the fat.  You need the fat to flavor the dish, and there is plenty of flavor packed in there.  Noodles are a good bet here, as well as the taro appetizer.  I just wish they would use real brown rice instead of the sticky white-and-red rice they give when you request brown rice.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,12/27/2013,134,610,6,7,7>Some of the best BBQ I've had in NYC!I love some good beef bbq, and Butcher Bar delivers like a mofo.  The sauce is solid, especially when I mix 2/3 of the original and 1/3 of the spicy to add a bit of kick.Butcher Bar itself is a nice place, feels like a classic BBQ place.  I've seen their setup too at LIC Flea - they setup the night before and slowcook the hell out of their meat, definitely worth itThe food itself. . .the beef and chicken was 4.5 stars, the mac&cheese was 4 stars, the corn bread was 2 stars.  Net net it's a 4-star BBQ, which in my mind is one of the best in all of NYC.  My girlfriend LOVES her pulled chicken, it's one of the only places in all of the city that offers it.  Great service, good sodas, great bbq, sides are okay - Butcher Bar is a winner in my book.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/26/2013,289,416,10,16,14>Astoria has noticeably changed in the past few years.  Although it is still as ethnically diverse as ten years ago, if not more so, the hipsters are now among the, shall we say, "midsters", thereby allowing both the young and the young at heart to walk  the streets of Astoria. Indeed, for the past couple of years, plaid and skinny jeans have become more visible apparels of choice in the neighborhood.  There is one place though where both the young and the young at heart are united in walking.  After all, tango is said to be nothing more than walking.  At Astoria Tango Club, young and old alike respect the rules of tango as well as enjoy the delightful food cooked by Circulo Espanol.  During Sundays, any one who wants to attend the milonga can pay $10 and there is a free tango class at the beginning around 6:00 p.m.  The head instructor, Mariana Fresno is an absolute delight! She will welcome any student and will patiently teach and answer questions.  What are you waiting for? Put on those dancing shoes!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,12/25/2013,183,187,13,20,17>Very happy about TWO Nan Bei Hos! The Flushing branch is 1 of my fav restaurants, I LOVE their spicy beef noodle! These ppl have been in the restaurant biz for decades so they know their stuff. Came to this branch a handful of times already... It's clean and staff is friendly :)Some of our favorite dishes are: 3 cup chicken, Salt n pepper fish, Chinese brkfst items, etc...Another plus is the bilingual cashier & owner that hangs about a lot. You can always give 'em your direct feedback and any questions on the food. Need to come back to try more stuff!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,9/20/2014,36,97,7,8,8>This is one of my new favorite places in the neighborhood.  Love the concept - there are about 4 taps at every table upstairs.  They have an extensive list of beers ranging from your standard to more unique to fruity to IPA and everything in between.  If the particular beer you want is not at your table you can order it off the menu.  I got a banana bread beer which I had never tried before and it was so good!The cool thing is they charge you by the amount that you pour into your glass so if you want to sample a beer you can and it will not charge you the full price.  The food here is awesome as well.  The group I was with ordered a bunch of apps.  We got chicken quesadillas which were flavorful and the chicken was very fresh, the sample wing platter which was great and you can choose 4 different types of wing sauce.  The turkey sliders were yum and my personal favorite the mac and cheese bites were incredible.  This is a great place for a party, a night of hanging out or just a dinner.  I loved it here!!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,9/19/2014,183,197,4,10,6>I've been there two days in a row. They have only been open for three.Just a note:~They opened up the last day of April, which means for now cash only.~Cold brew coffee $4, Americano $3 just to give you an idea of the prices~Stan-the-coffee-man, as my other half likes to call him, is one of the owners (his wife being the other) is extremely friendly and down to earth. ~Stumptown coffee now in Astoria :) My roommate will be stoked.~The store hours (for right now) is going to be 7am-9pm, as they are still trying to see how business goes.On my way to check out a DVD from Redbox (CVS on Broadway) I happen to be looking at the stores on Steinway. By chance, I see a Stumptown Coffee sign through a large glass window, and immediately walk in. You see, Stumptown coffee reminds me of the West Coast (Oregon to be exactly) and I miss it. So to be able to enjoy Stumptown coffee without having to travel to busy-bustling Manhattan brings me joy.The place is cute and simple. The plants and wooden decor bring a relaxing feeling to the place, regardless that it's located on such a busy street. I LOVE the idea that there are no plug outlets. That's right, no outlets; as far as I can see. Which means people won't be sitting there, sucking up free WIFI FOOOR-EEEEV-EEEER (said like the kid from The Sandlot) Customers will be able to sit, drink a cup of cold brew coffee (my suggestion during the summer days to come) read a book, perhaps do some homework, even just sit at the bar and stare out of the window. I also enjoy the seating. It's just two counters/bar seating and a circle table in the center. As you can see I love simplicity. A coffee shop should offer a place for people to enjoy their coffee, not a place for people to suck free WIFI and turn their table into a work cubicle. Good luck Stan (and his wife who makes the cute adorable plant terrariums) I'm sure you'll do great!! I know I'll be back. PS: My other half is in love with the Americano. Stan was nice enough to ask if he wanted it strong. He did. It was. My other half is now in love with it.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,9/18/2014,84,161,4,8,6>I can't believe I've never written a review of this place before. Well first things first, a big shout out to Billy who was charming and delightful and helped pick out some good beers on their newly expanded list this past weekend. It's not easy being gracious to the rambunctious middle aged crowd I brought by.We've been coming to Mosaic for a few years now and I absolutely love their low-key style. Their new beer list is superb, you can get at least 8 different kinds of sour beer (which is something I always rate my bars by) and it goes to many pages of all your other traditional beers (lagers, IPAs, lambics, etc.) Their wine is isn't nearly as extensive but it hits all the major tasty groups. They used to have a banging deal for wine flights, but I'm not sure if it still exists.Their food options are also tasty. We almost always get the mozzarella hand rolls and the pretzel sticks (which are soft and buttery like Auntie Anne's). I don't know if I've tried anything else.The decor is possibly my favorite party. The place is filled cushy chairs and sofas that look well maintained. I'm not nervous sitting on any of them like I have been at other establishments. They keep the lights at the perfect "make everyone look beautiful" low light, which does everyone favors and will certainly increase my tip at the end of the night.It's now a tradition for my family bar crawl to make this the last stop before dinner. We swing by right as they open on Saturday and have the whole place to ourselves. Then we slink out to dinner before the regular crowd shuffles in. It's also perfect for a date night. The cushy chairs and low light just beg for you to snuggle up together.Highly recommend this place.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/17/2014,665,302,8,16,13>M Wells is one of LIC's gems that's for sure. Reservations were made on the day. I called in after 5pm that day and was told that they either do not take reservations for 2 or does not have a table for 2. I might have misunderstood what the man on the other side of the phone said but we lucked out. He told me that he can put me in at 8pm for the chefs bar. IMO, best seats in the house. We were seated in front of the kitchen. A half wall of glass separating us from getting food splashed on to us. It was great, watching how the chefs work and the food that's coming out. They all worked with great dedication and precision. Very entertaining. I would not trade our seats for a regular table.The restaurant used to be an auto body collision garage. It is chic and rustic and service is at par with any classic steakhouse in the city. You will never be overlooked and forgotten. Every server, there to satisfy your needs.Afraid that we might once again overstuff ourselves, we set out to order what we believe would be a decent amount of food. We got half a dozen of oysters to start with our wine. 3 different ones, 2 of each. Very fresh. Complimentary pretzel roll and brioche was great. Served with butter of course and a tiny container of mustard. Will get your belly warm and started for a great meal. We ordered the bone in burger to share with sides of Foie Gras Gnocchi, Pommes Aligot and one of their specials Venison BBQ short ribs. Great seasoning on the burger, Chef Christine on the grill made the most perfect ribs and burger that night. Gnocchi are two huge fried ones with a generous amount of filling. Aligot is mashed potatoes with cheese, lots of it. It's stringy and creamy maddddd good. It turned out we did over ordered and couldn't finish the sides. Leftover lunch for the following day then lol.For dessert, we got their Cinammon Cake. We went past the Chocolate Charcuterie, since Goof Ball said he read the reviews and almost everyone says we should order this. It was good, yes. Mind blowing, No. Next time I'm going with what my gut tells me. And that means, get anything chocolate! Will most likely be coming back very soon to try their other offerings. Save that Chefs bar seats for us. We are coming.***Update: I totally forgot we got the onion soup. How can I forget???!!! Onion pup with bone marrow inside served with two crisp pieces of thinly sliced bread. Delish! The bone marrow worked really well with the onion soup. It will kinda get lost tho if you take the marrow and mix it with the soup. Just scoop a little at a time and eat with a spoonful. Or spread on the bread and take a bite after each spoonful. Whichever way you like there's no doubt this soup is wonderful. ***
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,9/16/2014,681,925,10,12,14>The "Tale of F-Bomb Yoga Guy vs. Mr. Flatulence" has now gotten enough hearty laughs from those who have heard the story and more "You're Funny" compliments than I could have ever imagined a yoga studio could garner. I suppose that enough time has passed that I can now laugh along with everyone else, rather than live in fear that someone is going to go postal in Poorna-Salabhasana [1].I've been struggling with health problems and minor injuries of late and think that certain teachers, especially Anna and Laura, have been very supportive and encouraging in my practice. To have them cheer me on to strive for my best, even when I feel like I've been plowed over by a cement mixer, has proven to be a very valuable lesson in perseverance and faith in one's self.  It's a shame that Iyengar Yoga isn't offered more than once a week in LIC, because the pace and the postures are great for those of us who need something more restorative. For vinyasa classes, Danielle's move at a good pace - not too quickly, not too slowly.Although I have not yet gotten a massage at TYR, I noticed that prices are very reasonable ($85 vs. $120+ that most massage therapists in Manhattan will charge that do not accept insurance [2]). One of these days, I will have to try a massage and see if it loosens up the good old ropey shoulders and unrelenting pain in T3 [3].  Thanks to Nil, who is also a rockstar teacher, I'll hopefully be able to work through these imbalances through yoga and massage so I don't look like Quasimodo by the time I hit 30.[1] And if you see someone flailing around during Hot Pilates, that's probably me. I hope I've earned a more forgiving nickname than something that has to do with flatulence.[2] Can we review Obamacare on Yelp?[3] innerbody.com/anatomy/sk
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/15/2014,431,99,29,33,31>Gyros Gyros Gyros! A cozy spot located in Astoria, Queens. All Gyros are Served W/Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions on Pita Bread with a choice of sauce, either on the gyro or on the side.The Pork & Chicken are both cooked on a twirling spindle giving the outer layer a slight char (yummy), Slicing off chunks of meat per order. The pork is cooked & seasoned perfectly, soft, moist & full of flavor. The pork is definitely the way to go. The chicken is seasoned well, but if it's not smothered in sauce it taste very dry. The Tzatziki Sauce ( yogurt, cucumber & garlic ) the usually white sauce on gyros. The sauce you must try is the BZ Grill Sauce ( home-made mayo-mustard sauce ) it's a little tangy, which gives the gyros a kick!Overall this is a great spot, all ingredients are high quality & fresh, with limited indoor & outdoor seating ... walking distance from Astoria park. Grab a couple of gyros & chill out in Astoria park that's the life....
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/14/2014,427,354,6,8,7>I have heard about this spot for a long time. Drove past it a few times. But it was one lucky Friday night when Mama bear wanted Thai food. Since I was tired of bringing her crap I decided we would give this place a try. We called to see if there was any wait around 6:30 and they said we could walk right in and be seated...and that is what we did.They have a tiny parking lot but its a residential area so not too terrible to find parking. We left the car in front of a nice quiet lawn and headed inside.We orderd thai iced teas which both my mother and sister couldn't handle. My sister swapped for a sprite and my mom an Amazing Thailand. That Amazing Thailand was SUPER DELICIOUS! Almost made me cancel my iced tea but I stuck with it. It was so yummy and sweet but not overly done and you could still get a SLIGHT hint of the liquor. Our waitress was a little sweet heart and was totally attentive and not fussy at all about us canceling the two drinks. She politely hopped around and helped us whenever necessary.To the grub.. I'm usually pretty basic with thai food. (Pad Thai anyone?) But I was tired of always ordering the same old thang and was hoping to take my palate to Bangok...for real this time around. So I scoured some yelp reviews. Searched for something spicy and ended up ordering the Jungle Curry. For a beach loving, animal cuddling, carribbean blooded queen...jungle was sounding like a dream. Based on reviews it was spicyyyyyyyyy but they could turn it down if need be.  I had it medium hot with shrimp and brown rice. Mama Bear: Pineapple Fried Rice with shrimp. And for Sissy: Pad thai with shrimp.  For apps we  ordered calamari with a sweet chili sauce. Man oh man. The crunch on the calamari was amazing and the sweet chili sauce had little sprinkles of peanuts in it. Gave it awesome crunch and a salty sweet combo going on. It was enough for the three of us but we practically fought over who would have the last of it. My jungle curry was spicy but completely palatable. I love spicy so it was delicious. I could have gone for a bigger serving of rice but I had to leave space for my Fried Ice cream so it was best to leave it alone. The vegetables in the soup were so fresh and flavored so nicely I couldn't believe it. The only thing in there I didn't love were the pimento seeds. At least I think thats what they were. Everything else I devoured. The shrimp was juicy and plump (tails on and I didn't even complain!). So good. My sisters pad thai had a sweet deliciousness about it. She loved it. I loved it too as I kept dipping in her plate. I also took a few spoonfuls of Mama Bear's Pineapple fried rice and it was also delicious. Everything was SO tasty and fresh. The fried ice cream we ordered was vanilla. We had a choice of a raspberry sauce for topping or chocolate. We rolled with chocolate and once the three spoons arrived all hell broke loose. The crunchy outside. The gooey inside. The chocolate. OMG. It was a perfect end to a perfect meal.Our waitress again, was a doll. All the servers were helpful and polite. It was perfect for my little family and would be perfect for a romantic night also. The dim lights could set the mood. It was overall an awesome dinner and  we plan on coming back soon.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,9/13/2014,74,163,2,9,9>Surprisingly nice nail spa, which is really not very common in a neighborhood like Jamaica. I decided to check this place out as it had pretty good ratings on Yelp, and I am glad I did!I called 30 minutes prior to coming in (this was on Friday afternoon), and the woman on the phone kindly took my name and number down for a mani pedi, which is only $22!I went in and was immediately ushered to the pedicure chair. The girl who took care of me REALLY took care of me, which did not go unnoticed! While doing my nails, she took her time and made sure the polish was meticulous before letting me go. My entire stay lasted for a little over an hour. The spa has really cute and modern decor, the music playing was nice background music, and they were playing What Not To Wear on Netflix! It made my stay seem a lot shorter than it was!A lot of nail spas tend to rush you, but I'm so happy that she took her time. Overall, she did a fantastic job and I left the nail spa quite happy. I will be returning soon enough!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,9/12/2014,35,182,6,9,7>A predominantly food based flea market in Astoria? Consider me interested.GET IT:1. Tea n' Milk - Hibiscus peach white tea w/ tapioca - definitely a refreshing drink for a hot day in the sun. Other craft bubble tea spin offs will keep you coming back to try the other flavors.2. Khao Man Gai - Chicken wings had a nice flavorful garlic kick to them! Get the Watermelon drink to wash it down. Coming back next time to the 2013 Vendy Award Winner for their star main dish though.3. Bibingka-esk - If you're into Filipino pastries, show some support for this honest, local family start up shop. The UBE and S'mores flavors were chewy and delicious. 4. Butcher Bar - 14 hour smoked and super tender brisket? Yes.HONORABLE MENTION:5. Old Fashioned Doughnut -  Toasted coconut doughnut was a good change up from usual flavors, but the coconut crust falls apart off the donut too easily. Bavarian creme croughnut flavor was excellent, but the pastry itself was just ok.PASS:6. Oconomi - Okonomiyaki w/ pork and classic sauce. Unfortunately it wasnt very well bound together. Thin slice of pork in there wasn't special. 7. Lukes Lobster - $8 for half a lobster roll no larger than 4 inches, which didn't even blow my mind? I feel ashamed for even considering this.8. Jessy's Pastries - Only stopped by to grab a Mango/Papaya drink for an easy $3, but it wasn't as special. One of the only stands that offered empanadas so that may be worth considering in the future.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/11/2014,17,30,17,20,14>I've been here quite a few times, and will continue to visit whenever I get the urge to consume massive quantities of farm animal flesh. I hope that builds up your appetite.So anyway, complaints about the decor of this place are absurd. It's a $20 buffet in the basement of a Holiday Inn, what did you expect? If you're looking for ambiance and are disappointed by this place, I'm laughing at you. I come here for one thing, and that's the meat, and lots of it.  So let's begin. 'Churrascaria' = steakhouse. Get it? Complaints about the salad bar? I'm laughing. Complaints about the service? It's a buffet! When you people start tipping 20% you can start complaining about buffet service.   Anybody know how much skirt steak is per pound? Try $13/lb. Yeah, so I don't mind the price so much. Yes, I see that they tack on a gratuity to that $20 admission, but it's still worth it. And do you know why they tack on the gratuity? It's because people are REALLY cheap at tipping buffet staffs. I try to ignore the salad bar, not because it's not good, but simply because my carnivorous desires prevent me from eating stuff that wasn't slaughtered and grilled. But from what I've tried, everything was fresh and tasty. I DO help myself to copious amounts of chimmichurri. It goes well with all of the dead animals. It's the only green thing I eat there.Now on to the meat itself. I fancy myself the grilling enthusiast. Are some of the meats overcooked? Yeah, sometimes (especially the pork loin which is kinda hit or miss but you can tell if it's overcooked since it looks like dried turkey), but for the most part they do a pretty good job. The skirt steak has always been decently cooked (it's hard to screw it up since skirt steak does really well on the grill and can withstand a bit of mediumness) and the beef ribs are a highlight. The beef short ribs are my favorite, their outside is grilled to a chewy tendon-like crisp, with lots of lovely marbled meet to gnaw off the bone. They're essentially giant Korean kalbi. The meats are all seasoned very well (hear that Greenfield's?) and I haven't had a piece of grilled critter that wasn't seasoned to my satisfaction. The succulent chicken thighs come to mind...As far as value, this is THE best churrascaria/rodizio I've visited. I'll take this over the $60/person Fogo De Chao any day of the week. To sum it all up:Great value, good price.It's in a Holiday Inn, it's $20 (plus gratuity), stop complaining.Wait for the beef short ribs and skirt steak. Don't like meat? you're in the wrong place.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,4/4/2013,393,406,6,11,9>You're going to wake up on December 22nd, hugely pissed off at the Mayans that they were wrong, and realize that you neglected to keep food in the house for the day after the end of the world. Don't come crying to me with your hunger pains just because you don't know how to choose the correct pre-Columbian civilization. The Inkan's Peruvian style is legit. I have ordered from here 10+ times now, and every time, the chicken is tender, extremely juicy, well crisped and perfectly cooked. Their sauces rival those of Pio Pio (seriously) and the side portions are healthy. The rice is good but a bit bland, and the beans are often over or under cooked. But focus on the chicken.They have a bunch of other dishes too, which range from enjoyable (empenadas, soup, plantains) to those that need some work (their pork rind and steak are a bit tough and underseasoned, although one gets the vague impression that this is the style).Overall, I am a very happy customer. The price is right ($5.99 for a 1/2 chicken) for me to enjoy this stuff on a regular basis. Just be careful visiting during lunch hour, it's a small place and can get packed.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,4/3/2013,553,249,11,14,13>There are a lot of things I'm enjoying about my April yelp challenge.1) Making new yelp friends: Case in point Chris I2) Reading great reviews by these new yelp friends about cool new places: Case in point Chris I's review of El Omada Egyptian Cuisine.I'm always looking for new places to eat in the neighborhood and this place being just off the beaten path of busy 30th avenue was a perfect place for us to try on a lazy Saturday night.This cute little restaurant is small on both the inside and the outside, but what they serve up is anything but small!Armed with a $25 coupon (Thanks again Chris I. for the tip) my eyes devoured the menu!We started off with a trio of dips that came with soft and perfectly chewy bread for dipping or spreading.  The hummus and tahini dip was spot on, and the baba ganoush was one of the best I have ever had, simply wonderful. They also throw in some pickled vegetables.... and I do love me some pickled vegetables. I was sold (I would be coming back) and our meals hadn't even arrived.All the dishes come with salad. And like the reviews before me have pointed out this salad (yes the side salad that comes with your meal) is incredible. Really!  It's got all these herbs mixed in along with the perfect mix of lettuce's and veggies. It didn't even need the amazing side of dressing it came with. I had settled on the lamb shank over rice. It was cooked to perfection being tender and juicy the way lamb should be.  It also came with this spectacular red vegetable sauce that I kept pouring all over my fluffy rice. Yum!My companion on this journey ordered the Mussels Over Pasta in a light creamy white sauce. This can only be described as an entire colony of mussels living on pasta. The pile of shells on top of shells was so high we couldn't see each other. It smelled amazing and I'm told tasted even better. * shakes fist at the allergy gods *We were suitably stuffed so we passed on dessert. Something I rarely do, but to our surprise we were brought some complimentary dessert to take home with us all wrapped and ready to go. My eyes sparkled once again as I couldn't wait for to eat this treat in about an hour or so.  For under $50 (without the coupon) our dinner was spectacular. I cannot wait to go back and try some of the more 'exciting' meals they list on their menu. Don't let the 'no pork and no alcohol' fool you; this place is worth every step to get there and every penny once inside.The only downside to my experience here was I some how lost my take out bag of dessert after we left. I didn't even see what the dessert looked like or what it was, and I just know it would have been super yummy!  So yummy if that little takeout bag showed it's face right now, I'd eat it...oh yes I would.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/2/2013,76,31,6,17,10>I've been a Blink member for some time. I had a take a hiatus from the very first gym in NoHo, after resigning to being too lazy to continue the out-of-the-way journey to frequent that location. I still live in Jamaica now, and was working in Chelsea at the time. After 1+ year, and an increase in workload, I decided I needed a gym near my apartment to realistically get a workout in. It pained me to cancel my membership to the gym that helped me get into the best shape of my life. I ended up joining the YMCA on the corner of my block. For all intents and purposes, it worked out really well. It was right on my corner, so I had no excuses. But I've actually found myself getting more out of shape. It just didn't have the mojo of Blink.While running around Christmas shopping on Jamaica Ave., I saw the familiar blue glow of "Blink." I was astounded. A Blink was opening up a short five blocks from my house! The next day I went for a tour and felt like I was greeting an old and dear friend. I was home again. Nothing against the Jamaica YMCA, but it simply isn't Blink. I had built an emotional connection with Blink almost two years ago when I first walked into the doors of the inaugural NoHo outpost. And now, there's a beacon of simple and accessible quality fitness for the everyman, right in my backyard.I needed no convincing. I signed up on the spot, then walked over to the YMCA to cancel my membership. It felt good to be back.Per Blink (and Equinox's) m.o., it's very clean. The staff are extremely friendly and inviting (shout out to Jevonna and Alex). And the equipment is among the highest caliber. A marked difference between Jamaica and NoHo is the size of the locker room. That was my biggest problem with NoHo. The men's locker room was a sardine can, and it seems they learned from their mistake when building out this location.There's stiff competition to be had in Jamaica, with the likes of Bally, Lucille Roberts, and YMCA all only blocks away (and closer to the trains, no less). But there's a certain panache about Blink that, for me, sets it above the rest. I'm going to enjoy the empty evenings, and slow afternoons. Because I doubt it'll be like this very long. Welcome to the neighborhood Blink. I've been waiting for you.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,4/1/2013,242,92,7,12,11>Even for a Taiwanese girl, navigating through Flushing is very intimidating and nothing but unpleasant. (There is something about this city that makes people think that they are invincible when crossing streets!) Despite the frustration, I have a deep love for this city because it is chock-full of culture. Authentic food with robust flavors may be found on almost every block and at almost every... (wait for it) corner. Corner 28 is unquestionably a gem of Queens. It consists of a handful of little businesses including dim sum to-go. Its main attraction is a shack with a window facing Main Street. This shack is hard to miss. It is decorated with freshly roasted whole ducks that are dripping with fat and glistening with oil. Their specialty is Peking Duck which is traditionally served between steamed white buns. These buns are incomplete without fresh green scallions, refreshing cucumber, and thick hoisin sauce. Hoisin is sweet and salty. It's a sauce that is commonly used in Chinese meals for pork and seafood. Expect to get a sliver of meat in your bun with a thick cut of skin; people enjoy eating Peking Duck mostly for its cripsy skin. Besides its texture, the skin is rubbed with molasses and five spice powder. This is an expensive dish at most Chinese restaurants; you are usually given enough ingredients for roughly eight buns for $30. At Corner 28, you can buy as many as you'd like for about $1.00-$1.50 each. Portions are bigger and the duck is much fresher. If you visit Flushing, this is a must-try. These buns are highly addictive and will positively alleviate some of the stress you may have incurred driving in.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/31/2013,179,443,3,8,5>I got my hair cut by Mela on Thursday evening (the only night the shop is open late). I called a few days ahead of time to make the appointment. I went to her because I read the other reviewers who mentioned that she is great with curly hair. I'm growing my hair out (I had a pixie cut about 2 years ago) and it needed a little something since it was all essentially the same length.On the night of my appointment, I arrived about half an hour early (oops), but there were two large comfy couches so I played on my phone while I waited. Mela was ready for me right on schedule and her assistant who washed my hair was super nice. Mela took her time examining my curl pattern and getting to know my hair, which I appreciated. She then proceeded to work some magic while making lively conversation and also gave me a damn good blowout, all for only $40 + tip. I couldn't believe it. I will definitely go back to Mela at Studio 34 as I continue to grow out my hair!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,3/30/2013,219,1009,7,12,10>The moment I found out I had to go for jury duty, I knew I had to Yelp nearby places for lunch. When Salvadoran is an option, I'll always go for it. Why? HORCHATA. PUPUSAS. They're all I ever wanted. The storefront looked like a deli/grocery store, but once you go inside, you can get seated in the back restaurant part. Once I sat down, I was greeted warmly and introduced to the $5 for 3 pupusas special that day. Of course, I knew what I wanted already. As soon as I ordered my horchata, the waitress was delighted at my accent and from then on, spoke solely in Spanish to me. I was uber excited. Onto the horchata. It was like the name of the restaurant, just OK. BUT the pupusas, oh the pupusas! Stuffed with cheese, chicharron and cheese, and red bean. They were hot with melted cheese and perfectly cooked. If I ever have to accompany anyone going for jury duty, I will. Just to come here.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/29/2013,149,276,10,10,10>I give Cafe Boulis a 4.0 stars for the fact that they served me fresh on the spot fried Loukoumades. I loved the fact that I see her operate the device that just drops the round donuts (Loukoumades) into the fryer right in front of me. These medium brown Loukoumades are then drizzled with a sweet syrup. -Mine- came in a puddle of the syrup. No need for that, it made it a little heavily sweetened than I would have liked it. Not a issue at all, next time I will ask for just a little. Why? Because these thin midsized donuts are warm, soft, airy and has a light crisp bite to them alone. For the freshness and quality I rate these a 3.9 stars. For one of the staff members being super nice, friendly and communicative, I boost this small 5 stool seating w. bar-like table top to a 4.0 star quaint cafe. There is also nice little wooden tables and seats at their outdoor patio area enclosed in a plastic housing to keep rain out if one wants that outdoor feel without the outside weather. There are cookies, baked goods w. Phyllo dough (spinach, cheese), Paninis, Flan, bagels, cake, wraps, etc... I topped my Loukoumades with cinnamon and powdered sugar but you can top it with your desired: Honey, Chocolate Syrup, Chopped Walnuts, Sour Cherry Syrup, etc... Next time I will try that Agave Nectar.The Loukoumades will set you back $4.00 for 5 pieces and $8.00 for 12 pieces for two toppings. The single Greek coffee came in a small cappuccino -like cup. It had a powdery off beat aroma and taste to it, kinda like something from Nescafe pouches, I dunno, I was told it's stronger than the organic coffee so I went for it because I like strong/bold coffee. It wasn't bad but if given the option, I'd try something else. The iced coffee was average but good. Or I'll try something from the fridge.Nice place with tidbits here and there to enhance a visit. I need to learn to read Greek to read the newspaper and articles laying around :] Though no Wifi at my time of visit, I loved the sign that said: No Coffee. No Workee. That's me in the morning.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,3/28/2013,68,233,7,11,6>KANEEEEEEEE. BALL SO HARD, Kane's for true grit Queens residents. I see reviews here complaining about the mounds of dust nearby or the sanitary grades and none of it really matters. If you eat at Kane's you should know what to expect. Kane's is a 24 hour diner that's been in business for at least 20 years, if not more... I don't know the exact date but it's older than most people on this site. With that said it probably hasn't changed much since it's inception : still has that "hometown" feel, nothing fancy and certainly won't blow you away with anything specific. Want organic? Not here. Special request? Take them elsewhere. Pretend like Kane is a diner in the deep south where the teens eat their last meal before the horror movie really starts. That about explains Kane.I've been itching to try their Steak and Eggs that's advertised as $8.99 on their signs outside the building and on a quiet Sunday with no breakfast plans I made the trip. Let's get down to it : - Actual steak! (See pic) It's maybe a 6 ounce piece of skirt steak, perfeclty cooked with pink on the inside and hot off the grill. Delicious.- I ordered my eggs sunnyside up and they were made ok, I think their grill is a little hot so it fried the bottom fo the eggs a good bit and the yolk didn't have as much time to cook. But still acceptable.- Hash browns were slightly burnt but still edible. Overall I'm just glad that they advertise steak and give you steak, not like Longwood Gourmet. Long glare towards Midtown East.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,3/27/2013,188,156,4,11,6>Sunnyside really does have some unexpected gems among all the new eating establishments that have been cropping up.          Words to live by: Always keep your expectations LOW and your hopes HIGH!  I really wasnt expecting much from this place but i ended up being pleasantly surprised on how good it was.   Me and my boyfriend were on a Chimichanga hunt around 7pm on saturday night. Beleive it or not, ive never tried a chimichanga. He discovered this fact and promised he would get me that chimichanga by the end of the night.  Flour tortilla stuffed with chicken and cheese AND Deep Fried? Surely i couldnt pass up on that idea, saturday can be my cheat day...right?   Our search lead us to Chip's in good ole sunnyside, we made a pick up order for one chimichanga, the mole platter and a large guacamole and chips. Every take-out place on earth has to learn from these guys on packaging. They put everything in leak proof containers, extra napkins, extra forks, extra salsa, extra chips and even placed cardboard barriers between the entrees so nothing would tip over. It's the little things that show how much effort people put into keeping customers happy.    As for the food, the portions are pretty large and its mexican food so obviously its very filling. The chimichanga was a bit on the greasy side but the flavors were well balanced and i love that they give you small sides of quacamole and sour cream to go with it. Their quac and chips are a sure bet, very fresh and they really don't skimp on the amounts they give you. We had tons of chips left over!     The most disappointing part of the meal was sadly the mole platter, it consisted of chicken breast in a deep dark brown sauce. While the chicken was juicy and cooked well, the sauce was just very bitter and not appealing. We wouldn't order it again and i wouldnt recommend it since there are much better options on their menu    Chimichanga mission complete! Overall it was a success and Chip's gets a check in my book.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,3/26/2013,628,678,17,20,15>I'm sad to report that the probability of your coffee being excellent increases if the baristas are wearing either beanies or fedoras. At Cafe de Cupping, they wear fedoras and my latte was delicious.Seriously this cafe is a welcome addition to the area, partially because of the stellar coffee and partially because sometimes you just need to sit around idly. (The next closest cafe with the holy trifecta of great coffee, cozy ambiance, and ample seating is the awesome Station Side Cafe about 10 blocks east, brewing Lavazza.)Cafe de Cupping brews Intelligentsia "Black Cat Project" beans. Do I care? Damn this coffee is great. There are Edison bulbs hanging pompously over the counter, but the counter girl is sweet (if not a little soft-voiced).Get each letter of their business card stamped (C A F E D E C U P P I N G = 13) for each drink and get one free. No minimum for credit. Check your receipt for the wifi password.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/13/2013,65,227,5,9,7>I own a pretty expensive road bike, but I don't know much about the mechanics of a bike, so whenever there's a problem, I would have to bring it to a bike shop for it to be looked at. I bought my bike at some place I thought was great, but customer service sucked after my sis said some stuff about them. Plus their skills as a mechanics were suspect. Nothing ever seemed right. So I did some search and found this place. We went there for the basic tune-up and they gave us a pretty good price. We really needed our bikes the next day, but they were able to accommodate. They told us to pick them up the same day, and they did have it ready for us by then. Andres, the mechanic, was the one who fixed up our bikes. He also gave us a call to let us know that they were ready. Andres is a really great mechanic. When we picked up our bikes, he told us that our seats might be too high, so he told us to get on the bikes so he can see. Indeed, the seats were a bit high, so he adjusted it for us. He also noticed that my seat was not an angle that was ideal; it was slanted downwards, so he adjusted it for me. He said that a seat that is parallel would allow me to better control my bike, and I wouldn't be shifting around so much sliding back and forth. We also chatted up a bit, and he told us that Bicycle Repairman Corp is a business owned by him and his family, and that he's been in the bike business for quite some time. I definitely would be coming back here (even though I get free basic tune-ups at the other place I bought my bike), because Andres did a really good job on our bikes. They were sparkling clean, and my gears were shifting pretty smoothly. I'm a pretty happy biker!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/12/2013,183,197,5,6,7>This is based on the fact it's quick. Easy. Good portion for the price. If you can get a filling meal for less than $10, heck yeah.My go-to has always been the the Lamb over rice for $6! White sauce & red sauce.The chicken [over rice $6] is a bit to fatty for my preference.The falafal [over rice $5] is good: I think you get about 5/6 pcs. Smaller portion then the lamb.Lamb Gyro at $4.5 is a REALLY go price for the portion. If your starch of choice is bread, you can't go wrong.I swing by this place at least once or twice a week on my way home. You literally get off the train, (head in the opposite direction as the comic shop) go down the steps toward Ditmars, and you can see the stand. It sits in front of the Payless/Chase bank area-ish.  I can get 2 filling meals for $12. Good deal in my book.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,11/11/2013,36,69,6,7,6>I LOVE this place!  My sister has raved about the Twist It Top It in Howard Beach, but I could never bring myself to go all the way over there just for froyo.  Needless to say I was thrilled when I saw one was opening in Forest Hills.Since it's opened, my hubby and I have come four times, and we've had an unbelievably positive experience each time!  The flavors and toppings are overwhelming, there are so many delicious choices! The store and counters are always immaculate, the staff is friendly, and the price, by weight, is reasonable (as long as you don't go overboard!).  We always take it to go bc the vibe inside is kind of family-ish (parents sitting at the tables letting their loud kids run around), but the tables and chairs are bright, inviting colors and it's always nice and air-conditioned, so for people who don't mind annoying children it's a great place to stay a while.  There's nothing better than a make-your-own sundae, and Twist It Top It's set-up is one of the best around!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,11/10/2013,76,131,7,12,8>It is only a spring roll--a common Asian appetizer I have mindlessly consumed so many times before--and yet somehow I have rapidly devoured three of these crispy golden fingers before even realizing I have yet to dunk one into the accompanying chili sauce, which I apparently have subconsciously deemed unnecessary. Delicately crispy wonton wrapper crackles at the bite and gives way to a steaming center of tightly bundled al dente glass noodles, tiny slivers of carrot, and sweet lumps of fresh crabmeat. The flavors are intense, the textures playful, and I do not want to share even one of the four. Fortunately my friend is a vegetarian--always a safe dining companion when I don't want to share everything on my plate. "That has crabmeat in it, right?" he asks, after gauging the absurd degree of pleasure on my face. "It does...," I say, as if genuinely sorry. "You know, maybe I could be pescetarian just for one day?" he smiles as I watch in horror while his greedy, assuming hand snatches up the last spring roll. Taking notice of my clenched fists, he snaps the roll in two, and returns the remaining half to the plate, laughing. A spring roll this excellent can really heighten your awareness of just how monotonous and lousy most other renditions can be. It almost ended a friendship today, after all. I am already grinning, and this is merely the first taste of what is to come. The quality of food is beyond surprising, given the restaurant's less-than-sparkly location on a rather barren strip of Metropolitan Avenue in Ridgewood. Partially named as a play-on-words with the Vietnamese vermicelli known as bún (pronounced boon), Bún-ker Vietnamese is also quite literally just that--a bunker. Next up--the 'Saigon Special Banh Mi'--a flaky baguette stuffed with 5-spiced pate made in house, steamed pork shoulder ground with cinnamon, sugar, and fish sauce, and garlic sausage--all garnished with pickled vegetables, mayo, cilantro, jalapeno, and a ribbon of sriracha.The 'Pho Ga' is an intense, rich, flavorsome chicken noodle soup with a smoked shallot broth with juicy Bo Bo chicken that develops over the course of eight hours. It's the kind of soup you believe can fix any problem, cure any illness...Even simple plates explode with flavors carefully coaxed in the kitchen. Tomato garlic fried rice is like a crispy mountain of stir-fried risotto and marinara. Creamed taro leaves taste like southeast Asian collard greens, with a hint of curry, ginger, and garlic (a Filipino dish inspired by Zapanta's heritage). Drinks are limited to a cooler where customers serve themselves water, or order an artichoke kefir iced tea, or Vietnamese black coffee. Next week they plan to introduce several homemade soft drinks including flavors like lime-ginger-mint, tamarind, or chili lychee. Until then, plan on cooling your palate with a bowl of coconut tapioca pudding, with tender miniature pearls studded with slivers of young coconut, pineapple, star fruit, and palm seeds. Simple food, masterfully executed, with no pretense.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/9/2013,230,472,5,11,4>This new spot used to be Polish restaurant Kredens, and they kept all the dark wood. The backyard will be a boon when the weather warms.While called a taqueria, this place is more of a classy sit-down sort of restaurant versus typical spartan Ridgewood and Bushwick Mexican joints. I love those places, so wasn't exactly sure what to expect. I suppose the main competitor nearby is Fajitas Sunrise.I'm not sure which region of Mexico the cuisine is based upon, but the dishes and ingredients are a bit different than your typical Pueblan taqueria; I had a burrito filled with roasted vegetables, for instance (It's rare to find a burrito on most menus in the area, period). It was tasty and seemed of high quality, as were the each of the 3 salsas that came with our chips. Strawberry-lemonade agua fresca, and homemade tres leches cake for dessert.Highly attentive and friendly service.We were the only ones there on a Saturday afternoon, but this place will surely do well in time.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/8/2013,115,172,5,8,8>I really want to give them a 4.5 actually. :)Out of all the stalls at the LIC flea and food, this was the only one selling milk tea :) don't worry, absolutely not a bad thing. I was checking out the other food stalls, and was really tempted to get a Thai iced tea at one of the stalls out front, but decided to wait till we saw what all the stalls had to offer and it's a good thing that we did. Tea n Milk is at the back of the market, but I'm sure you won't miss them! They have pretty ladies taking down your orders and handsome gentlemen brewing your milk tea behind them. I like the fact that they use actual tea bags and slices of fresh fruit and not some powder mix with artificial flavoring. Every cup is unique, freshly brewed and refreshing. I wish these guys were here at the beginning of the summer! I tried the black milk tea, while my friend got the apple green tea. Both were pretty good but I liked the apple green tea better, especially the slices of apples in the cup. Yum! At $4 for a medium and $5 for a large cup, you can't go wrong. Oh, and they'll add tapioca at no extra cost! Good job, Tea n Milk! I'll definitely be back next weekend. :)
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,11/7/2013,161,498,16,19,16>The Baul Dada Jhal Muri stand isn't always there, and the Baul Dada Jhal Muri man speaks almost no English, but if you spot it, point to signify that you would like an order, point to let him know what size you want ($3 for a cup, $5 for a box), and when he utters "medium?" shake your head and say "spicy." (Or in your case, probably just "yes.")He'll then open the many compartments in his cart-- take a little scoop of this, a little squirt of that, a sprinkle of this, a splash of that... swirls everything around in his plastic jug, and out comes a completely addictive snack of puffed rice, chickpeas, chopped red onion, tomatoes, cilantro, green chilies, roasted soybeans, and other unidentifiable tasty mix-ins.Watching him make it is part of the fun... but wait til you eat it!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/6/2013,49,149,5,10,9>I've been to Flo before for drinks and dessert, but I came for dinner here with some friends a few weeks ago.  I orders the mango martini which hit the spot. Refreshing and delicious.  Now, my food, that was another story. I order the salmon and it came out raw and cold in the middle, although I asked for it well done.  They took the salmon back and brought it out again, but it wasn't cooked completely to my liking. Some places prefer to cook salmon on the medium rare side.  Now, you may be asking, why the four stars? Because of the way they handled this.  I ordered two drinks and a friend of mine ordered a drink.  They not only comped my food but these 3 drinks.  Plus the manager came to apologize, which I very much appreciated.  The way they handled this was what will make me come back.  I thought this was the right thing to do and didn't leave me with a bad taste in my mouth.  In fact it will actually make me want to come back. And the drinks were rather tasty. =)
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,11/5/2013,219,1009,8,13,7>It was a rainy Wednesday. I took one of my dearest friends here for a belated birthday lunch. More like she took me, since she was the one who picked me up. I've wanted to come here ever since I heard that they had chicken & waffles (fried chicken forever). - Atomic Fire Balls - BEST THING on the menu. Fried mac & cheese balls with sriracha and ranch sauce. YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND. I don't even like m&c but I couldn't get enough of this.  - Chicken & Waffles - he warned me that it would be spicy (tabasco glaze), and asked if I would be okay with it. How considerate. It wasn't spicy but was rather bland, and it wasn't what I expected -- the chicken was boneless... I like mine the traditional way, bones and all. - Eggs Mc'Ruffin - this was good. Came with tots! YAY TOTS. Basically bacon and cheese on English muffin, toasted. Cute place with eclectic décor. I'll definitely come back. CASH ONLY. (They have an atm here)
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/4/2013,423,264,8,9,9>My dad use to come here for years whenever we had a computer issue so now that mine was out of commission I figured I'd give it a try for myself.I needed the video card on my Mac replaced because it was going and once it did my Mac wouldn't load past the intro Apple logo. After dropping it off I got a phone call a few days later saying what needed to be done (confirming my suspicions) and I agreed to the terms. I was issued a reciept with my name, date, type of computer, etc. Then I never heard from them again. I found it odd that they never called me back to pick up my laptop. This happened the previous time I used them also. I always had to call them to see if my item was ready for me to pick it up. I can only guesstimate as to how long a fix will take. It could be two days or it could be two weeks. I don't know if they have to special order some part from Apple or whatever. Just wish they called me to tell me my item was fixed. Nevertheless their services are cheap, fast and reliable. Their customer service is on point and very friendly. All i'm saying is call a brotha back, don't leave me hangin'...they also get props for liking my Wu-tang shirt.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,6/15/2013,254,454,5,12,8>Oh gosh, where do I begin?? This place is THE PLACE to go to for samgyupssal and nengmyun. To be honest, I haven't tried anything else on their menu except these two things, but who cares. The prices are a bit high compared to other places, but the portions are JUST right and here is how you should order (the combos come with 4 different types of pork belly):2 people - small combo3-4 people - medium combo5+ - the medium will work if you get other thingsAlso, order the pumpkin rice, as opposed to the grain rice or white rice because the rice comes out on a slice of steamed butternut squash or whatever pumpkin/squash they have at that time. It is SO GOOD.It's always a treat going here because they give you the sliced, circular shaped moo to wrap in your lettuce and kkeneep (Korean basil), the bean powder to dip your pork in, steamed egg, a side of dwen jang jjigae for free, grilled kimchi drenched in the pork belly fat, and endless supply of roasted garlic, ugh... can't get better than this place.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/14/2013,423,264,7,11,10>Went on vacation to visit family and had to leave out of JFK. I don't own a car, I didn't have anyone to drive me and I sure as hell wasn't going to spend the moeny to take a cab. My only option was to troop it. Taking the E train to the Airtrain with all my luggage on a cold Monday morning. I was a little nervous of getting lost somehow or the commute taking to long but it was quite a breeze. You have to pay an extra $5.00 to take the Airtrain but it takes a Metrocard and they have machines right by the entrance. On my way back from vacation the airtrain didnt leave the airport for mantenaince reasons. It took me over 3 hours to get home because I didnt take a cab  and the shuttle bus services were awful. That experience just makes you realize how convenient it is to take the Airtrain and how dependent people are of it. The Airtrain (when running) is an absolute life saver if only because of the $40-45 I would save in my pocket.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,6/13/2013,147,108,5,9,6>So very delighted to have found this place! Thank you God! Found this place via other yelp reviews and I definitely think this place is underhyped. Compared to its competitors, this place is cleaner, the interior decorations are way nicer, and the service (from my experiences) was impeccable. We went on a week night and there was plenty of seating whereas Sushi Village would have been packed with sucky service. We ordered AYCE sushi and started with the apps. I wasn't expecting too much since the other reviews said the apps weren't that great but I was thoroughly impressed! I forget what exactly we got but It was definitely the usual-miso soup, calamari, gyoza, etc. It was comparable or even better than Sushi villages'. The best part for me was the sushi. They go light on the rice and the fish tasted very fresh. The presentation itself was beautiful! The rolls were amazing-the eel, tuna, and salmon were all very fresh and delicious.This place doesn't strike me as an AYCE. It's more like a regular sushi place that one day decided to add AYCE on their menu. The rolls are the quality of a regular sushi place as opposed to an AYCE place where the quality if mediocre and where they pack on the rice like there's no tomorrow. This place is definitely a no brainer for me. I am a very happy customer and will be back again and again! :)
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/12/2013,83,220,13,11,7>"I love it when they call me big poppa" should be their anthem,not shady lady.nothing shady about these gangsta delicious tapa style plates-lobster tacos. fresh on the $ shizzle shazzle.-carbonora mac and cheese - a bit greasy but light and cheesy, so heavenly. only thang is that the abundance of heaviness of it makes it hard to finish (sharing)-zucchini fries and eggplant chips-yes baby oh god yes baby. GODDAMN. Ya'll serve healthy (haha) chips here. mash potato dip .  my order every time I'm here, thus far.-fried chicken- mmmmmmmmm... biscuits. fluflly and flaky ..can contend with sugar freak. -TA DA DA....the almighty seabass. I ain't even gon talk about this in length but one of the smoothest (almost buttery like) fishes I have eaten in god knows how long. I've eaten this twice the three times I've been here.-HAPPY HOUR before 8pm GULP. but if not, by the bottle homes.Service is awesome, nobody will be sorry coming hurr. Ain't nothing shady about this new restaurant . badda bing badda boom.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/11/2013,523,791,15,20,21>WHY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO COME TO THIS PLACE???Living in Queens for over 15 plus years.  Finally was able to come and try this spot!.Since my plus one and I were heading to Citifield and Watch Cirque du Soleil "TOTEM" We had extra 45 minutes to spare. Browsed thru Yelp and this place was on my Bookmarks since FOREVER!.  Came to the restaurant on a Wednesday night (7:30 PM), Half empty, chinese waiters and they were quick in serving us.  Looked thru the Entire menu (Lot of selection).  My plus one and I decided to order Pechuga de pollo a la plancha con arroz, frijoles y maduros.... and shared the order since I looked around other tables and orders were HUGE Portions.  So I told the Waiter that we are sharing the order, the waiting time for the food was less than 10 minutes, while we waited they served us white bread and butter.  Food arrived and we Inhaled it within 10 minutes!. Chicken was tender, juicy, flavorful and it wasn't oily.  the size of the Chicken was 2 large flat piece of 6X6 inches, so that was a LOT!.The waiter was so nice enough to bring us double plates and extra maduros and rice ("if you need more let me know and i'll bring it to you").At the end, bill  came out under $ 15.00 and tipped them really well for a great friendly service.I don't really have to go all the way on Upper East or West side for a Spanish / Chinese food.**************************CASH ONLY***********************
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,6/10/2013,393,406,21,16,15>Fortune Cookie is the first and only Chinese food I have gotten in LIC (Mr. Wonton looks terrifying) but I am quite happy with it. I don't order Chinese a lot, but have probably eaten here 15-20 times in the last year.The standards are all good, and some of the more authentic dishes (sorry, General Tso) can also be great. I really like their chicken with cashews and the cold sesame noodles are always solid. Every time we order, they remember us and delivery is at the door within 20 minutes. Everything you could ask for in a Chinese delivery place.The first time we ordered from here and picked it up ourselves, the manager was doing 15 things at once, his shirt was disheveled and he was covered in duck sauce. He was hilarious and really friendly. A week later, I was at Citibank and saw him in a suit depositing a fortune. I am convinced he lives a double life, and have dubbed him lo mein Bruce Wayne.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2013,6/9/2013,242,92,5,12,7>This location's Red Velvet slices are always a hit or miss. Unfortunately, most of the time it is a miss.Martha's is definitely one of the better bakeries in Queens, however, the quality of their products is extremely inconsistent. Most of the slices I have purchased this past year tasted like it had been sitting out for days. The easiest way to lose your customers' business is to sell old products; businesses that are guilty of this save money initially but harm their business severely in the long-run. On top of that, Martha's overprices almost all of their products. Although they have a golden refund policy, I just do not have the time to go back to the store after every trip. Sorry.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,6/8/2013,149,276,10,11,12>Based on the name, one would think it's a hardware store or general supply store until you peer in and see it is a small dinette setting, a nice place for brunch. Not that you can't have lunch (I certainly have) or dinner. The first time I was here, I read all the reviews beforehand saying how good the bacon items are, so I find out which items have bacon but there is no bacon mac n cheese today, only mushroom mac n cheese. I didn't have time for the Bacon Brunch this day. I order the mushroom mac n cheese which comes with the rotisserie chicken. I also order a bacon brownie ($3.50 at the time of this writing). Pizza is only available on the weekends from about 10am-3pm as I am told, their menu changed so I would call ahead.The white cheese mixed in with the taste of mushrooms made for an awesome flavored mac n cheese, the cheese flavor was pronounced but not overwhelming with just the right touch of milky flavor. It was thick and chunky, 50% mushrooms and 50% mac, and without skimping on the cheese, over all very good. Again, the mac n cheese came accompanied with the rotisserie chicken but you can order it separately. The charred rotisserie chicken skin was flavorful with notes of lemon or lime and other spices but not spicy, it was very good, but only a little better than I do in my Ronco. The meat was soft but not juicy, if it were a little more done, I'd call it dry, it was right in the middle. What I liked was that tips of the bone, like the wing and tiny drumstick, were crisped out and I could crunch on a piece like a potato chip, that is an art. The bacon brownie was pretty darn good but nothing too special, it was a very good regular tasting brownie. The bacon part made sound like it was infused with bacon or something or bacon baked in it. No, it's just a topping of a few cut up slice of bacon. It only had one piece of bacon inside it. The bacon did enhance the brownie but nothing I would call a bacon brownie, please call it a brownie topped with bacon.With a friendly staff who answered the phone right away, at least when I called and helpful in person staff gets a plus in my book. You can't blame the place for being small. But if it gets busy it gets crowded because of the narrow aisle for ordering and the 10 or so limited seating. However, the decor is pretty to quaint.Yeah, the food is a little more expensive than average but the food is above average, so it's a fair balance. I'm still waiting until I have time to get to other bacon items like the pizza and brunch.Another time
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/7/2013,106,721,7,10,9>Sweets First Bakeshoppe enters that very hotly contested market of gourmet cupcakes.  So what separates them from the rest?  Well, it's a small mom and pop shop that not only serves up cupcakes but also sandwiches and breakfast items for a very reasonable price.  They have a variety of unique flavors for their cupcakes such as broccoli and cheese and other fanciful names like the terminator.  Unlike most cupcakes that are made, these aren't sickly sweet (although I do crave that sometimes).  The sweetness is more muted and the size of the cupcakes are more normally sized than the gigantic portions at Crumbs.  The cake portion itself is moist and overall everything was good.  The seinfeld which features broccoli and cheese was definitely nothing I was expecting.  The small bits of cheese adds a bit of richness to the sweetness of the cake/frosting that actually worked much better than I expected.  $3 can get you a sandwich and under $3.00 ($2.75 if I recall correctly) will get you a cupcake.  Get a sandwich, cupcake, and a drink and you'll get a special price for around $6.00.They're off the main drag and you'll have to go a little bit out of your way from the movie theater and the beer garden, but stop on by and give em a shot.  The owners are incredibly friendly and  they do have a small dining area.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/6/2013,427,354,7,11,10>I awaited my return to Cheap Shots and last weekend became a reality. A random Saturday night and we just wanna dance and not pay much to do so...((Enter Cheap Shots))5$ cover for ladies, which isn't expensive at all! We had our bags and IDs checked outside beside a nice little heat lamp by some friendly security gentlemen. That set the mood nicely. Security was friendly and thorough and I felt safe and assured no weapons were getting in the spot. Gotta love it. As you enter you pay your $5 at the little podium and get your hand x'd (in red indicating you paid..not 2 black ones saying your a baby) Then there is the sea of party people. All crowding the bar and standing around. No one dancing just yet. Mind you it's about 1:30am. BUT to their defense the DJ was playing some awful music.  Let me rephrase. Not awful but nothing anyone in here seemed interested in. It was some reggaeton/aventura/mariachi band business which are all great when you're looking to get your Flamenco and Bachata on but with only 1 table of about 3 little Latinas who were too busy texting to dance to their native shxt it was pretty much just noise...So on the the next genre Mr. DJ ! My friends sauntered over to the dj to request something a bit more fun to get the crowd going. Within minutes he had some dancehall chunes and the crowd was in full swing. Gyal a bend over and all that great reggae dancehall dancing ! Now the party had started and it was safe to say it did tun up fi true!The drinks were decent. I was driving so Designated B only had a sip of my friends Long Island($4 ladies night!) maybe a hour or so after she ordered it so the ice was all melted, the glass was sweaty, and pretty much not the best time to judge. I'm assuming it was pretty good when she ordered it though...and cheap!The music kept up pretty well with more dancehall, hip hop, and some throwback &B. I'm talking real slow jams. Butter Love and Bump and Grind type stuff.After a while my friends and I were invited to a game of pool, which soounded like fun. BUT the one pool table in the spot was occupied. To stay busy while we waited we played free basketball. (is it always free?! That is awesome if so!) Not a single quarter was placed in that machine and I stayed there for maybe 40 minutes to an hour putting up shots. (Young MJ in the building!) They also have a punching thing game. You know the one I mean. You punch it to see how strong you are yada yada. Free as well I believe.As the night (morning rather) came to a close the security nicely strolled around and told everyone they had to get their stuff and go. They were nice enough and didn't get angry when we continued to linger.Overall a decent time. With the games added it throws some variety to your typical night out at the bar. Is this my first choice of spots to go to? Eh... top 5 because its super close, cheap, and since I go to St. John's I'm sure to see some familiar faces. Of course this is strictly a last minute-can-we-get-a-drink-I-just-wanna-dance-on-­the-cheap night spot.Glad I returned.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,6/2/2012,11,103,3,4,3>Our meal at Trattoria L'incontro was, in a word, perfect. The service is friendly and professional. The talkative waiters wil fluently rattle off a list of specials that is longer than the menu itself. Warm focaccia is served with an addictive sun-dried tomato spread. We were already in a good mood. We ordered a crisp, fresh salad with pomegranate seeds, a perfect starter. I enjoyed Trattoria L'Incontro's signature ravioli in a flavorful, well-balanced sauce.  Save room for dessert. The semifreddo is to die for. Does that meal sound perfect, or what?
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,6/1/2012,149,276,2,6,3>There are sweeter and more mind pleasing sensations better than biting into a donut made of chocolate dough and then dipped in a chocolate syrup to create an outer shell that is slightly hinting on a side that is a chocolate-crisp yet buttery-smooth and soft before chewing on the inner dough that is moist and melts away along with the outer shell. But when I do bite into those double chocolate made confections, those other sweeter and more pleasing sensations come in second. Entenmann's version is pretty good for a packaged product. I normally see and buy them at my local supermarket for $4-$5 a box, at best they might have it on sale for $2.50-At this Entenmann's Outlet you can get those donuts for $2.00 a box or 3 boxes for $5.00. -They also have $5 for 5 boxes of their pound cake.-Thomas English Muffins for $3 for 3 or I believe it's $1.25 each, it's still a bargain compared to supermarkets.-There are other assortments like muffins and other cakes, as well as soda, milk, coffee, cookies, nuts, candies and chips. Powerade, Doritos and other name brand goods for sale also.When you enter you can see that the design of the place is styled to bring out a Entenmann's brand feel from their white and navy blue colored checkered floor that matches all those boxes. The place is bright. The store is small but has a variety of treats and in limited quantities at times because at such a good price they go off the shelves quickly, hurry go!Four stars for being such a bargain, being clean/bright, as fresh as can be and satisfying a simple need in it's category with such a small store.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,5/31/2012,65,147,4,10,4>I could not wait to come home from here this evening and write this review. Our cat, Toby was feeling very ill over the last couple of days. I don't want to go into too much detail, but it was all GI related stuff and he was lethargic and just completely out of sorts. By Friday afternoon, seeing as Toby was still looking and feeling quite ill - It was time to get him to the Vet. I have to say, I am both extremely critical and respectful of Veterinarians - my mother is a practicing Veterinarian and I know how demanding and intense this job can be. Since my mom practices out in Jersey, we had to find an option closer to home in Astoria. I had been recommended this place by my good friend and was floored by the amazing yelp reviews.The hours here are great - 8am to 9pm. Perfect for those who work late. And they have emergency and walk-ins! It was perfect for a first time client. While in the waiting room, I was greeted by the entire village of Astoria! Everyone here seemed to be locals and really caring pet-owners. Everyone was chatting up a storm, and Toby was more than pleased with the throngs of kids wanting to pet him!After an hour (hey we didn't have an appointment, it was nice they could even fit us in) we saw Dr. Smith. She was amazing! I knew I could trust her immediately because she graduated from Ohio State's Vet school - same as my mom - and my own alma mater. She was wonderful and ruled things out right away and immediately gave Toby the proper treatment. She told us to get dinner, come back in 1.5hours and he'd be fine!When we picked him up, he was all better and healthy! Again, GI problem - it was a quick fix - don't want to go into details. The prices for these fantastic services was more than reasonable. I am so grateful for Dr. Smith's warmth and kindness and complete help to us in this matter. Will definitely be back again...just hopefully not too soon!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,5/29/2012,238,433,7,9,8>When El Shater left 43rd and 43rd, the loss of great tasting, homemade Middle Eastern food was downright depressing. The opening of Habibi (yelp.com/biz/habibi-sunn) really helped with the recovery. But while one of the brothers that ran El-Shater opened up Habibi, the original has returned! The founder of the original El Shater has returned to open Souk El Shater this weekend. While the initial attempt to move El Shater to Astoria fell through, I am sure the Sunnyside community will welcome him back with open arms.While the space is slightly smaller and the inventory of packaged goods are much smaller, the gyro machine and window display with all the homemade staples (hummus, falafel, spinach/meat pies, baba ghanouj, and grape leaves) and sweets (Baklava and Kounafa) are there. The falafel, beef/chicken Shawarma, and Kafta sandwiches are still reasonably priced at $3.50, and the platters (which come with salad and rice/french fries) are a bit pricier at $9. Special combo platters (3 skewers, chicken cutlet, or beef steak) are $10 each. While the platter prices are a bit on the higher side, most items are priced exactly the same as Habibi. It is quite exciting to now have TWO options for homemade Lebanese food, and both are within a block of each other. Short-term pain for long-term gain.Welcome back El Shater!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,5/28/2012,102,568,15,19,18>Do you want to witness a LIVE OCTOPUS cooked right in front of you?  Then Sik Gaek is just the place where you can find a ginormous seafood hot pot filled with fresh 'n live sea creatures cooked right before your eyes.  I came here with a group of friends on a cold winter night last December.  I must admit that I loooved the whole seafood-eating experience even though I am not a huge seafood lover.  This place is a bit cramped but mighty cozy for a hot pot gathering!  I find it very cute, friendly, and welcoming of every staff to immediately go and shout a Korean greeting when the guests arrive at Sik Gaek.  I cannot remember the greeting because I haven't eaten here enough times.  Care to remind me?  ^^TIPS:  You will definitely need a least 6-8 people to finish the entire seafood hot pot!  Be prepared for the octopus to break out of prison aka crawl out of the hot pot.. lol because the amount of seafood will overflow the pot itself.As per Chris Hansen from Serious NY Eats, "Sik Gaek roughly translates to 'meal for guests'....." But I think it should be translated to.. *a meal that the guests will NEVER forget*.  =D
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,5/27/2012,116,655,9,13,11>When I moved to New York, one thing I loathed was food shopping. The tiny aisles. The sweet, but very slow and cumbersome grandmas. $6 for a box of cereal. Old bruised apples. Dirty floors.But no more! Because when I moved to Queens, lo and behold is a supermarket I looooove! First and foremost, I gotta have me some fresh produce. From collard greens to tomatoes to pears to poblanos to cactus fruit - its all fresh. Its beautiful raw food in amazing variety and glory. And its not nearly as expensive as some neighboring stores. This alone is enough to keep me coming here.Second is the international products. Soy sauce, arborio rice, lentils, gnocchi, mai fun, pureed tropical fruits, beans, pesto - you name it. It may take a little hunting - but they almost always have it. (I'd love them to switch their tofu brands though!)Third, meats and cheeses have a great selection and value. I buy tons of meat in bulk and i love trying new things from the dairy section.The seafood section is small but will most likely have what you need. There is also a deli and olive bar and a spot for baked goods. Frozen foods has your basics. And the store is all logically laid out and clean.The manager (in a suit and usually right in front of the tomato display) is super nice, helpful, and fast! I love that he's always on the job and keeps this place humming.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,5/26/2012,142,211,3,11,13>Going to Cafe Arzu is somewhat of an adventure. An authentic trip to a Soviet outpost restaurant. The place itself is located in a nondescript location off of Queens Blvd (a boulevard so large and inhuman that you could almost convince yourself that you were back in the USSR). The restaurant has no letter grade. The place serves no liquor (although BYOV aka bring-your-own-vodka is encouraged). The menu is in Russian and in English, and in many instances, the Russian version has more items on it than the English. Service appears to be unfriendly (although this is not true) due to furrowed brows, and you'll find few English-speakers there. Most items on the menu can be customized. Other items are requested by special order only (phone a day in advance). Yet other items are listed on the menu but not available. Ration shortages or something. JK. So authentic. To most, these minor snafus could be turn-offs; but to me, I love it.My meal there was great. Thankfully we got a friendly English-speaking waitress (from Tajikistan!) who gave us her recommendations and happily supplied us with dainty little tea cups into which was poured our BYO vodka. Na zdorovye! Then came in the Bukharian / Uzbek / Russian melange of half-portion salads: tomato and cucumber, spiked with tons of till; and a garlicky Korean carrot salad. Standard items, albeit super tasty, and best paired with Cafe Arzu's freshly baked lepyoshka or Uzbek bread with sesame seeds. Uighur laghman is a Central Asian stand-by and is done particularly well (maybe even better than Cafe Kashkar in Brooklyn) with springy noodles, a spicy broth and vegetables galore. Lamb kebabs, lamb ribs and chicken kebabs are all stellar meat choices, served with mild and crisp vinegary onions.  I'm in heaven until the waitress brings a plate of little fried pelmeni, which is a rare preparation of the ubiquitous Russian dumpling.Once you are into the midst of your meal, you will notice that the place is hopping, with families, groups of young couples and friends, most of whom speaking Russian, most of whom are laughing and taking more and more shots of vodka. I love the atmosphere, and may just have a major crush on Cafe Arzu.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,5/25/2012,361,716,18,20,15>Along the vein of "it takes a village to raise a child," sometimes it takes everyone in a store to order food for a gringo. Tienda Guatemalteca is truly an undiscovered gem. It has all the characteristics that yelping foodies like: 1) authentic ethnic food, 2) no one speaks English, 3) no one else who is not have that ethnicity is around, 4) really good food and 5) incredibly inexpensive.When I walked inside, the eyes of the lady working behind the counter got really big and round and everyone stopped eating and stared at me. I think they thought I was lost and wanted directions. When I tried to order food, my goodness, the excitement! No one spoke English well, so the few people who were around tried to help me with their broken English. With their help and my little knowledge of Spanish (thank goodness I grew up in LA) I managed to order some food.Tienda Guatemalteca is a little bodega that has a little hot bar at the back that serves delicious Guatemalan food. Nothing fancy. Just down home cooking that you would expect from a little Guatemalan mother or grandmother slaving away at the stove top.Let me tell you how cheap this place is. A tamale, a plate with rice, black beans, and a short rib stew AND a Guatamalan popsicle came out to $6.75. I don't know how much each of the components cost because quite frankly ordering was such an ordeal that I couldn't bear to try to have another conversation with them. Don't get me wrong, they're really sweet people, but the communication barrier was really painful.Me: Uno tamale por favor.Him: Tamale. That's it?Me: Arroz, frijoles --Him: No rice. No rice in tamale. No beans in tamale. Only chicken.Me: Yes. Uno tamale AND arroz, frijoles --Him: NO RICE! ONLY CHICKEN!This continues ad naseum until one of the customers with slightly better English figured out that the little Asian girl wanted more food and not a different kind of tamale.The Guatemalan tamale is a wet tamale cooked in plantain leaves and boiled (Mexican tamales are cooked in corn husks and steamed). It's not a style that I particularly like because it's too wet more me. The masa is too mushy and falls apart. The plate of fluffy rice, black beans, and short rib stew was amazing. Really good. The short rib was succulent and tender from the long slow cooking process. I loved the big pieces of long beans and carrots. The carrots added a nice sweetness to the stew. A tad too salty, but terrific stick to your ribs comfort food. And considering how cheap it is (they gave me two large pieces of short ribs), I think it's cheaper to eat here than to cook! Especially since I was able to stretch this out to two meals.Yelpers, you guys need to get here because this is about as real as it gets. And for dessert, I had a Guatemalan paleta! Because it was a warm day, I chose to have watermelon because I wanted something refreshing. It was fresh, sweet, crisp and utterly delectable! It really tasted like a frozen watermelon. I could tell it was made from real fruit because I found little seeds in my paleta, which just added to the charm of this delightful popsicle.Fantastic food, incredible prices, and another popsicle for the popsicle throwdown!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,5/23/2012,65,127,8,10,9>I have to say thank you to Yelper Kate P for initiating the April Challenge.  That is what prompted me to search for places in my neighborhood with only a few reviews and that is how I came across Claudio's Cafe.  Boy - am I glad that I did.  I will be a frequently flyer here moving forward.  Claudio's is open for breakfast lunch and dinner, they deliver as well if you happen to be in the nabe.  Just remember that they only take cash.  Empanadas will run you $2.50/pc.  Torta was $6.  Tacos are $2.25 each and the most expensive menu item is the grilled steak special at $7.50Claudio's has been around since last spring.  It is on Astoria Blvd diagonally across from the Astoria Manor and if you blink, you will miss it.  It will not win awards for ambiance but it makes up for it with great food and a charming & talented proprietor.  The day that I went with my favorite Yelper Billy V, they had just flipped the equipment to the other side of the store in an effort to create just a bit more room for patrons while also solving some space issues behind the counter as well.  While I did not notice that the food took particularly long or that anything was amiss, the cook apologized several times for the "chaotic" experience.  While I waited, I enjoyed reading all of the awards and letters of recognition that Claudio has posted on his walls.  Also while we waited, we watched a few regulars pop in and order the special for the day to go.I got a little carried away when I ordered and we wound up with a bunch of food for only two people.  I asked for it to come out whenever it was ready so we had a steady stream of dishes coming at us.  The first up was the cheese empanadas which were delightfully light.  The cheese was delicious with a perfect consistency.  It wasn't too stringy yet still had some body to it.  It wasn't so hot as to burn the roof of my mouth but it was still hot.  The pastry was crispilicious.  It came with a perfectly tangy-spicy sauce that complimented the empanadas.  I haven't place all of the ingredients yet but I will be back to figure that out!Next up was the pork tacos which were seriously rich in flavor.  Not your typical ho-hum taco.   These are made - your way.   You desire spicy?  extra onion?  Cooked to your specs and tossed together to order.  All toppings are chopped in to the mix and tossed before loaded for a bad ass blend.  I didn't need a garnish.  It was beautiful in it's own right.I have had Torta Milanese from Mexican fast food stands all over NYC and this one stood out the moment I wrapped my lips around it's special bun.  This sandwich was perfectly constructed.  I cannot put my finger on what was different about the bread but it was different from the typical torta roll - I can only  describe it as "better".  The chicken was tender and juicy and there was just a hint of mayo instead of the typical amount that slides all over the place.  Then of course - the avocado pulled it all together.We finished with the chicken empanadas which in my opinion had just the right amount of potato.  It was a bit juicy inside, loaded with flavor.  My personal distaste for peas was appeased - mine didn't have even one however I believe that was a fortuitous fluke because Yelper Billy V had peas in his.Save a seat for me Claudio!  I will be back soon.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,5/22/2012,244,178,10,4,4>Well, being that I only remember the first half of my evening here, I have to say I like this place. When I ordered a Jameson on the rocks for my friend and a Ketel One martini for myself, the total was, like $13 or $14. For both. I was all "Hell yeah!" and from that point on, things got fuzzy.I do recall there being some whiskey shots being sent over to my friend and I, and I know I enjoyed my martini because there was another round of them after the first. I am pretty sure I made out with an Irish guy at the bar. I'm also pretty sure he keeps texting me, though I have no recollection of giving him my number.It has a nice neighborhood feel, and the patrons here tend to be less sketchy than the ones who frequent Break Bar across the street. I remember there being a large contingency of Irish folk here, including the bartender and several customers, and the bartender seemed to know everyone-probably a lot of regulars here. I don't know if I can show my face here again after the night I had, but I like this place and it's pretty cheap, so I might just have to come back.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,11/23/2012,158,189,8,10,7>Either my fellow Yelpers were wrong or Namaste was quick to fix the issues gathered from the feedback from weeks past and made adjustments. I say this because on my visit to Namaste last night I was presented with an enjoyable meal and experience.  I was very nervous about eating here after I read the past reviews and almost cancelled my reservation. I am glad that I stuck with my gut feeling on this one. I came here with the GF and we were greeted warmly and seated promptly. Our initial waiter (I'll get to that "initial" part later) was very pleasant and friendly. I told him about using the Yelp check in offer (25% off) when we got in and he said no problem we'll take care of that at the end. His demeanor never changed once we mentioned that. He brought us some Papad (Indian cracker) with some Chutney and Tamarind to start us off with. The sauces has nice spice to them and you could tell that they were made fresh and the pepad was nice and crisp.  I got a Taj beer (they were out of King Fisher, but I honestly liked the Taj better) and our waiter let us take in the vast menu. He took our appetizer order of Vegetable samosas and Pattharka Gosht  (sliced lamb) and said he would come back for the mains as we wanted our apps to come out first. A few minutes later they came out and I was happy. The samosas were piping hot, crispy and flaky. The flavors were nice although I felt like it needed a sauce. It probably does not come that way, that's just my opinion. The Pattharka Gosht  (say that 3 times fast) was wonderful. The lamb was so freaking tender I was able to easily cut it with a butter knife and the spices were nice. Not too overpowering but you knew they were there. While we were eating our apps I noticed that our waiter was no where to be found. I then noticed a waitress (I think her name was Swati, forgive me if I misspelled it) going from table to table. She was all by herself but she swung by our table and took our main course order and again a few minutes later out came our Garlic Naan, Shrimp Saag and Lamb Vindaloo. Oh and our FREE rice.  At about that time we saw our waiter again and he brought me out another beer.The Garlic Naan was great, nice and puffy and you could smell the garlic wafting (yes I said wafting) off of it.  The Shrimp Saag was also good. I do not usually get that but my GF does and she said it was really good. (she ordered it medium and there was just a little heat to it, perfect for her). My Lamb Vindaloo was great. nice chunks of lamb and potato and the spice was right on. I asked for it spicy and the sweat beading down my forehead let me know it was just that.   The rice that came out with it was also good. Cooked nicely with great fragrant spices. Again while eating our main course I noticed the waiter was MIA, but our waitress came by to make sure everything was good. The manager also came by to ask the same.  Later on I found out why he had been disappearing. Turns out they had two people call in sick and he was doing local deliveries.  We did have a slight wait in between courses but Swati made sure we were well taken care of. Really in the end it was no big deal.  The whole staff was really great and made up for any breaks in service.In the spirit of full disclosure I will admit I do not eat Indian food a lot but I happen to be a professional Fat Kid and I know what good food tastes like.  This was good and the portion sizes were adequate. we got 2 apps, an order of naan and 2 mains and I have enough left over for the two of us to eat a meal again. Like I said earlier Namaste must have made some changes based on the feedback they got because our experience was enjoyable and I thought the food was good. For that and the fact that they kept the service running relatively smoothly despite being short staffed, I will be back.   Now if you'll excuse me i have some good Indian leftovers to devour!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/22/2012,289,416,11,13,14>Due to the fact that every guitarist wants to have Dunlop's Cry Baby Wah Wah Pedal, I set out to check Guitar Center after realizing that Amazon cannot timely deliver this item.  I kept away from Guitar Center because it was right beside Chuckie Cheese and I'm convinced that a life spent without walking into a Chuckie Cheese is a life well-lived.  ~_-As I walked in the store I realized that it is not only a Guitar Center but that it  was also filled with other musical instruments like drums and keyboards,  as well. I can spend hours in here and ignore the thought that Chuckie Cheese is next door. Service was efficient and quick.  I had called earlier and the guy assured me they carried the Wah Wah in stock.  As I walked over to the counter and told them what I needed, they got it for me and I paid for it, all in less than three (3) minutes. It probably helped that there were not a lot of people in the store as it was a weekday.  So now I can play ala-Jimi Hendrix.  Or not.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/21/2012,1007,752,12,18,15>Bangin!! Straight up Bangin!Villa Brazil is literally just around the corner from my friend's house. The food is amazing for it's price! If you enjoyed eating at Green Field Churrascaria or Master Grill back in the day, you are definitely gonna love this spot! The layout is kinda like a buffet/salad bar. They have several dishes to choose from in those 2 sections but where you really wanna go is to their kitchen window where the meats are. Right next to the window is where they grill up their goodies. The grilled meats they have are just to die for. They have mouth watering hanger steaks, ribs, chicken hearts, and more. Just ask the guy what you want or if you don't know what you want, just have him show you what he has available and you can sample a piece to see whether if you like it or not.They charge by the weight of your platter so don't fill yours up with the cheap stuff. First I added a thin layer of rice, skipped everything else and went straight to the kitchen window for the meats. I got beautifully sliced steaks, a giant piece of rib, and a whole bunch of chicken hearts. To top things off, I added a few pieces of yucca because it's light and delicious. With the amount of meat I got, it came out to only $12 and change!! My friend's platter was almost double of what I had and his was only $17 and that's because he loaded up on rice and yucca.Beverages - They got some Made in Brazil Guarana soda (pretty delicious, $2), about 3 different beers, and some American sodas like Coke, Ginger Ale, etc.Verdict - Simply amazing. If you want desserts, they have plenty of sweet stuff by the register too. I'm definitely coming back here again soon for their hanger steaks. Perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. I haven't had such a great meal for such low price in quite some time. The yuccas here are nice and crispy, the rice is okay, just go for the meats! It won't disappoint! You're gonna eat like a champ over here!Tip - According to my friend, don't go on Wednesdays because the man behind the grill is off. Some other guy works that day and he doesn't man the grill as well as the other dude.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,11/20/2012,545,1338,15,14,15>Stand up straight.Don't slouch.Never compromise on your height.Posture is key when you're holding a bow and arrow in position. Add to that string tension and focus and you've got yourself the makings of a bullseye.Leave it to major motion pictures to popularize archery. Some would argue it was Robin Hood. My sister would say it was Legolas. The squealing tweens would cry Hunger Games. I won't say which brought us to Queens Archery but we arrived with Living Social in hand, a car ride, and a braid in our hair.The experience was exhilarating and similar to the shooting range but with less danger. The introductory instruction period was thorough and micromanaging but I guess it was key because it all worked. You will leave wanting to shoot more. You may be a little bit bruised and banged up. You might even be sore but it's all part of the experience. Follow directions and your arms will be just fine. I loved all the deer on the wall and the feel of shooting an arrow on to target. Just call me Katniss.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/19/2012,406,1092,4,7,5>Sunnyside isn't exactly the place to go for good places to eat, but after Salt & Fat, I was a believer of the neighborhood. Molly Blooms were one of those places that have been on my radar for a while, and going there for brunch was the perfect opportunity to check it out.When you walk into Molly Blooms, it sort of feels like you're walking into someone's home that has converted their first floor into a full-fledged bar. The bar is located on the left side with a couple tables in front and along the right-side. Just beyond that, are the bathrooms and a tiny tiny kitchen that 2-3 chefs operate. Seating is very sparse inside, so the outdoor backyard area is opened with a dozen or so wooden tables. From here, you can really take note that this place was once someone's home, as you can see that the 2nd and 3rd floors to the building are someone's living quarters still. The outdoor dining area is quite nice and serene, taking you away from the Queens Blvd. traffic. There is a retractable awning to cover you from the sun's rays and any other elements. However, one thing that we found somewhat annoying were the many caterpillars crawling on the tables, flowerpots and benches and flies flying every which way. It somewhat put myself in a state of paranoia making sure that no caterpillars would drop in my cup of coffee from the tree above.I ordered the Fish & Chips ($14.50). Yes, prices did go up as from prior Yelp reviews, and their website's menu that is still priced to this day, at $12.00. Their famous burger is now $9.95 as well, as opposed to the much more popular $7 price tag. My entree included two medium-sized pieces of battered cod, with a perfectly flaky and moist inside and a crispy and not too greasy exterior. Half a lemon was provided to add some acidity to the fish. The side of addicting tartar sauce was well-balanced with creaminess and texture that gave the fish some extra oomph. The side of hand cut steak-like fries were good. The fries were extra crispy on the outside and soft inside. It wasn't the most filling, but a tolerable portion so that you won't feel overstuffed. I guess this entree errs more on the side of excellent quality rather than quantity.I also tried Joyce's Parisian Ham & Gruyere Sandwich ($9.95) sitting in between brown multigrain bread, and slathered with dijon mustard and 4 small French Cornichons, which are small pickled gherkins, served on toothpicks. Served on the side is a choice of fries: Original, Sweet Potato, or Curly. I really enjoyed this sandwich, the bread was crispy, the ham was salty, and the gruyere was melted to a gooey consistency. The dijon mustard was just enough to be noticeable yet not overpowering. It was a very enjoyable sandwich, and is the perfect choice for those grilled cheese fanatics looking for a little twist. The curly fries were extra crispy, which I totally enjoyed in my ketchup, mayo, and pepper concoction. Yum!Service was superb here as our waitress constantly and consistently came to check up on us every 10 minutes. Coffee ($1.50) and drink refills came in a heart's beat without a moment to waste. The attentiveness was definitely there as she came by asking if we needed any additional condiments like mayo or mustard, and she also noticed that the sun was beating down on me and asked if I would like the shade to be deployed.We both enjoyed our food at Molly's, though I did feel like prices were ever so slightly steep for the Sunnyside area. However, there drinks are fairly cheap. I did forget to mention that during brunch, they have $4 mimosa, bloody mary specials. And their everyday draft beers range from $4.50 to - $6.00 which ain't too shabby. That alone, makes Molly Blooms a worthy place to check out.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,11/18/2012,226,636,4,7,8>I'm not a huge fan of bubble tea, my gf put me onto it a few years back when she use to work close to Chinatown and there was a bubble tea joint at every corner. A few jobs later and a move to Astoria and it's been a long time since either of us had some bubble tea. Since we're a 15 second walk from Tapioca Story, we HAD to see if there bubble tea stacked up. We made our first visit on a scorcher of day this summer. Let's start of with the positives; fast friendly service, a free taste of their homemade ice cream and most importantly; our bubble tea's were top notch and definitely comparable to the ones we use to grab in Chinatown. I went with a french vanilla while the lady had oen of the fruit based tea's and we were both pleasantly surprised at the quality of the teas! However, they had no AC, what looked like dining room chairs from someones living room and a odd assortment of baked goods. I'm sure they'll get there act together and be an awesome addition to the ever growing 30th Avenue foodie scene, but I'll give that last star once everything is clickin' in here. Plan on taking their delicious teas to go!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/17/2012,509,142,5,5,5>Spicy spicy spicy!!! Just the way I like it.If you can't tolerate SUPER spicy food, this place is not for you. I was here last night having dinner for a friends birthday and it was delicious. We ordered 10 different dishes. I highly recommend that you give each of their cold platters a try. They are all very yummy. My favorite is their spicy fish head!!! It is the bomb!!! My only complaint is their service is very crappy. The staff is not attentive and forgets to bring you some of the dishes you ordered. If u want something, you have to call out to them. Otherwise, they won't come to u to clean your table or ask u if u need anything else. Tip: Make sure you order their can herbal tea or soda bc water is NOT going to help tone down the spicy taste is your mouth.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/16/2012,593,1089,17,16,12>go deep! go falafel balls-deep! do it for science, hunger, and of course, for Yelp!I've only recently begun to explore the Fresh Meadows area (my new dentist is there), and while it's not the most accessible neighborhood, it's worth the trek (for those without cars - there's a ton of buses that stop along Union Turnpike).start by picking falafel, grilled chicken, and chicken or lamb shawarma; then, whether you want it in pita, laffa, a platter, or on a salad. customize with your choice of sides and veggies, ranging from crisp peppers to grilled onions, babaganoush and hummus to rice and french fries.of course I chose the platter - you know how us Yelp Fat FUCs work! 8 bucks translated to several falafel balls, chickpeas, red cabbage, hummus, babaganoush, pita, and tahini sauce (chickpea overload mode!). the falafel was crunchy, flavorful, and best of all FRESH TA DEF. the vegetables were solid; that red cabbage was great . the hummus was smooth and creamy, and the babaganoush had a little kick to it.it's tiny shop with a few seats that gets pretty busy around dinner time, but the guys behind the counter work fast. besides the usual drinks they also have Israeli juices and soda.with an excellent customizable, delicious and inexpensive menu, Sizzle Falafel and Shawarma is certainly a hidden gem here in the farther reaches of Q-boro!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/15/2012,225,493,6,7,7>This is a great place to ensure you get a pleasant burger experience.  The setting is very relaxed and the waitstaff uses smart phones to take orders.For the beef patty we opted for the classic served with dill pickle relish, apple smoked onions and ketchup.  It was good, but turned out not to be our favorite.  That award goes to the bison burger that we got  maple bacon style which was served with sharp cheddar, blackened maple bacon, lettuce, tomato, raw red onion and mayo.  This was a really great burger, so flavorful.The rings and fries combo comes with 4 dipping sauces, the spicy chipolte mayo and the Bareburger special sauce were my favorites.  The fries were tender, but not overly crispy.  The onion rings were great , super crispy and they were awesome with the dipping sauces.Maybe next time I'll be a bit more adventurous and try something like elk.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/14/2012,227,484,3,6,8>It's about time that Forest Hills finally got a weekly Farmers Market!This market is located right on Queens Blvd, in the local street just outside the Post Office.  The Post office is closed on Sunday's so great use of the block.Go to the vegetable stand on the corner, across from Bui Bella.  Search through the corn and find only the good ones with no missing kernels.  The sweetest corn every week.  Trust me on this.Good find with the other vendors too, I finally found my Cinderella Pumpkin this year.  The apple pie from the apple orchard (forget it's name), is awesome they use whole sliced apples that keep their form and it's a simple pie.  Apples, great crust, and a little bit of lemon juice for a tartness.  Not too sweet.I hope they return every spring.  Right now they're schedule is EVERY SUNDAYS just after July 4th through November.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,2/12/2014,364,373,5,14,12>New World Mall Food Court is one crazy place with activity. I was overwhelmed by the scores of people eating, waiting on line, checking out the scene which made for a wonderful Sunday afternoon. New World Mall Food Court is definitely a destination place for any New Yorker, as well as visitors to our great city.Now, I have always been a food court fan, but I had no idea what I was getting into. The place is full of delicious stands of Korean, Japanese, Chinese and ever style of Asian cooking. This American/Greek/Latin boy was out of his comfort zone. The wife and I bookmark a couple of places, but as we walked by the stands around the perimeter, I wanted one of everything. Yum. I would recommend newbies like me to order a bubble tea or any other delicious drink available and sit. Then, observe and enjoy the scene. Check out all the good food being enjoyed and a few of the stands. After a few minutes of this, make a selection by only ordering one dish at a time. This way you can enjoy as many dishes as possible from the different stands.Overall, New World Mall Food Court is a HOME RUN. I tried Tea Twitter, Mojoilla Fresh and Lanzhou Handmade Noodle all good and I will review individually. I highly recommend New World Mall Food Court. Enjoy..........
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,2/11/2014,102,568,9,13,10>An awesome brunch spot w/ LIVE music... recommended by my SiSter!- Small and Intimate atmosphere.  Cozy and romantic!-Delicious and tasty brunch menu.  A real continental breakfast!My order:*Eggs Benedict*-Perfect Eggs (Both eggs were still running by the first cut through. Simply the best I've had thus far!!!!)-The right amount of Hollandaise Sauce used.-English muffin texture was just right.-Hash brown was crispy!-Prefect portion size for me.  Stuffed happily!!My Fiancé's order:*Breakfast Burger* w/ Fries-Perfect temperature! (Asked for Medium and got exactly what he wanted)-Super juicy (extremely moist meat)-Flavorful and seasoned very well-Unique (The burger was on top of an english muffin)-Delicious overeasy egg on top of burger. -Breakfast Burger really means egg on top of burger hehe-Fries were so crispy!-A little messy to eat though, but it's ok.. the thick napkin helped! We both ordered the same Coffee.The French press coffee is just ok, not that strong as expected.Super friendly waitress with a very nice smile.. Attentive service! *The Fiancé gave more tips! =)The LIVE music sounds so soothing.  It gives a very nice feeling to customers.  Enjoyable to listen to while eating.End Remarks:  This is definitely one of Forest Hills, Queens' finest dining places.  Highly recommended for BRUNCH~!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,2/10/2014,103,107,6,9,8>I've been to Linn on many an occasion and it truly is something special. If you want authentic traditional Japanese fair, this is it. As far as what I like here, and what I recommend there is a bunch of stuff. To start, I like the onigiri, which is a traditional Japanese snack. Basically a rice ball, rice with your choice of fish in the middle, and a seaweed square. I typically go with the cod. I like this because you don't really see it many places, unless you get one from sunrise mart, and then its prepackaged.  I also like the pork belly here, its excellent, presented in broth, its falls apart when you eat it. Really the fatty parts of the pork belly comes out amazing, the broth no doubt aids the amazing flavors. Umami.As a main dish I really like the sushi of course and select rolls. My two favorite out of the ones I've sampled are the spicy scallion roll and the soft shell crab roll which I ordered last time. Both very unique and savory. Linn has a relaxed vibe and cool ambiance, I like the projector that shows old seventies clips and nature programming on the front wall. If you go on Saturdays they often have a Jazz duo which is cool as well. The Katsudon is good, but I would just throw out there that the pork cutlet is thicker then I was used to. I've only had katsudon a handful of times on my visits to Japan, but typically the cutlet was thinner. Of course, when I got it in Tokyo it  had a more fast food type quality, and this is more upscale, but I do prefer the cutlet to be sliced thinner. So just a heads up on that. Other than that drop in solo if you want and sit at the bar area near the chef. Oh, and grab a sake while your at it.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/9/2014,188,156,4,11,8>What cute discovery in queens! The space in here is calm, relaxed and they play awesomely soothing music! I like!Unlike Starbucks, you can actually get a nice comfy spot to enjoy your overly expensive, foamy coffee-like drink.Honestly, I would give this coffee shop 5 stars if their prices were more reasonable! A small of almost any coffee drink ranges from $4.25 to almost $6, those are just ridiculous prices anywhere. Who agrees?The only thing you can scrape away with getting under $4 is a tea of lemonade.I didn't try any desserts but a friend and I picked up refreshing mango lemonades that were delicious and had the perfect amount of sweetness. I recommend coming here with a friend to catch up or even grab a drink and do some work. I could see myself getting so much work done with the calm atmosphere in this place. They have wifi access for costumers, all you need to do is ask for the password.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,2/8/2014,597,627,15,20,16>I've been to Arepa Lady a good handful of times, at least 4 or 5. I didn't know she had a Yelp check-in. I feel as if street carts don't get the same amount of respect, especially one out in Queens in a non-hipster neighborhood like Jackson Heights - much less when she's located by a major Queens train-hub (74th and Roosevelt) and in a location next to several other trucks all pretty much serving any variation of Colombian, Ecuadorian or Mexican sweet and savory treats.When commuting here in the morning (or at night) the smells that waft and linger through the air are enough to make even some string-out, emaciated model waif want to scarf down everything in sight. This brings me back to Arepa Lady...a name she more than likely wouldn't respond to as Spanish is her main language...Spanish and the language of delicious food making. I don't even like Arepas that much...or I didn't until I moved to Jackson Heights and met Roosevelt's very own Arepa angel. Thank goodness that I don't spend much time in this neighborhood or I'd look like a cow. A happy cheesey filled cow :).Gonna stop here and define what an arepa IS for those of you not in the know: An arepa is a flatbread made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, very prominent in the cuisine of Colombia and Venezuela. They usually contain cheese, vegetables or meats - but essentially you can put whatever you like in this amazing pickets of joy. I personally prefer the flour kind - but tradition calls for corn dough - both are delicious and not high on the nutritional or diet scale, but high on flavor and on my guilty pleasure list :).Arepa Lady makes two different types of arepas, cheese and chorizo (which is Colombian sausage and freakin' DELICIOUS). She also sells chuzoz which are like a shish-kebab only more delish cuz they have more meat...most of the time I mean who DOESN'T like meat on a stick? Vegetarians, that's who - but no worries! You can have amazingly gooey, buttery, cheese-filled arepas with crumbled tart cheese on top! Vegans not apply, you won't be happy here. Tis' what it tis'. Arepa Lady can't make everyone happy.Cheap, delicious, well-made and authentic Latin treats. That's what you can expect from Arepa Lady. Cinco estrellas!!! ***** (5 stars).
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/7/2014,198,785,8,12,13>This is going to be a special restaurant for me from now on, as my fiancee took me here yesterday to propose to me. Everything about our dinner was special, even pre-proposal. I had the minestrone to start, which was delicious. Very deep soup which was perfect for the cold weather. For my main course, I had pappardelle noodles cooked in olive oil with garlic and eggplant. SO delicious, I had to stop myself from eating every last bite. The waiter was so considerate and made sure there was no meat broth or anything in my food. Dessert was obviously the most special, as that's when Adam proposed. The whole restaurant was clapping, as I was sobbing while reading "Will you marry me?" from a plate of chocolate souffle. I said yes, and had the world's best chocolate souffle. Thank you to Piccola for a memory that'll last a lifetime.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,2/6/2014,254,454,9,11,8>I'm fairly new to the hood so I wanted to make my rounds and look for a pizza place. So I drove up and down main street and this seemed to be the only one in the area. It's the only one. Seriously. The only one in the area.I walked in---it was a bit outdated in appearance, but after eating a plain slice and a grandma slice, I was sold. But as I sat there and ate my pizza, I watched this serious looking old man sitting at one of the tables doing business..."Is this guy a former mobster? Mobster still? He definitely looks Italian to me." Just kidding. What do I know? Seriously. Don't want no rumors to go around. He was probably the owner. Phil?This place has good pizza -- definitely try their grandma slice. It was so good!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/5/2014,316,388,7,12,9>Loved this place! Can't believe it took me so long to find it. As you ascend the levels of this museum, it just gets better and better. Movie props and costumes, make-up pieces, wigs, various movie-themed memorabilia, technical exhibits, old arcade games and so much more. I don't want to list all the movie props because it will ruin the excitement of the surprise but I feel like there's something for everyone here.Kid-friendly - video games to play and a lot of interactive exhibits, particularly on the top floor. Not a huge collection (which I actually appreciate due to my low museum stamina). You'll see everything in one visit. Free Fridays, 4-8pm. There is a donation box so I'd suggest giving something to help out!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/4/2014,156,170,13,16,14>Buttermilk fried chicken!! Yes, it's good! I'm a skeptic when it comes to reviews on fried chicken shops, it can get easily over hyped. Like Slyvia's in Harlem or Pies and Thighs in Williamsburg or Soco in Clinton Hill, the fried chicken is good but NOT significantly better than Popeyes. (Yes, Popeyes is my barometer of comparison) Mister Chicken blew away my expectations! Just recently hit up Dirty Bird To Go in the Battery park area, and was quickly disappointed. The menu is similar to Mister Chicken, but def not as good.The buttermilk fried chicken had a great crispy skin and moist inside. The buttermilk batter really is good! We ordered a bunch of sides as well. The Kale was surprisingly tasty (for Kale), Mac and cheese was good, the mashed potatoes was just ok (but I'm not really a fan of mashed p), what I think we should have ordered was the roasted potatoes! The guys inside working the joint were pretty awesome guys as well! Super nice! As we sat in one of the small tables, since we ordered so much food (8 piece with 4 side- wife was pregnant and indecisive:) I dropped my plate with a piece of chicken and sides on the floor. The guys were super kind enough to clean it up and offer a new piece of chicken and a new side (rice)! We ordered 8 and told them we wanted to take 4 to go, they made the 4 to go fresh right before we paid the check! These guys know quality and service! So happy I'm back in Queens! Place is small only 3 tables to fit about 6 people. And like other reviews say the chicken is fed organic whatever and is supposedly better than other chickens.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,2/3/2014,318,55,8,9,8>Welcome to Elmhurst Wafel & Dinges ! What a great addition and change of scenery for those of us used to seeing the bazillion halal food trucks in this area. I normally see this food truck in the city but on Mondays they are parked right in front of the Queens Shopping Center on Queens Blvd. For those of you that never had Wafel & Dinges, it is fairly simple to order and not overly expensive either. First pick the type of wafel that you want and then pick the toppings to go with it. I normally go for the Brussels and the WMD for dinges (topping). The Wafel is only 5 bucks and the WMD gets you unlimited toppings for 2 dollars ! They have a good selection of dinges but  my favorites are banana, strawberry, nutella, walnuts, whip cream and speculoos spread! The lines may get long but these guys are quick and the wait is definitely worth it. For those of you that don't want to wait or can't wait because you are dying of hunger, there's always the halal truck down the block..and around the corner...and ...
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,4/14/2013,212,116,7,8,7>How have I never reviewed this place?? I eat here, or order from them, on average of at least once a week. The chicken salad w/ goat cheese and jalapenos and a whole lot of yum is my go to meal when I want to know exactly what to expect and feel completely satisfied. Had the lobster bisque once and now look for it on their daily special menu board. The portions are huge and their prices are reasonable. On sunny days, it should be mandatory to sit outside and people watch and just enjoy the -for the most part- friendly and attentive service. I bring my dog with me on those kinds of days and they always accommodate us with some water for her. On not-so-nice days, their indoor decor is very artsy and cozy. Almost an entirely different experience, but equally as enjoyable. After writing this I do believe it's where I shall be lunching today.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/13/2013,262,613,9,8,8>I already knew that Jackson Heights was a hub of diverse eateries. I'd sampled Ecuadoran, over indulged buffet-style at Jackson Diner and knew all about the Arepas Lady.What I didn't expect during a casual walk along 37th Avenue was an encounter with a fully functional Polish European Deli!You'll find a plethora of Polonia here, from Polish brand juices to cookies to homemade dessert breads filled with jam and even calling cards to the motherland featuring the visage of Frederic Chopin.And then there's sausage.Sausage so firm and mighty you could use it as a policeman's club to engage in some brutality. We bought some of the krajana kielbasa to use in a hopping john recipe for the New Year. Krajana is double smoked-- yes, you read that correctly, double smoked!Other kielbasa on display include kabanos, which has an interesting etymology if wikipedia is to be believed. Derived from the word 'kaban', meaning young male pig fattened with potatoes, the kabanos is thin and smoky. At times I suppose I do resemble a kaban as well.The employee behind the counter was helpful in answering questions. No other customers were present which was fine for the purely selfish reason that the space is rather small.As one who suffers from a Spock like dilemma of being half Italian and half Polish, for many years my Polish side was neglected and left to wither away like a tree in winter. Visiting Mary's helped rekindle memories of the few Polish edibles I ate as a child and encouraged a hearty desire for more. I now have an option besides Hilshire Farm just a subway stop away in Jackson Heights.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/12/2013,42,175,10,19,11>I literally just came home from the two day Basic Rider Course held at Queensborough Community College. WHEW. What a weekend.MOST IMPORTANT:Do NOT be late. Under any circumstances. At all. Forever. You can be ten seconds late and you will be kicked out of the class, NO REFUNDS, no make-ups. This didn't happen in my class, but I know that has happened to other people.Next: Where the hell is the damn place? (Ties into "don't be late" because it was impossible to find without direction).When you are on the corner of 226th Street and 56th avenue facing QCC, turn left. See those two ghetto white little one floor "buildings?" Well, "annexes," whatever. Yeah, it's the further, left one of the two; it's the door next to the "Shadowbox Theater."The good stuff:I had Michael Friedle and Marty as my instructors. They are both old guys who look like Santa. And they both know bikes like you wouldn't believe. Michael is the sweetest grandpa-type ever. All you want to do is give him a hug and eat milk and cookies with him on Christmas. Marty is the tough-love type who strictly enforces the rules but still wants you to have a good, safe, responsible time. Michael does the same, but with a softer touch.Day 1 consisted of almost 3 hours of classroom lesson, going through the book and answering some of the 120 questions in the book. After that, we had a break and walked to the range (aka, little parking lot). Where is the range? When you exit the door of the annex you are in, turn left, then turn left again and enter the running track. Walk down the length of the track and you will see the said parking lot.On the range, you learn where the various controls/parts of the bike are, how to turn it on, how to power walk it, how to ride in first gear, how to work the "friction zone" (or ride the clutch, pretty much), how to brake, change gears, weave in and out of cones, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember.Every hour, you get a 10-15 minute break to eat/use the bathroom in the nearby building.While one instructor talks to you about the exercise you are about to do, the other instructor sets up the cones for that exercise. The two of them were ridiculously efficient and there was no wasted time. By the time you were done hearing about what you had to do and looking at a diagram of it, the range was already set up! Clearly years of experience on how to effectively have a smooth flow to the class.Day 2 consisted of about the same amount of classroom time, then one written exam. If you paid attention in class (which is really should), you'll pass the 50 question multiple choice, as long as you get 40 of them correct.On the range, we did more fun stuff including swerving, driving over obstacles (which are just 2x4 pieces of wood), coming to a quick stop, figure 8's (which are the bane of my existence), changing lanes/signaling, and smooth turning. Throw in some weaving, because that was fun, too.Once that's all done, you get 20 minutes to practice 3 of the 4 exercises that are on the practical evaluation. This includes a relatively tight figure 8, swerving, and coming to a quick stop. The fourth exercise is doing a 135 degree turn smoothly, but you practiced that earlier on day 2, so you don't really get a second chance to practice before the evaluation. Ultimately, the instructors seriously want you to develop good, safe habits. They know what they're talking about, so listen and don't take anything personally. Also, do NOT have your cellphone on you AT ALL when on the range. Marty will reprimand you and suggest that you leave the class. Leave it in your bag. It's important to remember that you do not pay $350 for a motorcycle license here. You paid for a Basic Rider Course. Don't just assume you have to get through two days and you get a license. You have to learn how to control the bike safely and perform the tasks they ask.My only criticism was that as a student with zero motorcycle experience, the fact we only did each exercise 3-4 times was not enough for me to get a good handle on it. On a positive note, Marty worked this out by saying I could practice during break. On day 1 I had a hard time smoothly changing gears, but the extra practice during break helped a ton.Actually, the other criticism is the fact that to register for the class you either had to go to the office in person or mail in the application. Come on, it's 2013, online registration would be awfully convenient. Or even over the phone registration.Miscellaneous:Bring food. There's nothing within walking distance to eat, but there is a Burger King/general fast food on Northern. There's a vending machine in the building, but that's about it. Riding for hours WILL make you starving.Anyway. Thanks Trama's, for the awesome experience. I would recommend this school for sure.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,4/11/2013,1007,752,10,16,17>500th review goes to Sakura Ya Japanese Market!I walk and drive past this market almost every single day. It's right off Ascan Ave and Austin St. I finally stepped foot inside for the first time a few days ago and was pretty pleased to find one of my favorite Japanese candies (Hi-Chew) for a cheap price. A single flavor stick of Hi-Chew is only 99 cents! The variety pack is $1.99! In Manhattan or in Williamsburg, I usually see single flavors priced at $2.50 or more.I walked around the store for a bit, saw a lot of Japanese brand products obviously. They sell a variety of Japanese crackers, chips, and more candy. Towards the back, they have a different kinds of instant ramen, and noodles. There's also plenty of Japanese hair care products as well as skincare. In their fridges, they carry some pretty awesome beverages that you won't find in any other asian markets. I saw some commonly found Sapporo and Kirin beer but also saw other ones that I have never seen before. They also sell Calpico and a few other sweet drinks that I enjoyed when I was kid.The owner and the employees are all definitely Japanese. It's not a Chinese or Korean market that is posing as Japanese. The service is very nice. They're very well mannered, respectful, and just super polite. The aisles are a little cramped and I could see that they're constantly working on something but Sakura Ya is a real gem in this area. It's not everyday where you can find yourself a legit Japanese market in New York. I've been to one in Astoria years ago, and the other would have to be Mitsuwa. It's pretty nice to have a small Japanese market in Forest Hills. If you're in the area and like Hi-Chew as much as I do, check them out. They got some pretty bangin unique flavors.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/10/2013,158,189,11,13,12>Tazzina is one of those restaurants that excels on every level of a what a great meal at a great restaurant should be.  The term "knocked it out of the park" ( Thanks Paul Jr ) doesn't even begin to describe how Tazzina executes a spectacular dinner. After reading a review from Mike B. I knew I had to give this place a try. I decided the weekend of Valentines day would be a good choice.....if  I could get a reservation.  I had called the restaurant and left a message and a little while later I got a call from Jason....as in Chef Jason Zukas. He was super cool and I got the date and time I was looking for.  Once we got there we were greeted and seated right away. The place itself has a homey vibe and as you sit in an intimate space surrounded by family pictures it is not hard to picture yourself as a guest in Jason's home. ( OK I copied that last part from their website but it's soooo true.  That and they play a great mix of music that really sets the mood.  We even witnessed a proposal, I'd say the fact that he brought her there really sealed the deal :) As for the food all I can say is wow!   The GF and I started off with the Fried Oysters and the Truffled Gnocchi.  The fried oysters were outstanding. Perfectly fried exterior while the center still retained all of it's oystery goodness. And words cannot describe the Truffled Gnocchi. Perfectly cooked handmade gnocchi miked with peas, asparagus prosciutto and truffle. I could smell the truffles wafting towards me like a hand from a scene out of a bugs bunny cartoon.  For our main dishes she got one of the specials for the day a Chilean sea bass with clams, muscles and shrimp and I got the Braised Short Ribs. Again, all I can say is wow.  The GF's sea bass had a great crust and was cooked to perfection as were the accompanying seafood goodies.   My dish had me conflicted at first. When deciding what to order i found myself torn. I love short ribs, polenta, not so much but I am glad I decided to go with it anyway because it was one of the best dishes I've ever had. The short rib was fork tender and the polenta was unlike any other I've had. Rich and creamy and full of flavor. The dish was finished off with perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts. We decide to end the night with some cappuccino, espresso and dessert. On a side note,  I am a professional fat kid, but I am a food fat kid, not really a dessert fat kid.  That being said, after I read some reviews i knew that an order of Nutella Lava Cake was in order. This thing is a masterpiece. As if a moist and delicious Nutella cake wasn't enough they pair it with some tart strawberries and creamy vanilla gelato.  Simply amazing....nay, this dessert was dish licking good!I am kicking myself for not coming here sooner after trying some bite at the Queens Summer Stunner ( Thanks Jando) It was really one of the best meals I've ever enjoyed. You must really do yourself a favor and make a trip to Glendale and try this place. I guarantee you will not be disappointed!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,4/9/2013,593,1089,9,11,10>just try and walk into Euromarket without singing the "Countries of the World" song from Animaniacs. it's impossible, I tells ya.what we have here is a great supermarket with a wide variety of pan-European groceries. Italian, Greek, German, Russian, Slovak, Hungarian, Polish, Irish, and more. meats, vegetables, beverages, packaged/canned goods, desserts, and more. it's like the EU threw up in here!there's also an epic library of beer on hand, both imported and American. hell, I didn't even know there were so many types of cider available (we picked up a pack of Woodchuck for a party we were heading to). I think they let you mix-and-match, because I noticed some bottles had individual pricetags on them, but I would ask them if you go with that intent.prices seem pretty fair and the diversity of food here is awesome. the store is large and quite clean.I love all the pan-Asian import stores strewn throughout Queens, but it's nice to have some balance with the rest of Eurasia (who we have always been in an alliance with). I'll definitely be back to give Euromarket a more thorough look.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,4/8/2013,238,433,7,13,9>One of the nice little hidden gems in Queens that offers novice golfers (like myself) a chance to work on their short game. The Par 3 Pitch and Put in the middle of the park is a clean and quiet course that makes for a fun afternoon for those who want to practice their wedges and irons.  Price is very affordable (under $20), and the wait time is usually minimal.  Night time is just as fun as the course is well-lit (aside from the 18th hole) and there is usually no wait. The golf center also has a good supply of irons, wedges, and putters even if they are a bit worn out.  Just make sure you bring an extra set of golf balls as it is very easy to lose them. This one managed to lose 3 balls on a single hole!  If the Par 3 is too threatening, you can definitely try your hand on the mini-golf course. That course is certainly more family friendly, and you are much less likely to lose your golf balls.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/7/2013,522,450,7,8,8>De Mole has off the chain Mexican food. We made a special trip out here from the farther parts of Queens just to sample their delicious offerings.The guacamole was great! Guac can be made poorly, but here there were plenty of chunks of creamy, appropriately ripe avocado with cilantro, topped with tomato and onion. It was awesome, and the tortilla chips came in a cute little brown paper bag. I appreciated the presentation. Actually, everything looks really pretty on the plate, which is nice in such a small place.The chorizo nachos were OUT OF THIS WORLD. I had never had chorizo before (!!!) but my friend talked me into splitting the dish and I'm glad she did. The chips were also covered in black beans, guacamole, pico de gallo & sour cream, but the chorizo is really what made them stand out. We had to fight over the last bits of meat.My sauteed spinach quesadilla was the low point in all of this culinary goodness. While it tasted quite fine, the spinach made the meal super soggy and that detracted both from the taste as well as my ability to eat it. Next time, I'm not going to bring my new-found health kick to a Mexican restaurant, and I'll just stick with the old cheese plus meat combo.We finished off our meal with the coconut flan. I'm not sure how to describe the cocnut flan except for BEST EVER. It is everything flan is supposed to be. It's also probably about 24043950495893486 calories. It definitely tastes that rich, creamy, and sweet. If you're coming here, you absolutely have to save room for this dessert!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/6/2013,423,264,1,13,5>What makes Dillinger's so awesome is that they have a deal just about every day during the week. Tuesday is .25cent wing night, Wednesday's are $10 steak night, and Thursday's are $3 burger night. They also have $2 mugs for the Sunday Night Football game. The deals just don't end. Thank God I don't live any closer because Dillingers might become an obsession. The service is always above and beyond. They really go the extra mile for you.Beers on Tap:Coors LightWarsteinerShock TopShock Top PumpkinYuenglingTuesdays:With .25 cent wings and $11 pitchers of beer Tuesdays get very popular at Dillingers especially during the Summertime. Price aside Dillingers has some of the better wings that i've tried in Astoria. I believe you can get mild, medium and hot for .25cents and the Dillinger Sauce is .35cents.Wednesdays:Haven't yet tried the $10 steak nightThursdays:$3 for a burger with fries!!! I don't think I should have to say anything more. Thursdays are awesome. Where can you buy a decent meal for $3. No where, that's where. Well Dillingers on Thursdays is awesome. I believe your choice of cheese is free and every other topping is 50-75cents more. Weekend Brunch: The weekend brunch is pretty awesome. For $11.95 you get a meal with unlimited tea, soda, coffee and if you want unlimited screwdrivers, mimosas, and bloody mary's it's just $19.95. Dillingers definitely has one of the more wallet friendly brunch specials around. The food was okay. I've tried the Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Quesadillas and they were good.  As for their drinks my friend said the coffee was pretty awful. I tried all the alcoholic beverages and the screwdrivers were so watered down it was undrinkable. The worst screwdriver I've ever had, hands down. My friend had the bloody mary and couldn't take more than a sip because she said it had to much horseradish. With that said I'd suggest just sticking with the mimosas, you can't go wrong.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/5/2013,523,791,11,11,12>What makes it better to have a Large Group to get together and have Great food??Lao Dong Bei is a small restaurant, but was able to fit 14 of US in one HUGE table!.14 people = 2 dishes of each For starters, WE ordered a Light dish - Country style cucumbers- Pig Ears- Green Bean Jelly- Soup: Wintermelon with seaweed and eggFor Dishes:- Beer Duck (it's just the name, i don't think it has alcohol in it)- Sweet and Sour Tofu (For vegetarians)- Fried Cumin Fish (MUST ORDER THIS ONE) Soft batter and so tender.- Pork in Orange Sauce- Zhajiangmian (Or Ja Jiang Mien in Cantonese) (Noodles with Sauce, Minced Pork and fresh - Dumplings (Steamed or Fried).Everything was well done, fresh, Delish!.At the end, the Staff offered us home cooking dessert (which was taro, Banana, Apple caramelized).  Next time we have to go back and try the Cumin Lamb (which is another special dish by the chef).For that much food, we spent about $ 28.00 / Person.  (Including a significant amount of Beer, soda, Tea and service).PS..... We cancelled the Veggie dish because we had SOO MUCH FOOD!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,2/3/2013,1007,752,13,18,17>Cannoli cake is crack! They have the most amazing cannoli cake I have ever tasted. The sponge in their cake is incredibly tasty and perfectly moist. The cannoli cream is delightful and the cake is just delicious! I come to La Dolce just about every holiday and birthday to purchase this wonderful Cannoli cake. It's that good! The Cannoli cake is $20 which isn't that bad. It's moderately priced. The only problem I have is that they can't pipe "Happy Birthday" for their life!! Just take a look at my pictures and you'll know what I'm talking about.Verdict - Great tasting cake, horrendous piping of Happy Birthday. They mess it up every single time which I find hilarious. They always forget to use piping gel and use a thick piping cream for the lettering. The tastiness of the cake makes up for it :)
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,2/2/2013,509,142,8,7,7>I loooove this place!!! Likes: 1) Delicious and authentic canton style food. They have great house fried rice, fried crabs, fish maw soup, mayonnaise shrimp, lamb chop steaks, and Peking duck. 2) Attentive and friendly staff. Great service. Dislikes:1) A bit pricy for downtown flushing but not too bad2) Staff does not speak English. Oh and there's one other weird thing... Every time I come here, they stare at me and comment on me being super tall. For example, I would walk in and one of the waiters would say, "It's the tall girl again." There was one time, I stood up talking to my friend and had my back to one of the waiters. He tried to measure how tall he was as compared to me secretly behind my back. I turned around, watching him using his hands to see how much taller I am than he is. Hmm... Way to make me feel like I'm a giant! 3) Parking is a hassle. It took me 40 min to find parking there today. Tips: They do not accept credit card. It's cash only.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/1/2013,593,1089,18,23,20>you have NO excuse to not check out this impossibly delicious restaurant. none, whatsoever. no, I don't want to hear it, get in a car, take a bus, pedal your bike, hitchhike. just do what you have to and go.I'm sitting at my desk drooling just remembering the meal we had last night. it's the type of place that would make my beloved 91-year-old Nonna jealous.start with the bruschetta trio platter: diced tomato and basil with goat cheese; a creamy garbanzo paste and roasted peppers; ricotta and prosciutto. this was a fantastic mix of fresh ingredients atop hearty portions of bruschetta (which was the perfect balance of crispy outside, softer inside). well, that certainly hit the spot.there is a dish which has BOTH the gnocchi and the braised short ribs, the house specialties. the meat is so tender, a spoon can shred it. the gnocchi are so soft, you don't need to chew them. just savor them, one. at. a. time. the onions, mushrooms, and basil add a nice touch. the portion size, presentation, and taste were amazing; it's no surprise that the chef, Jason, won on Chopped. Caroline had the butternut squash ravioli, which were like precision guided bombs of pasta and vegetable deliciousness.even after all that, and a glass of wine each, we decided that dessert was necessary. espresso for her, cappucino for me, and a Nutella lava cake with vanilla ice cream and strawberries for us to split. WHY DOES THIS THING EXIST?! so moist and delicious. dessert's been ruined for me now.the ambiance is perfect. candlelights, maybe 20 or 30 seats, and music from the 50s-70s played at a low volume. perfect for a datenight or small group gathering. service was awesome. prices are fair.I just wish I hadn't delayed going here for so long. but in the words of General Douglas MacArthur: I SHALL RETURN!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,1/31/2013,81,35,5,14,9>The new owners of this place seemed to have followed in the footsteps of the previous elderly couple who owned it, which is a great thing because I  this place.It is literally a hole in the wall, with a tiny tv and two tables on the inside and a tables lined up outside in an alley. Def is not someplace you should come if you prioritize ambiance and an owner that will chat you up. However, they have a great customer base because the FOOD is so good and the service is fast. Everything is made on the spot when you order it.Two things that I love here are the katsu curry (curry over fried meat...drool) and the katsu don (who doesn't like fried egg?). All the dishes come with a side salad that has that yummy tangy ginger sauce and the sushi are made very fresh :)Also, where else in New York can you find spam musubi??This is the place to go for homemade Japanese "fast food"..not to mention its awesome hangover food as well.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/30/2013,933,557,6,9,9>Having just moved to the neighborhood, I was in search of a local pizzeria to feed my amazing movers who donated their time to move my boxes and furniture up a three-story walk-up. All Yelpers pointed me to Minitalia Pizza. I don't always follow the Yelp stars, often opting to see for myself, but in this case, I'm very pleased that I did!The crust was crisp! The sauce was robust and full of flavor! The toppings were generous, yet not excessive. It was slightly salty for my personal taste, but not so much that I didn't love the pizza. Whether by the pie or by the slice, it always tastes great! The gentleman who works the pies recognized me by my second visit. Cool folks!Best pizza in the area? I can't say since I haven't tried the others, but what I can say is I love this place and I dream about their garlic pizza. One of the movers who came back to the area to visit me mentioned wanting to go back, so I'm not alone in this love.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/29/2013,227,484,7,12,7>This new grocery store opened near the old East Buffet.  It sticks out like a sore thumb in this neighborhood.  The new club Glazz is next door but you can go through the old East Buffet drive way to get into the back parking lot.During the summer they had the cheapest lobsters, $4.88/lb!  My friends and I kept returning just for the lobster.  I kinda wondered why they were so cheap but as long as they were still alive, I was buying.I've also purchased veges and meat from the sections.  I wish they had a ticket system because I keep getting overlooked at the seafood and meat counters!  Chinese follow an orderly system, SAY WHAT?!  I can only wish!Well anyway at least the meat and seafood sections didn't smell foul like they did at Great Wall Supermarket, which is now Great Fortune. I don't know if the meat or veges are cheaper at this market but I do like the neatly displayed pricing, isles are nice and wide, and floors are clean and don't wreak.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,1/28/2013,522,450,13,13,14>Last night, we were deciding what to eat for dinner. After a rough drinking weekend and only feeding myself pasta, I declared that I didn't want anything "too ethnic" (read: spicy or heavy) but also didn't want burgers or Italian food. This left me with the pizza option, but my dining companion had half a pie the previous night."What about sandwiches?" he inquired.I am pretty sure my eyes lit up with the fire of about 10000 suns. Sandwiches, you see, are the food of the gods. I mean, it's an entire meal that you can hold in your hand and eat without utensils. You can put whatever you want on it, and it will usually work out pretty well (even if it's a peanut butter sandwich filled with crushed Reese's peanut butter cups).So we embarked on a journey to Othello's. During the course of our several block journey, I was told that Othello's had literally the best sandwiches ever, that they were huge, that they had every combination in the book.All of these things are true. My sandwich was one of the best sandwiches ever. It was huge, probably about the size of my forearm (who needs to eat a sandwich the size of their forearm? Me.), and there were boards and boards full of meat-cheese-veggie-spread-bread possibilities.My eyes immediately landed on the Alex Rodriguez: mayo, turkey, roast beef, and muenster (or provolone, I cannot for the life of me remember) on a hero. I was told to go up to the counter and order by the name. This was the first time I've ever said "I'd like an Alex Rodriguez, please." I'd say it's the only time, but I might have to indulge in seconds one day. Though Derek Jeter did look tempting, for the first time since middle school...Anyway, we waited for some time for the sandwiches to be finished. I perused the beer selection -- nothing special -- and then we paid ($7 each) and brought our extra forearms home.It was amazing. Everything was nicely grilled, mine wasn't too greasy (though the other sandwich was the Frank Sinatra, and with peppers and prosciutto, that got a little slippery), and all of the meat and cheese flavors blended in perfect harmony. It was a sandwich party in my mouth and I couldn't get enough, even though I couldn't down the whole thing in one go. But that's ok. It kept well after I wrapped it up, and was just as delicious when I had it cold on the subway ride home.$10 credit card minimum.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/27/2013,333,234,13,10,9>Bacon aficionados rejoice!If ever you needed a reason to visit Astoria for bacony goodness, Blackbird's offers this on their menu...wait for it...wait...The Q18!!!!!!!!!!!Blackbird's own 50-50 burger!Half chopped bacon and half chopped fatty beef, blended to create the burger from Heaven!Yes, it's as succulent as it sounds. When the bartender asked if I wanted any other toppings I impulsively said bacon. Then my arteries said "stop" and opt for a greasy cheese instead of bacon overkill. Of course, I requested no bun since I'm on a lo-carb regimen. It's all about making sacrifices!During my indulgence I said "Mmmm, Mmmm, Mmmm, Mmmm" so many times that I must have sounded like I was singing that silly 90's song by the Crash Test Dummies.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/26/2013,423,264,7,12,9>Came here the week they opened for the Giants Sunday night game and it was packed. I don't think they were prepared for the home crowd for a prime time football ball game but they get a pass for having opened within the past week.This place has 36 tvs!!! I counted. It's impossible not to see a tv no matter where you turn and that's always a major plus if you are watching sports.The best deal on the menu is $6.99 for pitchers of bud and bud light which is a pretty awesome deal. The only knock on this place has to be that we were served warm beer and thats a big NO-NO but i'm going to give a pass because they've been open less than a week and I don't think they were entirely prepared for the Football crowd on Sundays especially since the primetime game was the hometown Giants. I knew what I was getting into and what to expect given Bud's was a new place and there was sure to be a crowd so I figured ordering the special would keep things simple but every pitcher i got was warm and my friends said the same thing. I had friends who got the burgers and they were delicious cause I tasted them. I ordered the nachos and the chips weren't tortilla chips, they were potato chips. Nevertheless they were really good. Like any other business it's going to take a while before everything becomes routine and after coming on one of their very first busy days I think they did a pretty good job. Bud's Ale House is a large place. It was packed and they managed to keep everything under control. The staff was awesome and friendly and watching a game here is pretty awesome. I'll try this place again for sure. Its a good place for a large group of people. My friends also said the desserts were the bum diggity.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/25/2013,523,791,4,10,11>love it!Photobooth is Soo Bright!, Soo much Accessories!Pictures are Available in Colors OR Black and White.Shots are within seconds, Printing in less than a minute.Customer Service was right there, quick and super friendly!.Booth space itself can fit up to 6 people and take crazy shots!.  Prices are about the same as other competitors, but the Brightness, accessories, timing and decor seems to be Lumi8 who has it all!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/23/2013,287,270,10,6,5>HeavennnnnnnnI'm in heavennnnnAnd the arepas are so big that I can hardly SEEEEEEEEEAnd they are so yummy and so frigging cheapAs the arepa in my mouth dances from cheek to cheek.That basically sums it up, Sinatra style. These things are amazing, and I honestly can only handle one of them if you also split an appetizer with someone (Fried yuca with green sauce all the way). Also the brown sugar lemonade blows my mind and is probably the most refreshing non-alcoholic summer beverage I can think of ever having. Add to that the fact that the place is never too crowded to get a seat and the service is always impeccable --  and I really can't think of anything better when you're in the mood for a cheap, tasty, unique meal.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,11/22/2013,62,424,21,28,10>Since there was so much fanfare about this place, I decided to check it out this morning.  Of course, I took advantage of the deal for a scrub, massage, and entrance fee for $105.  It was the best investment I ever made.  Thanks to all the yelpers!I arrived at 9:00 AM, paid for everything upfront and there was a woman who directed me to my locker.  This is where you get the main different between Spa Castle and this place.  You take off your shoes, carry it with you to your locker and they have a small slot at the bottom of your locker where you place your shoes.  They don't even give you a uniform.  You strip.The woman attendant asked whether I'd like to get my scrub and massage after 20 minutes.  Instead, I asked that I start at 10:00 AM.  Okay, this is where I went wrong.  There's nothing really there to do other than soak in a large hot pool, go steam, bake in the sauna, and/or take a shower.  After 20 minutes, I changed my mind and told her I'd like to start right away, lol.  She mentioned I should have said so earlier.The scrub was AMAZING.  There I am lying on the table thinking I don't have that much dead skin on me.  I had my eyes closed.  When I opened my eyes, there was a bunch of dead skin laying all about me.  I was a bit grossed out but it was definitely satisfying to see all that dead skin gone.  After almost a year of hell, it represented all the negativity I carried with me and I was happy to see it shed off my skin.  This woman, scrubbed me over 3 TIMES!  She was determined.  Afterwards, she told me to rinse in the shower while she prepared the cucumber mask.  The facial mask was very refreshing.  Shit, the whole scrubbing experience was refreshing as well.  She then proceeded to obliterate all the knots in my body.  My upper/lower back, neck and everywhere else was full of tension.  The woman climbed on top of me to put as much pressure on my lower back as possible.  My upper back has been taken care of as well as my hair.  She washed my hair like a professional at a salon - my head was massaged really well.Then she slathered my corpulent body with milk oil.  She squirted some in my hands so I could put in on my face.  When I was done, she squirted some more milk oil so I could rub my face again.  She then pulled me upright and said goodbye.  When I went to the shower, I wasn't sure whether I should soap off all the oil.  She said not to soap but just wash off the milk off my body.  Currently, I have a faint smell of cereal aroma from my body.  Hell, I don't care.  My skin feels AMAZING and I feel so relaxed.  I got so much done afterwards.  I shopped for all my domestic items I needed, ate lunch, picked up my dry cleaning as well as drop off, and now I'm about to get my laundry done.  Thank you, scrub lady.  I wish I knew your name but if I asked, you would have said, "WTF?  Why the hell do you need to know my name?"  But, this scrub and massage was a lot more than a treat.  It was really equivalent to taking off the unnecessary excess of shit in my life.  Oh, sorry I got a little sappy.  Yeah, I'm gonna go again in probably a month.  This is not a place like Spa Castle where you lounge, you get scrubbed, massaged, and then get the hell out to go about your day.  Minus one star because of the fact that it's not loungey - you just get your body worked out and then go.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/21/2013,54,133,7,8,7>I earned my Elite badge for three years in a row for basically not cooking. It's not my strength nor passion so god bless NYC restaurants and local delis for keeping me from poisoning myself with my very own creations.  however, when my friend invited me to Open doors she had a special surprise for me- master cooking class with Aaamazing Odette Fada. She was on Top Chef and used to work for San Demonico yet she is super sweet and just lighten up the the room with her present. I so do have a girl crush on her.Upon entering this cute and welcome neighborhood restaurant, we were taken to the main dining room at the back where Ms. Amazing Fada had her chef table all set up and ready for the audience. Sipping glass of delicious bubbly we made our pasta dough from semolina and white flour under the chef's supervision  and then while dough were "resting" (if that's the term? Don't judge me) Odette taught us how to make pesto sauce and baby octopus salad. The room full of grown ups ,we were having fun with making our food (which usually I consider a chore and when I was a teen that was my punishment)  sipping delicious red and white wines that were paired with our food. Dinner was wrapped up on a really high notes and by that I mean heavenly panna cotta made by the chef. I'm usually not a big fan of puddings, flans and anything doesn't have chocolate in it (those not a dessert, those are Lies,) but Ms Fada's pannacotta was out of this world.I definitely  enjoyed that interactive  experience and I'm glad that I got to step out of my regular routine of standard dining. Since open table will be having more classes (hopefully) maybe finally cooking will be one of my superpowers. For now I mastered only sarcasm and writing semi decent help reviews.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,11/20/2013,360,150,5,10,7>i am SO happy to have this place within 1 minute walking distance from my new place...since moving in i have been eating here or ordering delivery almost every day no lie.  i've tried their, fish over rice which is SO good way better than chao fan across from starbucks, they do not skimp on their ample pieces of fall-apart properly sauced white fish and it comes with slices of bamboo, green peppers, snowpeas and black fungus.  of course, their staples are the hand pulled noodles and their house special noodles are good but my favorite so far is probably the knife noodles with beef, the noodles are fresh and just the right amount of chewy consistency and their broth is good too.  ive also tried their duck noodle soup and i was blown away when i bit into the duck, most noodle places that dont do BBQ use dry and gross duck but it tasted just like those BBQ places, the duck was yummO.  i love adding their LU DAN braised egg which kinda tastes like tea egg to my noodles, my friend once ordered the stir fried beef noodle and i was so sad i didn't get to try that because i was stuffed after my meal.  they also offer an array of cold dishes, i didnt realli like the seaweed because i prefer seaweed knots but the celery and dried bean curd? is that what its called is good and crisp, the black fungus in sesame oil wasn't bad either.  honestly i have been going so much the takeout guy, the waitress and even the chef recognizes me and says hello on the street LOL.  such a huge fan, please try this place.  they carry a bunch of asian drinks as well as soda ie apple sidra and chrysanthemum tea, sometimes i wish they had one of those stamp cards ie eat 100$ get a free meal because i barely go 3 days without eating here
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,11/19/2013,44,100,10,9,6>This salon is decorated in so many pink ruffles that you feel as if you've stumbled into an 8-year-old girl's princess fantasy bedroom. Compared to other venues in the Flushing area, I found this one to be very clean and professional--no stray dust bunnies or strange stains on the bedding. All of the women share a room, but there are curtains for privacy and I didn't even notice there was another client being worked on until I finished! In fact, the setting was so peaceful and comfortable that I repeatedly dozed off during my facial.While it's not impossible to get service for a walk-in, it's better to call ahead. Four women work at this salon, with varying proficiency in English (I have seen non-Chinese patrons there). My favorite is Lisa, who unfortunately speaks very little English, but is so motherly, sweet, and careful. She repeatedly asks if you're comfortable or need her to do something differently. When massaging my neck and shoulders, she applies the right pressure and works on the knots in a way that makes me mellllllllllt.In addition to deep-cleaning your pores, the standard facial comes with a long face massage, steam, mud mask, various creams to revitalize your skin, eyebrow pluck, and a weird procedure that will leave your arms crazy smooth (your skin is slathered in lotion, saran-wrapped, and then stuffed into heating pads). In fact, I couldn't stop touching my arms and face for hours afterward because of how unbelievably smooth/soft they felt.The price for facials and massages is a little above average for Flushing ($45 for a standard 75-minute facial), but worth the extra cost. There are discounted packages and you're allowed to share the package services with friends/family. I think they charge 4-5% extra for using a credit card, so carry cash when you come.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/18/2013,35,25,3,9,4>When I saw that another Thai restaurant was opening in Astoria, I have to admit that I wasn't exactly thrilled as we already have a pretty good selection to choose from. That said, I was very happy to see the spot where Aroma 31 languished in obscurity filled, rather than just sitting there, empty.  When I saw the beautiful decor, I started to get a bit excited as they seemed to really have put a lot of work into making the place look wonderful.I stopped by on a random Thursday night the first week they opened and I have to say, I had a wonderful meal. The staff were obviously restaurant vets as the place was running smoothly, with no "new restaurant hiccups". I was offered a complimentary mojito and had 5 or 6 flavor to choose from. I chose the lychee flavor and it was delicious!For dinner, I ordered the Garlic sauteed chicken. It was absolutely delicious and was not at all greasy, served with a generous portion of steamed veggies. While I was eating, the staff stopped by a few times to ask if I needed anything. They were extremely friendly and helpful and seemed really grateful to everyone in the restaurant for comingFor dessert, I had the mango with sticky rice, which is one of my favorite foods. It was plated beautifully and was probably the best I've ever had.When I paid, my waitress asked me how everything was and thanked me again for coming. I left feeling full and happy. I will definitely be a regular customer!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,11/17/2013,32,24,10,10,8>This review is strictly related to the bar.Without a doubt the most chill place to grab a drink in Flushing, but still have a crazy fun time if you want to.  All the bartenders are cool and down to talk.  Typically it doesn't get very packed as most patrons come for the karaoke rooms.  This actually lends itself well to coming in here and having a great conversation with the bar staff, and other fun stuff like asking them to make ridiculous crazy cocktails.The bar is long and separated into two parts, so you have ample space.  I recommend sitting at the first bar section if possible, as you're in line of sight with the bartenders then.  Also the tablet to select songs is located near the entrance, so if you want to rock out to some songs it's best to be near it.  Usually most people just use it as a jukebox, but if it's late or the bartenders are into it, then there's ample drunken singing going on.  The selection is the usual Flushing fare of cpop, kpop, hiphop, and Selena Gomez all-day every-day.Drinks are $6 for most brews, and $7 for others.  Credit card is accepted here, as opposed to some other nearby establishments living in the past which will not be named!  Be sure to take advantage of the Yelp deal as that can be used on your bar tab, but be sure to ask first.There are TVs which are either tuned to the karaoke machine or sports.  If you're a smoker, you don't have to walk all the way down stairs.  Opposite the bar there's a door which opens to the roof which you can use instead.  Oddly enough this place closes at 2am, but frequently the crowd will drunkenly meander to the place around the corner which stays open till 4am.Thanks to Erica, Dani, and all the staff for dealing with the drunks who roll through here.PS. If you see a guy named Pick here, start drinking heavily.  Trust me on this.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,11/16/2013,35,103,3,11,6>I've had my fingers crossed that Forest Hills would slowly turn into a place that my husband can love right along with me, and the Station House definitely gives the neighborhood a huge step in the right direction. The beer selection is fantastic and I love the menu screens all around the restaurant (the manager even switched one on near us so we didn't have to crane our necks). So much better than attempting to read one chalkboard above the bar, yet not as obtrusive as it may sound. And their whiskey/bourbon/rye cocktail list (7 in all) made my mouth water. I will definitely be back to slowly make my way down that entire collection...The menu is a very funky and delicious sounding collection of items. We were pretty hungry, so we picked 3 "starters" and a salad to share. Note to anyone thinking of doing this: "starters" was a definitely misnomer for some items!! The portions were very generous (particularly for the sausage plate) and we took home some leftovers because there was so much.I am a sucker for a roasted beet salad and Station House will definitely be my go-to place for this hankering from now on. The kimchi empanadas that another reviewer raved about were awesome - particularly the spicy mayo sauce. The sausage plate had three different kinds of sausage (kielbasa, a bratwurst, and something else? totally guessing here...) and a really good whole grain mustard. Last was the fried pickle & brisket balls. Okay, here's where we were a bit confused. The best part of fried pickles is that weird kind-of gross yet delicious warm garlicky vinegar taste. So when you list something as fried pickles... that's what you're anticipating. Instead, these were balls of shredded brisket with some pickles, in an almost fritter-like dough/batter. They were okay... but not what we were expecting at all.Altogether, because of the $2 off drafts happy hour (12-7pm, wow!), the bill for 4 plates plus 2 beers was around $50 plus tip. Everything was delicious, service was great, and we came home with leftovers. Sounds like a win to me!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,11/15/2013,205,249,6,8,6>Love this place! I have been here twice and it has been so delicious each time. Service is pretty good here. They are busy so you have to fight for their attention but once you get it, they are pretty good about bringing you what you need. I love the giant parking lot in the back. It is so clutch for downtown Flushing. Both times that I went here, I came with a large group. This last time, there was 7 of us. We first ordered the combo number 1 and 2. Combo number 1 included an assortment of 4 marinated meats: pork, kalbi, spicy pork and chicken. Combo number 2 was about the same meats, just not marinated. We ordered an extra side of Kalbi for BBQ because each combo is only enough for two people. Then we got the grilled octopus and codfish stew. We also ordered some staples including a sizzling Bi Bim Bap, Jap Chae and of course Soju for the table. I always like Korean BBQ but I especially love it here because they give you soybean paste and salt in sesame oil to dip the BBQ in. They also give you lettuce to wrap the meats in and make mini wraps out of the BBQ which was delicious. The codfish stew was just ok but the grilled octopus was great! It came with some udon noodles and after mixing the noodles in with the red pepper bean paste with the octopus, it was surprisingly very delicious. Their sides are great and they give you so much variety. They also give you free ice cream at the end for dessert. I couldn't quite put my finger on what flavor it was but it tasted like a vanilla yogurt. Apparently they have a whole separate area for weddings too as we saw a wedding banquet going on while here. Definitely won't be my last time here; can't wait to come again!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/14/2013,14,81,8,13,8>Came here to celebrate a bachelorette party. It was a good time. Its definitely hard to find a good R&B, Hip Hop and Reggae spot now a days. Apparently according to the youngin's they only listen to electronica. I personally don't know what that is, I just know I was told that I was old. This was the place to hit up if you wanted R&B, Hip Hop and Reggae, had a blast. They did not bother us about buying VIP or doing bottled service for getting a guest-list going, which is pretty good. Another good thing about this place - its close to a train station and its easy to drive and find parking in the area, unlike the city. It's not that big of a spot and can get a little crowded but I guess when you have one club with the best music it cant be helped. =)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/25/2013,121,1222,9,9,9>Got delivery from here recently.  I'd been wanting to try this since those jerks at Antica Trattoria lied about delivering to my area of Ridgewood despite being closer than another restaurant that delivered to us without changing their minds a week later.  Needless to say, I was happy to see them get some competition.  My review is exclusively for the food.The chicken parm was okay.  It wasn't the best chicken I had but the sauce & cheese were very good.  I also got a vegetable side that my husband loved along with mashed potatoes; definitely a different spin than the usual pasta that comes with it.The person who took my delivery order was extremely polite & informative.  He answered my questions about the dish I was ordering for my lactose intolerant husband as well as those about their desserts.The tiramisu was pretty good.  Not as good as the one I had at Capizzi's later on or at Mappomondo but far from horrible.  I wish there was a little more on the menu my husband could eat but perhaps I'll order something else there sometime.  They seemed accommodating enough to me.As one reviewer said, we definitely need better restaurants around here since miles down Fresh Pond is NOT my neighborhood & I'm not going to hike down there when I can take the train into Manhattan and get better food.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/24/2013,565,622,6,7,9>After having tacos from a lot of the highly rated places on yelp, I think these guys are the most under rated taco place in NY. Of course calling them a taco place is a bit of a disservice because they serve a lot of other authentic Mexican food as well but as I have said before: Their Al-Pastor taco is the king. ALL HAIL THE KING!I'm still looking for better tacos in NY than Los Portales but haven't found it yet. Matter of fact, their chorizo is the bomb diggity as well. It's a bit oily but the flavor is on point. If you are ordering a chorizo taco, I'm guessing you aren't too concerned about the nutritional value of your food in the first place. You can't go wrong with the lengua or the suadero tacos either but beyond the taco menu, I'd say it's better to keep it simple. The horchata is good and so are the cemitas and tortas. I've been coming here for a couple of  years now and apart from the stuff I mentioned, I haven't had anything else that's made an impression. Almost everything they have goes well with their green chili sauce.But man oh man.. those tacos... and all for $1.50 each!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,3/23/2013,59,195,6,9,9>My first experience with John Brown was when they catered to a friend's wedding last May. It was, by far, the most delicious wedding buffet I have ever eaten from! Since then I have been meaning to go to the actual restaurant, and finally this past Saturday, I was able to go! We arrived around 8. I was worried burnt ends would be sold out, but they had a ton! They were actually sold out of pulled pork but we didn't care since we all ordered burnt ends (all 5 of us). Keep in mind, they do say on their website that they "[cook] only a limited amount per day." I called in advance to make sure they had what we wanted available so that we wouldn't be disappointed.Along with my burnt end sandwich, I had mac n cheese and also tried the cole slaw. All yummy. Every one of us was floored by the deliciousness of the burnt ends. They were just so ridiculously tasty and pretty much melted in your mouth. Dude. We didn't find an excess of fat either, and what fat we did find, we ate with pleasure. I have never enjoyed fat as much as I enjoyed at this meal. It was like butter.As for the restaurant, it's a bit out there in an isolated spot but close to lots of bars on Vernon. We were able to find a table easily and service was great. I will definitely return!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/22/2013,167,240,9,12,10>After reading the reviews for this up and coming, my friends and I decided to drop by to try it out. And good thing I have seen the pictures of the facade or else we would've missed this. The other reviewers were not joking about the restaurant being a little gem in a secluded spot. The outdoor lights definitely stood out and made it easier to locate. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. And if the friendly face doesn't give you the impression that the staff will be lax and considerate, the modesty in the decoration and atmosphere will. Extra points for the hand-painted details and hooks along the wall for coats. Between the 4 of us, we ordered a few items to share and our own entrees. -Banh Xeo: We should've ordered more of this! Sharing this between 4 people was difficult because it was absolutely delicious. This is traditionally served as a soft crepe, but Bunker serves it with a crispy crepe, which I definitely have no problem with. Fried = good. What I loved about this is the creamy egg sauce that's folded into the filling which added a another level of flavor and provided a nice hard-soft texture comparison with the crispy crepe and crunchy bean sprouts. -Garlic Fried Rice: Yums! The rice had tons of garlic and also had diced tomatoes, which added a little tartness and acidity to the dish. But just to warn you - if you are not a garlic lover, you might want to stay away. And if you are a garlic lover, bring gum. -Charred Baby Bok: Pretty simple dish and on point. You can taste the "heat" of the wok in the boy choy. The drizzled shrimp chili oil also added a little unexpected but delightful kick. -Bo Luc Lac: I had a taste of the beef cubes from my friend's plate and pretty yummy. The beef was tender and cooked to medium, while still maintaining the sear and caramelization. My friend opted to add an egg, which was great. But suggestion for Bunker - rather than frying the egg, you might consider making the egg sunny-side up or over-easy. The runniness (if that's a word) of the egg would be amazing on the rice and would compliment the beef cubes nicely. -Mo Pho: This is definitely not the traditional pho you usually get at Vietnamese restaurants. The broth is much more hearty and possesses more of a nutty and earthy flavor - opposed to the traditional pho which is more sweet. What I liked was the meat: the beef was sliced paper-thin and included a big piece of oxtail with marrow still intact. It's also nice that the onions are included as a supplement instead of already placed in the bowl, allowing me to add as little or much as I want.Overall, good food with friendly service. Tip: The restaurant does not have their liquor license yet so it's currently BYOB.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/21/2013,364,373,9,16,14>The Olde Prague Tavern is a new Bar & Restaurant that opened on Super Bowl Sunday. It is located on 31st Street, right off 30th Ave which use to housed Zlata Praha.I think I am going to love The Olde Prague Tavern. From the moment I walked in, I felt "Welcome, Special and Appreciated". What more can you ask for. Roman, the friendly bartender with a smile and Barry, the owner, also with a smile. They are a welcome addition to a neighborhood that sometimes bars and restaurants don't make you feel "Welcome, Special, and Appreciated". They are spoiled because 30th Avenue is so busy that they don't need to make you feel "Welcome, Special and Appreciated".The Olde Prague Tavern was going through some opening pains last night. This is to be expected with all new operations, but how they handle the hiccups without alienating customers and making fun of the situation; was well done. While trying to fix Direct TV on the televisions, Barry the owner somehow blew the outlet with a beautiful display of sparks. Now this was a non dangerous situation, but the humor that followed was very entertaining. The Bar did not lose a beat with the dozen or so customers. All join in with "cracks" because no one had a flash light. Priceless.The Olde Prague Tavern is a full bar with tasty Czech Beers on tap and a nice espresso machine. It has all your standard beers and liquors, but I did notice some Czech specialties. I am sure with the coming months, they will add drink specials, Happy Hour, Czech specialty drinks, etc.,etc. The restaurant (food part) will be opening in a couple of months and I look forward to some tasty food.Overall, I highly recommend The Olde Prague Tavern. Like I said, it just opened and The Bar and Restaurant needs to get their feet wet. It has to take that new edge of the wall and acquire that warm fuzzy feeling that is all good. They are certainly on the right track with Barry and Roman. Competition is fierce on 30th Ave, but if they make everyone feel "Welcome, Special and Appreciated" one customer at a time, The Olde Prague Tavern will be successful. All the Best......................
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/20/2013,62,321,13,5,7>In this movie I play a hardened Astoria pizza veteran who has been through some really traumatic culinary events. I've seen some sh*t. Some pizzas can't be uneaten. Eventually I just become dead on the inside. Then Basil Brick Oven comes along and shows me I don't have to live this way. I can let go of my pain. This pizza is different. It doesn't care about my past. It loves me unconditionally, even if I wake up screaming every night. And you know what? I open my heart again and some emotional music crescendos and a playful breeze ruffles my hair and you see me smile again. Maybe I'm standing on a beach as the sun rises or something.THE ENDWritten, directed and produced by me. Starring me and Basil Brick Oven Pizza.Excellent, traditional-style pizzas with toasty crust, real mozzarella and fresh, unique toppings. Blows away most of the neighborhood pies. There will be a sequel.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/19/2013,230,472,5,6,6>Ridgewood's Egyptian Coptic community spawned this restaurant last year. The corner storefront space combines a deli and breakfast counter with a selection of Middle Eastern grocery products for sale (get your tahini here), a few tables, outdoor seating, and a full kitchen.The food seems to have improved since they opened. On my most recent visit I ordered the tamiyya (falafel) platter. The balls were on the oilier end, but served in a bed of fresh parsley, tomato, and lettuce. Really creamy baba ghanouj. They also have hummus, ful, various kofta dishes, and, incongruously, hamburgers.I wish they had koshary.Overall, very good food and friendly service in a spartan environment, and the only proper Middle Eastern restaurant in Ridgewood since Istanbul Shish-Kebab closed a few years ago.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,3/18/2013,200,154,6,6,7>I love the vibe at Fatty's Cafe. They have one of the cutest outdoor seating areas in Astoria, with potted tropical plants, and an adorable faux beach shack. Indoors is also cool, with aqua painted walls, and they play awesome music. I've been for brunch on a couple of occasions. I'd say my favorite item so far on the brunch menu is the Cubana Sandwich. I've also had the Dominican Sunrise and the Mofongo. The Dominican Sunrise is a caribbean twist on your typical egg platter - it had fried queso blanco and tostones in addition to the 2 eggs and sausage. I've only really had mofongo once before, in Puerto Rico, so I don't have much to compare it to. Fatty's version is tasty, albeit a tad bland & heavy. This may just be how the dish is supposed to be (it's basically a giant ball of mashed plantains stuffed with your choice of filling, so y'know). I think the funky ambiance at Fatty's is what makes me love this place so. The food is unique - there's nothing else like it in Astoria, but it's that irie vibe that keeps me coming back for more.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,3/17/2013,271,569,8,8,8>I've always been curious about Gamjatang (direct translation: potato stew). It's called potato stew, but it's really pork bone stew with a few potatoes thrown in.Man, where has this been all my life??22 of us descended on Geo Si Gi after church, and they split us up into two groups - a table of 6 on one side and a table of 16 on the other. In an effort to eat as much as possible, I moved over to the table of 6.We ordered the standard gamjatang - Geo si gi gamjatang as we didn't need anything extra (like seafood, curry, kimchee, etc as the other gamjatang options). We ordered the 4 portion option, as well as gamja pajun (potato pancake)!I LOVE potato pancakes (LATKES!), and seriously - didn't even know that my people had our own type of potato pancake. It's AMAZING.It is a bit of work to eat the Gamjatang, as the meat comes on the bone and you have to pick the meat off with chopsticks, and it's really messy, but it's SO GOOD. I also really enjoyed the sweet wasabi dipping sauce that added another layer of flavor on the pork + vegetables. Definitely not a date dish as it's really sloppy to eat, but it's so worth it!After we had eaten our fill of the pork and vegetables, they made a fried rice dish with the leftover stew afterwards. I ate so much I needed to lie down for a few hours afterwards. Even with the four portion option, the 6 of us ate to our hearts content and ended up shelling out $22 per person. I was literally just here a few days ago, but I'm sitting here wondering if I can get someone to go back here with me this week! SO GOOD!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,3/16/2013,458,267,6,10,9>Here's another long overdue review. Tienda Vieja has been in the neighborhood for about 5 years now, and we've been coming here for just as long. If you know the area, you know that Spanish food of any kind is very hard to come by, let alone Colombian food. Needless to say we were ecstatic when this place opened. Always friendly service, and the restaurant itself is pretty simple, spacious and rarely busy. You can dine in, take out and have food delivered. In fact, most of their business is take out and delivery, so don't be alarmed when you see the place empty every time you pass by. The food is very good, and as near as I can tell business is booming. I've been coming here since they opened, and I'll continue to be a customer. Tienda Vieja is really an asset to the area, and I'd like to thank everyone who has supported, and continues to support this place ;-)
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/22/2014,156,170,7,10,9>Talk about things you love about Queens and Rincon Criollo might just be part of that conversation. The diversity of foods just makes you forget about your passport and grab a metro card! Rincon Criollo is in a crazy busy part of Corona (which part isn't busy?). But its pretty much the best Cuban Restaurant I know in NY. (I don't know much, so take it as you will) Not only is the food great, but the service is pretty top notch! Not only are the servers attentive, but polite, amicable, and you're not limited to your 1 server but any of the servers in the restaurant. They all kinda just come by the table and ask if you need anything! (I posted a pic of one of the servers going ALL OUT, dancing, singing and shouting congratulating a couple on an anniversary dinner. They really make a scene of it!)The best part of the place is the food:The Chicharon de pollo is pretty much the overall winner so far. Hands down one of the best entrees in the place!If you're craving a little red meat at a great price, the Bistec rincon Criollo is pretty good. Good portion size, its not a Great steak (its pretty much flat and cooked well done) but its well flavored with the onions on top. The breaded pork chop cutlet was HUGE! Each entree comes with 2 sides.My favorites are the Sweet Plantains (maduros) and the Cassava in garlic sauceI hear the desserts are good, but there's always so much food I never have enough room for dessert! A gem in Corona!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/21/2014,90,59,7,11,6>Yet another native New Yorker who finally broke down and decided to learn how to drive before he turns 30 here! Weary from not so good experiences with other driving schools, I put all of my eggs in my Yelp basket, found my way to Learn-Rite and bought their 5-course package.I knew this school would be way ahead anything else I had experienced before from the moment I walked into the Flushing office. Open, clean and friendly (gives you Dentist office tease), the office was what all schools should aspire to be; approachable. Low and behold Approachability would prove to be a reoccurring theme of my time studying with Learn-Rite. From my 5-Hour class with Elizabeth to my 5 lessons with the incomparable Rebecca, to just a few days ago where I received my license from the Great State of New York, the entire experience was been wrought with friendly, professional and helpful service.  As for my driving instructor, where to start? Rebecca, who is not only an experienced driver/driving instructor but also teaches people how to fly planes was all that and a bag of funions. Possibly insane but absolutely hilarious, she made driving a fun learning experience. I felt like I was driving with a friend a most of the time; cracking jokes, sharing and over-sharing. Many times I would have to slow down because the hilarity would not stop. Learning with her made driving seem second nature...quickly reminding me to pay attention to my surrounding, polish up on distance and a load of other techniques, Rebecca helped take the fear and tension out of being a new driver.With license in hand, I can absolutely say that trekking out to Flushing on the Q25 was absolutely worth it. I'd love to see Learn-rite expand to other parts of Queens but do appreciate that this type of service is usually best kept small and intimate. Regardless I see nothing but good things for this company. All the best to them and their future students! Thanks for everything!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,7/20/2014,43,102,5,8,7>I can honestly say that it has been nearly 10 years since I last ate at Spice (Union Square location), so sitting down to eat at the LIC location was a bit of a throwback.Of course, this time around I wasn't a twenty-something early in his career and eating on a budget; now I am a thirty-something deep into a new career as a teacher and toting two young kids and eating on a budget...the more things change, the more they stay the same!That also applies to Spice: new location, same taste, same value.  I got here for the lunch special (11:30AM-3:30PM every day, weekends included), and I'd suggest you do as well.  Each entree comes with an appetizer, so that helped with feeding the kids.  We ordered Chicken Curry, Home-style Beef Panang, and Three-Flavored Whole Fish with Andaman Dumplings and Signature Shrimp Fritters as apps.  Long story short - they were all good, and the two adults AND two kids left happy and full.  Even had leftovers of the beef and the whole fish to take home, which I happily dipped into later that night.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,7/19/2014,66,77,6,7,6>I like this place. If you don't then I'm sorry to say, this is really your only option for ice cream crepes so learn to like it haha. The crepe shells are soft which is what you would expect from a french crepe. From the reviews it seems like its supposed to be more of a Japanese crepe, which is crunchy but I'll explain later on why I like it soft. Its lightly salted so it complements the sweet ice cream and topping very well. The ice cream is shipped to them and seems below average. Its more water then heavy cream. My family owns a ice cream store so I know a thing or two about ice cream. Now on to how I eat it. First of all, throw away the spoon. You won't need it. The crepe is okay/salty, the ice cream is below average. Dissecting this thing apart with a spoon won't help your enjoyment. Second, EAT IT LIKE A SANDWICH. The soft crepe makes this possible. Take a big bite of it and experience the complex mix of salty, sweet, cold and warm. Once I started doing this, I started to appreciate this place.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,7/18/2014,1041,271,8,12,9>I don't oftentimes bestow five stars on a restaurant but in the instance of The Sandwich Bar they are well deserved. Of course the five stars of this sandwich joint are relative only  to the universe of sandwich shops. On one hand they discovered the secret sauce of sandwich success!  But on the other hand this isn't alchemy. It's about connecting the dots of common sense.So without further ado here are the ingredients of The Sandwich Bar's secret sauce: 1. High quality ingredients. 2. Great recipes. 3. The right bread. 4. Ambiance. 5. Knowledgeable and friendly staff.The Ditmars Blvd area in the Queens neighborhood of Astoria is home of some of the best restaurants in New York City, blending great food and price points.  I chose The Sandwich Bar from the many restaurants available to me and I'm glad I did. The room is warm and inviting and full of earth tones. The lower than usual bar is very inviting and so is the staff. I was immediately greeted by Christina who sat me down and she took my order.  She was friendly, very knowledgeable and efficient. And now for the food...I sheepishly ordered the meatball parmigiana sandwich. Christina said that the meatballs were homemade; I've heard that before I thought to myself. Shortly afterwards my sandwich arrived. And what a sandwich it was! It wasn't small but it wasn't obnoxiously huge either. The meatballs were spiced well and perfectly textured. The sauce was a bit too acidic for me but it tasted great. Topping the sandwich was perfectly melted mozzarella cheese. But these great ingredients alone didn't cross the goal line. The piece de resistance was the bread! Not those frozen dough, place in over for 23.5 seconds sort of stuff, served-up as subs that way (wink, wink)  at other places. No this was the real deal. Later that evening I returned with my GF for a quick dinner. This time it was Jenn that helped up. Christina had relinquished her waitress duties to bar tend. We started with the fried chicken strips that came with the best honey mustard sauce I've ever had.  This time around I ordered the roasted turkey and my GF ordered the brisket. Both tasted great but the mostly white-meat  turkey was a bit dry for my taste. Both sandwiches were well dressed with their respective toppings. In both instances we could only finish half the sandwiches and enjoyed the balance earlier today. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,7/17/2014,181,68,7,8,6>I really like this kung fu tea location, reasons being:1) THERE IS A SEATING AREA2) THEY ACCEPT CREDIT CARD AND THERE IS NO MINIMUM... seriously more bubble tea spots need to get with the program3) You can expect good quality tea from this chain, and the boba is always fresh with the perfect amount of chew.My favorites for Kung fu tea have to be passion fruit green tea with tapioca, honey green tea with tapioca and herbal jelly, and any green tea variation really. Dislike: the taro milk tea, not just at this location but all kung fu locations. Taro is one of the best milk tea flavors but it has a strange after taste in this chain. Because of this I have yet to try any of there other milk teas for the fear its going to have the strange after taste. For now I'll just stick to tea without any milk.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,7/16/2014,424,43,6,10,10>Kulu in Flushing... how exciting! I love dessert places and I'm so glad they opened up one in Flushing. Even though there's already a ton of bubble tea/sweet shops. Though I went before their official grand opening the decor looked nice. It definitely looked like something i picture a lot of kids to young adults hanging out at. Service was nice. Since it wasn't too busy we had 4-5 people helping us. Then again we did also order a lot of drinks and desserts. I had the Mango Pomelo and it was made pretty much exactly what I had imagined it to be. My friends thought it was too sweet. The Papaya smoothie was very sweet but again I don't mind it since I love Papaya. I also had the Grass Jelly which wasn't anything too special just grass jelly. I also tried the Mango Sago with Pudding. My friend did not like it and neither did it. It tasted like burnt tofu. o.o Not sure what that's about but could be just not made properly. Overall it looks like it could be a pretty poppin place. Would I come back here? Yes, excited about the crepe. Mmmm
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,7/15/2014,98,71,4,7,5>Anything i have tried from this bakery has been DELICIOUS.  All the pastries, breads & chocolates - all fresh.  The homemade chocolates are all fantastic (ive probably tried them all by now).  There are only $20 a pound which is really not bad (i mean Kosher cold cuts are more expensive then these chocolates).  Most of them are filled with a ganache and the favorite (of my family & friends) is always the long cylinder shaped one.  The chocolate covered cherries are my personal favorite and im pretty sure they have rum in them.Moving onto the pastries... At only $2.50 each they are a steal as they are not only all delicious but fairly large.  Most bakeries in the City sell pastries and slices of cake for $4.99.  There are slices of a particular chocolate cake with a cream filling which is really nice, its moist and not too sweet.The spinach pie is awesome!! I love it, and hot or cold, its really tasty and hits the spot.  They have a wide selection of cookies and alot of beautiful cakes (havent tried the porcupine one yet but its on my list).
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,7/14/2014,118,313,7,11,8>These cute, quaint little cafes seem to be opening up all over the place along Northern Blvd. This place comes off super trendy and I love their bench seating outside. As a coffee lover, their selection is utterly drool worthy. I love the wooden seating - their overall decor and ambiance makes it extremely welcoming. I was there again just this morning no more than a half hour after their doors opened at 7AM, and I was half expecting a cold shoulder followed with the "it's too early to be nice to you" attitude you get from some of these fancy looking little shops. I was wrong. He was extremely kind and smiley. Even to my chatty 4 year old who couldn't for the ever thinning patience of mine, figure out if she wanted a parfait or a cold oatmeal for breakfast. Their added bonus would be the parking lot. I think on a "me day", in the middle of a weekday afternoon, I'd just like to find a corner at bean & bean to park my ass and hide away at with my laptop and copious amounts of coffee. Just for a few hours.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,7/13/2014,36,186,6,21,10>My wife and I just moved to Astoria and wanted to find a new gym. We decided to tour the closest gyms to see which one was the better fit. We walked into Life Health & Fitness and were immediately greeted by a lovely woman named Jackie who gave us a tour and explained their membership options to us. She gave us each a 3-day pass (good for consecutive days once you activate it) and signed off on the special rates she mentioned if we joined together. After our 3 days, we joined right away!They have free towel service (small towels are readily accessible in the front, but I believe you have to ask for larger towels for showering). The locker rooms are spacious and clean. Several bathroom stalls and shower stalls. There's a steam room, too. We haven't tried that yet, but its been working every time we go and people seem to enjoy it. There's also a bar with protein shakes, drinks, fruit, etc if you need to fuel and a small seating area with tables.They have a nice selection of cardio equipment (treadmills, elliptical, steppers, stairmaster, jacob's ladder, stationary bikes, row machines). Each treadmill has a television and there are big TVs spaced out above the ellipticals and steppers. The treadmills don't have the keyboard option to punch in your speed so it can be annoying to do interval work. The cardio machines fill up super fast during busy hours, but I've never had to wait (or seen anyone else wait) longer than 5 minutes. And generally there's another type of machine open if you're not too particular.Thus far, we haven't used the free weights or weight machines, but they have a nice selection. There's an open area with TRX bands, BOSU, stability balls, kettle-bells, ab rollers, trampoline, etc. A section on the side with punching bags and a speed-bag, and in the very back- dumbbells, barbells, benches, and the more "manly" strength options. What I REALLY love about this place is the fitness classes! Here's a rundown:GET RIPPED: This class is tough, but not grueling. You get a pair of dumbbells from the rack in the corner. This class is popular though, so if you have your heart set on a mid-range weight, make sure to elbow your way through the crowd or you'll be left with either the lowest or heaviest weights. No mats. The warm-up is basic stuff- high knees, jumping jacks, etc. Then its a series of strength moves, mixed with a bit of light dance. So Terrence will have you move your hips to the rhythm of the song and then add in various strength moves. There's also floor circuits with lots of planking and push-ups. Its a great workout! Be sure to bring water!BOOT CAMP: This one is super tough.  Lots of push-ups, burpees, box jumps, planks, squats, and laps. Yes. He made us leave the actual gym THREE separate times to do a lap around the block. It is nonstop, no breaks, heart thumping out of your throat fast-paced. I'd love to try it again...in about 3 months. Better for intermediate to advanced level people.CYCLING w/ED: This was my first spin class. Ed was amazing at showing me how to set up the bike and how to have proper form. He's apparently a DJ, so the music is pumping and will definitely get you psyched! It is challenging, but Ed is super encouraging and gives you ample water breaks to catch your breath. I'll definitely be going back to this class!ZUMBA: My Mom takes a Zumba class back home and is forever telling me to try it, so I finally gave in. But holy crap....this was NOT my mother's Zumba class! This class was tough! I was sweating like a beast!!! The instructor, Mabel, could move her hips in ways I still don't understand. What a great calorie burn, though! Don't worry if you're not coordinated- there were all levels of dance ability in this class and I never felt weird or silly. VINYASA YOGA w/DAWN: I love this class! Its certainly not the toughest cardio-wise, but you WILL get your heart-rate up and you will most definitely sweat! And if, like me, your upper body is not particularly strong- it will be challenging. If you're not very flexible, there are yoga blocks to help with variations. Dawn is a wonderful and very attentive instructor. Friday night classes are a great way to wind down from the hectic week. If you're new to yoga and get confused with the lingo, stick with it! You'll catch on quickly and then you can focus on moving through your vinyasa, rather than wondering what the heck a vinyasa is :)Overall, this gym is amazing! I love the staff, instructors, and fellow members. Super friendly and non-judgmental. And for the price, you simply cannot beat it!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/26/2013,50,111,7,8,6>I really do love the peace and calm you can find at Astoria Park in the morning hours.  Joggers, dog walkers and the quiet.  Armed with a cup of coffee and the day's newspaper, I can sit on the benches near the Hellsgate bridge side and stare out over the water for hours. It's very relaxing.Or if you like sun and activity more, there's the open grassy expanse in the center of the park.  Bring a blanket and picnic with some friends.  This is also a great place to people-watch...hilarious sunbathers, yoga gurus, kite flyers, people attempting strange and ridiculous forms of martial arts.  If you don't mind people and are looking less for privacy and mind-clearing moments, come later and enjoy the day.A view of the city just before dusk can be seen from the sidewalk at the bottom of the park's hill.  Great for budding photographers or anyone interested in a great view. There's more to this park for certain - like a gigantic pool, a track and fitness area and tennis courts.  Have a day at Astoria Park, it's totally worth it.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,5/25/2013,44,113,3,7,4>4.5 stars actuallySo I was moving..again..and I was deep in queens and didn't know anything around me... a quick yelp search and Wafa's came up... after perusing the menu I realized i was salivating a little too much and figured that was a sign that I needed to try it... I walked in and it is a cozy little spot, that was pretty busy around 7 pm on Saturday night.  Immediately the middle eastern music made me smile.  I was greeted right away and told them I wanted to place an order for takeout...Now the menu I honestly wanted to try every appetizer bc it was everything that my mama makes back home and as I have been craving her food and missing home I was tempted to order every last item... however self control took over and I ordered a kibbe and the swiss chard soup.  My entree was the mixed grill platter with Shish Tawook( chicken on the grill) and shish kebab ( lamb kebab), it comes with two choices and i decided on the hummus and rice.  I also ordered two chicken shwerma sandwiches for the two people that helped me move my stuff... i'm nice like that...Anyway back to the food, the reason I took off half a star was the wait time the young lady said 15 minutes however 30 minutes later I was still waiting...I got home and my salivary glands were in overdrive especially as I first emptied out the cargo van before I started to eat... The kibbe was on point... not dry not overcooked just right! The swiss chard has probably got to be one of my favorite soups I have tried in nyc... the lemony light goodness of the soup with a nice balance of lentils and swiss chard was awesome...now on to the main dish... it was HUGE! I mean I opened up the container and was like how am i suppose to finish all of this... The chicken honestly was so moist and flavorful and the kebab was not dry and just done ever so right... i loved the fact that with their rice they put lentils as well yummy! and the hummus was just creamy goodness! perfectly seasoned just the way i like it...The guys loved the sandwiches as well, they kinda inhaled them....I was honestly in a food coma when I finished but I was smiling the whole time...I really hope I have a reason to be back deep in queens as I feel the need to go back soon... very soon.....
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/24/2013,286,298,12,24,20>***This review is based on swimming pool membership only.I've been coming to the Astoria Sports Complex pool for over a month now. (Operation exercise-so-that-I-can-eat-as-much-as-I-want is officially a go!) I used to swim competitively year-round in high school and I've always loved swimming so it's nice having a reliable and inexpensive place to swim in my own neighborhood. Membership rates are the cheapest I've seen for a pool and I didn't have to pay a registration fee for one year's membership. I believe the price varies depending on the deals and promotions they have going on at the time. About the pool: OK first things first. The pool is not Olympic-sized as advertised, which is obvious as soon as you see the pool. For those unfamiliar, an Olympic-size pool is 50m x 25m so that lanes can be set up short course (25m) or long course (50m). ASC's pool is 22yd (about 20m) x 4 lanes - so it's shorter than short course. If you're training to compete you'd better find another pool that is actually Olympic standard. That said, the size of the pool is just fine for lap swimming as exercise.The four lanes are labeled by pace, but I've never seen anyone follow the signs. This isn't a big deal because the pool is rarely crowded. On weekdays after 7PM there are never more than two or three people in each lane and there were a few days I was lucky enough to have an entire lane to myself. A life guard is always on duty. Their rule of 1 hour only of swimming per day is loosely enforced, and children are not allowed after 8PM. The pool closes at 10:30PM and I'm usually out way before then, but the one time I was there later than usual I was kicked out of the pool at 10:15PM so I wouldn't plan to stay all the way until "closing."According to their website the pool is kept at 82 degrees, which I recall thinking felt slightly warmer than I'm used to when I first started swimming at ASC. I've since adjusted to their temp. The water is a little murky but the amount of chlorination is pretty standard. They have kick boards and pull buoys available to use to workout. They don't have flags up for swimming backstroke or a poolside pace clock for swimming sets. The women's locker room adjacent to the pool is equipped with the standard bathrooms, showers, lockers, and benches. You're expected to bring your own lock and you can't leave anything overnight unless you rent a locker. There are coin-operated hair dryers, but no swim suit dryers. Overall, ASC is a no-frills-get-what-you-pay-for kind of place, and that's fine by me.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/22/2013,223,77,6,9,8>This is the best place to get Brazilian BBQ in Astoria (or Long Island City? Who knows these days). Unfortunately, I live way west of the N/Q line, so this place is a bit of a trek for me to get to as I often opt to walk. Maybe this is a good thing. Otherwise, I'd be here every day!One of the reasons why I'm in love with this place is because of the hot buffet bar. They generally have a great selection of dishes that you can choose from. You don't often see robust fare like lasagna or stews at a buffet like this. It's usually the wimpy side dishes that occupy those spaces. Of course, the real star of the show is the meat. Like everyone else has mentioned, you go into the corner and ask the person at the station to load your plate up with meat! Their selections are really moist and well seasoned, and I've never had a bad experience at the counter. If there is one tip I could add, it would be to TIP the person working at the meat counter! I don't know if its the time of day I usually visit (which is always at the end of the day) but their tip jar is generally too malnourished!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/21/2013,76,131,11,13,11>I might need an intervention.After the former M. Wells closed, I committed to trying to show more restraint when the new incarnation was born.  Like a failed New Year's resolution, it lasted about a month... and last week I found myself feasting there with friends two days in a row.I'm ordinarily not a sensationalist, and I acknowledge that M. Wells has gathered an obnoxious amount of hype.  But try as I might to find something I don't enjoy, I can't.Chef Dufour's culinary wizardry genuinely is intoxicating.  Many chefs have said that at this point in history, no new dishes are created anymore, merely reinvented.  But M. Wells actually defies that, turning flavors on their head and smacking you in the face with something refreshing, playful, sometimes decadent, but almost always exquisite.Do you have to wait sometimes for a table or even dishes?  Maybe.  But the payoff is well worth it.  What you contribute is what you get back with the staff.  Come in a hurry wanting to rush your experience, and leave disappointed.Come with an open mind to have great conversation with friends, doodle with crayons in the desk while awaiting your food, ask your server her/his personal favorites, stop and observe the faces of fellow diners around you in awe over their dishes... and you will have a wonderful, unique experience.There is nothing else like it... anywhere.  And I simply love it.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,5/20/2013,383,301,8,11,8>First time here the other night for a gathering/birthday event. I was pleasantly surprised by the venue!Food: there were complaints from my friends that some of their items were slightly high in salinity, specifically the noodles, but I was very impressed by everything else. The "Yan Su Ji" or Taiwanese Style Fried Chicken "Nuggets" are so good here that they rival some of the neighborhood authentic Taiwanese places! The fried dumplings or "guo tae" ("pot sticking/stickers") as per Elsie W.'s review, are phenomenal! Portions are smaller than I had hoped for, however. We made up for it by ordering multiples of each item. I must say that the Blue Moon Beer on tap here seemed very watered down. This made it lose one star.Service: extremely responsive! It took me a while to figure it out, but I could pick up the phone, press the middle button and tell the server(s) precisely what I needed. This is perhaps better than a system of pressing the "call" button and expecting the server to come in and hear your order over the KTV system.Decor: the small room for $60 (rate on weekends and Friday evenings) was probably large enough to fit 10 people. It's a great deal, until you realize that the food prices are slightly high. However, you get what you pay for. The bottles are on par with other competitors in Flushing. The sound system is amazing, though I found that there is a bit of a learning curve because the Karaoke song selection system is unlike anywhere I've been to. The bar area is slightly odd in the sense that there is hot pot being cooked at the restaurant very close by. It's an interesting mix, not sure how I feel about it. I need to spend more time at this bar to soak up the atmosphere (and the smell of cooking hot pots).Oh, and I must mention that Jando bought me a shot of Jameson for my birthday at this bar! He's the man!This will now become my go-to KTV place in Flushing. Since Zebra Lounge 1 is under construction and this is a significantly safer area to be in anyway, I may just drop Zebra 1. Kindly note that prices are slightly higher than competitors in the area but again, you get what you pay for (generally speaking).
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/19/2013,227,484,8,11,10>I had to come a few times to try out the soup dumplings and other dishes before I could write my review.  Also I'm holding out on sharing with you guys because I don't want long lines at this new place.  This new place isn't centrally located and we wouldn't have known about it if we didn't drive by.  As everyone else mentioned, parking is sparse but is available.  You have to circle the block and go to the side streets for parking.  So after eating the steamed tiny buns 3x, we decided we like them.  The flavor inside is cleaner, less oily, and lighter than that of Joe's Shanghai.  The broth also looks clearer and the soup inside tastes sweeter.  I also judge my mini buns by the ability to stand up to my chopsticks.  No breakage is a good sign.  Breaking and leaky soup buns make me angry.  I've been getting a lot of breakage at Nan Xiang at Prince.  I believe they changed their recipe for the bun.I hate waiting in line at Joe's Shanghai and the skin on their buns are a bit thick.  They also put so much MSG and oil in all their dishes, it makes you so thirsty you have to finish a pot of tea.  I give this place 4 stars because their other dishes are pretty good as well and they have a large menu with a variety of Shanghai cuisine.  Their pan fried dumplings are awesome, not thick skinned, perfect golden crust, un-greasey, seasoned pork filing.  Cha Chiang Mien, Shanghai fried rice cake, stewed beef w/noodles, and watercress w/enoki mushrooms were very good dishes.The only thing that wasn't good that we've tried was the fried bean curd and bean noodle soup.  The soup was a little bland, was thinking it was just an off night, for the price and the portion I'd give it another try.A light must get dessert is the sesame rice balls in soup.  So good!  They take a while to order so place the order when you get your dishes.  Sometimes the service is a little slow, because the staff is young and they mostly speak Chinese.  During dinner hours there is barely a wait.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be getting delivery at least once a week.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/18/2013,734,760,13,14,14>Can you handle it? Can you handle 16 of 'em? ...Because I can't.My 16 Handles affair began 2 years ago in the East Village. Being a long-time PinkMango fanatic, I didn't like 16 Handles. Sure, I loved that they had a huge variety of flavors to choose from but did I like any of them? Nope. When it comes to froyo, I have a strong dislike for any flavors other than tart and pomegranate because the rest all taste artificial. I didn't exactly jump all over the place when 16 Handles came to Astoria but since I've joined Planet Fitness about 2 months ago and didn't want to make that boring trip to Red Mango, I've been frequenting 16 Handles.I've always loved the fun atmosphere of 16 Handles and looks like there's a whole lot more options of toppings since I've last visited one. They have lychee topping, which is a plus! They've also added a few fun flavors like egg nog (too sweet for my liking) and coffee. Unfortunately, my old stamp card has no value as they've also switched to swipe cards but I think I'm finally hooked after all these years!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,5/17/2013,7,71,7,9,10>S Prime is A++ in my book!I couldn't say better things about this place!  This was my first time here and I couldn't wait to write a review.  I had an amazing experience and wanted to share it with the world!  We had 7:30 reservations on a Thursday nite.  To my surprise, there weren't any patrons inside.  I know this place has only been open for about 2 months now so the word hasn't gotten out...but it should!  I just can't get over the meal I had here. We were promptly sat towards the back at a rather huge table with super comfortable leather seats.  The table was a bit raised up right in front of an open display case of hundreds of wines!  I was already impressed and I haven't tried one thing yet.  We were greeted by our lovely waiter, Kate.  She was such a sweetie and answered all of questions from menu selections to wine/steak pairings.  By the way, the menu's they give out are quite gigantic!  I couldn't get over the vast selection of wines!  I'm no wine expert so I asked Kate what I should order with our steak and she recommended two bottles but also suggested by the glass.  I figured let's go all out and go with a nice reasonable priced bottle so we decided on the Siena? I believe that's what it was called.  The apps. came next.  Once again, our waiter suggested we try the Tartare's.  They had three kinds!  Steak, Spicy Tuna and Salmon.  I couldn't decide so we opted for the Trio Sampler.  You get a taste of all three! Yummy!  I enjoyed all of them but my favorite was the Spicy Tuna.  Maybe I'll do that next time.  Next Kate brought out a selection of breads - Multigrain, Pumperknickel and one other one.  We swallowed the bread like no tomorrow while munching away on the tartare. Wait! did I mentioned, one of the waiters brought out a sampling of a butternut squash soup on the house!  Yummy! Now the main course - Porterhouse for 2!  I've had this type of steak at many steak houses but this one actually blew them all out the water!  The main reason is that S Prime cooked my steak perfectly!  Sometimes you go into a place and you ask for Medium, they bring it out Medium Rare or in some cases, very well done.  You never get it just as you like it.  At least for me.  I love Medium to medium rare but I'm afraid it was going to be too rare so I had asked for Medium to medium well with a little pink inside as to not cook it too well and the steak came out perfect!  The steak just melted in my mouth.  My wife and I were some happy diners last night!  We ordered two sides - Cream Spinach and Garlic Mash Potatoes.  Both to die for!  Towards the end of our amazing experience, the manager or owner (not sure) brought us a complimentary sampling of another wine from one of their wine tastings. I was just lost for words at this point.  Dessert?  Nope.  Sorry.  Me and the wife were so full!  In summary, service was over the top perfect, the food was simply amazing and the decor was spectacular.  I can really go on and on about this place but I'm going to have to stop myself.  I really hope this fine establishment does well in the coming months and hopefully for years!  Forget about Manhattan!  Forget about Peter Lugers or Benjamin's Steakhouse or Uncle Jacks.  S Prime is where it's at!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,5/16/2013,90,616,6,8,7>Like most typical Chinese restaurants, the decor and hygiene is understated.  I find Shun Wang an awesome place to meet with family, friends, even a date.  It has a bathroom and ample seating for about 70 or more.  It has quick seating.  I felt that the service from waitstaff was prompt as well as personable.  I came in on a Friday evening and was able to get a table for 9 immediately.  Shortly after, we sat down at 6 pm, the place was starting to fill up.  By the time we left around 9 pm, the entire restaurant was 80% full, so I recommend heading there around 6 pm if you despite a wait before a huge delicious meal.  We ordered a number of meals including: Siu ji yook(that is as good as I can say it phonetically)/roast pork with crispy skin-now, this is an incredible creation, with enough hoi seen(sauce that comes with this dish), the meat is flavorful.  Just think of a huge pig on a rotisserie grill, and there you go.  The skin is similar to those pork rinds that you find in the junk food section of your local deli. Yes, very crispy indeed.  I loved this!Frog legs-these were deep fried in batter and cooked with random small vegetables, not badwonton soup(2 bowls)-freshly wrapped wontons in a soup with sliced scallions and scrumptious broth.  Very appetizing, but maybe not so big to constitute your whole meal(unless you were not that hungry).  sauteed clams in black bean sauce-amazing, I found that the sauce was prepared just right.  This is one platter of great flavor and definitely one of my favorites herepork chop dish-drenched in a sweet honey sauce after the chops were fried, was our group table favorite, so awesome that we had to bring some home to eatoong choi-Chinese vegetable resembling large green straws, sauteed in oil and garlic.  It has the texture of spinach and kale and is a juicy vegetable with leaves
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/21/2014,410,456,6,10,9>My boss Jack can't stop raving about this place like it was the best Italian restaurant in the whole of New York & I remember stopping here once,  years ago but didn't quite leave an imprint on me... I guess it all depends upon the kind of food you order. Don Peppe is located at 135-58 Leffert's Blvd, South Ozone Park, between 135 & 149th Ave, 11420.Well, last Friday my boss took us all to Don Peppe's  & specially ordered his favorite dishes.   It was also to celebrate one of our lawyers ....Pat's birthday. We all crammed up in his small car, 5 of us in the back seat, and 2 in the front seat, we were lucky we didn't bump into a cop otherwise we could have been flagged down.  As soon as we we were seated.......He started his litany of orders starting from the 4 bottles of wine...Bread in Baskets & butter. then came the Baked Clams, Don Peppe Special Salad, Pimento & Anchovies for appetizers..We didn't even wait for the celebrant as he was tide up in court with a client.Then came the Pasta, Two kinds of Linguini, One with White Clam Sauce & with the other with Red Clam Sauce, It was delicious. (my favorite so far)  The celebrant arrived at this point.Then came the Veal Parmagiana, Breast of Chicken Marsala with Peppers, Mushrooms & Sausages, & the Lobster Fra Diavolo with Clams, Mussels & Calamari . It was awesome!!The Desserts  were equally appetizing too. Freshly made  Cannoli, Cheesecake &, Lemonchelo. It was glutony at its best!!! We can't hardly move after that..The waiters were all so attentive & on the go, Very pleasant bunch....BTW, No cards please Just Bring your cash!!!....
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,8/20/2014,64,138,6,11,7>Finally made it to Il Bambino! I don't know HOW it took me so long, but I promise you, Astoria, I'm planning on making up for lost time. Like a lot of the restaurants here (I'm discovering), Il Bambino is small, intimate and unpretentious. The dining room only has a handful of tables (in plain sight of a fluorescent meat counter and coffee bar), but with the candles and dim lighting it's elegant enough to meet up for a date or with relatives from out of town. The menu is here is simple: salads and small plate "tapas" appetizers, paninis, and crostini. It took us approximately 1,000+ hours* to make a decision because EVERYTHING LOOKS DELICIOUS. Everything, everything everything. And surprise! Everything IS delicious! We ordered the String Bean small plate to share (baby string beans with toasted bread, shaved parmesan and truffle vinaigrette), I got the Prosciutto Panini (with fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, olives and rosemary aioli) and my friend chose the Mushroom Panini (with fontina, truffle spread, "dirty chips," and caramelized onions). Without going into FULL dish-description-mode, everything we tried was great. 600+ Yelp reviews aren't wrong: Il Bambino takes simple, high-quality ingredients and smashes them together into plates of awesomeness. And the prices (for food and wine) are totally reasonable. Definitely going to be one of my new neighborhood staples!*Delicious food tends to make me exaggerate. CONSTANTLY.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,8/19/2014,223,77,13,11,10>On occasion, I get some very intense pupusa cravings. The last time one struck me, I waited for the Q18 bus in the rain for close to 40 minutes just to get to Woodside. I could've certainly taken the train, but sometimes pupusa cravings can cloud my judgement. This place is awesome. I don't know the name of the guy that always takes my takeout order but he's really sweet and welcoming. Every time I walk in it feels like I'm breaking into someone's home. The atmosphere is just so welcoming. All the pupusas are good. The mixed ones are the best. It's illegal to eat them without the salsa and curtido (the cabbage salad), so make sure you don't break the law.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/18/2014,71,370,5,9,5>This place would get 5 stars if it weren't so pricey.  My salad came out to $14!!!  (this is almost the same exact salad that I get at Cafe Metro in NYC everyday for $9 - the difference is that I get grapes instead of oranges)  Albeit the salad was HUGE but still, $14.  They charge a little more for certain ingredients.Decor = 5 StarsFresh/Delicious Food = 5 StarsFriendly Staff = 10 StarsProximity to home = 5 StarsThis is a cute little place located on Union Turnpike that offers really fresh food and great service.  Their menu mainly consists of fresh salads, wraps, bubble teas, Slushy drinks and some desserts like Rice Pudding and Frozen Yogurt/Gelato.I also tried:Almond Green Tea w/tapioca pearls = Good!Mangolicious Rice Pudding = Delicious!!!I like this place and now that I have tried it, I will most definitely order more often.BIG PLUS, They will be offering Veggie and fruit smoothies soon.  now I can get my Spinach/Ginger/Apple/Celery smoothies when I don't have the stuff at home!!!  YAY!!!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/17/2014,134,610,6,8,10>"Welcome to the party Pal!" - John McClane, Die Hard . . .  and me after my first of many visits to Transmitter Brewing.A nano-brewery, meaning they make beer 5 kegs at a time.  Sounds like a lot, but it's tiny, like back when you were a kid and made water colors with those little cups, so you'd have a bit of paint to work with.  Know what I mean?  Okay, maybe not, but it's a tiny amount.So that allows the good folks at Transmitter to use good ingredients, charge high prices (supply & demand) and make excellent beer on a small scale.  I love excellent beer made of good stuff, so this is in my interest.Transmitter itself is a small place in an industrial area near Fresh Direct, located almost directly under the Pulaski Bridge from Long Island City to Greenpoint.  You can drive there or walk (from the 7 or whatever) - use the stairs up to the Pulaski Bridge as your guide.  Once you're at the base of the stairs, it's 15 feet, across the street.  Yes, it really is located off of Borden, yes the road to get to it is across from the ramp off of the Midtown Tunnel, yes you have to cross the train tracks.  Cross those tracks after looking both ways, walk 300 feet and it's on your right.I went there on their 2nd week open after having one of their beers during Queens Beer Week - wow.  WOW.  Lovely saison, wild yeasts, belgian styling, so good.  Came here to try their beers, found a small tasting room offering free sips of their newest bottled items, with same bottled items available for sale.  First was good, second was better, gladly bought a bottle for $15.  Beautiful label, cork stopper, sits in the fridge for sometime to enjoy this week.Long Island City is quickly becoming a craft beer hot bed with Rockaway and Big Alice - Transmitter may yet be the best of the bunch.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/16/2014,275,34,10,13,15>We were told about Bakhter's by a family friend, and I'm SO glad we decided to give it a try. We've been back numerous times and it is truly the best Afghani food we've ever had. The white sauce isn't too thick and the portions are very big. We almost always order the Chicken Kufta and tika platter - you can split this with another person unless you're feeling extra hungry.The food is delicious, but service here isn't the best. You walk... choose a table and... wait. Sometimes you have to wait forever unless you make your way to the front and place your order, which I highly recommend. It isn't like most restaurants where you'll have a server and they'll consistently check-up on you. You grab your own drinks from the front and if you want to place another order, make yourself noticable. Bring cash!!! They do not believe in credit cards. *Also this place is not very vegetarian friendly.*Last piece of advice: If you're taking out, make sure you ask for extra white sauce and hot sauce because they'll give you very little.But all in all, the food is amazing.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/15/2014,15,45,5,6,7>Subarashi! This small place is really thebombdotcom. When you enter, the lights are dim, the seats aren't uncomfortable chairs, they're quite comfy, the table is set up nicely, and the sushi bar is right next to you (depending on where you're seated), and the waiters are welcoming.Our server for the evening was Eddie, who was awesome with explaining what some of the dishes were and how many pieces of sushi/rolls/maki etc. it came with. (Thank you, Eddie!) *I don't know who Eddie is, but I feel the need to point out that he did a good job.*We started off with California rolls, which tasted fresh & weren't cold and hard like the ones that are supposedly freshly made at the supermarket. You can taste the difference... I didn't want them to disappear so quickly. ): they were so good! That avocado was perfect. But then... came our meal..The Chicken Udon Soup was the perfect warm meal to have on this cold rainy night. Perfect ratio of noodles, veggies (celery, broccoli, carrots, mushrooms), and chicken. The chicken didn't taste like the fake pieces you'll get with chinese take-out. It tasted like homemade chicken noodle soup. You can even drink the soupy part of the dish, the soup isn't salty, flat, or watery... I swear it's perf. They give you a hefty bowl too, so don't think it won't fill you up. It definitely will. Yum in da tum!~ The beef gyoza (which is sort of similar to a dumpling) is fried (or steamed) to perfection. They're not as thick as chinese dumplings, and they feel less heavy.The shrimp tempura rolls were SO YUMMY. The perfect amount of crunch, the teriyaki sauce drizzled on top, and the avocado all wrapped into one... I thank the sushi sensai of Japan for creating such delicacies.My friend ordered the chicken fried rice; compared to Dee Thai's fried rice (obviously they're two different types of asian cuisines) TJ had a healthier taste. Healthy is always better, yes? Yes, of course. SO LET'S GET MORE.To finish off, we had the tempura fried ice cream. Almost like the Thai fried ice cream, only the batter is fluffier and a tad sweeter (which I liked very much), and the green tea ice cream was creamy and sweeter as well. I personally like the Japanese version of fried ice cream better than Thai fried ice cream. I guess I just have a sweet tooth. :}The waiter(s) were super attentive and really nice. They refilled my glass like about 7+ times, lol.The bill came out to be almost similar to what's spent at a Thai restaurant, but at TJ's we had an appetizer & dessert included. Same pricing for the bill but more food involved?? What what! This place is great.Fresh, tasty, clean, welcoming... I like this. I like this very much.I believe I have a new spot. ;)**AND they have take-out/delivery. Oh boy. I think they have a new favorite customer.(Note that delivery might take a while. They make sure your order isn't rushed, so it can be freshly made and not sloppy. It's worth the wait!)
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,8/14/2014,165,4,5,8,9>Nusara is a clean and simple Thai restaurant with amiable service and delicious food. It wasn't overcrowded on a Saturday evening which worked in our favor. The service was attentive and fast. The hostess was very friendly as well.We ordered the green mango and crispy chicken wings for appetizers. The host offered us to try the seasonal green mango and I'm glad we did. I was a little skeptical when I noticed no spices or sauce were accompanying the sliced up green mangos on a plate. As soon as I tasted one piece I realized nothing else was necessary to make it more delectable. It had just the right amount of sweetness to it. The crispy chicken wings with the sweet sauce were pretty good as well. Next were chicken larb and panang duck. The deep fried roasted boneless duck in panang curry with white rice (which was molded into a butterfly shape, how cute!) was mouthwatering. You must try. We decided to wrap up the evening with the final item. Mango with sticky rice for dessert. O.M.G. It was the perfect sweets to end a perfect evening. We were already stuffed but devoured it as soon as it hit the table. Soo delicious! It's a seasonal dessert, so make sure to try it before July-August. I will definitely be back again. Soon.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/13/2014,239,165,10,14,9>we-found-this-place-from-boro-magazine-my-first-thought-was-omg-another-thai-restaurant-but-then-we-saw-whats-on-their-menu-i-was-like-yeah-we-need-to-check-this-place-out-oh-and-if-you-are-wondering-what-pye-pi-means-it-means-to-row-a-boatfirst-of-all-this-place-is-selling-noodle-soup-so-dont-expect-any-soupy-curries-well-they-have-panang-on-the-menu-but-thats-about-it-this-places-decor-brings-you-back-to-how-most-restaurants-in-thailand-looked-like-half-a-century-ago-how-vintage-using-paint-bucket-as-a-door-stop-is-genius-guys-we-got-seated-in-the-back-patio-our-waitress-kitakarn-sp-was-sweet-friendly-and-attentive-we-ordered-two-drinks-two-starters-and-two-entrees-we-got-frozen-lychee-with-vodka-and-frozen-watermelon-with-rum-they-were-quite-alright-for-the-warm-summer-day-our-appetizers-arrived-salted-wings-salty-wingettes-with-fish-sauce-dip-and-fried-pork-strips-with-sriracha-this-place-uses-the-original-sriracha-where-it-was-first-originated-in-thailand-not-ahem-vietnam-as-a-dipping-sauce-appetizer-portion-was-small-we-inhaled-them-immediately-lolthen-came-the-showstoppers-pork-beef-boat-noodles-with-vermicelli-dark-broth-were-just-amazing-with-a-little-seasoning-from-their-condiment-caddy-its-a-rare-find-for-this-kind-of-broth-in-nyc-since-it-contains-the-secret-ingredient-yeah-lets-leave-it-at-that-we-enjoyed-it-very-muchfinally-another-restaurant-i-can-rave-about-ignore-the-reviews-from-those-whose-palates-are-poorby-the-way-why-would-come-here-in-the-first-place-and-order-pad-thai-or-pad-see-ew-its-the-same-everywhere
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,8/12/2014,243,374,12,14,16>I first learned about Takesushi at the Spring Spectacle Yelp event. After tasting the samples, they have been on my radar of must try. Turns out Sunnyside has been harboring this great restaurant for sushi (They moved from Midtown).With simple decor, Takesushi serves their food with very fresh ingredients. Having been here twice within a month, I have walked out feeling extremely satisfied and not weighted down. On our first visit we experienced some delays and an missing item but we were comped with a couple of very delicious items and several apologies.  The service here is great, humble, and so ever polite: a true feeling that you are their guest. We have tried:Seaweed salad - Standard Asian seaweed salad fare.Tempura Dinner - Very light (also salt wise...). Comes with rice, salad and soup.Sushi A and Sushi Takesushi - Their fish are fresh and good quality. This is your average sushi joint kicked up a notch.Fried oyster - Thanks to the light batter, the oysters have a light crunchy exterior and the inside is juicy soft ouster meat. Omakase - "Hello! Get in my belly! But before I shall savor you slowly, experience the fleshy, jelly texture and the light subtle flavors...." That was my thought when I saw the plate, lined up with nigirizushi made with high quality cuts. Grilled mackerel - Done right. No complains.If you need to know where the fish and seafood are coming from, you can find out on the menu or you can ask the server. There are much transparency. (Please note that Bluefin tuna -toro is overfished, worldwide)4.5 stars. I totally dig Takesushi.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/29/2012,262,613,7,8,11>There was a character on the legendary Mel Brooks/Carl Reiner comedy album called "Corin Corfu".  He was a painter who turned out to not even be greek.Why do I mention this? Besides having the same name as the restaurant under review, the album was "The 2000 Year Old Man."  (About the average age of the typical forest hillian-- I jest, I jest!)Greek cooking goes back that far, if not much, much further into antiquity, with Zeus in Olympus likely having a fondness for grilled seafood.And I was able to get my grill on here during a recent lunch. First, a logistical note: Corfu is located in a bizarre mini-mall on Austin Street, in the heart of what Corfu's web site calls the 'trendiest part of Queens'.  You'll ascend a flight of stairs and enter a small spot with a blue, oceanic theme. Poseidon adventure, anyone?Our group of four felt like it was taking up almost half of the establishment but it's not really that tiny. Decor and feel is probably a step above a typical diner. You won't find any booths here, however, despite the proximity to Booth Street.The staff isn't particularly effusive, bubbling with false Greek hospitality for people who expect to enter the warm embrace of a big, fat Greek wedding. They are efficient and get the job done, which is far more important than wide smiles and open arms.Portions prove that austerity hasn't yet entered this corner of Greece. We could have easily filled up on appetizers alone, starting with an order of felafel and an order of stuffed calamari. The felafel played second fiddle to the calamari creation, which for a moment I thought was canneloni pasta. The outer tube structure was grilled calamari and it was filled with delicious feta cheese. Also included in the appetizer presentation was warm pita and tzatziki dip. Note that entrees come with salad and also lemon potatoes, rice and fava beans. At first I thought there was a choice but no, you get it all. I could have done without the salad but it does add a modicum of healthy greens and serves the purpose of reassuring me that I really am making healthier choices in life.I continued my cephalopod crawl by ordering grilled octopus with olive oil. Pure tentacle pleasure, my friends. I'd shake this octopus' little hand-like structure if it was still alive. Sometimes octopus can be as tough as rubber but here, a few chews and a flavor sensation of the highest order permeates my mouth. I am transported back in space and time and feel like a god, peering down from the sky as my people harvest octopus and squid, grilling it in my honor.The check arrives and stirs me from my Clash of the Titans fantasy. But wait, the clash isn't exactly causing me to give up that much cash. Two appetizers, four entrees and about $20 a head. For the brunch inclined, there's a 11am-3pm $10 or $15 program, the former offering unlimited coffee,soda (dangerous) or juice, the latter unlimited bellini, mimosa or sangria (dangerous). Points to Corfu for having their brunch and lunch menus peacefully coexisting at the same time. Sometimes at 1:30pm a man feels like octopus, thank you very much.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,3/28/2012,395,204,16,21,16>My mom usually gives me a hair cut but she's out of town so instead of using the fruit bowl (over my head) and clippers, I had to come here. Well, I didn't HAVE to go there, but me being fat and lazy overrules all things in my life (ha!) -jk? maybe not jk? Anyway, the Russian guy who gave me a cut did a pretty good job. I swear the last time he gave me a cut, it literally took him like 10 mins (not good). It's only 10 bucks (not including tip, and you should tip) so I'm not expecting a lot but I do want to see barbers give it some effort instead of just using the electric clippers and going buck-wild like it's some race I didn't know I was a part of. This time, I shook his hand, introduced myself and talked him up a bit. I asked some questions, showing that I was interested in the mysterious world of hair, let him know my mother cuts hair (meaning, don't gyp me, I'm a beautician's son!) and THIS TIME he did a much better job. He spent a little more time on the details, using different tools and making sure I was taken care of. Also, amidst the Linsanity (Jeremy Linsanity), there was something we could talk about. Me being Chinese automatically leads people to ask if I'm currently watching the Knicks games. Not being too sensitive, and actually having watched the Knicks games, we connected and now I look like a billion bucks.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,3/27/2012,227,484,11,13,14>With the recent temperature drop and getting over a horrible cold, I thought it'd be best to eat some hot pot.  Veges & meat boiled in some tasty broth are good to soothe the cold.  It's my version of chicken noodle soup.I wasn't sure what to expect, a Thai place serving hot pot sounded strange.  However they did get some great reviews from my friends, so after holding onto my LivingSocial deal I decided to put it to good use.This is a small place that's long and narrow, and has a small bar.  It is somewhat of a tight fit, but it wasn't very crowded for a weekend.We got their steamed new zealand mussels steamed in mild lemongrass basil broth.  The mussels that arrived were ginormous, we didn't expect them to be that large.  They were lightly flavored in lemongrass, just a subtle hint as to not overbear the freshness of the mussels.  This was a great start to the meal along with our tall refreshing glasses of Thai iced tea.Next we both got our Lemongrass Tom Yum hot pots.  They turned on our heaters and showed us how to raise and lower the temps.  I proceeded to the condiment bar which has a very low sneeze guard* to protect it from germs.  I made our standard satay bbq sauce, and then I grabbed their pre-made bean sauce and their hot pot sauce.  We really liked both, the hot pot sauce was spicy.  The bean sauce had a sweeter flavor with sesame seeds in it.  The ingredients tasted familiar but we couldn't determine what was in them.  Ah we would fail the usual blindfolded taste test on Top Chef or Hells Kitchen.  As they brought out our package hot pot sets of surf & turf, and beef, they neatly placed everything to make room.  The servers were so friendly to show us to place in the Japanese pumpkin, corn, and taro first since they take the longest to cook.  As all of our sides arrived tofu skin, fish tofu, and pork dumplings, they helped us consolidate and were constantly stopping by to pickup empty plates.  Which was helpful because I was fearful I'd spill my iced tea.  Service was very attentive, helpful, and I appreciated it.I almost managed to finish my entire hot pot, except for the noodles.  I really enjoyed the Tom yum broth, it wasn't too spicy and the pre-made sauces were delicious.  My seafood was so fresh and the portion I got for the price of $17 was a great deal.  I know it sounds comparable to a bunch of hot pot places in Flushing, but you won't get such service, freshness, and flavor for $17.  You typically get some fresh and some frozen pieces of seafood, but not here!  My fish, squid, and octopus was glistening with freshness (just look at it glisten, yelp.com/biz_photos/jycF).  I have never seen that before except at a real seafood restaurant.  I was really surprised to find it here.They also serve your typical Thai dishes and they must be good because a good 50% of the tables had either standard food or hot pot for dinner.  This is a good choice for people because there are just a few people out there that don't like hot pot.  If you can't agree for hot pot or Thai, just come here because they serve both!Steve and I have agreed to make regular visits as we've found such a great hot pot place.  We want to bring our hot pot loving friends to give it a try.  It's helpful because the neighborhood is clean, safe, and parking is readily available (unlike Flushing).  I vote this place as the next UYE! Come on guys, winter is coming and I need something warm to fill my belly. *I'm short so for this to be under my nose, it's very low.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,3/26/2012,586,742,5,17,12>A meal at Great House Restaurant is indeed GREAT!Great House is located in Flushing, Queens; a very short walk from the Main Street 7 train.  For some reason, when I go to Flushing, I always stay near Main Street towards Northern Blvd.  I never walk towards Kissena Blvd, so this was a very nice find from the Duchess of Pork - Stella S (yelp.com/biz/great-house).  Let me tell you, the Duchess of Pork indeed knows her pork!  She doesn't disappoint!Amongst a group of 13 Yelpers + Friends, we ordered the following:ROAST PIGyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaReminds me a lot of the Filipino Lechon Kiwali but without the sauce and a lot less fat.  MUST GET.PEKING DUCKyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaA meal would not be complete without some Peking Duck.  YUM!  Buns, veggies, and sauce was also served so you can create your own Peking Duck Bun.  MUST GET.PEKING STYLE PORK CHOPyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaThe sauce on this dish was delicious.... everybody at the table loved it.  I'm not too big a fan of fried foods in general... but should get if you like fried foods.TWO LOBSTERSyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaTwo lobsters for $19.99.  Yup, you heard me right.  That's two lobsters for $19.99.  Stir fried with eggs.  MA PO TOFUyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaAlways a fan.  The dish was pretty much licked clean amongst the group.  SAUTEED CLAMS W. BLACK BEAN SAUCEyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaI think anything with Black Bean Sauce is a MUST GET but with the caveat that the chef doesn't burn the black beans when preparing the dish.  DELISH.PRESERVED VEGETABLE W. PORK BELLYyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaI don't think the meat served on the plate was actually pork belly... but tasty, nonetheless.SAUTEED BABY SHRIMPS W. CASHEW NUTSyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaNice.  Clean.  Crisp.BRAISED NOODLE W. CHINESE MUSHROOMyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaI loooooooved Braised Noodles.  I think I literally ate half of the plate.  I helped myself to three servings.  Yup!PAN FRIED NOODLE W. MIXED SEAFOODyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaGood.  I'm personally not a big fan of fried foods - but the seafood and veggies on top was delicious.  Light tasting to offset the fried noodles on the bottom of the dish.SALTED FISH & DICED CHICKEN W. FRIED RICEyelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaDidn't think I was going to enjoy the Salted Fish, but I did.All of the food above... plus 7 sodas and 10 beers... divided amongst a party of 13 - comes out to $27 per person with a very generous tip.  SO CHEAP!  DEFINITELY go with a large party to try all of the different dishes.  Definitely worth your $$$.Store Sign - GREAT HOUSE RESTAURANT yelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaOn the table prior to ordering, there was a small plate of Boiled Peanuts.yelp.com/biz_photos/UbXaFood Rating:  4.5Value:  Definitely worth your $$$.  Bumped up to 5 stars.ENJOY!!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,3/25/2012,366,339,14,6,9>I almost got killed today while waiting in line for my coffee.I was half monitoring the line's pace, half perusing the overhead menu; an even 20/80 split.., whoops! Out from nowhere pops out this third cashier, and she barked aloud, "Next on Line!"Being that I'm quick with foot (and with wit!), and a little afraid of her thunderous voice, I stepped forward, and shouted back out at her, "Coffee-Black!, please?" Unbeknownst to me, I had skipped someone (slow) in front of me. He made it known to me though. This older gentleman said, directly and resolutely, 'HE-AY!' Yes, he turned a one-syllable word into two. He was serious. I turned around, and realized my fault!. I apologized, "Uh, I'm sorry :-(" and said politely, 'I don't want to die today.'At this point in time you may keenly be wondering, what the F are you doing in Panera Bread Tony C?? I like to read my book, but I was sleepy so I needed an injection of coffeeeee...Panera Bread is different than your typical (shhhh!, starbucks) coffee shop though. They balance more towards dining. And, what do people do when they're eating? They like to talk, sometimes while they're actually chewing or swallowing too, go figure. So, you'll hear more noise in Panera Bread than you would in your typical (ahem, starbucks) coffee shop. Though, the type of interesting conversations you can eavesdrop on can be quite amusing. What isn't amusing is when they catch you laughing at them. That's when it helps to stare incessantly at your phone or book while you're laughing, pretending that you're laughing at something else. Save!But, then it's not my fault that I can overhear a couple's conversation from 4 tables away (I blame it on bad feng-shui!). I don't really want to hear about his indigestion problem, or her discomforting and ongoing wedgie issue. And, if that wannabe hipster over on table number 4 says, "Oh my God!" one more time, I might start flinging hot coffee, or slapping people.And, why is this (strange) fellow on my right conducting a business call with his mouth full of Chipotle Chicken Panini? I wanted to say to him, "at least have a LITTLE bit of shame!" But, I didn't because, again..., I didn't want to die that day, and he was a lot hairier than I was. Location-wise, this Panera Bread was comforting. I must have loitered there for at least three hours. The space is Huge compared to what I'd find in Elmhurst, Jackson Heights, or Manhattan. And, I discovered that you just pay $2.50 for all-you-can-drink coffee! Interesting that you can get a buzz off 3 cups of coffee. Bathroom situation?, clean and accommodating, all 3 times.The most important thing? I had fun while I was there.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2012,3/24/2012,181,112,10,8,6>Boba time! Be sure you know your exact order before getting to the front of the line. There is no time for hesitation. Resolve your ambivalence quickly.Don't want to heed my advice? Fine. You will pay with menacing glares from 8-10 cute Asian girls behind the counter. (How do they all even fit back there?? Oh right. They're Asian.)Pros:* Buy one get one for 5-ish bucks* Tender tapioca and jellies* Student discount w/ID* Overwhelming amount of choices--great if you like to change it up every now and thenCons:* Crowded, cramped, and long lines (though moves quickly)* Service will not be helpful if you have trouble deciding your order* Overwhelming amount of choices--just remember, indecisiveness = glares from cute Asian girls
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,3/23/2012,343,884,11,5,5>I'm staaaaaaarving at 11:45 pm on a Tuesday evening...and I know that my options are limited.But...I think someone recently slipped a Due Fratelli menu under my door...If I remember correctly, they're open late night...aaaaaand they deliver.  A new found hope flows through my veins in the 45 seconds that it takes for me to get up and walk to the kitchen.  As I open the drawer, I glance at the face of the menu...which confirms that they ARE, in fact, open until 1 am and they DO, in fact deliver.The menu is never-ending.  It's not just a pizza place, it's your one-stop-shop for all things food related.  Pizza, pasta, appetizers, salads, sandwiches...it's a stoner's paradise.  Imagine, you and your friends sitting around your living room after having indulged.  No quandary -- just order your heart's content from Due Fratelli.They make a mean Sicilian slice, I'm talkin...delish.  Then again, I haven't met a Sicilian slice that I didn't like.  And delivery?  It's effing fast.  I'd love to tell you just how fast the delivery is, but the story is incredibly inappropriate.  Just know, they only allow enough time for one person (not two) to climax.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/22/2012,677,794,9,17,13>When I heard about Queens' first Michelin star, I bookmarked it and watched it sit on my list of "must-go" places for a good solid year. Seeing all the positive reviews and the constant crowd gathered at Danny Brown piqued my interest enough and I finally got up the nerve to go. I had with me a gentleman who has quite a wealth of knowledge with regards to wine which made my time at Danny Brown nearly effortless. All i had to do was drink when he selected. He selected a Bordeaux. We started with two appetizers. The grilled calamari with white beans as well as the roasted beet salad with warm goat cheese and caramelized onions. While the appetizers look small, they are quite filling. I recommend they be shared. The grilled calamari was supple while the white beans were creamy. The roasted beets were sweet and tender, combined with the warm goat cheese- pure perfection. The entree, for me was not so stellar. Suffice to say, i only ordered a burger at a Michelin star restaurant. There were other things on the menu but they were out of hanger steak and a few other things that seemed to, as the waiter said, "fly off the shelves". In my mind, the burger should have been just as good as everything else. The burger was cooked the way i asked, Medium. It was served on a toasted english muffin. The english muffin was very hard to get through so i used a knife and fork to eat my burger sans bun. The meat was probably a little too lean for my liking as the burger, though cooked perfectly, was dry. The Duck Confit managed to be fall-off-the-bone tender yet had a crispy skin on the exterior. The dish was balanced and definitely something that I would consider for next time, providing they are not sold out. Luckily, the beet salad was of epic proportions and I was quite full from that so the disappointing burger didnt really matter. The staff here are great! Combined with the warn decor and relaxed ambiance, the service here makes for a perfect atmosphere to enjoy a fantastic bottle of wine with a delicious meal and leave out all the pretenses that make fine dining snobby and awkward. For this neighborhood, Danny Brown might be out of the way for people but it really is a diamond in the rough.Would I come again?In the words of Mr. Big from Sex and The City, Abso-F*cking-Lutely! (but i will NOT be ordering the burger)
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,3/21/2012,520,724,7,12,14>Who moved my Lao Bei Fang noodle shop? Actually Lao Bei consolidated their two businesses to their 83-05 Broadway shop.Lao Lou Wei is now the new name of this location.The quality is almost the same. I did try to order the items on the hand-written menu taped (original to Lao Bei Fang)to the wall but were asked to order from the new Lao Kou Wei menu.Tonight's dinner was:#20- Preserved Pork Han-Drawn Noodle Soup- $4.25- very good noodle soup.# 24- Hand-Drawn Noodle w. Meat and Bean Sauce $4.25- good; but the meat & Bean sauce was cold and made the hot noodle cold. #29 Fried Pork Sateed Hand-Drawn Noodle $5.00- good dish; large portions.#2 Fresh Pork & Chives Steamed Dumpling (8) for $2.75- they are good; the dumpling skin is too thick and a little doughie.Overall the place is still good.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,3/20/2012,393,406,11,15,15>I just got home from Portalia. I am at least slightly tipsy (arguably more), and am about 15 reviews behind. But this restaurant demands attention. First we got a marinara and goat cheese topping on the house with some delicious bread. Great start. Then we shared crab cakes. Crab cakes are always mushy and similar-tasting. These crab cakes reaffirmed my belief in God.For dinner, I had far and away the best osso buco I've ever had, served on a bed of perfectly cooked risotto. We literally spent the entire meal saying wow, and cleaned the plate completely.Then the pastry chef came out and personally explained each dish. We went with the Torta di Mele (apple tart). Again, you expect an apple tart to taste like everywhere else - frozen crust, processed-tasting apples, etc. This was incredible. We washed it down with a complimentary glass of port.I've lived in Astoria for 7 years, and for whatever reason, this particular location has gone through 6 different restaurants. Portalia needs to last - the other reviews don't lie.Francisco's service was fantastic and I had the chance to meet the owners (George and Antonio) as well. I promised them I would tell you people to come eat here. So do it.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/1/2014,211,584,8,11,8>Finally, great eats are coming to Ridgewood!Ltauha was much needed in our neighborhood, and they're serving up excellent lunch, brunch and dinner fare.I'm always quite surprised when we walk by and find that Ltauha is a little bit vacant, but I'm kind of glad that it's still a bit of a secret and not crowded yet. We've been here for dinner three times, and for lunch/brunch once. Each time, service has been great and the food has been delicious!My favorite menu items are the branzino (a special), the soft-shell crab sandwich (a special), and the BBQ ribs.The branzino is amazing. They serve it whole, seemingly pan-friend, over a bed of succotash. I could seriously eat this everyday. It's a huge portion, so be prepared to share. The fish is always cooked so perfectly, and it just falls right off. Perfection!The soft-shell crab sandwich was not only perfectly cooked, but you could tell that the crab was fresh. A pet-peeve of Russell and me is when you're served soft-shell crab that has been frozen and it's just full of water from defrosting. But not here! The crab here is so tasty, served on a huge, delicious sandwich. You must try this!And lastly, the BBQ ribs...I'll be honest, at first, I was a bit skeptical. The menu here seems a little bit too fancy for BBQ, but these are always cooked perfectly and topped with lots of sauce. Also, I've noticed a trend in many BBQ restaurants where the food is not very hot, but these ribs were steaming and the meat comes right off the bone. It's served with a side of coleslaw (that has tomatoes in it, I think? Different, but so refreshing and good). Again, you have to try this...in fact, you'll want two orders, trust me!Sorry for all of the exclamation points in this review, but I'm really excited to have Ltauha in the 'hood. Not only is the food awesome, but the service and atmosphere are even better.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,7/31/2014,127,319,10,20,13>I am IMPRESSED! I think this has to be the best-tasting Italian bakery in the Queens area. 1) Tirimisu: This is my favorite item in this bakery. Warning: Do not let your children near this piece because they really do not cheap out on the rum. 2) Fruit Tart: I was amazed on how fresh these fruits were. Usually, blackberries and raspberry can be very sour, but surprisingly all the fruits were sweet.3) Italian Cheesecake: Very light and not too sweet. Is it just me or is there a lemony flavor to it? It's good though.4) Carrot Cake: This had to be my least favorite out of the crowd. But yet again, I'm not a huge fan of coconut flakes. Why did I drop a star?There was one thing that really annoyed me about the layout of the store. They put numbers on each pastry but they don't tell you what they are. The staff was more than willing to tell me which item were which, but I personally like to look through it on my own. I even found myself irritating after asking, "What cake is that?, what kind of nuts are in those?, does the green color stand for pistachio or mint flavor?"FYI: -$10 minimum for credit card purchase-items with just a number to them are weighed by the pound
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/30/2014,41,185,7,7,5>If you are a fan of the original Astoria Bier and Cheese (I don't know anyone who isn't), the new location is full of the same greatness.  They have done a good job bringing the same look and feel of the Broadway location over to Ditmars.  The decor is modern and new but has a very homey feel.  Even though it looks the same, it's twice the size (or at least it feels that way).  Of course, like their other location there are plenty of great beers on tap, a large selection of bottled beers and huge selection of cheeses and meats.  If you are a fan of all of those things, you will feel like a kid in a candy shop (I did).  One little tiny complaint (that's not really a complaint) - I wish the beer prices listed were the actual prices.  For instance, a beer on tap is priced at $5 but that doesn't include tax.  So it's like $5.32, I get change and then need to get another dollar for tip (because I am not leaving 68 cents as a tip)....feels like I spent $7.  Also, some people don't like how bright it is in their since the lights are not dimmed at all.  I like it though because it prevents people from coming in who are looking to get drunk in a dark dive bar.  There are plenty of places to do that in Astoria...let's keep the right vibe at Astoria Bier and Cheese.  I took a peek in the back yard, which is unfinished.  Someone working there told me it will be ready by summer and it looks much bigger than the broadway location!  This worker also said they are setting up a garden so that the food in the menu will incorporate the food they grow.  Pretty awesome!  Congrats on the new location Astoria Bier and Cheese!!!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/29/2014,39,146,5,5,5>My boyfriend decided to pop the question last month (and no I had no idea....thought he bought me a heater cause it was very cold that day), surprising me with a super cute unique white gold flower engagement that just screamed "Cindy"! The ring was awesome, from the detailed petals to the beautiful rubies in the middle. He said he had tried a bunch of other places but all their rings were too traditional or old fashioned. He wanted something a bit more special and one of a kind. AJ's truly delivered. Of course as he tried to slide it over my finger it was obvious I had eitherA: Ate too many Oreos the night beforeB: the sizing was offso we made our way down to AJs after the spur of the moment proposal to get the thing to fit. The place was pretty busy but the man ( I think the owner?) knew my fiance's face and asked us about the ring. I told them the size was off and they quickly offered to adjust it. It took about 20 minutes and boom...done!I am definitely happy he picked this place. The design on the ring was super unique and I know there is no where else he could have gotten such a cool looking piece of jewelry. Thank you Aj's!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,7/28/2014,227,484,5,10,7>This is a long overdue review. (circa summer of 2012)I was referred to this boutique by my friend who also purchased her wedding dress here.  I'd always noticed this store when driving down Northern.  It stands out as it's well kept with an ever changing display in the window.I had my heart set on a certain dress but when I tried it on at RK Bridal - it was in a dress size 10x bigger than what I am.  My conundrum: order the dress in my size and pray it fits and flares where I wanted it to or find a similar style dress.  I made an appointment and showed Jenny some pictures of the style I was looking for and she helped me find a very similar dress to the one I wanted.  The dress was 99% similar to the one I wanted but this one was only 1 dress size away from my size.  The BONUS - it was also a lot less than the original dress I wanted!So here's a tip for you ladies:  If you're not a double digit size and you don't trust the sales person at the other Bridal shops in the NYC area - Call to make an appointment and try on dresses in your size!  Yes it's that easy.  It's by Appointment only!The store is kept in immaculate organized order and brightly lite with a huge fitting section (one bride to be at a time!).  She gets in new styles and they put in a lot of effort in the window displays and table settings.  After purchasing my dress, I had numerous fittings.  That's what I get for picking a lace dress.  The weeks that led up to my wedding were filled with dress fittings.  Jenny and her seamstress were always quick to get me and in and out of them.  After the big day, I even returned my dress for it to be cleaned & packaged.  I was so happy with the level of service and attention, I recommended this boutique to my sister in law.  She too also found a dress there and it was a beautiful dress when I got to see it recently on the wedding day!+ No fees or way in advance appointments to try on dresses++ Sizes for petite ladies!+++ Specialized attention per bride, small one on one appointments++++ They offer other services such as make-up, just inquire.+++++ Accessories are available such as head pieces, sashes, veils, and shoes too!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,7/27/2014,36,69,8,8,6>Yay- the pizza is as amazingly, delectabley delicious as the Brooklyn location, no more jacking all the way to DUMBO!  I especially love the way it's perfectly cooked, the cheese is always juusst melted but still a touch uncooked.  Perfection.  Ample parking, thank god, bc it's in Douglaston, one of the least accessible parts of Queens via public transit. Great place for a date night, hubby and I come here alone or with other couples and we always have a blast, nice atmosphere, home-y, red-checked tableclothe vibe without any hokiness.   (Their large pizza is enough for two adults with normal appetites...a pie three or more ways I'll never understand!) And you can't go wrong with a carafe of wine.Nay- I don't recommend take out...due to the paper they wrap the pizza in, it's cold within 5 minutes.  Also, the man at the delivery counter is one of the meanest, nastiest people I've ever encountered.  I thought "what a dick!" the first time and figured he was having a bad day...the second and last time I did take-out I almost threw the pizza at him and told him to keep it (if I wasn't such a pizza pig I would have..).Not going to bother commenting on the cash-only thing.  It's well-known that they're cash only...ummm how about not complaining about it and bringing some cash?  Lol that's just me, I don't have patience for adults that don't carry some cash with them at all times (I'm not talking a ton, but a pie at Grimaldi's isn't expensive...).  Don't complain about exorbitant ATM fees if you're not together enough to have a twenty in your wallet.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,7/26/2014,41,186,5,8,5>I cam here with my hubster last night. First we ordered the Baratta which was an arugula salad with a mozarella ball filled with ricotta. The arugula with nicely seasoned with a clear dressing. The cheese was a pocket full of heaven. It was so delicious. We also had the lamb with ribbon noodles and I had the seafood over pasta. OMG everything was so delicious. The lamb was tender and the pasta was perfectly cooked. The sauce was just the perfect amount and everything was well presented on the plate. The only grip my husband had was that the bones were still in the lamb, but that's because the meat tastes better with the bone in. Other than that, we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. I woke up this morning craving for more!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,7/25/2014,230,472,5,11,8>Houdini just opened in the Decatur Studios building on the southern end of Ridgewood, formerly a brewery structure. Entry is via the yard gate in the rear of the building.The space is high ceilinged and has the feel of being inside a very large, old kitchen. A smattering of regular-sized and long tables sit within glow of an enormous masonry oven.The menu consists of six traditional pizza options: bianca, rossa, margherita, marinara, sausage, and pancetta, as well as couple salads and desserts as well as coffee.The crust is perfectly baked, salty, and with a nice char flavor, along with a tangy sauce and the milkiest fresh mozzarella. A bottle of olive oil is on the table for your drizzling pleasure. Finest pies in the neighborhood, no contest, as much as I love our classic New York slice joints.The service was friendly, if a little spacey.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/24/2014,56,148,9,8,9>Queens Comfort is fun and delicious!First, the host is hilarious.  He made waiting an hour (and you will wait) fun.  He has a knack for working the crowd.  Also, the decor of the restaurant is cool and retro.  The only drawback is it's dark and there is on outside space.  I went on a beautiful day and wanted some light.  Second, the food is ridiculous.  They definitely earn the name of "comfort."  The food is cheesy, buttery and meaty.  We went for brunch, and were pleased with all of our dishes.  I had the burrito, my boyfriend had the BBQ breakfast sandwich and my friend had the South by Southwest.  To start, we all split the Disco Tots which i HIGHLY recommend.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,7/23/2014,206,245,15,16,13>I live like 1 minute from this salon, no joke. I stumbled upon it one day when I desperately needed a wax but couldn't go down to my usual place (Soho!).Luckily, I think the owner (her name is Esther), was there on a Tuesday. I think she's usually there on most Tuesdays. I didn't even make an appointment and she took care of me right away. She gave me her phone number and told me to text her whenever I needed to make an appointment to get waxed because it'd be easier for her...which is also very convenient for me. So win-win!The waxes are painful...especially the Brazilian. But now that she knows the direction in which my hair grows, it isn't even that painful. She uses sensitive wax which I didn't think would make a difference but she uses her magic. It's like the least painful wax job ever.Now, I found an even closer place to get my wax on!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,4/20/2012,83,220,9,10,6>the decor of the restaurant is sick, it'll keep you distracted during the whole dining. chef built it, chef will cook plates of heaven for you and chef will come over to your table to chit chat and thank you. chef and mombar easily convinced us that we were going to get a dope feast on and they didn't disappoint.The complimentary Egyptian bread (puff pastry) with the dipping sauce  was bangin' and that was a complimentary starter...despite my man's constant refusal to let me finish the whole plate.....i desperately tried too....it was so good i didn't care that i might get full...which i semi did but moving fwd:artichoke hearts  and the Mediterranean tasting plate with hummus, baba ganosh and fava was devoured in seconds ok maybe more like minutes....they threw n some apple slices, never knew that balance works like magicspecial of the night...ding ding...LAMB SHANK.....i would dance in contentedness but i am still  stufffffffffffffffed.we smirked all the way home.now all i can think of is more Egyptian food and funky art....
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2012,4/19/2012,427,354,6,10,9>I came here with my Big bro-ski on a random Thursday. He was leaving for DR in a few hours and wanted to spend a little time with me before he ran off on his vacation.  He was looking for something local and cheap since he'd be paying for it all, and he recalled this spot.There it was, with a few folks hanging outside smoking their cigs. We walked in. Showed ID of course and I glanced around at the spot. Not packed at all and it was after 1 o clock at this point. The DJ was in the corner going IN and two drunk women and one large drunk man were on the dance floor getting it in.The bar tenders are adorable and very friendly. Super attentive and definitely work for those tips. If you don't want another drink..they will bat their pretty little eye lashes at you until you ask for yet another Tequila Slammer or XTC or Cum Shot(or some other silly name they have for the drinks/shots). It's all good though. The prices here are amazing and on a better night maybe the crowd is better.This is def a spot I would stop in to on my way to another spot. 20$ can go a long long way here. I was niceeee off my 4 shots, 1 drink, and two cups of vodka whipped cream. Didn't cost all that much. And even though I asked for the vanilla whipped the beautiful bt suggested chocolate. "It tastes like chocolate pudding!" She wasn't lying.People were falling down drunk. Playing the games in the back. And watching all the other clows dance around awkwardly. It was fun. My brother and I just took it all in and laughed at all the folks around us and vibed to the music. There are televisions and they actually allow you to watch things other than sports, so that's kind of cool.All in all, I'd return here on another night just to see once again if the crowd gets better. Maybe when school is back in session the youngings will be here having a good time. I'd come here and get nice and slizzed before I head to the next venue. (Drunk enough and with friends I'd probably LOVE this place.)**My brother said a few years ago the head of security here was a true gem of a guy and always looked out for him and his friends when they'd come through. Unfortunately, he passed away. But they have a picture of him hanging up by the bar. He seemed like a really nice dude from what I heard.** All the employees here were friendly and attentive. Clearly, hospitality is something they stress at this spot. Makes for a very comfortable drinking session despite the sus crowd.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,4/18/2012,80,212,16,13,13>I didn't have the live octopus at Sik Gaek.The so-called foodies probably already stopped reading this review -- isn't the prospect of eating writhing tentacles the whole point of Sik Gaek? To a non-Korean, perhaps. And I am not Korean. But when a Korean co-worker invited me to join him and a few of his Korean friends there, I knew something more than food thrill-seeking was afoot. I agreed immediately.Sik Gaek is something of a Korean version of what the Japanese call an izakaya -- a drinking den that also serves food tailored for the inebriated. This does not mean that the food is an afterthought. Far from it. These are Asians we're talking about, after all: eating is never going to take a total backseat.We started with complimentary eggs fried overeasy right in front of us, a curiously compelling egg custard dish, and the classic ddeokbokki (thick rice noodles in a spicy gochujang sauce). An odd set of palate cleansers, but when the makgeolli (fermented rice wine) started to flow, it somehow all made sense. The lightly alcoholic drink, served from an amusingly downscale plastic bottle into shallow silver bowls, was a refreshing mist over the proceedings.Then, our main food event: a cauldron full of the sea's bounty, bubbling on the table's built-in burner. Here were mussels, multiple kinds of clams, abalone, rings of squid, shrimp, and who knows what else. In lieu of octopus (not present because monsoons in Korea had interfered with export), a live lobster was vivisected and deposited on top. Thin slices of raw rib-eye were quickly cooking as well. Udon noodles, cabbage, and my favorite kind of mushrooms, enoki, rounded out the toppings. All was partly immersed in a gochujang-based broth: spicy, deeply flavored, and only growing more so as the seafood released their juices into the soup. The servers gave us floor buckets to toss shells into -- now that's the kind of utilitarian addition I'd like to see at Le Bernardin.Other reviews have complained that the disparate elements get cooked to different levels of doneness. The solution is obvious: eat each element before it gets rubbery. This means starting with, say, the squid, then moving on to the clams, etc. It's really quite simple in theory, but the cauldron is so huge that it would take at least five normal people to do it appropriately. In point of fact, when the stew first came, only three of us were seated, but three Asian males counts as AT LEAST five normal eaters, so.But three more convives arrived at this stage, diving into what we hadn't already razed. This also triggered an alcoholic escalation: a bottle of the soju appeared. Someone asked for an empty kettle and, incongruously, a glass of Sprite. He then combined aliquots of the makgeolli, soju, and Sprite into the kettle, mixed it all up, and poured out a dangerously smooth, addictive low-rent cocktail. Now THIS was more like the Koreans I'd known and loved. All this was happening in a little booth under dim lighting, a call button embedded into a corner of the table so that we could keep the makgeolli rolling in. I'd be hard-pressed to come up with more conducive environs for steady inebriation mixed with solid food.Time passed. The mound of seafood eventually dwindled, the broth quietly reducing into more of a sauce. We were more than two hours into the meal, but a kicker still awaited. Another press of the button, and a server appeared with a huge bowl of seaweed-topped white rice. (I love sushi rice, but does anyone make consistently better straight-up white rice than the Koreans?) The server threw it in the pan, mixed it thoroughly, and left us to it. I almost reached for the ladle, but the lone girl among us said, "You think it's ready. But it's not." If a lifetime of eating has taught me anything, it's that whenever an Asian woman tells you to lay off a rice dish, you lay the fuck off the rice dish. A few minutes passed while I learned more from my reveling convives about the vagaries of Korean club life and early 90s K-pop, which was continually playing on the restaurant's sound system. The aroma of the seafood/gochujang fried rice, crisping on the edges like in a dolsot bibimbap, was driving me insane. When it finally came time to dig in, it did not disappoint: only a sense of decorum and the fact that I'd already crammed down several pounds of seafood prevented me from inhaling more of the stuff.It is not every day that you get to experience something like this, a glimpse into neither the highbrow nor lowbrow of an ethnicity's food, but into its youth culture, the social bonding aspects of its eating. I felt a little out of place, but not unpleasantly so; mostly, I felt privileged to be there. That the diners of NYC continue to support venues like Sik Gaek which encourage this... Who can be down on that?Probability of return within 1 year: I sort of need to get invited again by a bunch of Koreans; 100% if I am
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,4/17/2012,170,240,4,5,5>I'm definitely a loyal customer for life and I'll give you two reasons, ELAINE & WILLIAM, they're both amazing stylists. Ok, long story short, Elaine & William came from another Salon also located in Elmhurst called Joy's Hair & Nail Salon.  There was just something about them that kept us (us, meaning my mother, sisters and myself) going back to them and when we found out they were moving, well we followed them, obviously.Elaine & William have been my hair stylist since I was 14/15 and obviously my sisters were younger then and we just haven't gone to anyone else. I've actually cheated on them a few times and it was a fail every time and I always ended up going back to Elaine & William because they just know how to work my hair, is it an Asian thing? Maybe? They're just that good at what they do and they're always honest. Just yesterday I got my trim and color with them and I couldn't be any happier with the results, Elaine has done it again (William was out for the day). If you're wondering how it came out, it's actually my default picture at the moment.Oh, before I forget, their prices are cheap too, we're definitely customers for life here, Elaine & William know it too ;)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2011,4/16/2012,56,100,8,5,4>Jollibee, I've heard so much about you. I've various Filipinos in my life and have taken on being an honorary Filipina. One of my lifelong best friends is Filipino and she's told me all about you, your deliciousness, and the awesome chicken, made out of cellulite that you mass-produce. I came on Yelp and people tell me you're an expensive date and can be cramped. Let me start off by saying, there is a constant stream of people coming in and out of Jollibee's and the seating is first come, first served Asian style. By Asian style, I mean hovering over people who are not quite done but almost done and then dashing into the seat once they're out and reserving all other ones for you and your friends. Lucky, I'm super Asian in that sense! If you're too slow, well...tough noogies. Have fun standing and eating your chicken joy. When people meant small, they meant small. This place is crowded, tiny, and my butt was knocking over things on other people's tables. With the combination of a loaded(read:heavy) tray and a protruding backside like I have, it's an obstacle course from hell. I was coming back from the line with my tray and nudged an empty chair to the side that held some lady's Louie Vuitton bag and she glared at me. *Shrugs* WELPPPP, shouldn't have your empty chair in the middle of an aisle, lady.  I HADDDD to have the fried chicken and because I heard about the small portions, I ordered a three piece spicy chicken meal with rice and it was prettyyy good. Portions are not small but they're not American sized either. Is it expensive? It's ok. I mean, a combo meal at MickeyD's is kinda expensive these days too, don't you think? So would you rather have some burger that's been floating in warm water or some Jollibee's chicken? I vote Jollibee. The tables are cramped and small, I legit felt like I was eating with everything on my lap. One wrong move and it could send your companion's halo halo flying. I wish I could go back and try everything on the menu. I got the famous peach/mango pie and it was pretty good. Deep fried goodness. McD's apple pie doesn't have shit on this tropical flavored beauty. I'm probably going to catch a heart attack after eating all that processed/fried food yesterday but I'll die happy today knowing that I had Jollibee's for the first time since hearing so much about it.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,4/15/2012,118,347,3,6,4>After having run 26.2 miles this past November 6th, 2011, I wanted nothing more but to get my name engraved on the shiny new medal I had been awarded. My first attempt was to go to the post-marathon expo of sorts where they were engraving medals onsite. Perfect, right? Well if you consider lining up for over 2 hours just to get INTO the tents to then have it engraved perfect, then yes, yes it was. I, however, do not find that fun and as such walked away all sad and engraved medal-less. Enter Things Remembered.For the same price that the marathon folks where charging ($19.99) I was able to get my medal engraved with up to 5 words. My name and finishing time only used up three, and while I thought about adding something else, I opted to go simple. Once you arrive, you fill out some paperwork, choose a font style (about 5 to pick from), leave your goods and head off for a stroll around the mall while they get to work. One hour later my medal was returned to me boldly emblazoned with my name and finishing time! I'm not entirely sure what dictates the length of time to get things engraved here. When I called and asked how long, I was told 30 minutes. When I walked into the store and showed them the medal they said 1 hour. The women ahead of me got a frame done and was told 30 minutes. I'm not sure if it's a busy or not thing, or if the type of material is factored in. My only gripe would be that I wish the font size was a tad bigger. There's a lot of room on the available space on the medal, so it would have been nice to fill that up, but otherwise it looked fantastic.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,4/14/2012,71,186,5,7,6>Oh boy, were we in for a treat or what!? Since our first trip to NOLA last year, we've been dying for the flavors up here. Sugar Freak freakishly reminded us the good food that we had down there.The gumbo was simply full of bursting flavors, and most importantly, it was not mushy. There was a bite to it. The vegetarian muffuletta was simply, "I can't believe it's not meat!" I had a quarter of the muffuletta at Central Grocery in NOLA, while that was sensational, this vegetarian variant was even better: it tasted so lush without the guilt. And yes, there was the drippy olive oil, something that you have to experience eating a muffuletta.Dessert must-have: Popcorn pudding with salted caramel (dump cake). What the heck is that? I want to slather it all over my fat belly right now.All the servers were super friendly and sweet. For once, I ain't bitching!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,4/13/2012,357,324,21,17,17>You know what the most fun food name in the world is to say in the company of others? Cumquat.You know what the second most fun one is?Momo.And $5 will get you 8 of these badboys, along with a hot sauce that's mildly nefarious; enough so that one person eating at the cart began coughing for so long, and so violently, that I wasn't sure if he was going to pass out, throw up or die. Fortunately, he did none of these, though while in his weakened state a hobo came up to him and accosted him for change. I love Jackson Heights.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,4/11/2012,74,90,2,4,3>A family owned restaurant that just opened up in Corona. The owner was also our waiter. He was very welcoming and brought us chips with different dips to start. We had a groupon--a three course dinner for two.Started with the Guacamole (yelp.com/biz_photos/NHqa)- the guacamole was fresh and made to order. For our entrees:Chipotle Shrimp (yelp.com/biz_photos/NHqa)- packed a lot of heat!Churascco Aztec (yelp.com/biz_photos/NHqa)- the sizzling steak was really good, I thought the mushrooms were a bit too salty for my taste but my date really liked it.Desserts:They ran out of fried ice cream so we opted for the homemade key lime pie (yelp.com/biz_photos/NHqa)- it was good, the key lime was on point and the crust was buttery.I think the whole family was there and they were all pitching in to help out around the restaurant which I thought was adorable. Welcome to the neighborhood, I'll be back!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,4/10/2012,91,418,,8,5>I was really skeptical about this place. I mean, its located in a small strip mall type of complex and the decor looks like a cheap wannabe Chinese restaurant. Plus, the clientele on a Thursday evening was missing any traces of Japanese, which usually signifies a bad sushi place.However, we still sat down (no wait, plenty of empty tables). They saw that we had a stroller and made arrangements so that we had somewhere to sit where we could park it.One thing I immediately noticed was the all Japanese wait staff.  This gave me some hope that it would be an authentic and good  experience.  We were not disappointed.We ordered the Sashimi Regular, the Marilyn Mon-Roll (as per all Yelp suggestions), Yellowstone Roll and Spicy TunaRoll. The sashimi was incredibly fresh and didn't taste refrigerated. The wasabi was freshly grated, not from a tube. The rolls were spot on and absolutely delicious.  Everything was fresh, fresh, FRESH... which is the biggest thing when eating raw/Japanese.The waitstaff was incredibly attentive and friendly; in fact, one of the waitresses kept coming over to play with my 2 month old son.This is definitely going on our list of approved places to eat!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/25/2013,50,17,17,32,21>First, let me just get this off my chest... I PASSED MY ROAD TEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Now let's get down to the actual review. Everything about this school is high-quality and professional. The receptionists are always friendly and give you a reminder call about 1-2 days before your driving lessons so that you don't forget. If you knew me, you'd know how bad I am at remembering appointments so that was huge plus for me. I purchased the package that included the 5-hour pre-licensing course, five 45 minute driving lessons, and use of the car for the road test. Most places that offer the 5 hour class just pop in a boring, outdated video, and proceed to torture students with it. This was thankfully not the case at Learn-Rite. The class was so informative and fun. They showed YouTube clips and it was way more interactive than I expected. They even had us try walking in straight lines with beer googles! Let me tell you, it is not an easy task.. haha.For the driving lessons, my main instructor was Wendy. She is an outstanding teacher who really knows how to guide her students to success. She not only gives you great tips to pass the road test, but also pinpoints all of your weaknesses and finds ways to work around them. Another thing I liked was that the car I used for the lessons & test was in much better condition compared to the other driving school cars I've seen.Also, I wasn't aware of this during my lessons (I guess I didn't really need to?) but they also record the lessons via camera on the inside and outside of the car, as an option to see how your lessons are going. I personally hate the idea of being videotaped but I suppose it helps to see things from a different perspective.They offer the option of coming to pick you up at your house for the lessons, however, just a little warning - if you live far from the school, it may take them awhile getting to you, thus cutitng into your lesson time. My personal recommendation would be to make your lessons back-to-back or double lessons so that you maximize your learning time.If you truly want to pass your road test on the first try-not that anyone actually enjoys taking it more than once-then take my word for it and go to this driving school. On the day of my road test, there were 3 Learn-Rite cars there, with about 2-3 students per car. Everyone in my car passed with flying colors, as well as the other students.I would have had a near-perfect score if I hadn't forgotten to put my left turn signal on when making my U-turn. Total face-palm moment. However, 5 pts off is nothing short of a miracle, considering I failed my test with 60 pts 3 years ago. After we all passed, Wendy took a group picture of us and sent me a copy of it in the mail. If I didn't look like such a bum, I would totally frame it *sigh*HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Final Verdict: 5 stars *****
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,7/24/2013,115,200,8,8,7>This is my dumpling spot. Its not the best but its so close to me that I always end up here. Its a tiny storefront with two tables and some counter seats that face the window which is fine because you can sometimes catch the hot firemen walking around near the firehouse down the block.its a necessity for me to have my fresh soy milk in the morning. whether it be hot or cold I usually ask them to add a little sugar. I never really have problems communicating with the staff. there is usually a person there that understands me. its an offshoot of a dumpling place in chinatown and I would have to say that it is one of the cleanest dumpling places I have ever been to and of course like all dumpling places very cheap. Pay by dolla dolla bill ya'll.There is hardly a wait for me to get my items. i guess because it is not in the main part of flushing but they satisfy my dumpling needs just fine. I usually get the pan fried pork and leek dumplings (wor teep) and douse that vinegary soy sauce all over it. And of course speckle it with sriracha. they are not the biggest but i like the firm skin and juicyness inside. They also have a small noodle soup that comes with two slices of beef. if you get the dumplings in soup it is separate. There is no dumpling noodle soup. They have something that looks like pan fried pork buns which remind me of tiny baos, doughier like bread on the outside with a nugget of meat inside. Feel free to add soy sauce to this too. Everytime i bite into one i feel like i am eating little kirbys and into the belly of the beast they go.one of my favorite items here is the hot and sour soup. I like it because they also serve fresh dofu fa (the warm kind) which is tofu soy pudding. You can get a half and half of the hot and sour soup mixed with tofu pudding. if hot and sour soup is too intense for you this is the way to go. The extra tofu pieces balance out the spicyness.they also have scallion pancake goodies and tea egg. I have come here close to closing time and they have made a fresh batch of dumplings for me. Dont forget your utensils and napkins and to add sauce to your dumplings when you do take out. Avoid sticking holes in your bag and into your side (ouchie) by placing your forks spears up or wrapping it yourself.They also sell bags of dumplings you can bring home to make yourself. Come here if you are craving dumplings to grab a cheap meal in the quieter part of flushing.yelp 100 challenge: review #6
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/23/2013,70,91,4,6,4>I will preface this review with  I've been on a bit of a lobster kick which i think has finally been kicked to the curb.I came here this past Sunday because I got wind they were serving 4lb lobsters. Surely your girl can eat  but this guy had to be split.We started the dinner with chopped salad.. wasn't so chopped but still a decent house saladWe shared a stuffed artichoke which was abs phenomenal, for sure the best Ive ever had!!We also shared fried eggplant-I was determined to have breadcrumbs on everything i ate.-Pretty good not the best thoughFor dinner I shared a 4lb broiled lobster oreganata, holy mother of huge crustacean. This thing was colossal. There was plenty of lobster meat but they got a little broil happy as the leg meat was all shriveled up/non-existant.For dessert I had the peach sorbet which was delish!!The environment here is your typical Italian restaurant where the waiters aren't the cheerist and lay on the Italian accent thick. The tables are a little close together but ayyyy I guess thats "family style."
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/22/2013,73,148,8,10,6>I used to LOVE this place, but then it was discovered. Now, there are signs everywhere to indicate the rules -- keep it clean and keep it PG. The fact that they need to make this clear is a sign of the change from its less populated days. It's a spa,not a make out destination.That aside...The facilities are great -- the heated outdoor pools, the saunas, quiet areas and buffet bar where you can get a healthy lunch -- make it worth the trip. Some tips:So many people have written about the particulars that I will skip on those, but will say that it's better to have a real meal before or after your trip as prices can get steep if you do more than use their facilities.Avoid the weekends if you can, and definitely avoid school holidays when the joint will be packed with screaming children and their parents who want to pretend they don't know them. Hit this place up during the week and dine in Flushing for the best experience.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/21/2013,108,429,6,12,8>I've never been a fan of sushi buffet places that are not made to order, so I was quite skeptical about all the good reviews on Yelp. But, this place exceeded my expectations in terms of the quality and variety of sushi.Raw Foods: They offer small plates of sashimi, sushi pieces, and rolls. The fish was fresh and they even had Ikura, but no Uni. (update: came back again and they had uni!) I really liked the seasoned tuna sashimi plate. You can smell the hint of sesame oil they put in it. I've noticed that tuna is not as tasty in NY, but they did a good job with it. It's (ALMOST) similar to ahi poke in Hawaii, but not quite there yet. I also really liked that they seasoned their raw oysters! I've never been to a buffet that actually puts sauce and a small piece of lemon on their oysters (most places jsut shuck the oysters and leave it out as is). The beef tataki was yummy too.Hot Foods:  I usually don't eat the hot foods, so I can't really say it's good or not, but I did see a decent amount of variety. They had king crab legs, tempura, salmon teriyaki, yakitori, takoyaki, crab cakes, some dim sum items, kani salad, seaweed salad, scallop salad, short ribs, stuffed shrimp, etc.Desserts: They have your usual cakes and soft served vanilla or green tea ice cream. The green tea ice cream is a bit on the sweet side, but I really enjoyed it! What stands out is that they have a small custom made crepe area. You tell the lady what kinda fruits you want in the crepe and she'll make it for you!Service was excellent. Staff was friendly and had smiles on their faces. The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious. Some of the tables in the middle are close to each other and you're probably not going to be able to fit in there if there's a morbidly obese individual on the next table. Other than that, the food was good and displayed in a very organized way. I wish I knew about this place earlier!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,7/20/2013,38,105,6,9,7>I was hesitant to write a review for the Turkish Cultural Center (TCC) of Queens, especially in promoting their limited space Turkish cooking class.  But in keeping with Turkish hospitality, I decided to be generous with my experience.  To spread Turkish culture the center offers a variety of programs to the community.  Anyone is welcome the last week of Ramadan to a three course meal provided by center volunteers in a public park in Sunnyside.  Although not well executed, center volunteers put on a traditional shadow puppet show in the Sunnyside public library.  In a public library in Astoria, the center hosted a Sufi musician.  I would have enjoyed the performance a lot more if the little kids in attendance were not yapping and running down the aisle like screaming banshees.   But oh well, that's what happens when the center promotes the event by offering free gifts to kids.  (Where's my gift for sitting silent and actually listening?!  We did get baklava and apple juice at the end, so it's all good). I have yet to attend, but the center also hosts a Turkish movie night once a week, I think with subtitles.   Also they hold talks, cross cultural dinners and fund raising lunches.    My favorite event put on by the TCC has been a once a month Turkish cooking class.  The center located on the second floor of a building is small and space is limited.  For $25 attendees got to watch a cook affiliated with the center (not a professional chef)  prepare and cook a three course meal.  Personal preparation of the food by attendees is not possible due to limited space.  The cook provided instructions and helpful tips along with a handout of the recipes.  I would have liked had she consistently woven anecdotes about Turkish culture while making the food but she seemed anxious fielding questions while providing instructions.  And she was a bit disorganized when it came to her prep work.  But she made up for it with her humor- I laughed out loud a few times and she was friendly.  While the food was being prepared we were free to help ourselves to Turkish delight and pastries, along with unlimited refills of Turkish tea served on lovely glassware by the courteous center volunteers. At the end of the session we all got to partake of the food (that's just a fancy way of saying we stuffed our faces while, hopefully, no one else notices cause they're also stuffing their faces too.  How meta!).  I've only attended one cooking class and was pleased with the dishes.  The appetizer was a carrot yogurt salad that contained nuts and pickles, the main course a yogurt eggplant meat dish and the dessert, mini pastries sitting in simple syrup.   If getting to Queens is difficult, the TCC can been found in other boroughs and in the surrounding tri-state area.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,7/19/2013,43,161,5,7,9>I cannot, cannot stress, how much I love this theater. Is is the old school feel that permeates throughout it? Yes. Is it the homemade treats you can buy out front? Yes. Is it the wonderful showcase of films that they display? Absolutely.Upon moving to Astoria, I began the search to find an inexpensive theater that was off the beaten path and find it I did. Kew Gardens Cinema has become a destination for myself and my significant other, when the trains cooperate, for many movies that have recently come out. When theaters are pushing for bigger screens and more seating, it is nice to sit in a quaint old school theater and watch a lesser known movie. I love this movie theater and I wish there were more around like it!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/18/2013,132,469,10,9,11>Please don't come here on a diet.  Straight up fried foods that are tasty like WHAT.  Order at the counter and then take a seat, your food will be arriving shortly.I was quite surprised to see a bunch of men (very handsome) behind the counter.  I was thinking it would be nice abuelitas types but hey it really just made my day seeing all these macho men behind the stove aka fryers.  It helps if you speak Spanish, I received some nice compliments (flirting haha) after ordering.  Yelp did not fail me.  An order of tostones, yuca, mofongo con chicharron and baked chicken.  Carb overload but totally worth it.  My body can only handle so much mofongo (1x/year I say) but here it was very tasty with the pickled onions.  The chicharron of course was very rich.  I just wished they added a bit more.  There was enough food for me to take to lunch for myself and the hubs.Come try if you are in the neighborhood and want some no frills Dominican food.  I told my colleagues, many who grew up in Corona about this place and they went on and on about how legendary it is.  La Cabana lived up to it's reviews!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/17/2013,44,100,4,13,9>I'd recommend this restaurant for those who aren't shy about the generous application of cumin and chili, the numbing sensation of Szechuan peppercorns, and heaps of raw cilantro. The food here is a far cry from the things labeled "Hunan" in your standard Americanized Chinese restaurant, and I could think of no better place to educate yourself on the cuisine of the region.Compared to other restaurants in Flushing, the staff speaks English and can provide direction with the menu--this is especially helpful since some translated text is not completely accurate. Example: There is a section titled, "Chinese Dishes" which turns out, ironically, to not be Chinese dishes in the "authentic" sense (they are, instead, the dishes found in your standard Chinese-American takeout place). Most dishes can also be made without meat by request (such as the mapo tofu and eggplant casserole), so speak up if you're a vegetarian.Below are some of my top picks from the restaurant:* Pickled Cabbage, Hunan Style - Essentially a Chinese version of cole slaw; simple, crisp, and dressed lightly in rice vinegar and fresh chopped chili. The rest of your meal will likely be so packed with flavor and heat that this serves as a nice accompaniment to cut the heaviness.* Pumpkin Cakes - These fried, panko-crusted morsels remind me very much of Japanese-style croquettes, but made from mashed, slightly sweet pumpkin rather than potato. Very filling.* Fish Filet w/ Hot Chili Pepper - For diners eating alone, this dish offers a little bit of everything for a balanced meal: tender, boneless fish coated in a thick sauce of cumin, Szechuan peppercorns, and chili, served over stalks of steamed baby bok choy.* Hunan Spiced Crab - These medium-sized crabs are stir-fried in a dry sauce of sliced green chili and that irresistible combination of cumin and Szechuan peppercorns (if the formula's not broke, don't fix it?). No worries about picking out scraps of meat if you struggle with eating crab; the shells are fried so thoroughly that you could eat them like chips.* Eggplant & Minced Pork in Casserole - Eggplants are lightly battered and fried before being tossed in a slightly sweet, slightly sour, and abundantly garlic-y sauce. The casserole comes intensely hot off the fire, with the sauce still bubbling as it arrives at the table.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/16/2013,38,34,8,7,6>Having studied abroad in Prague a few years back, I was really excited to czech out this place. Great service and super friendly staff/bar patrons (not kidding you, the night included old songs from the Bohemia drunkenly sung in unison). My fellow yelpers have already mentioned Roman and the funny bar antics, so let me tell you about THE FOOD. Ah, yes you can get kielbasa at Bohemian Hall down the block a little ways, sure you can swim in sauerkraut at other locations, BUT the kielbasa with fried cheese that they serve here is leaps beyond what other establishments are offering. The pierogies were scrumptious. We were maybe one beer away from unabashedly licking the plates clean. I'll definitely be coming back here!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/30/2014,28,134,7,10,6>Empanadas Heaven, I mean Cafe is a little Corona hole in the wall, solely dedicated to delivering the best empanadas in NYC to its customers.  They offer three different shells: Corn ($1.50), White ($1.75) and Organic ($2.00). Each shell has its respective fillings.  In total there are about 25 different types that they offer. All of the shells are distinct, with white being my favorite.  Ask for extra green sauce and put it on everything.  It's realllllly good!My favorites include: 1. Ground Beef and cheese (Corn)2. Shredded Chicken (Corn)3. Ground Beef (White)4. Chorizo and Potato (Organic) 5. Sweet Plantain and Cheese (White): This was a savory one, so i recommend having it towards the end of the meal 6. Nutella and Banana (White): Another savory and quite possibly my favorite. A great meal cap or a great savory snack! I would definitely go out of my way to come back here!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/29/2014,54,130,2,6,6>This place is another total gem in Astoria. They've got beer on draft, an amazing and interesting selection (somethin' for everyone), and if they don't have what you're in the mood for you can choose something from their extensive fridge and for an extra 2$ crack it open and drink it there. There is absolutely no excuse for not finding something you like, and the prices are super reasonable (Woot Queens!) I've even gone in not wanting a beer and had an elderflower water drink instead, which was delicious.As for food - their grilled cheese rivals Queens Kickshaw a few blocks away (sorry, no longer the only grilled cheese game in town), and their soft pretzel with mustard and bier cheese is AMAZING. Always hot, chewy on the inside, and that bier cheese is like crack. I've also had their cheese platters, always well chosen, and I love the slate board they're served on. On the retail side of things, their cheese selection is out of this world; they've got some really hard to find stuff.I just wish they were open later, but as a food service person myself, I can't reeeally wish that on them.  They've got a new location on Ditmars, I look forward to checking it out.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,9/28/2014,25,138,2,10,7>When I miss Thailand, I would normally come here to eat.I came in for pickup numerous times, but for some reason, Ayada seemed to be one of the only Thai restaurant by this area I enjoy dinning in. When I come with my friends, we would normally try to drop by for late lunch or early dinner to avoid the wait and busyness.Their lunch special runs on weekdays except holidays from 11:00am - 3:30pm. During lunch hours, if possible the best time to drop by is after 2pm when it is less busy. My usual would be the typical Pad Se Ew Shrimp or the Shrimp Fried Rice ... with Tom Yum Soup on the side and of course the Thai Iced Tea. For dinner, regardless of my friends' ethnicity we'd all share food ... Eating it the Thai way. On days we wanted to eat like "Isan" (Northeast region of Thailand), we'd go for the BBQ Pork/ Beef, Papaya Salad, Larb Salad, Bean Thread Salad and of course everyone would have the sticky rice on the side. On days when we just want to keep it simple, we'd go for the Whole Fish, soup as well as some rice on the side.Other dishes I've tired throughout the visits include: the Green Curry, Rad Nah (taste literally just like the ones my grandma would buy from a neighborhood restaurant back in BKK), Drunken Noodle, Pad Thai, Pad Kra Prow ... They were all pretty good as well. Service is good and the price is reasonable. If you want your food real spicy, just let them know you want "spicy baab Thai Thai."
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,9/27/2014,325,275,18,21,19>Crazy about the Crazy Crab!Never mind the eclectic non-décor.Never mind the Keno board on the TV monitor.Never mind that you're eating off a plastic plate with plastic utensils.Never mind that your food is cooked/served in a plastic bag.What I am thankful for is not having to wait for a table.  We pulled up some seats and started ordering our favorite types of seafood from the "hand eating" section of the menu.  Snow crab, mussels, shrimp with sides of sausage and corn, with garlic butter and lemon pepper sauce.  Soft shell crab?  Yeah, throw that in too.  You get 6 deep-fried crabs for $15, a way better deal you won't find anywhere.Just concentrate on the tasty seafood being served up.  Crack those crab legs, suck those shrimp heads and lick that savory sauce off your fingers.  They know you're going to be messy, which is why the table has a piece of paper taped to it.  As you don your personal protective gear/hazmat suit, you know you're going to be in for it.  OK, it was only a plastic bib, but they give you food service gloves like the ones used by servers at the school cafeteria.  Pffft, what do I need these for?  You'll be thankful for them later to lick the sauce off your fingers and they remain velvety soft when you peel them off like Gypsy Rose Lee (but smelling like garlic with bits of crab in your hair).I have yet to try the Boil, but have been to the Boiling Crab on the west coast, so this is not a new experience.  What is novel is that I've never seen a restaurant that sold Lotto tickets, but they do here.  So sink a couple of dollars on MegaMillions after dinner.  Hey, you never know.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/26/2014,933,557,8,15,13>I love them because they're stocked well, yet not cluttered.I love them because they have cool stuff that are displayed neatly, showing that they care for their merchandise.I love them because they're clean and I never walk out anxiously reaching for my hand sanitizer. I love them because they have added discounts that they announce when you walk in (varies).I love them because they're priced well, considering those extra discounts. I love them because the staff is super cool.I love them because they're local and they're awesome.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,9/25/2014,1195,408,14,18,16>DISCLAIMER: As an extremely proud and nationalistic son of the Philippines, as well as a lovingly adopted son of the outer borough of Queens (specifically in the section of Astoria), I will do my "damndest" to write the most objective review possible.Anyway, the unadulterated joy that I felt after finding this place was staggering.  After being scared into thinking that this place was wiped off the face of the earth (the Yelp map is so wrong), a quick look at the address remedied this problem in a snap.Even after visiting this place a couple times, I still can't believe that a place like this even exists (for the past two years apparently).  Esoteric Filipino condiments, snack foods, and other things adorn the shelves, along with your typical bodega-esque assortment of good things.  What's even crazier is how cheap some of these items run.  Given the not-too-common nature of the goods sold at this joint,  one could half expect a massive markup.  However, I found it a struggle to spend over $10 at this place ($10 being the credit card minimum).  My backpack literally ripped open when I got home because I was carrying so much in it.The older gentleman dude who runs the counter is also pretty cool, as we discussed the difficulties of trying to sell Filipino beer at this place.  When I told him that a Red Horse in the city sells for $6, I saw his eyes quiver, as if there was no more hope left in the world.  Thankfully, because of this place, I still manage to hold on to hope... no matter how desperate situations can get.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,9/24/2014,61,33,5,12,8>When a girl falls in love with a lemon and everything sour, she has to try RAD Filipino food.This is the best Filipino food in Queens & dare I say NEW YORK CITY! Not only does it taste authentic, but the price won't burn a hole in your pocket either! Filipino food includes (not limited to) a lot of vinegar, tamarind or lemon. So, if you love sour...this cuisine is perfect for you (& me)! There are a lot of signature dishes, but here are my MUST TRY:SIZZLING SISIG (Finely chopped pork belly marinated with lemon and hot peppers, served on a hot plate)-This dish tastes different in every restaurant, but I like that they give you a lemon wedge to squeeze more sourness to this sizzling platterSINIGANG NA BAKA (Beef Soup cooked with Asian vegetables with a tamarind base)-You can get this sour broth with seafood, pork or beef, but I really prefer beef!DINUGUAN (Pork stewed in vinegar and pork blood)-This might scare people who are not used to eating pork blood. Trust me, you can't taste blood or iron at all! The dish comes out very dark, almost black, but it is quite tasty. The vinegar really knocks it out.CALAMANSI JUICE: -This fruit is a combination of lime/orange. It's a small citrus fruit that is green and smaller than a lime, but round like an orange. The flesh is a light orange. The flavor is exactly what you'd think...a combination of orange & lime!I am in love with this place. I can't get enough of it! There are several other must try dishes on the menu that I have to go back for!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,9/23/2014,83,142,9,10,6>Korean-American ComfortThis Korean boon-shik ( easily prepped, or fast food) joint is a little disjointed. The service here is not the best. The speed of service is not exactly expedient.  Also, the young workers often forget what you asked for and aren't particularly polite. It wouldn't hurt to see a hospitable smile, hear a hello or even a good evening.The wifey and I ordered their "pizza-rice cake, spicy tuna kim bab, and donkatsu (fried breaded pork cutlet). The spicy tuna kim bab wasn't at all what I expected. I thought there would be only spicy tuna maybe a few carrots and pickled daikon, however, the kim bab had everything from eggs, pickled daikon, some kind of synthetic-fish ham, spinach, and only a sliver of spicy tuna. I was expecting the spicy tuna to be the main-character but it was just lingering in the background, like the A/V squad during school plays. Then came the donkatsu or Japanese-fried breaded pork cutlet akin to it's European cousin the schnitzel. The meat was thick and juicy and the breading was thin, but the breading wasn't clinging to the meat. The sauce drizzled on top of it was a mixture of honey-mustard, traditional donkatsu sauce, and Korean-American dressing AKA Russian dressing. I enjoyed the dish besides the nitpicking. Not bad for just 10 bucks. The highlight of the evening was the pizza-rice cake dish which took forever to arrive. This gorgeous thang comes in a ceramic lasagna pan. This was worth the wait, but sadly we finished most of the kim bab, which is extra delicious with a dunk into the spicy ddukboki sauce. The consistency of the sweet and spicy red-pepper paste based sauce was thin which wasn't a bad thing. It should be re-named a ddukboki pizza soup. The cheese they used was amazing. I think it was a mixture of Mozzarella and American. Underneath the ooey gooey cheesy top were some fish cakes, bell peppers,mushrooms, and not to forget the chewy rice cakes. The desirable chewy consistency of the rice cakes was spot-on. An overly cooked mushy Korean rice cake is a no-no.  I highly recommend this sweet, spicy and savory dish to a cheese-lover who can handle a little kick. I suggest adding some ramen to it which would make the dish epic.Tip: skip the kim bab and go for the pizza-rice cake. It is an exemplar of Korean-Americana.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,9/22/2014,152,103,6,6,6>Came here Saturday night with a party of four and were seated right away. Might be because we came at around 9:30pm. The waitress was nice, the service was fast. The pork buns were two thin slices of pork with some veggies. I was expecting a thicker, juicier cut. The shiitake was meh but I like the crunchy ebi potatoes (it has shrimp inside). The soup in the Kara miso ramen was just right - not too spicy that it kills the taste. If you have more soup you can add $2 for more ramen to add on. At the end of our meal we got ice cream on the house, which was perfect since we were thinking of getting dessert elsewhere beforehand.Not the best ramen place I've been to and probably not worth a long trip to come to Astoria just for this if you live far away. But they do have a good selection of appetizers and ramen. Good for locals (I think they do take-out as well).
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/21/2014,59,176,4,8,8>Still excited to have this place nearby (although I wish it were closer!) Tried the al pastor quesadilla which was definitely "interesting" as another reviewer put it. Thick corn tortilla, crumbly cheese (almost parmesan-like) along with delicious crispy pieces of al pastor. Douse it in the green hot sauce and it becomes pretty awesome. It came with a side salad of lettuce, cucumber, and radish, too. All for $4!Also tried the chicken burrito which was short and fat, totally stuffed with rice and beans and chicken and smothered on top with an avocado sauce and sour cream. This was not your typical hand-held burrito but a knife and fork affair. The chicken was actually really tasty and the fillings didn't even really need any of the hot sauces. Next time, I'm getting the burrito so I can have more than a couple of bites!Chips that came to the table were good although the salsa that came with was only okay, with a hint of chipotle flavor.Btw, I don't think there's any sort of sign outside that tells you the name of the restaurant, be it El Grill or otherwise.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,10/13/2012,125,526,1,8,8>L'incontro is really as good as it gets. Me and my dad have made it an at least once-a-month (sometimes more) spot to have dinner, as he says he has never in his life had a better dish than their osso buco. No, seriously. As in he doesn't even want to hear the specials (the million that they have a night) cause nothing in his mind can top this dish. The service (we always request Chuck, as he has to be one of the best waiters I've ever had in NYC) is also consistently on point. Word of caution though: it doesn't matter what day of the week you go--this place is always packed. So you should definitely make a reservation (and save room for their outstanding desserts). I'd also recommend checking out their wine bar next door.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/12/2012,102,568,6,11,8>My close friends and I came to Zebra Lounge to throw a bachelorette party for a bride-to-be!  It was the best choice ever because she had the best time celebrating the last days of her single life.  Please see the reasons as follows: 1. The bride-to-be loves, loves, loves to sing Karaoke!!  Zebra Lounge has an excellent high-tech karaoke system which is so much better to navigate compared to other places.  The sound quality is amazing.  The 50" LCD TV is very clear.  Most of the music videos are the actual MVs to the songs!  There is a wide range of song selections.2. She enjoys a private get-together!!  Zebra Lounge offers private rooms.  Each room has a bathroom so your guests don't have to leave the party.  The rooms are very clean and modern with leather sofas.  There is a neatly-designed theme to each room.3. She likes attentive service!!  Zebra Lounge's waitress service is great.  They come in every so often to check up on you and to clean up the table.  In addition, the waitors are very accomodating because they allowed us to arrive early to set up the decorations with no extra charge!!4. The bride-to-be does not mind eating snacks with a few drinks!!  Zebra lounge's menu options include tempura, chicken tender sandwiches, marinated peanut, and sweet potato, and yam fries.  Some of their specialty cocktails are the Watermelon Apple Martini, Ginger Infused Mojito, and the Green or Red Apple Martini.Thus, I highly recommend coming here for special occasions, definitely great for large groups!NOTE:  Food and drinks are served in the room, and the price is deducted from the hourly rate.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,10/11/2012,142,338,1,10,9>Okinae is somewhat of a confusing place, at least to me. It has "Korean Restaurant" right in the title, but the name conjures up the similar and more recognizable Japanese island's name. When we first walked in, the groups at other tables were speaking Chinese, and the staff was talking with them. It turns out the restaurant is run by immigrants from the Dongbei, or "northeast," of China near the Korean border. The menu is in both Korean and Chinese, as well as some form of English.The foods here share influences from northern Chinese cooking, but are decidedly Korean in presentation. Plates of banchan are brought to the table even before you order, and the tables have a BBQ pit in the middle and a fan above.Other tables were swarmed with many sticks of BBQ and bottles of Coors Light or Budweiser, so we decided to fall into form and do the same. Since we only ordered six sticks, our grilling was done "off-site," in the front of the restaurant. I guess you need to order a certain quantity to be worth getting everything dirty, which makes sense.The small sticks of BBQ are all in the $1.19-$1.99 range, and all delicious. The lamb, beef heart, and pork belly stood out for us.As we were munching all of our items, a nice dish of steamed chive and egg dumplings came out, on the house. Other tables received one too, so friendliness and generosity might just be the policy of Okinae. The side of chili dipping sauce that accompanies it is excellent.The main dish we went for was the cumin chicken Jane ($10.99), a plate full of all parts of chicken and large, well-cooked pieces of garlic. All the meat is crispy and satisfying, covered in cumin and carrying plenty of spice and seasoning.Since we had not expected the dumplings and were expecting to be full of meat, we also ordered the simple garlic spinach ($9.99), which is exactly what you expect. The garlic sauce makes the dish very Chinese, but it goes well to add some green to your table anyways.After we finished, we were also given a free plate of crispy shrimp chips and ordered a couple more $3 Budweisers, as there is no OB or Hite on offer here. All in all, a wonderful experience and a thorough feeling of being somewhere very foreign.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,10/10/2012,142,211,6,12,14>Sitting in the corner window at Phayul, the smallish Tibetan noodle and momo restaurant in Jackson Heights, you feel that you are perched on the highest point in the neighborhood. This is an appropriate motif afterall, since Tibet is often nicknamed the rooftop of the world. You can feel the fresh air rattling through the windows in this clean little food spot. The waitress fills your cup of salty-yet-rich Tibetan butter tea. You ponder the sounds of the neighborhood activity below you, as you wait for your steaming plate of momos (try the beef and veggie varieties, the former bursting with meat juices and cumin, and the latter drawing on the flavors of grated cabbage and potato). Phayul is a unique place, not only for its aboveground setting (and further by the fact that it's walls are shared with a Himalayan hair salon), or by its authentic salty butter tea. But rather, for its authentic Tibetan offerings. Whereas other restaurants in the neighborhood specialize in a Himalayan cuisine that is more akin to Nepalese food (with simple thalis overflowing with dal, fermented pickles and bitter greens), Phayul has a tailored Tibetan menu. There is a whole section on the menu dedicated to thukpa, which is the Tibetan plateau's version of broad noodles served meat and vegetables in a milky white beef broth. Other dishes like mixed khatsa, which combine beef tripe with mouth-numbing chili, garlic, cilantro, and sesame seeds; or blood sausage, which come with a hint of Sichuan peppercorn, challenge your taste buds and your preconceived notions of Tibetan food.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,10/9/2012,361,716,10,11,9>I can haz enchiladas!I love enchiladas and ever since I moved away from CA over 7 years ago (yes, I'm one of those annoying Californian transplant), I searched far and wide for a restaurant that would satiate my enchilada cravings. 99.999999% of the time I've been sorely disappointed (Cafe Habana is the one exception, but it's a Cuban enchilada and not a Mexican one, so it's not quite the same). The meat has been tough and cubed (rather than shredded), the enchilada sauce was off, and the cheese was cheap imitation Kraft cheddar. Yech! I've learned to stick to the tacos when it comes to East Coast Mexican food.I was a bit hopeful when I looked at De Mole's menu and the rave reviews from Yelpers. We decided to have a quiet Cinco de Mayo in Astoria, and so De Mole looked like a good choice.There's plenty of space around the tables and despite that it was prime dinner time, only a few people were there. I ordered the enchiladas rojas, which come with a spicy red sauce. When my platter came out, I was very hopeful that perhaps my bad enchilada streak would come to end with one good bite. As my fork parted the creamy white queso and deep red sauce and split the soft corn tortilla, the shredded chicken fell out surrendering its goodness. I knew I was all in. Indeed, these enchiladas were the best enchiladas that I've had in New York City. I gobbled up every bite and washed it down with Mexican Coke. Tears almost came to my eyes in relief.If I were in LA, I would rate this restaurant as 3*s because the food are definitely solid good choices and a good neighborhood restaurant, as oppose to 4*s where it's worth a little bit of travel. But since I'm in NY with a dearth of enchiladas that are worth eating, 4*s without a qualm.Ole!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,10/7/2012,5,21,13,12,9>Gather around my people, for I am about to share with you one of the greatest hidden treasures of the ages.I will unequivocally state without any hesitation that this bakery is my #1 guilty pleasure on earth - bar none.I could regale you endlessly with Hobbit-like tales of glorious gluttony; halcyon, golden days filled with huge, doughy, fluffy, flaky Colombian croissants, rich, buttery, cheesy almojabanas, yuca bread and bunuelos... Misty memories of palmiers (elephant ears), arequipe (caramel) stuffed figs and crispy, caramel filled pastry horns... Sigh..This is the kind of carbohydrate nirvana one can only achieve when one has found a place that truly can do no wrong - where everything has the hallmark of culinary genius; where you can taste the chef's love and the years of practice made into perfection instilled into each and every bite. Such a place is the Colombian bakery Las Americas on 82nd St.This place is an institution and has been around for decades. My dad used to take me and my older brother there when we were but wee lads in the early 1980s and we would return home like victorious hunters carrying the spoils of the day in large paper bags made semi-transparent from the butteriness of deliciousness ensconced within.Over the years they've introduced an occasional new item here or there, each one bearing the high born stamp of their lordly origins.My current favorite is the Spanish cheese filled croissant which is worth not eating anything else for the rest of the day and doing 5 miles on the treadmill for.If you go early in the morning, or just before 11 AM (when I believe the next fresh baked batch comes out) you'll be treated to piping hot breads - the cheese filled ones still bursting with the juices of the almost gooey white cheese filling. It's enough to start a riot. They say man cannot live on bread alone... Challenge accepted!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,10/6/2012,472,510,7,13,9>This was THE discovery of my weekend.  I can't believe in all the years (20+) I've lived in Queens and relatively close to Rego Park, that I had never once ventured into Ben's Best.  Shame on me.  Well, the tides are about to change especially after my bf and I came here on Saturday night for a quick and simple, shared dinner of a classic pastrami on rye sandwich, a spinach knish, and a warm, homemade apple strudel.  The pastrami was absolutely perfect.  I loved how moist and tender the meat was, and appreciated that there wasn't any fatty globs on the edges of the slices as I've had the unfortunate pleasure of experiencing with other pastrami sandwiches eaten elsewhere.  Additionally, the meat was seasoned well with black pepper which was a unique and tasty treat.  There's a very homey feel to Ben's Best, the walls of this deli just sing of local flavor and history.  It's full of character and texture as we discovered they've been in operation since 1945 (that's 67 years and counting)!  Service was pretty average but everything else about this special nook of a delicatessen was charming.  I see Ben's certainly becoming a mainstay in my rotation of favorite Queens eats.  I'm glad we discovered this place, which to me is like the Katz's of Queens albeit, Ben's Best stands perfectly solid on its own two feet without the need for comparison.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,10/5/2012,65,127,10,25,22>This place is so new it doesn't even have a price list, business cards, or a listed phone number yet.  While it will eventually take credit cards - not today.  I watched it go from the previous business - to closed -  to under complete renovations, the place was completely gutted - to open for business within the span of two weeks. The interior is simple but it works. Walls are olive, floors are stone and furniture is leather and ratan. Hopefully they will have a few pictures on the walls soon. One lone plant by the front door is begging for company.  The only picture I saw was in the waxing room.The four pedicure chairs are the massage kind but they have bubble wrapped the remote so it was difficult to see the controls.  There are five manicure desks, two in the front and three in the back.  The waxing bed was comfy and the lighting in the room was well done and in mind for staring at the ceiling.The prices are comparable with the neighborhood and since three places around here are one big monopoly and the wait there is astronomical, there is plenty of demand in the neighborhood.  If they keep up the good work I think I might have found a new home.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/4/2012,168,160,8,10,10>Like the Siren Song in the Odyssey, when you pull up into the parking lot to pick something up from Home Depot, the smell wafts its way into your noseand begins calling out to you. The moment you hear your stomach grumble and the thought fills your head, "that smells good." it's over for you, it's a foregone conclusion, you have to stop by on the way out to pick up a Philly cheese or an Italian Sausage. Either of these picks are good. I like mine with a lot of veggies and they are not stingy about it, when you ask for extra they are more than happy to oblige. but you have to know this, it's really a glorified food truck, this is not a restaurant so there is no real seating, you could sit outside on one of the picnic tables but even that can be really dusty. the food is really good, I prefer the Cheese steaks, and it really does not disappoint. as others have said it can be a bit pricey, $10 for a large hero. I don't know if i would go so far as calling this place the best cheese steaks in the city, butthen again i don't know if a better one comes to mind so maybe... it's really the bread that makes it good, soft chewy and delicious. next time you need some hardware go to the Home Depot and let the smell draw you in....you won't regret it.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/3/2012,188,199,11,14,9>I get it!!!! I finally get it!!!!!!!!Let me explain... I always wanted to be that chick that practices yoga. Oh, c'mon you know what I mean ;) You know, that physically fit, cool girl that totes her yoga mat everywhere she goes, and tells everybody in that ultra sexy voice "I practice yoga daily." No??... It's just me then? Okay,  so for years I've been going from studio-to-studio, and I've taken classes with some great teachers, but I never stuck with it. Until... Ananda Yoga Sangam. Yoga?? In Little Neck? I don't know what made me go in. I just assumed it was another overpriced studio with some pretentious jerk teaching the class, but from the moment I walked in Edward (instructor) approached me with a big smile, and something about him clicked, but I was still not sold until he mentioned the FIRST CLASS IS FREE! That's all I needed to hear :)It's a small studio. You can comfortably fit 15- 16 people. I really like it that way, it's so much more intimate. Edward is super attentive, he gives everybody one-on-one time. He is really encouraging, and never makes you feel like an idiot. Oh, and he's sooooo funny! He really makes every class so much fun. He emphasizes the importance of breathing and that's what I mean about getting it. It's all about the breathing. I feel so relaxed, yet so energized after every class. And boy, what a work out! Ananda pushes you to the max. The abs and core class is insane! And its free as long as you stay for the class right after that. I can seriously see a difference in my body. My body feels and looks much firmer. Move over Miranda kerr! Plus, I feel so much better emotionally, and it's really being reflected, and manifested in my day-to-day life. He has some great packages, and I find it cheaper than many other studios. Whatever class package you buy, it  NEVER EXPIRES. Do you know how many studios have ripped me off because of this?!?!Just take one class, you have nothing to lose. You definitely wont regret it. Expand your consciousness. And, get in touch with yourself.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/2/2012,333,234,5,8,7>Here's the update after visiting many times from my initial visit:1. This should be your neighborhood haunt if you live in Astoria.2. The wings are the best of all of the boroughs!3. The daily specials can't be beat! $0.25 wings on Tuesday, $10 steak night on Wednesday, $3 burgers on Thursday, to name a few...4. The owner is often there and he works well with his staff. It's such a welcoming environment!5. There's a sports bar vibe at the front of the establishment and great sit down tabling in the back.It's definitely my new favorite place to unwind!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/1/2012,393,406,13,11,11>By all appearances, I was in a happy public marriage with Astoria (our paparazzi name was AstoriVan). We spent a lot of time together and I loved introducing her to new friends. But, after seven years, I got the itch.I ran off to engage in a passionate ménage à trois with the Long Island City waterfront and another. Unfortunately, as is often the case, the big jugs (of marmalade at LIC Market) and long legs (on Dutch Kill's drinks) that I was leaving for obscured how much I'd miss the old reliable holes that were waiting for me at home. Goodbye, Brooklyn Bagel. In search of new bagelry, I walked over to the Pump. They serve seemingly standard bagel-place fare (sandwiches, salad bar, a few paninis, a dessert case, etc.). The day we moved, I tried one of their wraps. And hot damn!I don't know how the hell they do it, but everything here is just...better. Their breakfast sandwiches taste like an integrated work of art, not BACON and EGGS and CHEESE separately. Their grilled chicken breakfast wrap is packed with flavor, despite any obvious garnish or spice. Even the run of the mill "NY lunch place paninis" seem to show a bit more than I've seen elsewhere.Prices are a drop higher than average (an extra dollar or two here and there) and I haven't actually tried their bagels yet. Said bagels are also nowhere near the size of my old love's. But after a tenuous period, I have found a home and can begin Yelping anew. Goodbye my love, and thanks for the carb-filled memories.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,8/31/2012,523,791,12,15,14>If you don't like Spicy or can't handle it (That numbs your mouth, your nose starts Sniffing and drinking Ice water nonstop and you start sweating in your forehead)  Then Don't come here!  Every Dish you will see RED Hot OIL, or Dry HOT Chilly. - Cold Dan Dan Noodles for appetizers was a good kick start!.  Pretty spicy if you mix it well enough (All the hot oil is in the bottom of the bowl). - (NON SPICY) Pumpkin Cake (4 small pc.) - Fried small ball size, sweet with a slightly flavor of Pumpkin.    - Sautee Crispy Duck, Hunan Style - Must order!, Saucy, tendered with a crispy skin on top and chopped spices on top of the meat.  Perfect way to mix it with Rice.  (But not considered super spicy) - I am Not a super fan of LAMB (don't eat it at all, but will try a piece at least to know how it  taste like).  But THIS dish made me want to have more than One piece of lamb! "Sautee Lamb with Hot Pepper Sauce".   - (NON SPICY) we ordered another steamed vegetables.Overall is pretty good.  I will have to come back again and try their famous "Steamed Fish Head with Picked Chili Sauce"Overall the place look pretty clean and spacious, Typical Chinese looking restaurant with large Round tables for large parties.  Waitress speaks OK English and the Menu Does have pictures to offer you their specialties.  They DO take Credit Cards (Visa and MC).
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,8/30/2012,251,671,7,8,8>I can walk here from my house. It's ridiculous that I haven't been here before, and I'm glad I had a chance to come here this past weekend.When you come in, they give you a little notification device, similar to what you would get at Outback  or Red Lobster (don't judge!), and the wait time is not terribly long. We were seated relatively quickly, even though the place was packed. I ordered the Spicy Octopus with Tofu - amazing. The spiciness was just right, the octopus cooked perfectly, and the tofu flavorful. And enough to feed 3 people (well, 3 people like me, but potentially 2 hungry folks). Their usual assortment of "appetizers" was definitely not usual - fried whole fish, dried seaweed salad, tofu and pork curry (my friend ate it, and declared it delicious) and a lovely radish pickle. Not a fan of their kimchi, but who really cares when there is so much else deliciousness!The service is attentive and unobtrusive, the prices are reasonable and the portions are immense. I will be walking on back sooner than later.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,8/29/2012,1988,418,10,13,12>Previously known as "The Zone", I came to Static Lounge this past weekend for my friend Lauren's birthday, and boy was it a beautiful, sloppy, fiasco! I had an ammmazing time! Unfortunately I had just gotten a Brazilian Keratin done to my hair earlier that day so dancing was out of the question because I sweat so much, and I wasn't suppose to wet my hair for three days AT ALL. Guess what, up in our VIP they had a HUGE giant fan!!! Keeping us cool in the sweaty wee hours. So guess who was shaking her tail feather alllllll night long? If you guessed me, you're 2000000% right. The crowd is mostly Spanish, so when me and my boo showed up around 1am we caught the last shard of some reggaeton music which I'm assuming was probably played mostly prior to us arriving, but then during the remainder of our stay they played hip hop and reggae. Absolutely great! What scared me the most was the obstacle course to get to the bathroom/coat check, and by that I mean the long flight of steps I had to walk down a total of 3 times (from what I remember) in seven inch heels, completely shammer bammered all to spread my legs and pizz in a bowl.I give this spot five stars because I had a blast. There was a $10 cover after 12, but you get free drink ticket so that's irrelevant (my friend came to the door to tell the bouncer to let us in for free  for her birthday, and the girl let us keep our drink tickets). The drinks were hella mighty strong ,and the $5 colorful shots of god only know what had me right where I wanted to be.Puking as  the song "House Party" played was obviously inevitable that night, but in any case, a  place that has me chuckin during the car ride home is exactly where I want to be!Way to go static!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/28/2012,116,655,4,21,7>While lasers and eyes shouldn't go in the same sentence together, the idea of having perfect vision without glasses is kinda appealing. I considered doing LASIK for a while, mostly because I'm blind as a bat without the sonar (-7 with astigmatism). I found Astoria Medical Center on LivingSocial and called to make a consultation before doing the big jump. The building is sparkly new, with super A/C, bright and clean, and... empty feeling. The center is a combination of a medical, dental, and LASIK practice, but I guess since they're so new, there just weren't many people around. I was the only person waiting during my consultation and the rest of the office was quiet.Dr. Menezes met with me on time. She was great about explaining what would happen and what she was looking at, which made me feel at ease. She's cheerful and chatty and let me ask all the questions I wanted. Dr. Mendez is the opthamalogist - as in she checks your eye health and prescription, but isn't the actual surgeon. She said I was a fantastic candidate for lasik because I had really thick corneas (and therefore the procedure wouldn't be very risky). After chatting about my options, I made an appointment for a month later to go under the laser. Although I had found the place via LivingSocial, the office, doctors, and experience reassured me that this place wasn't going to steal my money and my kidneys, so I'd probably be safe in surgery.Dr Bonanni is the actual surgeon. While my time with him was limited (seriously folks, we're talking 20 minutes), he was professional, kind, and efficient. The whole surgery takes less than 10 minutes and feels a lot like being abducted by aliens. You're awake and watching everything happening to you. They give you two stress balls to hold so you can take out your anxiety on your hands and not your face. There's a lot of whirring and flashy lights, so it can appear rather scary. But the procedure is brief, uncomfortable, but not painful, and Dr. Bonanni talks reassuringly to you through the whole thing. Afterward, had a friend take me home (since I didn't want  walk blindly back). I slept for several hours and woke up bleary, but with 20/20 vision. I'm still going through recuperation, waiting for my eyes to fully heal (it takes about a month to fully recover) but I feel great. The post op appointments I've had were brief and positive, and everything seems to be progressing just fine. I was back at work after taking a day off to recover and while my eyes felt tired the first two days, it gets remarkably better after a week. I would recommend the Astoria LASIK Center to anyone in the area. It IS a hike to get to if you don't live here, but the service, quality of care, staff, and friendliness are a big plus. The staff worked with me extensively to reschedule several appointments and were really good about getting to me promptly if things changed. The doctors are capable and patient. They were also great about calling me a car service to get home and are efficient on the phones. Lastly, the value was terrific!UPDATE NINE MONTHS LATER...  I've had a surprising number of Yelp messages about this review and I'll try to address some of the repeat questions here.I'm doing great. I have had no adverse side effects or complications and I really am glad I went through the surgery. I went from -7 to 20/20 with no problems. I've had questions a few times about things (crying felt weird the first month) and Dr. Menezes was super about getting back to me. My apartment is also really dry in the winter, but I've been fine for the most part and didn't have considerably drier eyes than in years before. I still have some halos, but unless you're an air force pilot or midnight drag racer, it probably won't bother you. Its kind of like being a just a bit more sensitive to lights. The only additional fees are for the prescription meds. I was prescribed an antibiotic, a steriod, and Restatis, which promotes tear production. The antibiotic and steriod are only for the first six weeks and the Restasis is for three months. All together my meds cost around $150. They may also prescribe you Valium if you need the chill pill before surgery, but I didn't need it. Taking the meds for the first month is annoying, since you have to put them in around every four hours, but they're worth it. The post op checkups are pretty frequent. I think it was a one week, two week, one month, three month, six month, and year appointments. They're quick - around 15-20 minutes, but I appreciate the reassurance and check in. Dr Menezes is super nice and I would also recommend her as a regular opthamalogist.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/27/2012,565,622,7,11,8>Hands down my favorite delivery place in Astoria. They deliver "everywhere except Alaska and Hawaii".  Yep - I give them points for showing Muslim people have a sense of humor too! I found this place completely by accident when one night I was roaming around Steinway at 3am, completely wasted and looking for a place to eat. Now I thank the food gods every day that even in my inebriated state, I had the presence of mind to pick up their delivery menu. As my wife says - when it comes to food, I have the eyes of a hawk. Yay for me!So far I've gotten the lamb shank and beef shank. If I had to use only one word to describe the food, it'd be - SUCCULENT!! For delivery, it doesn't get much better. I don't live close by but they usually get their food to me in about half an hour- and I always tip generously. I mean, 10 bucks for two pieces of lamb shank??  That's  a steal. The meat is tender, juicy and the flavors are well balanced and light. Amazingly, I don't think the food loses anything during the delivery process. Well what are you waiting for? Pick up the phone and order some food!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/26/2012,29,97,6,22,6>This spa is set up like spas / sentous (bath houses) / onsens (hot springs) in Asia, hence the all nudity rule in the gender separated areas, as well as the uniform rule for the co-ed areas of the spa. Spa Castle specifically adheres to Korean sauna (Jjimjilbang) standards. Therefore, for anyone coming here, it's not just a spa experience- it's a cultural experience as well.The spa is set up into 4 sections. The main floor is split by genders and you must be fully nude for this area of the spa. I know a lot of people have a problem with this, but this is how they do it in Asia. (Queens is, after all a very culturally diverse part of NYC) Frankly put, it's nothing to be nervous about since everyone is naked and everyone is thinking about enjoying the pools themselves. Here you can also find dry and wet saunas where you can just be in a towel, as oppose to being uniformed upstairs.The second floor is the general sauna area and I absolutely love the big Loess Soil sauna room. Here there is also a salad and fruit bar... but as expected it's extremely expensive.The third floor is the outdoor pools. The fourth is the Korean restaurant that serves ok Korean food. It's also kind of expensive (if we are to compare with outside restaurants), but what choice do we have? Expect to pay $12 for kimchi jjigae and $15 for bulgogi and rice.Three things that come to mind with this place:1) In both Japan and Taiwan, they hand you towels as you enter a bath house so that you can cover your privates while you walk around and get to the showers and pools in the gender separated areas. Here, you have to strip down and walk yourself into the bath area to get a towel. I really wished that it weren't like this. But I assume they do it this way so that you can't get towels while you are in uniform.2) I notice that a lot of the clientele nowadays completely disregard the uniform only rule for the second floor sauna areas. They'll walk on down from the outdoor pools to the second floor in their bikinis and swim shorts. I hope that in the future, they'll have staff to regulate this. Let's keep the nakedness strictly in the first and third floor.3) I also notice that these days a lot of the clientele likes to hug or make out in the open outdoor pool areas. Can we stop this please? My body and my eyes are there to relax... not to be grossed out. If there's one thing that's ruining this spa, it would be the new influx of clientele that are loud and not following the rules.Overall, while to me the price of entrance is kind of expensive to take a bath and enter a sauna, it's still a very unique place in New York to just get away. Have an open mind with the nude areas, bring a nice swimsuit and bring lots of money- it'll be a great time there!---Update November 13, 2013It's been a while since I've been back to Spa Castle. The upkeep has definitely declined for this place. In the shower area, most of the shampoo/body soap dispensers don't have their caps anymore and they've mixed both with water as it seems. It used to be where they had placed this nice smelling Korean face lotion in the guys area... now we just get Vaseline lotion. Gross.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/25/2012,364,373,6,9,7>I have been on a cheapo budget for a while or in PC terms "I am working the deal". Either way Entenmann's Bakery Outlet is great place to purchase some sweets at very reasonable price.I have been driving by this place for months and finally today I stopped by around 6 PM. I have read a few reviews that say if you get here late, "no goodies". Low and behold I walked into a plethora of empty shelves. Ouch...I was late and no goodies. I learned from the crowd of disappointed customers that the truck did not come in today with goodies.No biggie with lack of delivery. This location still had tons of  cookies, donuts, muffins, coffee, beverages, etc. Everything is on a deal of some sorts: 2 for 3; 3 for 5; you name an item and it is on sale. I am sure when the place is properly stocked it will have my favorite: apple pie. It may not be as good as some expensive bakery, but it is just as sweet.I have always been a fan of Entenmann's bake goods since I was a kid. They are always available at your local supermarket and the quality is not bad. Their tasty and when you just want some pound or marble cake with your coffee or tea it hits the stop. Mom always use to bring some home from the store. I guess I have the happy memories of childhood.Looking for great deals for school, office or home functions Entenmann's Bakery Outlet serves some tasty sweets at very reasonable prices.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,8/24/2012,93,365,2,9,8>I'd really like to try something other than the Nasi Campurayam Bakar, or Grilled Chicken, but I never seem to order anything else. It's just that good. The jackfruit and kale curry with coconut milk provides an excellent contrast to the meat. Coming from me, that's really saying something: I've been known to shy away from any and all dishes containing coconut milk, but I make an exception whenever I visit Mie Jakarta. A hard boiled egg and handful of shrimp chips may seem like random additions to those unfamiliar with Indonesian cuisine, but they're both very common, and help provide a variety of textures and flavors that round out the meal nicely.I've heard people balk at the serving sizes. And it's true, if you have an especially large appetite, then a single entree here may not do it for you. But, at only $6.50 a meal, feel free to go all out and embark on an ordering spree! For what you get, the value truly can't be beat. The food is made with love and care, and the quality of the food is incomparable to whatever else you may be able to scrounge up for the money.The restaurant is sparse, and likely seats no more than 15. There is no ambiance to speak of. The menu is limited. None of these are bad things. On the contrary, it's what makes this little hole in the wall endearing! The employees here can best be described as efficient, but timid. However, they always have a smile ready and the food never takes very long to make it's way to your table.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/12/2014,262,613,7,11,9>While I am horribly jet-lagged after a 14 hour flight from Dubai to JFK, having spent such an inordinate amount of time on an Emirates Airbus 380 makes all the difference: I may be tired from the unavoidable drain of air travel but I am hardly miserable.I have had my share of flights on other airlines with faulty entertainment screens, rude and frankly miserable looking flight attendants along with the inevitably wretched slop that passes as an on-board meal. Simply take the extreme opposite of all of those experiences and you have a clue as to what a flight on Emirates is all about.If I had known about the quality and quantity of food on board my outbound flight from JFK to Dubai I wouldn't have wasted an obscene amount of money on overpriced snacks from the nearby terminal eateries.I flew coach but was treated like an actual human being, one who can be trusted with non-plastic utensils and given an entertainment system that ranks up there with the great library of Alexandria for sheer choice of material alone. The 12.5 hour flight featured two meal services and a pizza snack. Each meal service presented me, the passenger, with a choice and not just between pretzels and peanuts. Lamb with basmati rice? Or maybe chicken curry? Vegetarian option? And for breakfast, how about a hot croissant with an omelet that tasted as good as any I've had while on the stationary earth.I was initially apprehensive about a middle seat but even in coach class there's enough space between seats so as to prevent elbow rubbing with strangers. If the person in front of you leans their seat back, it's not necessarily an in your face intrusion. The flight attendants are young and attractive. It's like the way air travel was in the golden age of flight in the US during the days of Pan-Am. As the center of economic power shifts eastward, it's obvious that the caliber of air carrier follows suit. Emirates is the comfortable chariot to the land of tomorrow that is Dubai.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/11/2014,593,1089,13,19,19>extradited from Flushing to Forest Hills, Gloria has found new life here on Queens Boulevard.their buffalo chicken pizza slice is one of the best I've tasted. the sauce is the right ratio of spicy:sweet, and the tender chunks of chicken are great. the crust of all the slices here is done right, and the cheese doesn't taste like plastic cheese food.the guys here are friendly and outgoing. the dining area is modern, spacious and clean. while I'm an old-school stalwart who still enjoys seeing the old neon orange/red booths, the pizza is top-notch and just the way outerboro pizza should be.prices are fair and the portions are great.I've yet to finish trying all the pizza options in Forest Hills, but Gloria's is so good that this task is at the bottom of my action items list.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/10/2014,523,791,6,16,13>I am a SUPER Uber Cirque Du Soleil Fan (This will be my 12 show)  Seeing all the shows (From NY, To Vegas, to Outside other countries).  This has been  a pretty good performance.Thanks to Yelp for allowing me to have the chance to experience it during the PREMIERE!Complimentary Popcorn, Drinks (water, soda, champagne ***Show Starting at 8 PM Intermission at 9:10 until 9:45 PMShow ending around 10:30 PMAfter Performance Party until 1 AM.Complimentary Finger Food plus drinks available until 1 AM***---------------------------------- Now The show -----------------------------------------1st part of the show I was NOT that amused by the acrobats (things you may have seen it in other Cirque Du Soleil shows OR Thru Gymnastics. 2nd part of the show it AMAZED ME!.  Things that you have NEVER seen or Imagine. (SPECIALLY THE CONTORTIONIST)And about the story AMALUNA:is a fusion of the words ama, which refers to "mother" in many languages, and luna, which means "moon," a symbol of femininity that evokes both the mother-daughter relationship and the idea of goddess and protector of the planet. Amaluna is also the name of the mysterious island where the story unfolds.Music is more Rock style in this show, You will see most of the performers are Female Musicians, Acrbobats.Wherever you seat, you will be able to have a great view.  Since the Stage Rotates around right in the middle.*** = ONLY Premiere Night available (You have to pay your drinks and popcorns during regular admissions).
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,6/9/2014,103,107,3,8,6>This is my favorite food cart in Astoria, in a crowded great place for street food. Halal half chicken, chicken and beef kababs, cooked year round over charcoal. Absolutely delicious, and though the other reviewer felt the platters weren't a good value, I have to say I disagree. Platters are amazing, if you get the half chicken, it comes with two soups typically(depending on supply) and a salad. Its served over two types of rice, and though I usually get this platter for myself, the meal could easily be shared between two people. At ten bucks, well worth it. This is my favorite dish here, though the kabab sandwiches are great, reasonably priced, and served on toasted bread with the dough pulled out. A couple of tips here, Sundays and dinner time hours you'll find yourself waiting for a long time, so be prepared to wait. It takes at least ten minutes even when there isn't a long wait. Though it says they deliver, I don't think that they do. I think they're overwhelmed with orders, and won't answer the number listed. I've tried, on several occasions, to call ahead for pickup without any luck. The last thing would mention is to ask for tahini. They used to only serve tahini and hot sause, but with the popularity of the ubiquitous white sauce, think they caved because everyone asks for it. Really great charcoal grilled food here.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/8/2014,127,136,5,13,4>OMG where do I start! I had baby #3 at LIJ Katz Women's Hospital, it was an amazing experience. I was being prepped for my C-section in the recovery area which was amazing. The staff was more than friendly as they answered every concern I had, everything went on time thanks to my amazing OBGYN, within 2hrs I was already walking into the surgery room, which I might say is pretty dam beautiful. Very spacious, as my significant other was in the surgery waiting room; which has a giant flat screen T.V and sofas. My C-section was one of the best I ever experienced, only part that hurt was the spinal; other than that I was talking with the doctors & nurses and even telling jokes. My baby came out beautiful and 100% healthy. I felt no pain what so ever, until the next 24hrs which was bearable. The hospital room was private, I had my own bathroom; fridge, flat screen, small dining area and pull out sofa for my husband with a rocker. The nurses was more than helpful, although they took 15 minutes the max to come I still got the best treatment with them. But thank god for my wonderful husband who cared for me every minute if they were too busy. The nurses in the NICU were also very good, they handled my baby just as I would (extra star). The food wasn't that amazing, but they do have a cafeteria downstairs which serves excellent food. My 4days spent here were beyond special, I even got teary eyed leaving LOL; if ever I do push for baby number 4 you best believe I am coming back here again!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/7/2014,121,249,8,8,3>I've gone twice, both times the staff was SUPER nice. Both occasions I skipped the traditional specials and opted for the burger. The burger ingredients combinations always get me. Like how are you just going to have loose pieces of corn floating around between ham, a burger patty, and eggs then not expect me to order it? So far I've shoved a X Tudo and a X Guloso into my face. I regret nothing. I also got an order of Pão de Queijo Simples and they were just as good as all the times I've gone to a Brazilian steakhouse. I'm most def going to eventually try all of the burgers...still regret nothing.The seating inside are in an intimate space so if you wanted to have a nice dinner with a date (if she eats a big burger on a 1st date KEEP HER) or just hanging with family or friends it's good for both
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,6/6/2014,84,161,5,7,7>When I dragged my boyfriend to Flushing for a historic homes holiday tour a few weeks ago I had to promise him I'd find soup dumplings. Yelp to the rescue! Found this gem of a place (which I later found out is the go-to soup dumpling place for most of my friends) and was not disappointed.First: oh dear lord please don't try to drive here! You will spend hours looking for parking, and the Main St. Flushing 7 stop is only a few blocks away. Wait it out on the train and save yourself the arguments.Now the good stuff: Their scallion pancake is delicious! A bit greasy, but that's fine by me. It's super crispy which is definitely better than some of the limp ones I've had in my past.We also ordered a noodle and beef dish, which was tasty but I found the sauce to be a bit thick and sweet for my taste. The boyfriend gobbled it up though.Finally, the soup dumplings (we got pork). This was my first experience with soup dumplings. Let's just say it was a struggle for me to figure out how to eat it. I think next time I need to watch a youtube video. I did however, watch a guy tackle these expertly at the table next to ours and tried to mimic him. I think I just don't have the finesse, I spilled most of my soup on the spoon and my lap. Thankfully I managed to slurp up enough to know that this place has AMAZEBALLS soup dumplings. I'm addicted and planning a reunion visit for after the holidays. Go!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/5/2014,35,182,7,10,8>Valentines Day audible (meaning a play change for those not versed in football terminology) to this restaurant for dinner.The first place I chose didn't work so I'm glad this place doesn't take reservations (although that's a con too). Had only a 30 minute wait for 2 of us before the major VDay dinner rush. And you know a place is legit when they offer FREE WINE for your wait.--Fried Calamari - Just needed a bit more seasoning, but still liked it.--Shrimp Stuffed w/ Crabmeat - one of the  fresher tasting seafood dishes I've had in a while. Large shrimps over stuffed with lots of crabmeat.--Broiled Scallops - HUGE. Get it. Do it.--I still don't really understand why everyone seems to rave about the Lemon Potatoes? It is what it sounds like but it ended up being lemon mushy potatoes, not quite what I was expecting.Complimentary olive oil bread and dessert too! No idea what the dessert is, it just tastes like a awesome combo of a mildly sweet Napoleon cream in phyllo dough.I get the complaint of a pricey menu, but EVERYTHING was super generously portioned for their prices which weighs heavily on my grade. Be prepared to sit in close quarters!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/4/2014,149,122,5,9,7>Open Karaoke is situated in the heart of Murray Hill, right across the street from the LIRR. The best karaoke joint in the neighborhood, if you've been eating and imbibing in this area and are in the mood to sing, no need to travel out to Northern Blvd! I don't believe there's an English sign, but it's brightly lit in neon pink lights across the street from GugongTan.This clean establishment is run by a friendly Korean man and a few staff. The rooms are a bit smaller than their Northern Blvd counterparts, but there are a couple of huge rooms if you were planning to have a huge group here. Their mics are cordless and they provide those sanitary mic covers. The songs are updated frequently. The service is generous; it's not uncommon that they'll bring you a couple of soft drinks (They have a decent variety of Korean drinks like Milkis and Sacsac Grape! Of course, they have Coke and Sprite as well.) or even beers on the house. Also, they give you a bowl of Shrimp chips as well. Open late everyday, Open karaoke is a great way to end the night on any day of the week!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,6/3/2014,45,115,5,9,8>When you go here, go hungry. Came here because of their Amazon Local deal and returned due to the food and service. We were greeted by Brian, each time with a smile and given the option of sitting in or not in a booth. There are a plethora of TVs there and they always have on a game of some sorts.The menu is large enough to satisfy all your BBQ wants without being overwhelming. There are two choices of ribs (Memphis and St. Louis), brisket, pulled pork and chicken. All are awesome. The meat falls off the bone of the ribs and chicken and the pulled pork is soft, moist and melts in your mouth. The BBQ sauce and rubs have an awesome flavor.The sides are equally delicious. The baked potatoes are the size of Cadillacs and are perfectly baked. Whether you get it loaded or not depends on how much room you think you will have in your stomach after you gorge yourself on BBQ. The beans have just the right about of pork in them and the cole slaw compliments the meal sublimely.If you call for reservations, ask if they have smoked chicken wings. They aren't on the menu and are cooked as a special from time to time. Smoked then finished on the grill and sauced with any sauce in the house you want on them. They are the best wings I've ever had.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/24/2013,393,406,16,14,16>- Do you need a sandwich? How about 30 types of sandwich?- Are you Korean? If you are in Queens or reading this on Yelp, you could certainly be Korean. Does this mean you want really good bibimbap?- Is your city facing a once in a generation hurricane and you find yourself without water and food, long after every store has been raided? Do you want a bodega where the employees are not only working, but got to work on bikes?- Are you curious about how a store can have a freezer section, some produce, all kinds of groceries, ethnic food and exotic cheeses, all while being the size of a David Blaine illusion?- Do you need cash, flowers, altoids and a three pack of condoms in a hurry? If the answer to the last question is yes, you probably need some dating advice before you need bodega advice. But for everyone else, this is a real hidden gem. My one qualm is that they claim to deliver, but I have never successfully achieved this feat, despite multiple calls. Each time, they say they are short staffed or that we are too far away (I can almost see this place from my front door). But that works both ways..it's easy enough to walk over. ENC Market is also helpfully located right below the Asian Insurance store, so if you have a valuable or high-risk Asian, you can get all your errands done at once.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,1/23/2013,280,538,13,14,11>If I'm going to be stuck on a flight for 15 hours, it better be Cathay Pacific. What great things can I say about this airline?- A menu given before the flight start with all the meal options.- Touch screen entertainment interface.- USB charger for your devices.- A camera underneath the plane so that you can watch it takeoff.- All the latest movie releases, TV shows, music, and puzzle video games.- Haagen Dazs ice cream.- A timer countdown of when we're landing and our current estimate location.- Pillows and blankets!- Instant cup of noodles!- Fluent English, Cantonese, and Mandarin. Sort of. There was a guy sitting next to me who seem to only speak Cantonese, but the attendants were only speaking to him in Mandarin or English. He seems lost and wasn't able to get his cup of noodles and didn't want breakfast. They should have gave him his cup of noodles but the hostess wanted to serve breakfast. Poor dude.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/22/2013,42,175,6,6,7>"So this Australian restaurant opened up in Astoria, want to go?""What? Australian?! Pfft, sure!"Behold, the hook, line, and sinker to initially get you into the doors of The Thirsty Koala. I came here the other night with a friend, excited to try a cuisine that.. well, I never considered the existence of before. When you think of ethnic food, you generally think of something with a bit more pizzazz and crazy spices, but Australian cuisine is a just a stone's throw away flavor-wise from solid, home-y flavors Americans would enjoy.First, the ambience is casual and relaxed, the decor is impeccably new with a nice sense of humor in the giant stuffed koala found on the counter, and the service was perfect. The waiters/waitresses were all very friendly and attentive, and one of the owners, Christine, made it a point to speak to all the guests personally. You can tell there is sincere graciousness and a genuine love and passion for this restaurant. FOOD:I ordered the pork chop appetizer and the smashed mint peas (which apparently no one else has dared to try since they've opened). I ordered the pork chops as medium and they were ever so slightly cooked a bit over medium, but somehow still maintained perfect flavor, juiciness, and tenderness. They were rolled in rosemary and some other simple seasoning, but I can't stress enough how well they were cooked, and how much you could tell they used quality meat.This came with a side of diced roasted pumpkin which was delicious, not remotely mushy, and had a nice slight sweetness to it. Lastly, there was an unexciting, basic salad consisting of rocket leaves, pomegranate, and some kind of vinaigrette. Not bad.The smashed mint peas were actually awesome! If you like peas/greens in general, there's no reason not to order this. I was told by Christine that this dish is served with meat in Australia the way Americans serve mashed potatoes. It was awesomely simple: peas gently mashed (but maintaining integrity) with a little vinegar and some mint leaves. They are not vinegary at all, just simple and satisfying. For dessert, I wanted to order the Tim Tam Tiramisu (I freakin' love Tim Tams) but they were all out! Instead, they used another type of chocolate covered biscuit. Not quite the same. The tiramisu was served in a cup, and the biscuit lined the bottom. Unfortunately, I don't think the chocolate bits of the coating work well texturally with the tiramisu, but besides that, the flavor was good, not overbearingly sweet, and the homemade cream was quite nice. Overall, The Thirsty Koala is an awesome asset to Astoria. I will absolutely be returning here and would suggest this place to friends without any qualms. For a full 5 stars, I'd definitely need to try some more things on the menu and maintain that the service is consistently awesome.PS. I have an absolute crush on the woman with the labret piercing and slouchy hat who works there. Be nice to her, or I will kill you.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,1/21/2013,1515,3351,7,14,8>Originally built as a Civil War fortress, now a 60.39 acres shared site for New York Fire Department, the U.S. Army Reserve, U.S. Coast Guard, and NYC Parks.A beautiful park well maintained for the grounds is clean and resonate beautiful views of Throgs Neck Bridge and Long Island Sound on a clear day.  On a relaxing Sunday to attain inner peace and expel poison from what life has blocked me from achieving happiness, Fort Totten Park fends a nice walk-a-thon.  The Parade Grounds serve as a soccer and events field to the public including a outdoor swimming pool.  A jetty path is accessible by foot only which fends a clear view of Throgs Neck Bridge as the scenery of Long Island Sound is beautiful.  Grounds are a secure site for a gated security admits visitors.  Here lies U.S. Army Reserves where militarists serve their remaining passive years.A Visitor's Station is available to host as a small museum of authentic artifacts from the Civil War era.  Kid friendly grounds and best of all--FREE!  Fort Totten also inhabits a "Greenway," a park area designated exclusively for Bicyclers and pedestrians.  For any avid history buff or those who truly enjoy the great outdoors, Fort Totten presents both without question.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/19/2013,1195,408,12,10,12>Now whenever I'm about to complain about NY's lack of offerings for Filipino cuisine, I slow down, take a breath, and remember that Tito Rad's is bike ride away from my Astoria apartment.And yes, you will need to make the ride (the exercise will be necessary after all the pork you eat).  Dudes, you gotta eat the pork when you go here.  I know that the specials are fish, which I hear is pretty damn tasty in their own right, but the pork is where it's at.  It doesn't matter if you get the sisig, the lechon kawali, the crispy pata, or the BBQ... just do yourself a favor and get it.  I just don't believe how cheap they dish their...dishes... out.  A whole shank of pork for under $10?  That's a meal for two people (or for one... me).  Just ride your bike after if you feel guilty about it.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/18/2013,565,622,15,18,11>I went to Han Joo this w/e with my wife and a friend for some serious eating. We also wanted to see how it compared to Hahm Ji Bak next door.  Once seated, the waitress, who spoke in Chinese to my wife, gave her a brief rundown of the BBQ menu which was helpful. We ordered soju and that brought out a coy smile from her. Guess she found it amusing that we were ordering soju at 1:30 pm. We got down to business quickly:1) Banchans: I was impressed by Hahm Ji Bach's crab kimchi but these guys went a step further by giving us marinated crab eggs in the shell. They also had lotus root - something that I've only recently started appreciating. They don't give you as much as HJB in terms of quantity but it's hardly an amount to scoff at. 4.5/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot2) Samgyup Sal: As tasty as the one we had at HJB. I'd say there is very little between the two. Some of the thinner slices cool off quickly and dry up a little, but then it has a bacon like bite which is never a bad thing. That said, I still like the thicker cuts better. They give you lettuce leaf, sliced radish, scallion, crushed peanut, bean paste and soy to use with the meat. Using the lettuce leaf as wrap is fine, but I prefer the sliced radish cuz it cuts through the fat of the pork belly. 5/5 3) Kalbi: Came cooked from the kitchen and was tender but the taste wasn't as good as I expected it to be, especially when you consider how good the pork belly was. 3.5/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot4) Seafood Pajun: I'm a sucker for seafood pancakes and theirs was as good as I've had in NY.  The waitress put a couple of pieces on the grill to give it more crunch. Fantastic! 4.5/55) The special noodles w/ octopus (I forgot the exact name on the menu) had a lot of flavor but the octopus was tough and chewy. It looked good but ultimately didn't live up to our expectations. 3/5 yelp.com/user_local_photWe were very happy with our meal. It was a lot of food for 3 people and we could've easily done w/o the Kalbi or the noodles. I'm not sure how much value the crystal grill adds but I liked how it's tilted so the juices can run down and mix with the aged kimchi at the bottom. Aged kimchi is awesome but aged kimchi covered with the juices from the pork belly? Decadent and heavenly! yelp.com/user_local_photWhen the food started coming, I started taking photos. An interesting interaction with the waitress followed and went something like this:WAITRESS (to my wife): Is he a reporter?WIFE: No he's a  yelper.WAITRESS (calls another waitress and not-so-subtly points to me): He's a reporter!At that point, they started serving me the meats themselves and started giving me special treatment by taking my pancake slices and putting them on the grill. Can't complain about the service here for sure :). Long live the power of yelp!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,1/17/2013,628,678,12,21,15>I don't make a lot of absolute statements but here's one: Nan Xiang Dumpling House has the best xiao long tang bao in NYC.Let's be honest, soup dumplings are as much about construction as they are about flavor... if not more. Nan Xiang does that construction especially well. The soup dumplings here are huge, plus the skin is so so so thin with just a bit of bite on top. Soup dumplings are made by tucking a piece of the broth (naturally solidified into gelatin when chilled) into the wrapper with the filling. They use a LOT of that here, so your dumplings will be FULL of soup. Just about perfect.Get the crab variety: $6.50 per order of 6 (pricier than the norm, but reasonable). The classic pork ones are soupy goodness as well ($5.50), but neither kind has a strong "classic soup dumpling" flavor - so you might as well go a slightly different route with the crab. Our little group came here after already being STUFFED with everything else in Flushing, and we still ate and ate and ate. While walking out I noticed Mr. Michelin on the window. Huh.I've been here before for a traditional breakfast (hot soy milk + Chinese crullers!), but it's their xiao long bao that can't be beat. Worth inevitably burning your tongue for.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/16/2013,801,145,6,15,9>This is literally a hidden gem in the heart of Forest Hills, as it's subtly located in what one may assume as a basement floor or hole in the ground. If it weren't for the sign pointing downward, it would really be easy to miss.The first thing I noticed when I sat down was the staff actually speaking in Japanese, which is so rare for any Japanese restaurant or sushi bar located in Queens. I told my mom that this place must really be legit!So through the recommendation of fellow yelpers, we ordered the "marilyn MONROLL" along with a rainbow roll and an order of scallop sushi. The first thing I ate was the scallop sushi, and man was I blown away! Never in my whole history of eating sushi have I tasted anything as fresh. The texture was soft and melted in my mouth like butter. Next, I tasted the marilyn monroll, OHMYGOSH! sooo good! The rainbow roll was so good as well, since the assortment of fish was so fresh. I'm tasting sushi and maki like I've never tasted before, SU-PER FRESH!Well it wasn't hard to convince my mom to come here again since she was sold by the freshness of the marilyn monroll and rainbow roll. The only obstacle to come here any sooner is the fact that it's quite pricey, but nonetheless, it's so worth the wait.Thank you Chef Yasu for introducing me to the best and freshest sushi and maki I've ever tasted in my life! Expect my loyal patronage!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,1/15/2013,26,140,6,7,6>I'm disappointed I haven't come here sooner being that I have lived in Queens for a long time now.  Nick's bistro is a small greek restaurant on the corner that has an extremely friendly server Jerry who will make you feel right at home.There is a small bar that covers one corner, and small tables everywhere else.  Nick's has a full-service bar that can prepare any drink you desire.  I came and shared a few appetizers and everything was delicious.  You MUST try the greek style mussels in the red sauce.  The sauce is perfectly made and the mussels come surrounded with pita that have to be dipped into the sauce.I also shared the crab cakes and calamari, and although both appetizers hit my spot, there was not really anything that separated them distinctly from other restaurants' preparations.  Lastly, I had the stuffed mushroom that was so big, I had to take home leftovers for lunch the next day.If you live in the area this place is a must-go.  You should come hungry, because you will leave full and content!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,1/14/2013,149,276,5,7,6>For my 100th review, I was thinking of a place that was good, not extravagant and I often visit. This is a local spot for me and I go at least once or twice a week. I have brought friends and colleagues which also agree good food in a nice spot. The main reason I like it so much is it covers most of the food groups like meats, grains and vegetables, hey they sometimes even have slices of oranges for the fruit portion and you can buy Acai juice there, but I being a Carnivore Lover go for the meat. The Brazilian Churrascaria isn't table service like some other restaurants, this is a casual buffet like atmosphere. You wait on line and choose what goes in your plate from the bins of buffet food (rice, beans, fries, marinated meats with gravy, yucca, fried pork, plantains, salads) then when you get to the racks of BBQ meat select sausage, hearts, cheap rib eye, flank steak and chicken (sometimes with bacon). Waiting on line seems better before lunch or after on the weekdays. The place is packed and line fills up the little area where the food is on the weekends. Actually it use to be better and more popular couple years ago until they changed management or staff, though the food seems the same or similar, maybe the popularity toned down a bit. The food is not spectacular but very good. It really depends, sometimes I have had the BBQ meat a bit on the chewy side and other times, I just giggle with satisfaction. I think some of the photos by Nga C. and Wilkie J. show a very good description of the food you're getting. It is priced based by the pound on what's on your plate (approximately $7-$8 a pound for meat and buffet - don't quote me on that), just meat might be pricier, meat and salad, meat and buffet, just buffet or just salad (cheaper by the pound). I think this place is above three stars and only slightly below four stars, if maybe they improved the decor, food and basic seating instead of such a random/average seating arrangement just a little bit I see way more potential than a local Churrascaria, but that's why I like it: basic. Copacabana is a simple, not an overrated, good quality and priced Churrascaria. The staff seem friendly enough and the bathroom is clean as it can be for it's popularity.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/5/2013,628,678,23,26,24>For the purposes of statistical reliability - VERILY, IN THE NAME OF SCIENCE - I had to come to Kyedong repeatedly over a short period of time to confirm its awesomeness.This tiny space is humbler than other Korean fried chicken places, but packed on the days and times you'd expect. On a Saturday night once, I was actually directed to their sister location (Kono) a few blocks south, since the Kyedong staff determined that one of the 7 tables opening up was too much to hope for. No, they don't have a stocked bar like BonChon, or the cheery-mod interior of KyoChon, or the extensive non-chicken menu of Mad for Chicken. ...But you know what? They've got chicken. Plentiful, inexpensive, and excellent chicken. Isn't that what we're here for?You know about Korean fried chicken, right? Chicken coated in a sticky, garlicky glaze that hardens into a thin shell that magically replaces the skin? It is soooo perfect here. Big, hot, juicy, somewhat more conservatively glazed. Not tiny (ahem, K-town KyoChon). Not burnt (ahem, K-town BonChon). Not cold (ahem, Flushing KyoChon). Not dry (ahem, 2nd Ave BonChon).The coating on Kyedong's chicken is a little lighter than how most others make it: still delightfully crisp, but thinner and not as sweet or salty. For how well the chicken is prepared, the less assertive flavors are a good choice. I mean, would you rather have Doritos or a really good tortilla chip? (Don't answer that.) Likewise, Kyedong's "spicy" is not very spicy. You usually do half soy garlic and half spicy? Opt for all spicy here.Platters arrive with your chosen chicken parts arranged in a random frying pan. The pan is carpeted with french fries, in case the dopamine assault on your brain heretofore wasn't enough. Time for a PSA: Weeks ago, a couple who left after we were seated left most of their food on the table, uneaten: pork belly, an entire plate of kimchi, a pile of chicken. I was hoping some intrepid waiter would secret it away in his bus tub, but nope! In with the trash it went! Let me be honest: I wanted to punch them both. WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE??? To everyone: If you still have massive quantities of untouched food remaining, wrap it up! Take it somewhere! Eat it later! Give it to ANYONE! Don't just pick cutely at it... UGH SHIT LIKE THAT MAKES ME SO ANGRY.....Anyway, Kyedong is awesome on multiple fronts - most importantly, the quality of the chicken - and has rocketed to the top of my KFC list despite its limited menu. Go there; revel and luxuriate. Just don't be an anal sphincter (technical term, duh) and waste great food.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,6/4/2013,188,156,10,10,11>Pots of boiling cheese infront of me?...Spicy cheese pots? mediterranean cheese that is mixed with beer?! Bread & veggies to dip?Followed by multiple pots of melted dark & milk chocolates surrounding me?...AND marshmallows to roast?    Am i dreaming? Nope i'm in melted food heaven! I love fondue places  because  i love chocolate & cheese. Fruits dipped in chocolate might be one of the best guilty pleasures ever!But seriously this simply fondue location is great for one main reason. it's literally 50% less crowded then any other melting pot or simply fondue in the area. Probably because it's located in the Atlas Park Mall and a bit hidden. Hopefully after i say this people won't go flocking to this location and ruin all the fun.        My friend was really happy she chose this location for her birthday, we had a private room for 10 people and they even asked if we would like to come early and decorate it. How cute! The hostess who secured the reservation for us could not have been more friendly and our waiter Justin was very helpful thoughout the night. He brought us extras of anything we wanted to dip and checked in with us just the right amount without being overbearing. They even made a nice little plate specially for the birthday girl, it was a great night!The only reason i wouldnt give Simply fondue 5 stars is because they're lacking many food options. Their cheese selection is really limited and the combo's arent that great, the meditterean cheese pot was lacking flavor and a bit bland for my taste. I like sharp cheese and they offer only basic things like cheddar combinations.   I also wish they had more dark chocolate combos for dessert, mostly all of the combos included white chocolate or milk.Favorites: Campfire fondue: Basically milk chocolate but they flame it for you and you can roast mashmallows! So much fun with a group Kalhua heath krunch: The Favorite among everyone in our group! Fudge brownie Mix- Really was like licking the brownie bowl, yum!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,6/3/2013,366,339,11,9,11>I must've been delirious from all that high altitude hiking earlier in the day, but I came in here, sat down, and I ordered a salad! Whoops! that wasn't the plan. I was ready for their heart-stopping thick-ass pub burger with extra cheese, extra bacon, and extra greasey juice. Yum!!!!Well it turns out that when you're on some sorta high, each next decision builds upon your previous one. I was building on a theme there. I guess hiking got me so excited, I wanted to taste it in my mouth. Now, if I had saw a cow during my hike, I may have opted for the pub burger. Alas, no cow sighting during my hike. Although there was no chicken sighting either, but that didn't stop me from topping my salad with chicken. The waitress lady winking at me helped that decision a lot (good job on that upsell Stacey).Truth be told though, I didn't really choose the salad. The salad chose me. I remember asking quite a few foodies in my past dining adventures, "what's your favorite vegetable?" And, on an alarming number of occasions the response I received was something that I have never tried before, roasted beets. I just saw it on the first page, and I didn't want to look any further into the menu. It was a Roasted Beets Carpacio Salad with baby greens, red onions, goat cheese, and toasted almonds tossed in a balsamic viniagrette. It was an amazing salad. The beets had a woodsy note to them, almost like wild mushrooms. But, then they are juicy too (think cranberry sauce), so they offset the texture from the grilled chicken. The different textures really melded well together. There was the dry leafy greens drizzled with the tart viniagrette dressing, woodsy & juicy beets offsetting & complementing the lean grilled chicken, crunchy almonds, crunchy red onions, and soft smearably crumbly goat cheese. And, then of course, with each bite, you can mix up those flavor and texture profiles as you like by how you combine them. Ingenius! It was pretty too. It looked like a christmas tree in my bowl (with grilled chicken as ornaments).I came here with some peeps, enjoyed some good brews and a great eating experience through a wonderfully designed salad.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/2/2013,173,244,9,11,11>As I enter Zabb Elee I'm greeted by the faint but noticeable smell of fish sauce; immediately I'm transported back to Bangkok.  'Sawadee Krap' is followed by 'Sawadee Kaaaaaa' and it feels like Chiang Mai.  The Northern Esan food they serve here is as authentic and often better than the food I've eaten in Thailand, especially the Sam Tom, which is a real thing of beauty.  My mild Thai obsession is always satiated by the amazing, complex, inexpensive food served at Zabb Elee.Thai food is an aggressive and exhilarating assault on the tongue.  Each dish seeks a balance of sweet, salty, bitter, spicy and umami.  There are no "appetizers" or "entrees", most dishes are medium size, enough to share, which is very Thai and always comforting.  Try and order a good balance of hot and cold, spicy and mild, oily and dry, saucy or not.  Use your fork to pile food onto your spoon and enjoy Thai style.I've tried to eat my way across the menu and have succeeded in trying most options.  My favorite food in the world (at least as of this review...) is Som Tam.  The spicy green papaya salad served with crunchy peanuts, pork rinds and bathed in a bright acidy sauce with lime, a few sweet elements and fish sauce, ordered as spicy as you like it.  In Thailand I found this dish to be underwhelming no matter where I had it.  Here it's a magnificent 'salad', which should really be eaten with Khao Neow (Sticky Rice) to soak up the remaining lime dressing.  The portion is huge, the price is small, sharing this with friends and family is a real pleasure.  A recent special was Strawberry Som Tam, which was a bit sweeter but delicious.  Never thought I'd eat let along absolutely love strawberries with fish sauce, pork rinds, peanuts, and other savory bits, but they complement each other perfectly.Aside from the Som Tam, my favorite dish here is the Dark Noodle Soup with Beef.  It's a version I assume of Boat Noodles, beautifully thickened with pork blood.  Tangy, rich, luscious mouth feel, and served with the traditional Thai sides allowing the eater to adjust the level of spicy, sweet or fish sauce to their own palate.  Highly recommended dish.  The beef is much more tender than the pork version, and I prefer this dish with the wide noodles.Esan food is spicy and somewhat simple compared to different regions, but the food is every bit as interesting and the flavors as intense.  Esan cuisine does not offer many curry dishes, so neither does Zabb Elee, but recently their Green Chicken Curry special was excellent and enjoyed by all at my table.  My wife claims the Pad Thai to be the best she has ever had, including the famous (infamous?) version on the street in Khao San Road in Bangkok, but frankly I find it too sweet.  They are a bit heavy with the tamarind, perhaps reflecting the American palate.There is another Thai place 6 blocks south that is much bigger and more popular, and while I find their food amazing, the vibe and service is always lacking.  It is true that in Thailand once they drop your food off, they don't often return to ask how you are doing, and they are not very attentive to empty water glasses.  Some of that is true at Zabb Elee as well, but they are markedly more friendly and patient.Each day they seem to have a different dessert.  I'm partial to the Durian over sticky rice, but aside from the first time I visited Zabb Elee, I have yet to be offered it again.  The braised Bananas or pumpkin in coconut milk is another excellent choice, but I'd avoid the shaved ice dessert, it's a bit medicinal.Bring your friends and over-order, the food is just as good the next day.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/1/2013,180,152,6,7,5>Now where do I BEGIN with this place? There are so many things about this place that it gets done right. I live only a couple blocks from this place and I can't believe that it's taken this long to discover it! It was my friend's birthday so we had a party of about 10 people come out a little bit early to enjoy the happy hour and then get dinner together.First of all, the decor. Wow, this place just feels like a European discoteque or something. There are huge glass chandeliers everywhere, giant booths with comfortable couches, and a massive dance floor big enough to fit a hundred people comfortably. There is a clubby feel to the atmosphere, which I liked. I didn't like the weird, neon light lighting though because everything becomes a weird blue or pink tint... The happy hour special for Wednesday was the 2 for 1 deal on select cocktails. Just to watch out on this one, if you order a drink, they give you two of the same drink right away, so make sure you order with a friend and go halfsies so you don't end up with too many drinks on the table. I had the Coquitini, this guava juice with champagne drink, and another one with tamarind juice. I thought the Coquitini was the best. It was milky and creamy with just the right amount of cinnamon. The other two were good, but I'd definitely stick with the Coquitini. Each one is $11, but with the deal, you get two so I'd def suggest it!Wow, the dinner is amazing! First off, the foursquare deal! You get a free drink (wine or sangria I believe) when you check in! The sangria was slightly more bitter than I'm used to, but who doesn't like a free drink? The food, omg, is phenomenal. The menu is pretty vast and it's not the cheapest food in the world (ranges from $15-$40), but considering how much food they do give you, their food is a steal! I ordered the Roast Pork on recommendation from my friend and I received a plate of pork that has to be the biggest hunk of meat I've ever seen served at a restaurant! It was quite literally the size of my face (and I have a huge head). I cut out a slice for everyone at the table, and still what was left was the biggest piece of meat I've eaten. It wasn't just quantity though - the pork skin was soft and fatty, while the meat was moist and not at all dry. The combination of the hard and soft meats of the pork, mixed with the excellent seasoning and sauce, made this an unforgettable meal. My friends ordered many other dishes that were equally ridiculously ginormous and delicious. If you are into large portions, this is the place for you. But be warned, splitting a plate costs an additional $10, so I would recommend just getting your own food and getting a doggy bag. We didn't know, so when they overcharged us, we asked them if they could let us off, and they did! So the least I could do is repay them with a 5 star rating here. It was clearly marked in the menu but we had no idea that it was there, so they were really generous! They also gave us free coquitini shots (wooo!) and free dessert for our birthday boy. It was tres leche cake and it was delicious!This place is on my radar now and I will not fail to frequent it!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/31/2013,241,315,11,11,11>Taiwanese comfort food done right. Admittedly this is Flushing so competition is a-plenty and I know very little about Taiwanese foods, but having been to my fair share of Taiwanese places (like Gu Xiang) I will say 66 is one of the best.A few forewords:1) This place speaks Mandarin. The menu has English but the waitress' English are very limited.2) The decor is not impressive. Hell, there's barely any decor at all. But then why would you go to a Flushing place for the decor you weirdo.3) Place looked a bit dirty. But I'm giving 4 stars for the food alone. That's right. Setting precedence for myself here.Gua bao. Everyone loves it. Pork belly in mantao. Anyone who has been to Momofuku (which by the way is derived from the word "motherfker" - real story) knows about it. Baohaus embellishes it with every other imaginable ingredient. But man, the gua bao at the 66 is *the* shit. The pork... half skinny and half just pure fat is what Chinese people are famiarized with. And its so, so, filling. JESUS! You hate cilantro? You won't after this. Oyster pancake - Move over pajun. You don't need to pay an arm and a leg to have this at a Korean restaurant. The oyster pancake was bursting with seafood freshness. Oily, filling, just the way I like it. For those who prefer a crisp and non oily version, I'm done with you.Pork chop over rice - Everyone in our party wanted it. So we asked for an entire huge bowl of it to share and got individual bowls of rice. This is what I'm talking about. The perfect crispy and flavorful skin leading way into the juicy meats. The bite sensation just separates it from the rest. Depending on my mood, better than sex.One thing did stink though. Oh you guessed it - stinky tofu. Might as well lose your stink tofu virginity here kids. Even though its not exactly the best, but whats a better time to have authentic stinky tofu than with all these other great dishes?If you know Chinese, the waitresses can be a hoot. But that's basically the gist for service in every Chinese restaurant. Whether you're a newbie to Taiwanese cuisine or a seasoned veteran searching for your favorite childhood eats that nai nai made, do give 66 a try.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/30/2013,149,122,9,12,8>My new favorite movie theater in all of Queens, Manhattan, LI, where ever! I'll not be going anywhere else again. I hope they always play all the movies I want to see! ^^The new renovations here are amazing. Wide, super comfy, fully reclining red leather seats. It's aesthetically pleasing to your eye and kind to your bum (especially if you were watching an uber long movie like Les Miserables as we were). The only negative I see is that it's so comfortable that if someone were not adequately entertained by the movie, he/she may fall asleep (as both people next to us did at different points throughout the movie). Hopefully that person is not a snorer (one was, one was not). Bring a small bag, unless you are comfortable putting it on the floor... But the seat reclines, so would it you place in under the recliner? IDK. I had my huge bag next to me so I felt like I sharing my seat with a small child (it was a really big bag). And wear comfortable shoes! I was wearing knee high boots that I was dying to take off. (I did not. That's just nasty.) One of the best things is that it's assigned seating. No more coming super early to nab the best seats or the whole "you grab seats and I'll get the popcorn" debacle. AMC, two thumbs up!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,5/29/2013,167,240,9,15,13>I hate going to Flushing, but Nan Xiang makes it worthwhile. Nan Xiang has changed over the years. From a small restaurant with the capacity fill for maybe 40, to acquiring the space next door, and then expanding even bigger. But one thing hasn't changed. And it is the quality of their food. Whenever I'm here, I always order the same things. The pork soup dumplings or the crab ones (depending on who I'm with) and the pork w/ preserved veggies noodle soup. Both never fails to satisfy me. The soup juice from the dumplings is very clean and love the fatty bits that the filling adds to it. The filling itself is very flavorful. The noodles always taste fresh - is it freshly pulled? Wish I had some dumplings and noodles right now.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/28/2013,364,373,10,16,15>Singlecut Beersmiths is a Home Run. This place is awesome. Review over, just get your ass here.A few weeks ago I was just surfing new businesses on Yelp when I came across Singlecut Beersmiths, a brewery in Astoria, no way; yes way, I am there. I am a strong supporter of local business and with beer being the product, well let me say that I will support every day.As I walked in, I felt I was at home. I just felt welcome, special and appreciated. The brewery had the feel and look of something good was happening; good beer being brewed. The brewery was very inviting with 6 communal tables that accommodate 10 fans each. A bar with 10 or so seats was on your left and a back bar where all the tasty beers are served. A band stand high above the crowd was cool across from the bar.Singlecut Beersmiths has five year round beers:Olympic White Larger - ABV 5.2%Queens Larger - ABV 5.4%Mahogany Ale - ABV 6.0%18 Watt IPA Billy - ABV 5.0%Half Stack IPA Billy - ABV 6.6%Now to critique beer from a brewery is very personal. Not everyone will like everything, but some beers stand out better than others. With this said I enjoy the brewery experience. The passion that employees and ownership have for their product, is no different from a parent has for their child. They are proud to serve their beers.I am a big fan of IPA's for their distinct taste. It has a full body with that hop and bitter taste. They are well balanced and I just find them tasty. The Billy IPA Half Stack does not disappoint. It was just delicious. The beer was served a bit cold, but as you let it open up, the flavors will come out. It has a nice finish and you can have more than one easily.Overall, this brewery is awesome. Plenty of space to chill and enjoy some delicious beer. The music is at the right level and they play records. Yes records with that crisp sound. I enjoy the brewery experience for various reasons, but to have one 3 miles away in my hood, outstanding. Singlecut Beersmiths is doing things right and I will support their Tap Room. Their beers are good and tasty. Good job Singlecut Beersmiths.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/27/2013,458,267,6,9,8>Dani's probably has my favorite pizza in the general area next to Nick's.We practically lived here from 2004-2008, but I got tired of the crowds of drones who have nothing better to do on any given night. The place is small and not really conducive to 20 people waiting in line for the smallish dining room. Annoying people aside, the food is very good, and like I said I love the pizza. The real highlight of this place is Jessica in the dining room. She makes every visit an absolute pleasure once you're in and seated. But once again, you know I don't do lines and crowds, and the popularity of this place got to be too much for me, which is why you'll usually find us at Acquista Trattoria. But I'm still happy to pop in to Dani's from time to time and pick up a pie to go.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,4/23/2014,70,88,5,12,7>Oh Watawa,I love you.Finally stumbled across Watawa one day.  My girlfriend and I kept passing it having no idea what the heck it was.  We finally grew up enough courage to take a look and what do you know? Sushi, our favorite!Food:Yummy and delicious.  We consistently get the Hamachi Kama (yellow tail neck) which we love.  The rolls are great.  Lots of variety and all have a good flavor.  The tempura is also good with a nice, light, panko breading.Service:A+, food is always served in a timely manner and with a smile.  The staff is friendly and have never encountered an issue (we've been there multiple times).Atmosphere:Love it! It's dimly lit with music and very comfortable. There is a buddha and "pond" in the back which people have the option to sit around.  Noise level is moderate, but I have never felt like I had trouble hearing my dinner partner.We love this place.  It has really become our go-to sushi place in Queens and we will definitely be back.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/22/2014,94,175,9,13,9>THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.  Warning: Food porn descriptions ahead. On a Friday night when I was too lazy to cook (what else is new), I had a hankering for a gyro. Heard about this place and decided to try delivery. OMG....first off, gyros are CHEAP....like $6 for a fat, stuffed pita. The balance was perfection...meat was moist, and just enough tzatziki but not too much to make the bread soggy. These guys are practically scientists. Also got an order of the greek fries which made me practically ecstatic - seasoned with oregano and dunked with feta cheese, they were the perfect side to stick in the gyro, which put that shiz over the top. I had my honeymoon in Greece, and the gyros were (one of) the best parts to the trip, as far as my mouth was concerned. These gyros remind me of the authentic greek ones, which is the ultimate compliment. The lovely folks at BZ grill also threw in a free yogurt, which was very sweet: panacota blended with cherry preserves and honey. Consider me obsessed, as I add BZ to my top take-out options.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,4/21/2014,16,83,12,19,11>I'm sorry, waiter who I betrayed... Dropped by on a Friday around 6pm with two Chinese  friends who had absolutely zero experience with any Latin American food, and were perhaps a bit suspicious of the possibility of it being good. Parking was pretty difficult, but we managed to find a spot near a school just southeast of the restaurant and walked over. Restaurant is just off Roosevelt and quite easy to find.Interior is a nice family type of joint. Lots of photos on the wall and carvings of different Latin American countries. Bunch of waiters in uniform standing next to the bar as we walked in... and that was pretty much it. Worrying! Before your food arrived, however, the place was packed with families. A very friendly waiter arrived at our table pretty quickly and was there at a moment's notice when we needed help (which we did). The waiter was REALLY friendly and I felt absolutely horrible when I looked up and another waiter approached and helped us instead of him... Darn my bad timing. We were pleasantly surprised when we found out that each entree came with two sides. We had, as staunch patriots of Fa la sheng (Flushing), home of cheap eats, grimaced at the prices of $12-14 for most entrees, but 2 free sides made it more than worth it! I had really wanted to try the Ropa Vieja but neither of my dining companions were big fans of tomato sauces. SO, next time! We ended up not even getting three entrees.. lucky us! Chorizo appetizer was good. It wasn't similar to chorizos I've had in the past, being relatively unspicy, but it was good. 3.5/5The stuffed cassava was actually quite well liked at our table. It's basically potato fried with a little bit of meat (croquette), but split among the three, it was enough to sate our appetite until the entrees arrived and the process of translating cassava into Mandarin was a fun one. 3.5/5The smoked pork... mmmmmm.. This was kind of ignored at first. One of my dining partners REALLY wanted to try it, but I'm not the biggest fan of large hunks of meat and apparently on this night, they weren't either. But once it was tasted, it disappeared pretty quickly. I'd definitely recommend it. It came pink in the middle so if you are like my family and the idea of pink pork disgusts you, make sure they know that. If you're normal, please enjoy! 4.5/5The Chicken .. Carrera? (Chicken on the run) was pretty damned good. The waiter (ever helpful) explained to us that it was "chicken that's made.. well, on the run.. Pretty quick with peppers and onions and olives. I think it's a real hidden gem on this menu." Boy, I'm not sure why it isn't more popular. The chicken was perfectly moist, the peppers were delicious and this disappeared damned quick. Once it was gone, the french fries were promptly dunked into it. And the fried yucca. And the rice. 4.75/5Sweet plantains were moist and sweet. I've had this dish several times and it's always been either too dry or too sweet. Not this time. Definitely get this as a side. 5/5I'm afraid we had no room for dessert, but not to worry. This will surely be updated soon when I bring my family to enjoy this spot. Definitely a new go-to.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/20/2014,324,115,10,14,12>I must visit Astoria pizza about 4-6 times a month. Every time I have visited, the service has been quick and the pizza hot/flavorful. The overall appearance from the outside and in, isn't anything impressive...heck it's a bit depressing haha. Also, although the service is quick, I will agree with some other Yelpers that the employees aren't up for any awards for personality/friendliness either! What matters to me in the end though, is their cheese and their pepperoni slices. After trying all of the other pizzerias from 28th street to 45th street on 30th avenue, Astoria Pizza (aka Halal Pizza) is by far the landslide winner! This very unassuming and small hole in the wall of a place dishes out some quality pizza. The sauce is flavorful and not overly sweet and/or runny, there's just the right amount of cheese, and the crust is moderately thin and has a bit of a crunch. Also, let me clarify, I've had Astoria Pizza late at night while drunk off my ass, AND dead sober during the week, and I still thought it was the best! Finally, does it pass the "fold test" ultimately??....meaning, does it fold well and not become a runny and disgusting mess that drips all over your plate/hands??Absolutely passes with flying colors! The entire pizza stays intact from the first to the last bite. Now ask yourself this: when have you had a great slice of pizza that doesn't pass at least the "fold test"?? "Fuget-About-It"!!So overall, I'm not saying it's the best pizza in NYC, but it's definitely the best pizza in this area in my opinion. I absolutely recommend this place to all of my fellow Yelpers!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,4/19/2014,211,584,6,9,10>Never thought I'd say this about a tattoo parlor, but after our recent trip to this shop, I'm glad to have the Ridgewood Tattoo Studio in our neighborhood. After Rusty booked an appointment, I recently watched Eric work on his octopus tattoo for several hours.What he easily could have shrugged off as a casual retouch of an already started tattoo, Eric instead poured over 9 hours of extremely hard work into this awesome piece.Honestly, I loved this piece prior to Rusty having it reworked and previously encouraged him not to have it touched up. However, Eric did such a fantastic job on all of the details (defining the tentacles, doing a lot of free-hand work to extend and perfect the existing design), that it made me really happy that we waited all of these years to get the work completed.Eric did not rush any aspect of the tattoo and although he wasn't a chatty cathy, he just seemed like a really nice guy that had a lot of cool interests and background. In addition to obviously being a master tattoo artist, he's also got great taste in music!Rusty and I have visited a lot of tattoo parlors together, and honestly, few of them ever seem welcoming to me. I feel the opposite way about the Ridgewood Tattoo Studio. Eric is an exceptional artist that goes out of his way to do a job that you'll love and that he'll be proud of as well. I wish more tattoo shops and artists were like this (I'd probably have more tattoos)!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/18/2014,87,122,6,11,7>*Walrus clap* I love this place! Everything was great.  I came here for dinner last night with my boyfriend and we left happy with the service and happier with our meal.The restaurant is small but very nice nonetheless.  It's very intimate, feels a little old school, and definitely romantic.  I mean, listen, they were setting the mood, they had smooth jazz playing in the background and you know, romantic it was.  I heard a few Sade songs and I LOVE Sade so I was happy with the ambience in its entirety.Staff are very professional and attentive.  Our waiter was kind enough to sell us a bottle of Moscato even though they're only supposed to sell it by the glass. Everyone who knows me knows I only get down with Moscato, so yay!  The Moscato was everything, perfect chill, smooth and sweet, it was yum! I have never been happier with a bottle of Moscato.We got started off with bruschetta.  It was interesting, the bread wasn't as toasted as I usually get bruschetta, it was a little soggy, but it was still delicious.  They must've used the freshest tomatoes in the world because oh, they were great.Now for the meals, our waiter took his time to tell us all the specials of the day...I had my heart set on red snapper the whole day, so...I wasn't going with the specials but oh well, it's nice he went through it thoroughly.  My boyfriend had a veal entree in brown sauce.  I don't like veal at all so I don't know how his dish was but my red snapper was absolutely delicious, I don't even know what to talk about, it was just perfect.Dessert oh dessert.  I had tartufo and my boyfriend had a chocolate mousse cake.  My boyfriend isn't big on desserts but he almost finished his whole cake which means it must've been great.  My tartufo was everything, hmm... I must try the tiramisu, I think they ran out and I'm sure I saw it on a pre-fixe menu but next time I come back, tiramisu I will have!  Yes, there will be a next time...well if I could steer my boyfriend away from the Sizzler's next door (Sizzler's still exists, shocking...).  You can't go wrong here, you absolutely can't.  The setting, the staff, the service, the food, everything is overly delightful.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,4/17/2014,115,200,10,13,13>Simple breakfast or a snack? You can get either with these made to order waffles at the new QQBee. Touting a cute bee mascot (not to be confused with jollibee) on their storefront, this tiny little waffle shack is located in the ameri-east mall on Main street right next to cha time. Their soft and chewy waffles encourage you to nom your way to the bottom of each individual wrapper. Each freshly made waffle comes out nice and warm and are drizzled in chocolate sauce and sprinkled with powdered sugar. They have original which is a vanilla flavor and also comes in a chocolate flavor. If you order a scoop of ice cream on top of your waffle it comes in a cool box and you can choose from fancy flavors like red bean and the nose-worthy durian flavor. Its a new stand so they are still working on their service but your best bet is ordering at the cashier and picking up at the window. Remember to ask for utensils because they sometimes forget. Right now their  grand opening special is buy 2 get 1 free. Definitely a good stop if you want a small bite with your bubble tea.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,4/16/2014,243,374,14,21,17>I was so excited the first time I stepped in here, I squeaked. I found Labneh! FYI: it is a Middle Eastern fresh cheese made with strained yogurt. One way to eat it is to spread it on a toast and drizzle it with honey.... Drool! Parrot Coffee specializes in Balkan and Mediterranean foods. I come here regularly for their coffee beans (not always the freshest though...), cheese, cured meats and random goodies. The spices they sell are of good quality and Parrot Coffee's prices are competitive. If you think the paprika powder you got at a regular supermarket works just fine, that is because you haven't tried the Hungarian ones they sell here.The staff here are always very pleasant and never give me weird looks for lurking around, reading the labels off every ethnic goods they have on the shelves. Or peeking into other people's purchases, because that's what any normal person would do when he/she is in a store that sells products not of his/her ethnicity, right?They are open until 10pm and accepts credit cards, with a minimum of $5.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,4/15/2014,105,226,4,13,8>I had an amazing 30th birthday dinner here with my boyfriend last night. The views, the food, drinks, service and the decor made it so special. I highly recommend Penthouse 808 for anyone looking for a fun special occasion venue. We're already planning a trip back soon with friends. First, we were struck by how gorgeous the view is. While the city views are spectacular, the Queensboro bridge provides such a cool atmosphere as well. We got to dinner early so we could take advantage of the happy hour specials. I had a delicious white sangria (it must've been a hybrid cocktail since it tasted more like a fruity mixed drink than the standard wine drink I'm used to) and it was STRONG. My boyfriend had a mojito which was also really delicious. Both were $5 (their happy hour features margs, mojitos, sangria, and some beers for $5 from 5-7, 7 nights a week). I would totally come here for happy hour again. After a couple drinks, we sat down for dinner. Our waiter was so sweet, and helped us take some photos of our special night in certain locations that he knew had beautiful views. We tried to sit outside, but after a few minutes, we realized it was getting chilly. With no fuss, they moved us inside the sunroof enclosure, which was warm and still had great views. We started with a couple sushi rolls. We both thought they were really fresh and tasty. For entrees, we got the steak frites, soba noodles with chicken, and we shared the wasabi mashed potatoes and the brussell sprouts. Everything was so tasty. The soba noodles taste a bit like lomein, but hey, who doesn't love some good, non greasy chinese food? Everything was cooked well, hot and delicious. The samarai fries have a bit of a kick to them! We ended our meal with the banana and chocolate spring rolls with chocolate ice cream. These were pretty yummy also. The dessert menu is probably the only thing that they could improve, since it seems to be somewhat uninspired and pretty boring. The manager kept coming over to us to make sure we were having a great time, and it was such a nice place, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/14/2014,317,220,5,9,6>I stumbled upon this hair salon walking past Starbucks and made a mental note to try it next time as I was in the search for a new barber after my current barber butchered my hair twice.  Later noticing my hair fully covering my ears, sticking out from the side, and itching on the back of my neck, I called in advance and scheduled an appointment for 7pm on the same day.  We spoke in Korean (the barber prefers Korean) so I cannot comment on her English speaking abilities, but she most likely could speak some english given her business is in a multiracial neighborhood and her sign is in English.The barber greeted me sincerely as I walked in 10 mins. late and she asked me to sit down right away.  Apparently she was waiting just for me, her last appointment of the day which made me feel quite special.  + stars.As I observed the surroundings, there was a cute little white dog wearing a green winter jacket, a grandma I believe is the mother of the barber, and a tv showing a Korean drama at a loud volume, probably to accommodate for the grandma's ears.  The dog was cute and added flavor to the barber shop.The barber asked me which style I wanted, and I informed her to trim slightly and keep the length the way it is.  She did just that.  She cut with precision using 2 scissors and a trimmer, and finished in roughly 15 mins.The total price was $20, but I gave her $25 because she did a fantastic job.  I was completely satisfied and will come again.  Perhaps I'll ask her dye my hair next time- sky blue.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,11/10/2014,236,311,17,23,24>Within this neighborhood, I hesitated I would be crazily thinking about foods others than the ones served at Salt & Fat. And that was the case until I tried the Grilled Tuna Toro kama at Takesushi. This piece of perfectly seasoned grilled fish will make you feel like eating the tastiest piece of pork belly. You could eat most of it with an spoon. It is that melting-in-your-mouth kind of amazing food. Except for the meat around the large bone which deserves its own mention. It reminds me to a fish "steak", grilled in the surface to make it crunchy, preserving a tender interior and extremely tasty. I can't get enough of this dish.Even if sushi and sashimi seems to attract most of clientele at first (and everyone should surely give it multiple tries), Takesushi offer also a wide variety of "everyday" Japanese dishes from tempura, udon and donburi among others. On the other hand, the rice, either on a side or their sushi rice is what I have feel to be their weakest point, at least under my point of view. But it does not matter much at the end. I get particularly delighted with their fish offering. Whether is sashimi and sushi or the aforementioned Toro kama together with the Grilled Spanish Mackerel, Tuna tartare, Monkfish liver or Octopus vinegar (Tako) the quality of the fish is beyond excellent. Cooked on a simple way to fully experience quality, but reaching perfection at the same time on the seasoning to enhance the flavor, Takesushis's account among the most enjoyable food all around, and not only in Sunnyside I would dare to say. Curious about this place, it happens that the owner is no joke about fish (findeatdrink.com/Index/R). He is been for over 35 years in the import-export fish industry in this area. It is no surprise that he surely knows the best to offer not only at the current location, but previously with equal success. Take a look: yelp.com/biz/takesushi-n. As we all know (or realize over time) "wisdom comes with age" ** and so it is in the kitchen. Service is friendly and charming. I love how nothing seems enough for them to please you. Even when due to lack of communication between them, mistakes happens, the house make it up for you. The times that I have get take out, you can have a seat while enjoying hot tea and water. Always an smile. The space is simply decorated, clean and bright and always buzzing on clientele, which I hope will continue in a similar way for the longest time. What if you are not in the neighborhood often? should you "bother" and make the trip?. Let me challenge you. Go, try (at least) the Toro Kama and tell me later if you still need an answer to such a question. ** intentionally ignoring what is certainly truth as well by Oscar Wilde "With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone"
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,11/9/2014,324,115,9,8,8>Let me start off by saying that I just moved here last year, and Whiz was the closest Dry Cleaners to me. I never read any of the reviews until now.I'm not going to say that the bad reviews are legitimate complaints or just blatant lies, and argue it in anyway. This is my opinion on Whiz, unbiased, and it goes a little something like this:Every time I have walked in, I am greeted by a very sweet middle aged woman. Is she an owner, a family member, just an employee? I don't know and nor do I really care. She's awesome!She takes my clothes, takes the time to examine what I have, counting along the way, and asks me any pertinent questions regarding their care/finish. Then she tells me a pick up date/time, and hands me a pink slip.I look at the rates clearly displayed to the right of the counter, and look at my bill. No extra charges of any kind for hangers, clips, starch, etc. No discrepancies what so ever.Two days later, I pick up all of my dry cleaning, find nothing missing and everything cleaned extremely well. For over a year now, this is how EVERY one of my experiences with Whiz French Cleaners have been. I have found nothing wrong or out of the ordinary. I highly recommend to my fellow Yelpers / neighbors!Things to Note:- At $2.50 a shirt, they're definitely one of the cheapest in town, but do a fantastic job cleaning them as well- Cash Only- All cleaning done on location- Closed Sunday- Tailor Available
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,11/8/2014,104,231,5,8,7>I've been there twice and both times the food was good and plentiful.I'm guessing this restaurant is relatively unknown right now since the 2x's we went on a Friday evening at 7p and there were only 2 other tables or less of diners when we arrived. As much as I would like to keep this hidden gem to myself, I also want to spread the word so they stay in business!The waitstaff are young but so friendly and so courteous. We had dinner with our rambunctious 16 month old child and they were always accommodating with our requests for extra bowls, napkins and high chair. I try my best to clean up after her but she is at a stage where a quarter of her meal usually winds up on the ground or in her seat.The servers are pretty good at describing the dishes and making general recommendations which is very helpful when trying new ethnic cuisines. If you are coming with a group, the meat lovers dish is great for sharing. It comes with about 5 different kabobs and a GINORMOUS platter of rice. They even let us customize the kabobs and rice. We definitely prefer their lamb over the beef. This dish is probably good for 3-4 people. The kabobs are very well seasoned and flavorful. Everything we have tried so far has been very moist and not dried out which can often be the case with grilled meats. Entrees come with a salad, choice of rice and roasted tomatoes and thinly sliced onions. The salad is simple but very delicious with their yogurt dressing. My hubby likes to douse the rest of his food with the dressing as it adds a nice tang to contrast with the other spices and flavors. The 2 different table sauces are also very good. Not exactly sure what they are except that one is red and the other green.On our last visit we figured we would give dessert a try. We got the baklava and pistachio ice cream. The baklava was okay. Not very big for $6. The pistachio ice cream was not your typical pistachio. It was actually a cream color -- a plus that it doesn't have food coloring and had a decent amount of mint mixed it. I wasn't really a fan of the texture or flavor. Both would be a pass for me in the future and I would have rather not finished the meal on a down note. Even still, this is a great little restaurant and will be on our list of neighborhood good eats.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,11/7/2014,458,267,9,12,10>This is a cool bar/restaurant. I had been meaning to check it out for quite some time and finally got around to it. Overall it's very nice and cozy, and the location is convenient. As you all know I hate lines, traffic, having to look for parking, etc. So a place like this that's local and not in a "trendy" area already appeals to me. I had the marinated hanger steak which was very good, Noemi had the kobe sliders which were awesome, and my mother had a pretty damn good burger. Lots of beers, both bottles and taps, full bar and they even have rum/congiac concoctions that they age themselves in their own barrels. And of course, the service was great. Definitely a place I'll be coming back to more often, a new fan!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,11/6/2014,21,72,5,5,6>I always think that froyo places are overrated, but believe me when I say Fresk'o is not one of them. I tend to load up my cup with froyo and toppings galore, and am left with a melted mess at the end because one, it isn't frozen to begin with, and two, I can't finish it. At Fresk'o the froyo was so good that I actually finished my cup for once! I had the Nutella froyo with another flavor that I can't seem to recall. So yummy!It's trendy, it's clean, they have a great variety and the froyo is the best compared to Mama's, 16 Handles and whatever else froyo place I've been to on 30th Ave. And the fact that they filmed OITNB there?! Definitely my new favorite place!Orange is the new black and froyo is the new ice cream. Gus, I completely agree with you!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,11/5/2014,167,240,6,11,10>Ever since I moved into the area, I've heard great things about Nick's and I finally had a chance to try it. We arrived at 8:30 on a Monday night. They close at 9:30 so we didn't expect the wait, but there were already 2 parties ahead of us. Luckily, the wait wasn't long (15 minutes). Opting to skip the salads, we went straight to the pizza and ordered a white pie with sun-dried tomatoes and spinach and a red pie with sausage and mushrooms. The white pie blew me away. It was abundant with a mixture of ricotta and mozzarella, topped with sun-dried tomatoes, an enormous pile of spinach, and basil. The combination was perfect. The red pie was also very good, but with the addition of the tomato sauce the cheesiness didn't compare to the white. The crust of both pizza was exactly how I like pizza - thin and crispy. It's great to have neighborhood pizza spot with such high caliber quality pizzas. I'll definitely return.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,11/4/2014,219,1009,10,11,11>In the middle of nowhere, with 7 tables, about 20 seats(?), and most likely a long wait outside the door (most likely in the freezing cold for dramatic effects)... is it worth it? YES. We came here last night at around 10:30PM and still had to wait. The kitchen closes at 11PM. We waited outside in the cold and perused the menu illuminated by my cell phone. We knew what we wanted. Finally, we sat down and ordered. Mismatched tables, random looking chairs. An old antique looking lunch box on the wall. START WITH: Crab chips $2 -- they're like huge shrimp chips but with their seasoning on them, so addicting!! MUST GET. Vietnamese coffee $2 -- comes hot or iced. Crab spring rolls $9.5 -- with real pieces of crab inside, wrapped with glass noodles and carrots, special fish sauce on the side. Grilled lemongrass black angus short ribs $16 -- with vermicelli, shiso, peanuts. Their vermicelli is different from ones at real Vietnamese places, but I actually liked theirs better! You pour the fish sauce over the dish and it magically becomes a taste like no other. Cha ca la vong $15 -- let me translate -- BEST FLOUNDER EVER. It's just a light coating of crispiness on the outside, and extremely tasty. It's also on a bed of vermicelli like the short ribs, and with the fish sauce the dish comes alive. MUST GET. Garlic tomato fried rice $5 -- being a side dish, it comes out in a bowl shape that LOOKS small, but I was defeated. You can taste the garlic AND the tomato. Took that sh*t home. I can have it for lunch today!!! Finally, the coconut tapioca pudding $5 -- SO GOOD! Coconut, pieces of jack fruit and palm seeds... portion is a little small, but enough to satisfy your sweet tooth and wrap up the entire meal. MUST GET. They take credit cards.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/3/2014,275,34,17,24,22>I don't always watch Indian movies but when I do.... the experience consists of me crying at least 10 times in a timespan of 4 hours.We've been going to Bombay Theatre since I was 9 years old. YES 9 years old. I still remember watching my first Indian movie "hum saath saath hain". This theatre has definitely evolved over the years - waaaay cleaner and comfy seats.They always have english subtitles so NOT TO WORRY my non-brown friends. And its across the street from Bakhters - hello... grab some amazing food before/after.Like I said in my tip tickets are priced as follows: $5 tickets on Wednesdays, $7 on Sundays and $10 other days. Wednesdays the tickets do sometimes get sold out so get there early or buy them online - however each ticket has a fee to process it online. We went yesterday to see Punjab 1984, it was an amazing movie and experience. I highly recommend you all to go and watch it.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,11/2/2014,19,96,5,6,5>Korean Style Chicken with Ever Changing FlavorFood: 4 StarsWings should be your main goal when eating here, but you have a lot of options.The first appetizer I try at the majority of restaurants (that have it) are the mozzarella sticks. I don't know what they use for the breading, but it is a nice change from the standard mozzarella sticks you receive from other restaurants.The Mad for Fries is a meal itself. It is pretty good, but make sure you have a group of friends to split it with, because you will be full before you eat anything else.There are a multitude of options to choose from (wing/drumstick/boneless/combo). My recommendation is stick to the classics, wings and drumsticks. The soy garlic has a good flavor and the chicken is very moist (with the bone), but they recently changed the flavor. It is still good, but it isn't at the level it used to be. Of course, I am assuming that the flavor changed (either that or my flavor pallet changed considerably), but the majority of people I've spoken to believe the recipe has been changed in some manner.If you enjoy a good kick order the spicy. It isn't overpowering, but you will feel it after eating a few.The boneless breast has had a tendency to be dry every time a person in my party orders it, so I avoid altogether now. Drinks: 4 StarsThere is a wide variety of beers to choose from, but the iced tea is the biggest winner on the menu.My favorite flavor is pomegranate. It isn't blended perfectly, but the flavor is good and refreshing.Service: 4 StarsThe service (considering how busy it is), is pretty good the majority of the time. You will see more servers helping you with your needs during peak hours, but pre/post-rush hour service becomes a bit more lackadaisical.We had a hard time getting the attention of a server during our last visit, but I'm not going to let that change my overall views because of my previous experiences.Ambiance: 3.5 Stars (Will be higher after construction is complete)Mad for Chicken has gone through a lot of changes in the last few months. They are currently expanding (It may be completed by now as I ate there in August) and there was quite a bit construction noises in the background during my meal. Gone are the little TV's in the wall and the small walking space between the tables. Everything is a lot more crisp an open. The bar is spacious, the TV's are huge, refrigerated drinks are in an easy location for the employees to reach instead of being next directly behind one of the dining tables. Overall: 4 StarsOnce construction is completed I believe the restaurant will be very accommodating to all patrons and cut down waiting times significantly. The enlarged menu is another worry because it is 3-4 times larger than their original menu. It will be harder for the chefs to handle such a significant increase in dishes and a dining room that will have doubled in size.The recipe for the chicken has changed a handful of times, which worries me a little because the overall flavor of the chicken has dropped since I started eating here originally.It is (in my opinion) the best fried chicken in the area.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,11/1/2014,356,239,3,8,8>My boyfriend and I were very excited to try Queens Comfort, so excited we waited an hour to get in. The atmosphere is fun, and the decor inspired some new decorating ideas for our apartment. Who doesn't need a painting of a raccoon or an Elvis lamp!? There is a dj in the corner, and the crowd is distinctly trendy.They have exciting menu options such as oreo mini pancakes and creme brulee waffles. Basically, this is your diets worst nightmare. The prices are a little steeper than other brunch spots in Astoria, but you are paying for the playful brunch experience and the food.My farm house hash was awesome. I loved the pulled beef, seasoning, and the potatoes. My boyfriend enjoyed the Mexican Cola, but he found his chicken and waffle to be very average.  The donut looked amazing, but it did not live up to its appearance. We found it to be very "cake like" and lacking in strawberry/chocolate taste.Perhaps I am anti-social, but I found the seating incredibly cramped. While this may be fine for the beer garden or a bar, I would prefer a bit more space when having a leisurely brunch with my boyfriend. The groups definitely made out better with space. If you have a larger group you can get one of the nicer tables with a bit more space.They offer Harvey and Sons tea, and Stumptown Coffee for coffee drinkers. It is cash only and BYOB. Just embrace it.While the lively "line host" keeps everyone entertained with jokes and activities, we didn't feel the wait was worthwhile for brunch. I will return, but either really early for brunch or for a weekday dinner.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,7/2/2014,186,102,5,10,7>Our 15 year old cat, Bella, somehow injured one of her back legs yesterday.  She was limping pretty badly.  We decided to wait until morning to see if it improved, since she wasn't wincing or meowing when she stepped on the leg.  Unfortunately, the limp hadn't improved over night, so we decided to take her in to be seen.We adopted Bella from my husband's sister a few years ago, and we did yet not have a veterinarian for her in Astoria.  We checked Yelp for veterinarian's in the area, and decided on Steinway Court Veterinarian, due to the many 5-star reviews.  Their office opened at 8:30 this morning, but we were anxious, so we called a little early.  Not only did they pick up the phone before their business hours, but the woman who answered the phone was extremely friendly.  We asked if they saw walk-ins, and she told us we could come right in.  When we got there, she welcomed us in, and got the paperwork started right away. We were there by 9:00, and Bella was being seen by Dr. Glasser by 9:08.Bella is an extremely friendly, well-tempered old kitty, but she was very scared.  She hissed a lot, and did a good share of growling.  I was absolutely blown away by Dr. Glasser's "bedside manner."  He talked to Bella the whole time, telling her he understood that she was scared and hurting, but that everything was going to be ok.  He warned us that she might get pretty loud when he checks her leg, but that he was going to be very thorough.  His concern for our feelings made quite an impression on us.  Bella had no broken bones, so we are going to wait to see if it heals on it's own.  He did notice some problems with her eyes, and told us, after examining them, that she has retinal disease.  He explained everything very clearly to us, asked us several times if we had any questions, and never once made us feel bad for not having her in for a checkup before now.  In addition, his veterinary assistant was incredibly gentle and kind to Bella.I have never had such a fantastic experience at a veterinary clinic before.  We will definitely be taking Bella here for her routine checkups from now on.  I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Glasser and his staff to anyone with a pet.  His passion, care, and concern for animals is apparent and exceptional.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,7/1/2014,62,321,12,10,8>My wife and I walked past this place one night and it was devoid of life but for who I assume is the family that runs it sitting in the back looking forlornly toward the door, begging us with their eyes to enter. Sometimes in life you have to throw caution to the wind and judge a book by its cover. If we're not supposed to, as the cliche instructs, then what's the point of having book covers at all? Their very existence hinges on pertinently reflecting the content of the books they embrace. I mean, it's not as if you'd ever see a picture of Captain Ahab hunting a ham sandwich on the cover of Moby Dick now, would you? Though, to be fair, I think that would make for a far more interesting novel. So we did not enter that empty restaurant.But the vision of that huddled little Venezuelan family kept gnawing at my conscience. I finally gave in and ordered takeout. I tell you this culinary experience was like seeing a likeness of the Virgin Mary toasted into the bottom of your tortilla. Spiritual, surprising, thoroughly delicious and unmistakably South American. The Arepa Pabellon, veggie arepa, Pabellon Criollo and Pabellon de Pollo were all so incredible I wanted to run down the street to that little plaza storefront, fall to my knees, kiss their shoes and apologize in person for my hasty judgment. The stewed chicken and beef were impossibly tender and served up with a huge helping of sweet black beans, rice and creamy fried plantain. The veggie arepa was loaded with fresh avocado, black beans and plantain as well and perfectly accompanied by a tropical fruit salsa with heat that made my eyes water- though I may have been weeping for joy. The joy of having discovered this food. The joy that comes with knowing I had righted a terrible wrong. So please...I beg of you Yelpers...support this family. Support this restaurant and try this food. And for the love of god, will someone please write a sequel to Moby Dick featuring a ham sandwich.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/30/2014,55,102,6,9,6>This is my second review of a restaurant based on their chocolate chip cookie but I don't care. Sorry I'm not sorry! This chocolate chip cookie happens to be heavenly. Somehow 51st street bakery had nailed that elusive "levain" consistency- crispy crunchy on the outside, gooey and melty on the inside. It tastes different and is much smaller than a levain cookie but to me, just as good in its own right. Bravo to the chef who I think trained in France (it shows) for making one of the best cookies in NYC for an unheard of price of $1 each.I also tried the snicker doodle which also had a similar texture but I preferred the chocolate chip cookie since I'm a chocolate addict. Lastly I tried the cornbread which was good too but not sweet. I waited until I got home (the cookies did not survive the 10 minute walk to my apartment) and nuked it for 10 seconds with some honey butter on top and wow. This bread tastes so good warm and paired with a sweet butter. Overall I am so happy this much needed bakery opened in the neighborhood and wish the owners luck! I can't wait to go back and try their sandwiches, salads, croissants, and practically everything they make.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/29/2014,152,243,7,9,8>This review is only about Weekend Lunch Buffet: $16.16 per person. Wear your Thanksgiving pants! It's gonna be a pork-a-thon. If you're new to Filipino food this place could be a great introduction to Filipino food so you can sample many of the traditional foods of our country. First, how many buffets are there in the city? I really can't think of any, so plus one there. Two, a Filipino Buffet, never heard of such a thing! Plus two! The buffet is under $20 per person, OMG, really under $20 sometimes I can't even eat lunch for under $20, this place is heaven!Come one, come all, and most of all come hungry. Warning Filipino food can be fatty, so be ready with the heart burn medicine.The food is good, not the best but really good, on par with other Filipino restaurants and did I say it was a buffet!! The lechon, can be a little dry but put with some sauce with it. What is Lechon, you ask? It's a whole roasted pig, head and all! Usually I don't get this unless it's a huge party, so it's a huge treat for me to see it at the buffet line. The selection of food changes from time to time and it isn't labelled so have a veteran help you out if your new to Filipino food. FYI, for my peanut allergy people out there, there is one dish called Kare Kare that has peanut butter in it. Ask the servers to point it out to you, to prevent any unwanted attacks. Not the cleanest looking place, the floors are a little sticky but that's the charm. The country of the Philippines isn't a wealthy nation and thus our restaurant aren't super fancy and rightfully so. The restaurant and pastry shop downstairs correctly celebrate our culture. Go, Eat and Be Merrily Filipino for an hour or two!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,6/28/2014,104,231,5,8,6>First I need to preface my review by saying it is only based on a single experience dining here as a guest at a baby shower brunch.The host had a set menu that consisted of family style shared appetizers of: octopus salad, bulgar wheat salad, greek meatballs, smashed fries and a trio of dips platter with pita.  Everything was incredibly flavorful and fresh. I really had to control myself from devouring the entire plate of octopus. It had a nice chargrilled taste and was so tender you would not know you were eating something that could have the texture of a rubberband in the wrong hands. Good thing there was an overabundance of other dishes for the other guests to sample from so they didn't notice how much I was eating. I think i would have been pretty satisfied if that's all they served but there was more food to come. We had 4 dishes to choose from for our main course. I went with the grilled branzino filet. The fish was well prepared however the sauce was intensely garlicky and heavy. The dish could have used some acid to balance it all out but it was overall a delicious entree. I heard others really liked the dishes they ordered too.As for the shower, we were given a section on the second floor so it wasn't private at all but there was enough space for the group of about 25 ladies. They allowed us to decorate as we wanted to with some simple string garland, table flowers and tissue paper poufs. The servers were all very accommodating and professional. The only hiccup was that coffee took 30 mins to come out and it was only lukewarm so we had to wait a second time to get a new pot brought to us.I would definitely go back again.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,6/27/2014,287,270,10,12,9>As I write this review, my abs feel like they're about to burst and my legs feel like bricks have been implanted into my quads while I was sleeping. Now, to be clear, I have never had abs. I've never felt my abs. I've always been convinced that I should just give up on trying to attain them because clearly I am not genetically gifted in the abular department. But one day as I was avidly searching for a new gym that would actually help me increase muscle tone and burn fat, I found Sage Fitness (through Yelp of course), and decided to purchase the Yelp Deal and put it towards 1 month of unlimited classes.That was a month ago, and I can honestly say that I am first of all addicted to this gym, and secondly I am seeing a difference. No, I don't have abs yet, but I am starting to feel them, and I am starting to see the beginnings of definition in that region. I'm definitely feeling a lot trimmer and have lost a few pounds since I started regularly going, and that's without changing my diet at all. The trainers here are fantastic -- they're passionate about what they do, and they pay a lot of attention to form and make sure that you're working out safely. The fitness routines are always varied, and each day at the gym focuses on a different part of the body so that you can come every day and be getting a full-body workout through the week. In addition to all of this, the classes have a really great community feel to them that is unbeatable and really helps motivate you to get out of bed and go at 5:30 A.M.It is exceptionally easy to register for classes because of the free app that they have, and the trainers are always willing to dole out nutrition advice. They have classes both in the morning and at night, so you can always find something that works for your schedule.On February 1st they're starting a fitness challenge, which I'm super excited about, to motivate us to get in the best shape possible in the following 2 months. I can go on and on and on as an obsessed person can be prone to do, but I will stop here.TL; DR: JOIN THIS GYM.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,6/26/2014,188,156,7,12,9>Jambalaya mac and cheese?!?Could any cheese lover give up that offer?..... I think not.I'll tell you....it was GOOD. I mean REALLY GOOD. My thighs felt thicker after only the first bite but couldn't care less. No regrets. It might have been creamiest mac and cheese dish i've had in a long time plus it had bits of smoked sausage mixed in......arrrrgrgehhfsfffhsshsgh! Why doesnt "clean eating" ever taste this good? SugarFreak itself is an adorable addition to Astoria. Country chic meets hipster with comfy floral pillows, neon green drinks, boomboxes taped to the bathroom walls,dim lighting and ultra sweet service. I have to say, i kinda loved it? In addition to that, the food here is the definition of comfort.This place is basically fried food heaven. No diets or yoga namaste nonsense allowed. Health nuts will faint at the site of this menu but secretly will crave everything on it! I displayed some self-control and just stuck with my mac and cheese ( which was huge btw) while Matt got the jamalaya which was also good but a bit dry for me. We were jambalayed out by the end of our meal thats for sure. Next time that im being bad i'll have to get a fried chicken platter and be done with it.    We also ended up sampling some drinks while we were here. Fried foods and yummy cocktails are a dangerous combination people. The "swamp juice" for me ofcourse was the winner. Green and fruity and quite tasty with a dangling gummy worm right in the middle. Their drinks are fun and perfect for happy hour with the girls which BTW they offer from 4-7 on weekdays ( $5 drinks). A much better deal then the regular 8.50 per speciality drink.I love that a place like Sugarfreak now exists in the neighborhood. Its definitely something to try and will make you look cool when you suggest coming here with you friends.No major complaints from me and i"ll be back to indulge another day!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,6/25/2014,393,406,15,21,16>As a Yelper, I am drawn to exotic foods. As a Jew, I am drawn to words that sound like a sneeze. Yet despite living in Queens for eight years (three of them down the street) I had never been to Cevabdzinica Sarajevo. That was recently rectified.The inside is very old school and filled with posters and mementos from Bosnia. It has a great family feel and the owner was personally serving us. I knew I liked bureks, so we started by sharing a meat one. Holy moly. It was almost a foot long and easily sharable for three people. It tasted very homemade and was quite delicious.For entrees, we had the beef goulash, meat and bean stew, and lamb chops. Both stews had deep, rich flavors and felt like they were made with a lot of love. The lamb chops were very good too, although there was nothing Bosnian about them so we should have gone with something more ethnic. The dishes came with a crazy special bread from Bosnia that the owner has shipped in every week. It was OUTSTANDING. Especially dipped in the goulash. After our meal, we sat with the owner and talked for about 15 minutes. He brought us out three desserts. Two were similar riffs on a light pastry with honey. The baklava was so different than any I had ever had. It was much less sweet (in a great way) and we all fought over the last piece.This is the kind of place that hopefully won't disappear among many of the interchangeable restaurants constantly popping up in Astoria.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/24/2014,406,1092,6,8,6>Good ramen in Queens? Can it be true?! I was intrigued and have been wanting to try this place out, so of course I did. The place is fairly modern & industrial. Japanese art plastered on the walls. Simple wooden tables, beer-garden style and 2-person tables. In the front is an 8-person table and several 2-person tables. Additional seating is found in the back with 2 more 8-person tables and a couple smaller tables. If at all possible, I'd try to sit in the front. The back smelled like old socks. In between the two dining areas, is the open-layout kitchen and a waiting area. While you wait for your table, you can watch the chefs work their magic.For appetizers, we started with their Pork Gyoza, which includes 4 gyozas in a thin skin filled with primarily ground pork and scallions, then complimented with a small side of soy sauce. The skins were crispy, meat flavorful, making for a fairly good gyoza, but somewhat pricey and standard-fare. We also ordered the Pork Belly Kimchi which was top-notch. The kimchi was fermented nicely to give it a nice pickled (sour) flavor, with a hint of heat. The chunks of pork belly really took it over the top. For those not aware, this dish is garnished with katsuobushi (bonito flakes), which some may find weird as they move around. But don't worry, they are not alive, but just curling up caused by the heat. If you're looking for an appetizer, the Pork Belly Kimchi is a must-try.I tried their house special ramen, Hinomaru Ramen ($13.00) with Poached Egg (+$1.50). This consists of creamy pork broth with 2 slices of chasu (pork belly), kikurage, scallions, menma (fermented bamboo shoots), bean sprouts, a fish cake with a monkey face on it, nori (seaweed), and then topped with a fireball. What is a fireball? It's a ball of spicy ground meat thrown on top. Take a small bite and you'll realize it's got some heat. Not mouth-numbing, but enough to get your palate going. Mix it in with the broth to give it an added layer of flavor and spiciness. The pork broth is not overly rich, but complex and flavorful enough to give it two thumbs up. Definitely my preferred consistency of broth. Don't expect your modern clean-palate broth that Ippudo makes. The ramen noodles are your thin and straight kind, soft yet firm to give it some texture. They were not bloated, signifying that they were not sitting in the broth for a long time in the kitchen, but soaked enough of the broth to give it good flavor. If you're more into the bouncy and curly ramen noodles (like the one's in instant noodle packs), ask the staff which ramen dishes offers those noodles. The two pieces of pork belly were amazing! Tender and flavorful, and the fat on the belly was gelatinous, almost jello like. Delicious!! I didn't think it could get any better, but the poached egg was divine. When I think of a poached egg, I usually think that it's somewhat solidified with a creamy yolk. However, this completely blew me by surprise. The egg white was blob-like yet cooked enough to preserve the the yellow yolk inside. It was so delicate, bordering liquefied. When I put my chopstick through the egg, the yellow yolk oozed out in liquid form. It was soooooo good!!! I have no idea how they could poach their eggs so perfectly but I am a huge fan and will be ordering their poached egg with my ramen every time I come here. Everything about the Hinomaru Ramen screamed delicious. Balanced, rich flavors, fatty pork, liquefied egg, mmmm...... I'm definitely a fan of HinoMaru and will be back soon. Our waitress was really cool when she greeted us informally like old friends. And when she brought over several pairs of missing chopsticks, she said "My Bad!". Great ramen and table service. There's nothing not to like. Check it out if you haven't already!! And don't forget the poached egg!!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,6/23/2014,170,82,10,15,13>I ordered a delivery the other day and they got to my house at the time I was told.The order I placed was a chicken and ribs combo w 2 sides.The chicken and the ribs were both very flavorful. The ribs were big and juicy. The bbq flavor was not overwhelming and the meat was soft.The chicken was tender and the flavor was towards the smoky side.The green sauce is delicious despite how liquid it is. The amount of French fries they sent us with the delivery was humongous. To be honest I didn't like the mac and cheese.  It wasn't anything special and the flavor was just too simple. The price of what I ordered was pretty good and the guy who took my order was polite and friendly. I'll keep ordering from this guys but I will try other sides next time.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,10/21/2014,357,324,16,12,16>For a place right around the corner from me, I spent a considerable amount of the time I've lived in Ridgewood not eating here. This is both a blessing and a mistake. A blessing because I'm not 400 lbs, but a mistake because it turns out that this place is good enough that I wouldn't mind being 400 lbs if it meant eating their chocolate covered anything, or anything made with bread, or any of their pies.Actually, everything they make is good. Seriously. And when I went in late in the day on pi(e) day looking for one of their last remaining pies, I had to explain to the proprietor why she had had such a rush on pies that day (she was wondering out loud while ringing me up). After I explained it, she chided me for not having told her in advance and then gave me her email address so I could remind her ahead of time next year.Fact: that's god damned adorable.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,10/20/2014,364,373,11,12,11>Twist and Smash'd Sports is the new sports bar in the former Bud's Ale House location. It is basically the same layout with a couple of exceptions. There is a takeout area in the rear with its own entrance and a bocce court on the left side near the front.As before, this place is huge. You could fit 250 plus guests in this place; no problem. As the previous sports bar discovered, because this place is so big, everything associated with service suffers.If you seat at a table, you will receive social security checks before you get service with drink or food. That's just the way it is. Logistics prevents good service.Now, why do I give it a 4 star review; well it is all those TVs. Twist and Smash'd Sports has 40 plus HDTVs. You can catch multiple games easy. If you're a die hard sports fan, you can't beat this. This place is awesome on catching afternoon baseball games.Tips:1. Always seat at the bar. Fast service.2. $7 pitchers of Bud or Miller Lite. Duh.3. Free popcorn.4. Super service from bartenders Jennifer and Case at bar.5. Never seat at a table.6. Remember number 5.Overall, I like this place. Cheap beer and lots of HDTVs on a lazy afternoon is a great way to enjoy a game. I wish Twist and Smash'd Sports great success, but the logistics of the space makes this difficult. If you seat at the bar you will enjoy a very nice experience. Remember, buyer beware at a table.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,10/19/2014,317,220,5,9,7>No. 1 East Restaurant, also known as People's Restaurant located next to the Queens library near Main St. Flushing, is the prime spot for an authentic and reasonably priced Chinese breakfast.Recommended Items1.) SWEET SOYBEAN MILK and SALTY SOYBEAN MILK.  These two soups taste fantastic together (not mixed, but separate).  Suggest you to order both!2.) DEEP FRIED CRULIER - A fried crunchy thin croissant-like donut.  Be sure to dip it in the soybean milk.3.) PANCAKE WITH GREEN SCALLIONS - Tastes similar to scallion pancakes in other Chinese restaurants, but less greasy.  4.) STEAMED SPINACH DUMPLINGS - 8 healthy spinach filled dumpling.  Caution VERY HOT.5.) STEAMED BUN WITH MEAT BALL - Traditional soup dumplings with a meatball inside.  Caution VERY HOT.The breakfast can easily fill you till dinner.  I suggest you order several dishes at first, consume, and order more if needed instead of ordering 10 items and not being able to finish them all.Note the waitress continued to subtly rush us while we were eating because of the waiting customers which was frowned upon, but I understand it is the norm for a Chinese restaurant.  At least we weren't treated like slaves.+ Breakfast time is 8:30am to 3:00pm.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/18/2014,28,151,5,8,7>I've been meaning to try this place for a while now and made the trip even without a Groupon. For a first timer, $20 gives you a free lesson, rental bow and arrow, and an hour of shooting. It looks run down and small so the bf and I walked in warily, but as soon as we stepped in, someone greeted us and told us exactly what to do. We got there a little after they opened for the night so we didn't have to wait. James gave us a quick 20 minute run down about the basics of shooting and was a great instructor! It was exhilarating letting the arrow fly and hit the target, it was so much fun!At first I thought an hour wouldn't be enough but my weak arms were wobbling by the end. I can't wait to come back and shoot some more! Everyone was super friendly for a place that's packed with weaponry!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,10/17/2014,98,71,7,7,5>I cannot say enough good things about Saffron Garden.  The food and service is top notch.  I bring all of my friends and family that enjoy Indian food or are willing to try it out to Saffron Garden and order takeout just about every other week.  My favorite entrees here are the chicken tikka masala and chicken xacutti which are both tender, creamy and full of spices although not too spicy.  Chicken Xacutti has a hint of coconut and i LOVE just about anything coconut.  The seafood appetizers were a hit when i brought my family here - there are two in particular that i cannot recall the names of but are lobster and prawns sautéed with onions and peppers.   For dessert, the rice pudding (which i always have) is extremely aromatic and tasty and it is topped off with fresh coconut shavings (YES), a sweet mango sauce and a cherry.Upon my first visit to Saffron Garden, the service was extremely attentive and made me feel right at home.  The people here are humble, constantly say thank you and make you want to come back with their kindness and hospitality.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/16/2014,33,56,8,13,11>My friend recommended a few brunch places in Astoria, the Shady Lady being one of them. After comparing the menus, I liked that The Shady Lady seemed like no-fuss comfort food and the best bang for your buck. It definitely exceeded this expectation. I ordered the Freakin' Starvin, which came with two of each of pancakes, sausage, bacon, and eggs as well as one biscuit with sausage gravy.I was "freakin' starvin" by the time the food came out. I'm someone who doesn't mind a long wait as long as the food is delicious, and the food at The Shady Lady definitely was the best brunch I've had in awhile. I also enjoyed the complimentary food and drink.It was busy, but not overly crowded, when we came on a Saturday morning. Maybe it doesn't get as packed as other places because of the slow service. If that's the case, I'm perfectly okay with this; more opportunities to try everything else on the menu!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/14/2014,114,126,3,13,9>I swear, there is an overabundance of bubble tea places in Elmhurst, and I was sort of annoyed* that Chatime was going to open up. However I've actually never tried it even though they have locations elsewhere, so I was somewhat excited (plus it's a lot closer than Kung Fu Tea, Quickly, and Ten Ren for me).Chatime opened up a few days ago, and I've got to hand it to them, I'm glad they did. The inside is modern chic and has comfy chairs and small glass tables. There is wi-fi also if you want to sit and hang out while you drink.I got the roasted tea mousse and my friend got the red bean matcha smoothie. The mousse was ok. It had the foamed whipped milk on top, and I guess that's why they call it a mousse? Totally not what I was thinking in terms of texture (aka don't think of the dessert mousse). It was refreshing and light though (also because I got it with 50% less sugar, so I'm sure the full sugar would have been great). The red bean matcha smoothie was good. There were little bits of red bean throughout the matcha.I like how they have the options for sugar (0%, 30%, 50%, 80%, and full) and ice (none, less, regular, and extra). I think Kung Fu Tea still might be better, but it's so far compared to Chatime. Either way, Chatime is pretty good and I would come back.The cashier told me that they're going to offer delivery (whatttt??) soon for people in the neighborhood, as well as stamp cards and promos. Can't wait!Oh yea - cash only.*Just in case you're wondering, I was really hoping for a Korean or Filipino restaurant to open up. Sooo many Thai/Malaysian and bubble tea places here! Not that I don't love them, but come on, we need variety! Thank you, come again.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,10/13/2014,115,200,5,9,8>Not sure what I like more- things that have cute animal mascots or things that involve bears. I really like the name of this place Big Bear because their logo features a chubby funny looking bear drinking a bubble tea. my elmhurst friend told me about this place and we just wanted somewhere to catch up and sit for awhile. She suggested big bear and once the words came out of her mouth I was totally interested.came in here and already overwhelmed about what kind of toppings and crepe I wanted to get. Their crepes come in two catagories- japanese and rice flour. The japanese crepe is supposedly softer and features whipped cream as one of the toppings. The cream can be vanilla, green tea or you can substitute low fat yogurt. The rice flour crepe is a little crispier and is served warm and cannot be ordered with cream because the cream may melt. Most of the crepes here are sweet crepes and they only have one savory crepe- the volcano crepe which I was told was very spicy. The sweet crepes have toppings like sliced almonds, crushed oreo, nutella, caramel, chocolate sauce and mango, bananas or strawberries. I tried the featured crepe which was called the Naughty Monkey and it came with crushed oreos, cream, bananas, almonds and chocolate sauce. The crepe can be served in a cone shaped sleeve or folded into a plastic take out container. We ate in the store and it was served on a single paper plate nothing fancy as long as it didnt break under the usage of my knife and fork. None of these are gourmet ingredients and the crepes are not overwhelmingly large just big enough for a snack or a sugar fix. There is also a bunch of bubble tea drinks mostly green, milk and black teas and matcha, caramel, thai, taro, mango and passion fruit flavor as well. I ordered a passion fruit green tea and my yelp check in scored me a topping of fruit jelly. They also have regular tapioca boba, passion fruit popping boba, coffee jelly, matcha pudding and they even have grass jelly even though its not on the menu. I asked what the big bear tea was and was told it was traditional black milk tea.there is only seating for about 8 people in here at all times since it is mostly cafe chairs and cafe tables and a long bench. At the time I came only a demure looking little lady was staffing the store. She takes the orders and makes the crepes/drinks so be prepared to wait. Overall a nice little addition to the elmhurst area for crepes and bubble tea.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,10/12/2014,393,406,14,21,18>This location was a staid looking Italian restaurant for many years, but when Il Falco opened, we thought it was worth a try last night. I'm very glad we did.When you walk in, you are greeted by approximately 35 folks in tuxedos. This place is wildly overstaffed, but everyone was very friendly. We opted to sit on the back patio since it was a beautiful night.When we sat, before getting menus, we were offered drinks and given complimentary bruschetta. That was not something I'm used to but it helped set the tone for a relaxed meal. The bruschetta was excellent - I don't normally love tomatoes, but these were delicious and it was loaded with fresh garlic.Our waiter was super old-school and seemed to be from South America but had an Italian shtick going with long, drawn out "grazies." He was very nice and sold us on all sorts of fun dishes.We started with 6 enormous Blue Point oysters. Quite delicious. Next, we had a special side - pappardelle with red sauce, mushrooms, and sweet sausage. It was truly remarkable. The sauce was light but complex, and the dish came together very, very well. The pasta was also clearly homemade and wonderful.For dinner, I had a bone-in veal chop stuffed with homemade mozzarella, spinach, and surrounded in a mushroom cream sauce. It was outstanding. A dish like that can easily become overwhelming or sloppy, but this had some seriously good flavor and nuance. My wife got the whole branzino, which was presented for show then de-boned and served with very light seasoning. It was perfectly cooked and we both liked it a lot.We were too full for dessert, but were given complimentary dessert wine when we were done.If I have any critique of Il Falco, it is the dissonance within the restaurant, and to the surrounding neighborhood. As I mentioned, this place has way, way too many people working for the number of tables. Everyone is in tuxedos, but only about half of the staff clearly has fine dining experience. Those that do come across as very old-school waiters (in a good way), but others feel like they are playing dress up and seem nervous. Similarly, this place has patio dining, a small seating area, and is in an area of LIC filled with semi-casual diners likely to be in jeans. It remains to be seen if that will end up clashing with tuxedoed waiters serving $30+ entrees. I never felt underdressed or that a single person was snobby, but it does present a bit of a mismatch.All that being said, our meal and service were wonderful and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,10/11/2014,395,204,10,12,13>Paulie Gee's in Queens, is how I kept describing this place. Maybe it's not fair that I say that, because I'm sure while the owners are aware of Paulie Gee's, they don't want to be known as a Paulie Gee's derivative, but the similarities are there. Also, if you know anything about Paulie Gee's, I would say that's a compliment.Their service was really quick and the pies were delicious. They had a beautiful wood-fired oven that made perfect pizzas, not like the around-the-corner 18-inchers, but the trendy single serving pies that go perfectly with the excellent playlist and Edison-lit lighting that's slowly popping up here and there nowadays.The service was perfect. The gentleman who served us kept asking if we were okay and made sure everything came out quickly and asked if we needed more. He had such sincerity that it made our dining experience feel extra special.We tried both the sausage pie and the Chico Verde, which consisted of lots of kale. There's more to just sausage and kale on our pies, but you can look it up yourself. Also, you'll probably be better off just giving the place a visit than reading all these reviews that'll just ruin the experience anyway. Who needs to do all this research? Just trust me. This place would make any night feel special. I'm really glad that there's a spot like this in Queens. I highly recommend it. I would definitely go again soon.P.S. While I started this review off by calling the place a Paulie Gee's derivative, I feel like they actually do some stuff better than PG. For example, the lighting isn't so dim to near-blindness. Also, the last time I went to PG's, their menu was getting a little fat. Milkflower seems to have an approachable menu that I hope will stay the same for a while.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,11/13/2012,933,557,7,11,7>Produce prices are super low! I was blown away!Quality of produce is not bad, some items fresher than others, but totally comparable to that of a large supermarket chain, if not better. I see the delivery trucks quite frequently so I know they have a high turnover of produce.There's a lil' butcher area in the back, but no one is ever there. I have yet to buy meat here so I can't comment beyond this point. It's a little store, big for a corner market, but still small. I like that. Selection of other food items are low, but I mainly come here for the produce.This small little business has a rewards card! Yup, spend $300 bucks and get $5 off your next purchase. Thing is, as low as their prices are, it may take a while.It can get super packed at times, but it's nothing compared to the Chinatown of San Francisco (a place I appreciate, but gives me anxiety). There are enough checkout stands to keep the line moving at a decent pace.Overall, I love this place!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/12/2012,333,234,4,8,5>Bud's Ale House took forever to open, and now I understand why. For an endeavor of this magnitude to set up shop in the most bustling part of Astoria, your business better be prepared.After months of leaving my nose print on their windows, gazing at the multitude of televisions, and the variety of tap beers that were dormant, I was thrilled to notice from the Yelp homepage that reviews were trickling in.Enough of a reason for me to rejoice and plan my next foodie excursion there.Literally only open for a few days, I was quite impressed with everything I love about an after work hang out. It has a sports bar vibe, with a focus on exceptional service.Highlights:1. Pleasantly greeted by the hostess.2. Opting to sit at the bar proved to be a great gauge for the general service offered here.3. The bartender, Emilio, was enthusiastic to learn our names, share the specials, and give the great service that will make this place a once a week destination.4. They have Budweiser draft beer along with a multitude other artisanal selections, and interestingly, wine on tap too. It was a generous glass of Pinot Grigio that complimented my boo's 22 ouncer.The Menu:It was our first visit, so the menu seemed quite extensive to choose how the place would be evaluated. We ordered the chili, which was perfectly spiced. He ordered the Chi Dog and commented, "Now I know why they call it a meal". And I ordered "Naked" Cajun Wings, which were perfectly greasy and crisp.Next week:The burgers!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,11/11/2012,393,406,6,12,8>Aanchal is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in NYC, but it needs to fix its mojo if it's going to be successful.The food is incredible. I've been here three times now, and haven't had a bad dish:- Their Chicken Saag is my favorite dish. The spinach is not too creamy and the chicken makes me want to do this youtube.com/watch?v=ud6j- Aloo Tiki is really complex and comes with chick peas and crazy good sauce- The Malai Chicken Tikka had great flavor but needed a sauce of some kind- The naan is incredibly doughy..not overcookedThe menu is extensive and everything else looks great. So what's the problem?They have a tiny storefront and it's under the above-ground 7 train. It's also a few blocks off of Vernon. That makes this the neighborhood Indian place, as opposed to a destination restaurant. And as long as that's the case, the prices are too high. Entrees run from $12-$19 pre-tax/tip. That's a tough sell when you're new and have a semi-hidden location.They have an all you can eat lunch buffet M-F from 11-2:30 ($9.99) and Saturday and Sunday from 12-3 ($13.99). That's where it's at.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,11/10/2012,523,791,8,12,12>I Love waffles I Love MochiI love Ice creamI love FruitsBut all this 4 thing can fit into one?????YES!, It's Called Korean Rice Waffles (KRW)!yelp.com/biz_photos/eCI0Small store off Murray Hill area.  Where they made to order KRW.  Why made to order??? Because it needs to eat it when is fresh, warm  and crispy on the outside, still soft chewy on the inside.  Mixing along with Ice cream, Fresh Fruits and a hint of Chocoolate Fudge makes a BADASSS Dish!.For $ 7.99 you get 2 6 X 6 Inches of Rice waffles, Following by 2 scoops of Ice cream, and layers of Kiwi, Strawberry, Banana and Blueberry to blend out the flavor. And I shouldn't have shared that with my other Half but since I was already too full from the Brunch I had with friends, I wanted to try just a bit.... Instead I finish the Entire Waffle.Location is off where the public transportation is.  But if you're around the area, you should stop by here for a Yummo KRW!The store also offers a variety of small sweet snacks (To eat here or to go) that are freshly made. But the sad part is that is written in Korean? make sure bring a K-Friend to translate that with you.  But one of the lady who works there was pretty helpful.***********************************CASH ONLY************************************
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/9/2012,251,671,4,6,7>Strawberry Farm - not the typical name for a green grocer, but while you won't be picking strawberries here, you will have your pick of fresh fruits, vegetables and all sorts of wonderful ethnic delights. Look no further for Turkish and Greek condiments - taramasalata, dolmades, spanakopita, red pepper spread, babaganoush - they have it all. Not to mention the most wonderful selection of fresh bread, pastas, pasta sauces, cheeses and seasonal vegetables and fruit. No fresh meat is sold here, but they have a pretty intense deli counter in the back that also boasts olives, fresh cheese and plenty high quality deli meat.The prices are what made me first come out here and the selection is what keeps me coming back. If you're in the neighborhood and are not sure what to make for dinner - all you need is a stroll through the aisles and inspiration will hit. Guaranteed.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,11/8/2012,565,622,5,7,8>We had a Groupon for this place and came here on a Friday night. Almost all the patrons looked South American so the signs were encouraging. They had a couple of live perfomers which I can only describe as karaoke with real singers. They seemed to singing some popular Spanish songs as some of the patrons seemed to be lip syncing or humming the words with them. All this added to the authenticity and charm of the place. For food, we got lomo solatado, chicharonnes de pollo and the salchipapas. The food was straight up 3.5/5 for me for every dish. It was all above average but wasn't blown away by anything. Some of the thicker slices of sirloin in the lomo soltado was a little difficult to chew but the fries tasted great. The chicharonnes de pollo were good as well but if I am being honest I will take southern or Korean style over these fried chicken.  I should also mention their delicious aji sauce. We used almost half a bottle of it on the salchipapa which were also pretty good.Both my wife and I are big eaters but we had a tough time finishing all the food because the portions sizes were big. They were pretty laid back about us taking our time. Our sangrias were excellent and I also had a margarita outside of the Groupon deal that was perfectly made. Our waitress, who seemed like a really friendly South American lady, didn't rush us at all. So even though I rate the food at 3.5 stars, our experience was enhanced by  the quality of service, ambience and drinks.FOOD: 3.5DRINKS: 4.5SERVICE: 4VALUE: 4
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,11/7/2012,42,38,3,8,4>One of the most overlooked kebab houses in NYC. Located literally a stone's throw from the last stop on the Queens side of the N train, a hike to Balkh Shish is definitely worth it.Balkh Shish is the most authentic Afghan food you will get outside of Kabul. Upon entering the restaurant, the grill and brick oven are to your left and pictures of every Afghan president are on your right. Once you are seated, two tv's showing Afghan programming ensure you are never bored. The pictures of Afghanistan and the map of the country with its provinces outlined also make for interesting decor.I always start off with the samosa. The samosa is fried to a crispy perfection and the ground beef inside of the pastry is seasoned with blends of saffron, cumin, and tumeric. A chilled glass of sweet lassi, which consists of yogurt and dough, is the perfect companion for the samosa.For the main course, I usually get the salmon kebab or the chicken kofta palow. The salmon is simply grilled and marinated in lemon juice, saffron, and cheyenne pepper and served with Afghan brown rice and fresh salad. The chicken kofta palow is basically two enormous chunks of ground chicken drowned in brown Afghan rice and accompanied with a generous helping of traditional Afghan chicken curry. The curry is the perfect texture and goes great with the dry chunks of ground chicken. The Afghan bread is toasted to perfection and the white sauce they serve is homemade and cools down the spicy taste in your mouth.To top off the evening, I usually get the Firni, which is traditional rice pudding. The pudding itself is a piece of art, topped with pistachios and creamy. Down the pudding with green tea and your night is complete. The service is great and the servings are plentiful. Be prepared to leave with a doggie bag and you might want to walk around the block a few times before hopping on the train.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,11/6/2012,203,182,4,6,6>Burgers are big business these days in NYC, and come in all stripes. You got your horseradish-cheddar cheeseburgers at Black Iron Burger; the Breslin's famous lamb burger; or DuMont's signature sandwich.But at this throwback to 1980s Yugoslavia, you can try something bigger, and arguably better: pljeskavica, a dinner-plate-sized burger of beef, pork, veal and fatty lamb sandwiched between two buttery halves of pita. (I can't be completely certain of the meats in this particular burger, but those are the usual suspects in 'Balkan burgers.')To up the flavor factor, you'll want to smear on some smooth kajmak, a sour-cream-like spread with a lactic tang, and ajvar, a roasted red pepper and olive oil paste. Then, dig in and let those juices flow. (from your mouth, and dripping from the burger) If you feel the need for a little greenery, a side salad, simply dressed with oil, vinegar and salt, comes for an additional $2 -- at $12, this is an unbeatable price for a burger and salad.There are a few nice sidewalk tables, where my friend and I sat. Indoors, it's red vinyl booths and wood paneling--it almost seems as if you've walked into someone's dining nook. And that's how you'll be served, too--as if you're a friend of the family, just stopping by for a quick bite and something to drink. The friendly waitress is Bosnian and informed us that some 5000 Bosnians live in Astoria alone, though she said that many of the once plentiful Bosnian restaurants, like this one, have been closing their doors lately. Let's make sure that doesn't happen to Stari Most.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/5/2012,2,5,4,8,7>A few weeks ago, I had my birthday party at Butcher Bar, and I can not say enough about how spectacular my experience was.I had a party of about 30 people and they let me use their back patio for an entire afternoon.  Teddy, the manager, was so kind and really great as my plans changed and numbers increased.  Everything went smoothly and everyone had a great time.  Since the place is BYOB, I asked my guests to bring whatever beer/wine they wanted to drink.  The managers and waitstaff were so unbelievably accommodating!!  They kept our beers/wines in their fridge, got rid of all our empty bottles, and kept our drinks cold and full the entire day.Our waitress, Anna, was unreal.  She was so sweet, patient and absolutely awesome to us.  My guests all came at different times and she made sure everyone was fed and had drinks, and she even took it upon herself to make sure our little cooler stayed full of ice and beers without anyone asking her to do so.  Even though we were a chill and friendly bunch, I know how much of a pain in the ass a group like ours is, so MEGA PROPS to her for being so amazing.The food, as always, was delicious!  I had the pork belly, lettuce & tomato sandwich.  Yum!!  AND, to top it all off, they brought out a piece of cinnamon cake for everyone that was there (about 25 ppl) free of charge, to celebrate my birthday.  Candle, birthday song and a total surprise.  :-)  SO NICE!We were having such a wonderful time that the 10 of us left at the end of the party stayed well past out 4 hour window.  Even though the managers had every right to ask us to give up the table (I told them to let me know if they needed it) they didn't.  We felt so amazingly welcome, like we were in their backyard.  I put a lot of stock in how a business treats its clients/guests, and Butcher Bar is one of the best I've ever encountered.  They made my birthday so special and I will always be grateful.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,11/4/2012,11,6,2,7,4>I do not give out 5 stars that easily.This restaurant surpassed my expectations. Spanish food--particularly from the Andalusian and Galician regions of Spain hold a special place in my heart, and of course, my palate. I've been to Galician style cangrejadas, and have become well acquainted with Spanish paella thanks to our wonderful family friend Maria Belén--who lived almost all her life in Galicia. I will always be grateful to her for introducing me to the decadent pleasures of traditional Southern Spanish and Galician/Portuguese cuisine.We ordered a number of plates, and I sampled a little from each. I've had their Salmon and Spanish style capers and signature saffron yellow rice, Spanish blood sausage, their weekend special of slow roasted Pork, tongue appetizers, caramelized dates wrapped in bacon, and some salad mostly made up of mixed greens.If you're feeling adventurous--try the tongue. A cold, salty appetizer that has a hard, rubbery texture--as if you were biting into hard cheese in the beginning, but I promise you'll be surprised, and go in for a second, or maybe a third. My favorite appetizer though, are their dates wrapped in bacon. I don't have the vocabulary to describe the concoction of flavors that conspire to titillate your taste buds to gustatory orgasm! They are an absolute MUST.Of all I sampled, I have to say the quality of the food is amazing. Not to say I am a professional food taster--but the food is good enough, I believe one can tell it isn't bought from Key Food. The Salmon doesn't have a fishy smell, and the meat is so soft and very well seasoned it melts the moment you put it in your mouth. Their blood sausages are unlike any I have ever had--I love the sweet aftertaste and the soft texture, hinting its freshness.As for their drinks? I recommend their white Sangria. It has the gentle sweetness of Moscato wine, a known refreshing summer drink. With their golden yellow walls and rustic Spanish decor, you could almost escape the winter blues.The staff is attentive, friendly adding to the enjoyment of your experience.What can I say? You don't even eat THIS good in Manhattan. Eat better and for the quality of food you get--pay less. Come to La Rioja and buy a little bit of bohemian Southern Spain.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,3/24/2014,287,270,6,12,10>Hard to believe I haven't reviewed Astoria Bier and Cheese yet considering I practically live in there. Have a friend visiting from out of town whom you want to impress? Bring them to Astoria Bier and Cheese. Want to soften the painful effects of annoying relatives? Bring them to Astoria Bier and Cheese. Date? Bier and Cheese. Need some cheese/beer for a party you're throwing? You know what to do. It's pretty much the answer to everything.Though they don't have full on entrees, you can eat and drink pretty inexpensively here, and the service is pretty unbeatable. The guys and gals behind the counter are very enthusiastic about charcuterie, cheese, and beer so they are always happy to give you samples and help you choose your perfect cheese plate or grilled cheese sandwich. I literally go out of my way to come here when I am throwing a party to buy my cheeses since they are so eclectic and fresh. Not too many other places I can get truffle cheese. One of my favorite nights out is sitting in the back patio with friends noshing away at various plates of cheese, pickled onions, and charcuterie and sipping on various beers. They always have a great selection of beers on tap, and I almost always go for one of the IPAs because I'm a hop junkie. When I come here just with my boyfriend, we almost always get either two interesting grilled cheese sandwiches or a cheese plate, and split one of their snax (get the beer cheese and ale bread). One of the guys who works here has gotten to know us so well that he makes recommendations specific to our tastes when we come in.One of my favorite things about living in Astoria is coming here every once in a while and trying something new.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,3/23/2014,1007,752,13,13,12>"Wow that sh*t was good!", those were the words that kept coming out my mouth throughout the drive home.A buddy of mine who's from this area has been telling me about Los Verdes, Los Verdes non-stop over the past month so I finally gave it a shot today and it did not disappoint! The food looks and taste a whole lot better in person so please don't judge by the photos.Food - The Verdolaga burger is a beastly burger! This came to me as a real big surprise because it consist of a few things I usually hate.1. Sesame burger bun - I generally hate most sesame buns but at Los Verdes it works. It wasn't your commonly found cheap burger buns from Deli and Grill spots or Fast Food joints. The quality of the bun was great. Firm and toasty.2. Chicken breast - Ask any asian, most of us hate white meat unless you're a fitness/health fanatic. We like our legs and thighs. By now, you're probably asking yourself "What? a Chicken burger?" and the answer is nope! That's not all!I usually dislike eating chicken breast. I don't mind eating it but I won't enjoy it. In this case, the chicken breast in this burger works! Chicken breast was nice and tender, not over cooked, and not super dry.3. Ham - I like ham but was never too crazy about it but...in this case, it works! 4. Burger Patty - Excellent. Nicely cooked (I asked for Medium), Juicy patty, great flavor.5. Bacon - Self-Explanatory. Bacon is bacon, that stuff is crack! Nuff said.All topped with pebble size chips which I like to refer to as "sprinkled crack", mozzarella cheese and cole slaw! Now is that a burger or what?! It also comes with wavy fries which I also usually hate because it reminds me of crappy soggy school and white castle fries. But the fries here were actually legit! Golden crispy fries!We also ordered a chicken quesadilla which was also great. They weren't cheap with the cheese and it was also topped with sprinkled crack. Freakin delicious!Drinks - Ordered a Blackberry juice w/ no ice. Good taste, didn't taste watered down.Service - Excellent. Our waitress was very friendly and fast with our order.Verdict - By far the cleanest restaurant I've been to in long time in this part of Queens. Freakin place looked spotless. The restroom was super clean and even had a TV in there. There are plenty of flat screen TV's that run along the walls in the restaurant. If you haven't been to Los Verdes yet, make sure you bookmark it and order their Verdologa burger. You will have an orgasmic experience running through your mouth! I'm putting this burger on top of my list. As of now, this is my favorite burger of all time.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,3/22/2014,127,319,5,14,8>There are two things I really appreciate in life: Good Company and GROUPON! We used a Groupon deal for 4 and I haven't had so much fun eating my food in such a long time. Simply Fondue is also one of the cutest places I have ever gone to. This is my second time going to a fondue place and I recommend this place over Max Brenner in the city. The decor is VERY ROMANTIC with comfy booths. It's CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM inside. Our 3 hour dinner consisted of 5 rounds:FIRST ROUND: Calamari Appetizer (which the waiter totally forgot about), but no worries! He apologized and we were cool about it. It was actually a blessing in disguise that it was cancelled because our main courses were very filling. ROUND 2: Each of us got a salad. I HIGHLY recommend the Spinach & Strawberry. This was actually the highlight out of my whole entire meal. They used a unique sweet cider dressing that was AWESOME! ROUND 3: We ordered 2 Cheese Fondues (Spicy Pepper Jack and Mediterranean) served with bread, raw vegetables, and fruits. Personally, I liked the Mediterranean more because I like pesto and sun-dried tomato. With both dishes, they started heating up beer with garlic and and then they slowly added different cheeses and other ingredients together and mixed it up. Round 4: You get to choose a specific cooking style with your entree. Our entrees consisted of a combination of chicken breast, beef tenderloin, black tiger shrimps, scallops (super small by the way)  and veggies and we chose the Vegetable Bouillon (which is a garlic and spice broth) and a Cajun broth as our cooking method. It basically mimics an Asian Hot Pot style, where you dip your raw meats into a boiling broth pot. They provide 5 dipping sauces as well (honey mustard, curry (my favorite), ranch, asian style sesame dressing, and teriyaki sauce). It was okay, but I didn't think the broth was strong enough. It was also a total mess because the food kept slipping off the skewers and we basically had to scoop our food out with a spoon. Fun times though because it was like a mini treasure hunt in our pot. Next time, I might go with the Fondue Grill cooking style.Round 5: By the time we hit round 5, I felt like I was going to roll out of the restaurant. But we still ordered 2 chocolate fondue pot: one white (Bananas Foster Fondue) and one dark (Raspberry Cabernet) and they lighted both of them up! I find white chocolate to be too sweet for me, but the Bananas Foster Fondue actually become my favorite! It wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and it was topped with bananas! YUM. I can pass on the raspberry cabernet.OTHER THOUGHTS: 1) I couldn't stop chuckling when I went to the lady's room. The stalls were spacious I thought it was really cool that there was a metal hand reaching out from the floor with fingers wrapped around in toilet paper rolls. GENIUS!2) It also seems like Simply Fondue had karaoke nights there. I found it very odd because it didn't fit with the place. Throughout dinner, we had random people singing completely off-pitch, which was a little bit annoying.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,3/21/2014,183,197,8,11,7>5 stars because of the price (cheaper then the other places in the Ditmars/Astoria area), they give a good rice portion (most places lack in that department) and pretty good in taste, and it's convenient for me and close to the train.Man, if I would just remember to Check-In to this place when I pick up my dinner I would be the duchess or whatever that badge thing is all about. haha! I was there once a week. Probably the only 808 number attached to a pick up.Location: Get off at the last stop of the N/R train [uptown]. Almost a block away. Head toward Ditmars on 31st. It's between Ditmars & 21st. Right side.Notes:~Here, what they tell you is in the curry, is IN THE CURRY. That's it. No 'filler veggies' or presentation pieces. If it says, "...string beans, pineapple, bell pepper, [my choice] tofu" that is seriously all you're going to get in the curry. So expect more sauce/curry than vegetables.~Tofu, Veggie Chicken, or Chicken Curry $9. Beef Curry $10~I LOVE their [Tofu] Ki Mao! It's rare for me being that I'm a creature of habit. As I always get curry. But, for some reason I can't help but have an internal debt on whether it's going to be curry or Ki Mao for dinner.Like Mike M. I've never had the pleasure of dinning in; only take out. It's a little off my path home, but I don't mind. Knowing I get to indulge in some Thai food when I get home is all that matters.Sadly, I have moved from the last stop on the N/Q and needed to find a new Thai restaurant to fill my cravings. Good bye Wave Thai! I thank you for getting me through a rough departure from Hawaii where rice & good Asian foods are on every corner. If it wasn't for your food, I think I would have gone insane, and my other half would have killed himself due to my complaining. Both he and I thank you.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/20/2014,681,925,10,13,12>For both the business-to-business and business-to-consumer segments of my business, it is crucial that my marketing collateral is high-quality and professional looking.  What is distributed to clients often leaves a lasting impression and is very much part of creating a public image for the company, for the brand.  I've tried to have leaflets, brochures, and recipe cards printed "on the cheap" through Vistaprint, and what a nightmare that was.  The customer service was non-existent and the quality was reminiscent of dot matrix printers from 1992.  Let's not visit those bad memories (of Vistaprint, not 1992) and instead talk about Prestone Printing.Wanting to support a local Queens business, I contacted Prestone for a variety of print jobs I needed to have done: postcards, holiday greeting cards to send to clients, and customer loyalty "punch" cards.  I had very tight deadlines for all of these print jobs and was worried that I would be spending quite a bit to have everything expedited.  Enter Carlos and the team at Prestone Printing.  After requesting quotes for each of the projects, Prestone was the most economical option!  And if you want to see your emails responded to at the speed of light, definitely contact Carlos.  Whenever I had a question, whether it be about card stock availability or getting my print job a day early, there would be a response from Carlos in my inbox 5 minutes after I had sent him an email.  And talk about great service: it can be difficult to park in this rather industrial area of Long Island City, not to mention carry numerous boxes filled with 40 pounds worth of printing (especially since I had injured my arm at the time...lifting heavy wine boxes).  Carlos and his colleague made sure that my car was safely double-parked in front of Prestone's offices and loaded my car with all of the boxes.So now that you know that the customer service is fantastic, how does what REALLY counts when it comes to impressing clients (the marketing collateral) look?  Prestone created sharp, professional, and vibrant materials.  In fact, I was so pleased (and many customers as well) with the work that Prestone has done that I will be commissioning them to print an additional 1,000 postcards, a paella recipe leaflet, and business cards for my entire team.  And those are just the current projects on the horizon!If you need further evidence that Prestone is THE print shop to use if you're looking for affordable, yet high-quality materials with outstanding customer service, visit the Prestone website.  Prestone has managed to keep an impressive client list pleased with the excellent work that they do.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,3/19/2014,105,138,5,10,8>4.5 if they keep up the good work!Food Bazaar is in the midst of their Grand Opening.  And it is surely grand.  This place is HUGE.  After an hour and 15 mins in this place I had to leave and still didn't see the whole of it.  It's taken the place of the old Pathmark (and good riddance to that dump).  The layout is very unusual.  You're met with large produce meat and seafood areas followed by a separate section of rows and rows of grocery on a diagonal.  I was giddy as a school girl.I immediately fell in love with the fresh produce.  I'm talking your everyday fruit/veggies like berries, apples, potatoes, oranges followed by Japanese pears, dragon fruit, star fruit, passion fruit, kumquats, an entire row of chilies, aloe vera and loads more.  The meat?  Amazing selection with a butcher counter and rows of refrigerated and frozen.  Ox tail, chicken feet, an entire case of different kinds of ribs.  The seafood?  A counter where they cleaned the fish I chose myself from three rows, a live crab tank, whole fish, fish filets, frozen items, fresh items.  And tons of it!I don't know if it'll be a regular thing, but there were many sample tables going including a fresh sashimi tasting.  He sliced the fish right off the filet for us.  Yum!  I hope they start selling sushi grade fish for us sushi-at-home makers.  The manager said they were hoping to soon.There are multiple "International" rows of exciting products.  It seems this Food Bazaar is Asian owned and operated so the Asian selections was comparable to Hong Kong Supermarket and other like it.  But there was also an excellent selection of Latin American products.  The only reason it falls short (at this moment) of a perfect 5 stars is that the organic dairy, chicken and eggs options/prices is a little scant and expensive.  $5.49 for a half gallon of organic milk, though not surprising, is pricey and I may still do the dairy and chicken shopping at TJs or WFs.  But if this place had reasonably priced organics as well, then look out!  I will be a regular shopper and, fingers crossed, hope to award that final star.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/18/2014,102,494,6,11,8>Assuming that you have access to a car, do yourself a favor and avoid the aneurism that is attempting to go to the TJ's in Manhattan and drive out to Rego Park to hit this TJ's. While it can still get unwieldy on the weekends and peak hours, it is still SO MUCH EASIER to shop here than in any of the Manhattan locations.FOOD: in the world of supermarket food (not the super fresh stuff you can get from your local bakery, butcher, etc.), TJ's tends to deliver. Their produce, meat, and dairy are all fresh and high quality. They also offer some "ready to make" fresh items like a pork roast that's already seasoned and sauced, chicken tenders in pesto and marinara sauce, etc. Their "processed" (frozen) food is made with organic ingredients, and almost always turns out well. They cover many categories of frozen food including Indian, Mexican, Chinese, etc. I absolutely love their selection of fresh stuffed pastas. One package generally feeds two people, and I believe the most expensive one is $3.99. PRICES: speaking of the most expensive package of fresh pasta ringing in at $3.99, you will almost always be able to purchase a TON of food for less than $80-$100. If you're buying their coffee, that can sometimes run up your total at the end, but the prices here are just great. The last time I made a TJ's run was at least three weeks ago, and we still have food from that run (obviously of the frozen and dry variety). Since everything is so cheap, you won't hesitate to try new things.BEER/WINE: most people know TJ's as the origin of "two buck chuck" (which by the way, is actually $2.99), but this TJ's does NOT have the accompanying wine store. That said, it does have a decent selection of craft beers as well as its own brand of beers. I tend to always go for the TJ brand of Hefeweizen or something else that catches my eye because it tends to be around $5.99 to $6.99 for a 6-pack, and often tastes better than the 6-pack you'll get at your corner store for $10.99.SERVICE: the cashiers at the front are very quick, and often make fast work of long lines when they form. The people on the floor generally tend to be running around stocking things, and I don't think I've ever had an actual conversation with anyone in trying to find something. That said, my shopping style is "I can find it on my own thank you very much," so it doesn't bother me, but might bother someone who's attempting to ask them something.Overall, love TJ's, and this is my favorite TJ's in the city. I've walked into Manhattan locations only to see the line stretching all the way to the back of the store and around, and have just walked back out. Not to mention it feels like a game of roller derby without the skates or the awesome trying to actually shop in the Manhattan TJ's.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,3/17/2014,65,227,4,10,7>This place is super affordable and delicious! For a Friday, this place was packed every minute, with lines out the door. And it seems to be authentic since I see many Filipino families dining here. My friend and I only got drinks, entrees and a dessert. I got the calamansi drink and it was refreshing. It was very fragrant and citrusy. For the main dish, I got the beef kaldareta and my friend got Tito's chicken. The kaldereta was super delicious. It's a beef stew cooked with olives and spices. I was hesitant in ordering the dish because it was stewed in olives, and I don't really like them, but I didn't really taste them. Instead, it was tomatoey, a tad spicy and full of other spices. It's similar to a beef stew, but far more tasty. There were huge chunks of beef, but it melts in your mouth.My friend's chicken on the other hand was too salty. It was prepared with black bean sauce and soy sauce. It you like salty foods, this might be your thing, but for us, it wasn't that good at all. For dessert, skip the halo halo. I find it to be very bland and all it tasted like was sweet ice water. It was not even very sweet at that. I'm not sure how halo halo is really supposed to taste like, but I've had it at Jolibee's and that place definitely has much better halo halo. Although theirs is a bit sweet, the part that I like most is that it's chunkier. The halo at Rad's was just watery. The turnover time at this place takes forever, and that can be due to the fact that a lot of the tables accommodate 4 people. So I noticed that there were a couple of tables that had empty spots, but nothing can be done. I just hope they use more appropriate tables as an upgrade so that no space is wasted, and the place is quite small.I give this place a 4 for the awesome beef kaldereta, and the fact that there are many more things on the menu that I'd like to try, especially given the very affordable prices for the portion.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,3/16/2014,43,173,5,9,7>For the Corona neighborhood, this is a very legit and cozy Italian restaurant! The service is superb and the food is fresh! I've passed by this place numerous times and finally had the opportunity to dine here for a cousin's birthday. We were a large party and although some of us were late arriving, there were no issues and we were taken care of. While dining here, you really do feel like you're family. The manager made his rounds to ensure we were enjoying ourselves and that we were taken care of. Everything we ordered from the pastas to the meats were delicious! FRESH is the keyword here...It's good to know that there exists a genuine Italian restaurant in this busy neighborhood!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/15/2014,236,311,15,21,20>When pineapple meets coffee liqueur surrounded by añejo rum on a shake format in a highball type of glass, you got a "Castaway", the infamous tiki drink that Sweetleaf happen to execute on the highest level. It was certainly sweet dignifying what a tiki drink should be, but don't you think you are drinking juice. Definitely not.Sweetleaf is better known as a place for coffee & tea, which happen to be extremely good as well in all the other locations I have try. Who would have tell they do such a wonderful work when in speakeasy/lounge mode. During my very good friend's birthday gathering a couple of months ago, we had for our party the small room in the back. Exquisitely decorated on a vintage style, great music, cushion sofas and easily accommodating about 10-12 people. In spite of being located at the back of the place with no chance of communication with the servers other than getting out of there, that situation didn't happen at all in the entire time we were there. This speak itself about the service at Sweetleaf. Every once in a while we had our waitress coming to check on us for anything we demand. Not only her, but all the staff is friendly and pleasant. Since Sweetleaf is a master on all things coffee, my choices were on the caffeinated side of the menu, of course they serve homemade coffee liquor. "Kona Swizzle" was equally good and fun at the same time. I loved the display on a tall glass, beautifully glowing on a golden color and filled up with ice. Repeating on the rum and coffee liquor, Kona Swizzle contains also fresh lime juice, definitely noticeable and that  matched so well and house mad orgeat, which I just found out is a syrup made from almonds, sugar and orange flower water. I like everything almond and now I recall that taste on the drink. Lovely. My friends went with more classic type of drinks and all were excellent. Balanced, flavorful, strong on the right way and served with lots of personality. If you are a speakeasy chaser and heard of  Dutch Kills you then know what to expect from Sweetleaf since they collaborate with Dutch kills's cocktail master on their creations. You see? they are, that good. The difficulty to get there this days is obvious because MTA seems to be boycotting any trip in the city, but particularly to LIC lately. Even so, don't give up. Plan your trip a bit in advance if you need to get there on a specific time, get your smart phone ready to google map, enjoy the wonderful views of the city that never sleeps while walking towards Sweetleaf door .. and put yourself similarly in a non-sleep mode during a wonderful evening with Sweetleaf coffee- based cocktails. I warranty, you will not regret the trip
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,7/23/2012,188,199,10,7,8>I really liked this place! Thanks yelpers for your great reviews.5 girls and a 13 month old teething baby decided to go out for brunch. Yeah that was smart. Let me just give a big thank you to everybody working at Sanford's. The hostess, waitress, bussboys were soooo accomodating. The baby was screaming and crying from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out...so suprised they didnt kick us out. Ladies, spend one afternoon with a baby and I promise you wont forget to take your birth contol. On to the food. We all decided to order something off the brunch menu. Which comes with a choice of coffee, alcoholic beverage or juice. Of course I had to try a little bit of everything. Bloody Mary was on point! Spicy and strong. The mussels were outstanding! I suggest you go with that. Huge portion. Very impressed.Eggs benedict-not bad. Ive had better hollandaise sauce at other restaurants. Crab Cakes Benedict-Crab cake was sooo good. Nice and light, not to greasy. Corned Beef Hash Benedict-Corned beef hash was okay, a little to greasy and heavy for my taste.Cobb salad-delicious. Loved the crispy baconChocolate chip pancakes-We ordered pancakes for the baby and guess who was sitting next to him?? Yup. ME. Made sure I licked the plate clean. DELICIOUS. Cant wait to go back.....minus the baby.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,7/22/2012,106,261,5,11,7>I just adopted a pembroke welsh corgi from an animal shelter.  Although my boyfriend and I read up on all the proper dog parenting books, we still needed major help with our new dog!Thankfully, there's Skillman Pets.  The owner is extremely friendly, personable, and informative.  He helped us pick out all the food, toys, beds, etc our new dog son needed.  He spent so much time with us; I was truly appreciative.  The prices here are actually cheaper than Petco and comparable to online!  For instance, Nature's Miracle Stain & Odor remover spray was $11.99 at Petco but $8.99 at Skillman Pets.With the offerings of tailored customer service and excellent prices, why wouldn't you support this local business!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,7/21/2012,356,239,3,9,8>Astoria Park is a little known secret that Astoria residents enjoy. Although it isn't as large or magnificent as Central Park, it's charming, safe, and offers many ways to exercise in the outdoors. The Park is really pretty and nicely landscaped, especially in the spring. During the summer it's nice to have a picnic on the lawn. I love jogging in Astoria Park. The hills are steep enough to give you a bit of a hill work out and there is a good quality rubber track if you're in the mood to run laps. Jogging by the water, under the trees, with the wind blowing through your hair, and looking out at the NYC skyline is a real treat. Astoria Park hosts many events including its own Shakespeare in the Park. They had a great Pre-4th of July firework display, and they offer several concerts. The nice thing about Astoria Park is that unlike Central Park it's not crowded during the summer and overrun with tourists. There are so many different sports you can play...tennis, skateboarding, basketball, swimming, and tanning (I am sure some people consider that a sport). Bring your dog to the park, play Frisbee, and pack a picnic. Astoria Park is definitely a fun and inexpensive summer hangout.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,7/20/2012,2398,639,10,6,5>This Chatime is my go to place for tea.  However, it is mostly because of the 2 for 1 special and not because it is spectacular.  The tea is good.  The taro tea is good as well.  However, they change stuff up a lot, like prices, specials, and well, the store.  One week you are waiting inside, the next out on the street.  The kids behind the counter don't really explain things well if you have a question and sometimes just give you misinformation.  That being said, I like the tea.  I order, I take my receipt, I go outside and I wait for my number to be called.  In the winter time, this was different.  If you go their tomorrow, it is possible that this review will have no meaning to you, as the system changes a bit.  In addition to the 2 for 1, they seem to have a 99 cent offering.  I thought they also gave massages as you waited, but I quickly realized it was other pedestrians pushing me as I waited on the street for my tea.  :-/A little to the left please...thanks..
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,7/19/2012,183,187,5,14,9>Support the good place, ppl! Come to Tian Fu. As the recent Mala XiangGuo frenzy stirred up by LaoMa, I was in doubt when my coworkers recommended Tian Fu's big pot instead. I'm a super spice fan and am usually loyal to the establishment that hooks me first onto a food. "Their spice is better", the colleagues said. Ok, I try you out. Price: Same as LaoMa. Some ingredients are $7/lb, some $8/lb. Ingredients: Uh oh, get ready, cuz there are selections here that weren't at LaoMa. Fried sweet potato - this is EXCELLENT in ur pot! The outside crunchy, inside soft & flavorful (after it comes out from the wok). This one is our favorite. Fish tofu - a lot like the fried tofu sponges, but smaller and smooth on the inside (not spongey like the tofu). Also an excellent flavor-absorbent. Kuan fen AKA clear flat noodles - chewy & bouncy if that's how ya like your noodles. Spice: So I've heard some problems about LaoMa being too overwhelmingly numbing and most importantly - oily. Your problems are over here at Tian Fu. While you can still select your spice level, there are minimal oil and they use chopped peppercorn as opposed to whole peppercorn that induces the numbness. Same spiciness, more convenient for your tongue! My fingers are getting tired typing this on the iPhone, but you won't regret giving this place a try the next time you crave for spicy pot. P.S. They give you TWO BIG BOWLS of rice for free unlike elsewhere that charges extra for a smaller bowl. They also place your meal neatly with utensils and napkins on a tray when you pick it up. This level of service (from Chinese ppl) just makes me so happy :)
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/18/2012,3,5,6,8,6>Summary: the best pizza in Astoria.The long version: I initially wrote a really brief blurb but on second thought just had to update my review.As a native New Yorker raised on the stuff, I take pizza very seriously. And Rizzo's is simply some of the finest pizza I have ever eaten.The sauce is tangy, the cheese is creamy, and the crust is always fresh and crispy. It simply tastes so good they MUST to be using quality ingredients. Either that or they are slipping Crack into the dough.I was just talking about Rizzo's to a friend yesterday and said "If Rizzo's were in Brooklyn and not in Astoria it would be on all the foodie blogs and there would be a line out the door!"  And I meant this as a good thing. Rizzo's is one of THE BEST spots for great food in Astoria. I'm glad that there isn't a line out the door. Instead I exudes this great feeling of a small, local shop serving great food to it's nearby community.In my initial review I mentioned that you should "be prepared to wait for delivery - this isn't fast food." And that also isn't a dig. Don't treat Rizzo's like Dominos. It may take you a little longer to get your pie delievered, but it's always been worth the wait. I've never gotten a re-heated pie that was probably lying around all day delievered to me. For some of the best pizza in New York, you might have to wait a little bit longer and pay a little bit more - but it's worth every minute and penny. And also notable is that Rizzo's employes the friendliest staff. Whether I've stopped in for a slice or have waited to pick up a pie, I've always been greated warmly and professionally. I can't reccomend Rizzo's enough.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,7/17/2012,115,88,6,8,5>A great neighborhood spot.This place is on my way home from the subway, so I have a tendency to stop in for some take out for dinner. All the food on the menu if have tried has been great. I'm a huge comfort food fan and this place really hits that niche for me. I usually order the crab cake sliders. Finally I have found a great crab cake in NY. They say it's a Maryland crab cake, and it actually tastes like one! The chorizo burger is also a very good choice, very filling, and the empanadas are nice and puffy.I've been here for both brunch and dinner, and while they do have a great brunch, I prefer the dinner menu. I guess I feel it's more "fatty" for my "fatty" taste buds. This is also a great bar just to hang around at. The staff are always friendly, and in the warmer months they have great outdoor seating in the rear. Top it off, two for one drinks on Tuesdays!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,7/16/2012,38,124,4,8,7>Yes, Yes, Yes!!!!!!This is one of those places where you find yourself in a conundrum ordering because everything is good. I come here with my bf like once a week and we often order delivery from them mid- week. Their omelets use high quality cheddar cheese and crisp bacon, their french fries are perfectly crisp (the sweet potato fries and curly fries are even better!), the hash browns are never greasy, and they serve bagels from Astoria bakery (yummmmm)!! My bf is currently obsessed with the chicken limonato, though the burgers are also an outstanding standby--juicy, cooked to perfection on a grilled bun with sharp cheese. Rene, the main waitress is AWESOME!!!  She knows all the regulars' names and what they typically order and makes you feel like you just walked into a dear friend's home when you get there. On weekends, you can also take advantage of their brunch which features bottomless mimosas for $18. Overall, Krave is outstanding if you're looking for something casual and cozy with American food that far exceeds diner quality but doesn't kill your wallet. By far, my favorite spot in Astoria!!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,7/15/2012,205,184,5,15,9>I have a beach cruiser and knew that it was time to upgrade when I decided to ride in the Five Boro Bike Tour. I had already been shopping around for a new bike but had not found exactly what I was looking for. The last bike store had nice bikes, but not the color I wanted and I'm not down for dropping $500+ for a bike I half like. So I decided to visit Spin City and I'm so happy I did. Right off the bat, their sales guy Yoshi made more sense than any other shop I went to. He knew the science behind what bike would be best for me and was generally very knowledgeable. He sized me and made sure the bike I was looking at was a perfect fit. They let me test ride the bike which also really helped in making my decision (make sure you have ID and a credit card on hand if you want to test ride a bike). I also really appreciated that he wasn't pushy. When my husband and I needed a second to talk, he was very sweet and did not pressure us. Their prices are fair (you get what you pay for!) and their selection is great. They have adorable tricycles all the way up to professional bikes. They also have a wide range of accessories and helmets. The owner (manager?) was on hand and was also very customer friendly and helpful.  I am very happy with my purchase and highly recommend them if you are looking to buy a bike.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/14/2012,29,164,6,9,7>Finally made it in for a dining experience at De Mole and my expectations were definitely met! The place is dimly lit and romantic, although it also gives a feeling of not-yet-finished. There was a slight scent of paint in the air, and the dining area could definitely use some more decor.As of writing this, they are still BYOB, so before ordering I ran over to the key food across the street and got a negra modelo (to keep things authentic!). I don't mind this, keeps things on the cheap!We started with some guac and chips which was a good serving size for the 4 people at our table. There was also salsa (which i didnt try, but the guac was very good.I had the grilled steak quesadilla and my taste buds were dancing around. It was a bit difficult to eat as the savory juices made quite a mess, but I was in quesadilla-heaven. There's tomatos, cilantro, tons of steak, cheese, lettuce onions and possibly  something else. I paid the extra $2 for the larger size and it was definitely worth it. eat half and bring the rest to work the next day. It was just as good the second time around.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,8/13/2012,94,175,5,5,6>These guys are the Kings of my foodie heart. Seriously, the best halal cart in the entire city - i can say that, because i've tried like 20 of them. The Kinds finally got their hard-earned Vendy award a few years back - and it is well deserved. I always get the chicken pita wrap with extra veggies, extra white sauce. The chicken is savorly seasoned and perfectly balanced. Also, a shout out must go to their tasty shawarma (lamb, goat, chicken, turkey, beef) on the spit, spinning around for all to enjoy. I have lived directly across the street from these culinary geniuses, and come to rely on their delicious cooking to hit my nostrils as soon as I get off the subway. They are practically perfect - and some of the nicest, funniest guys you could ask to be served by. One of Astoria's foodie secrets - as the guys would say, YAHHHH BABY!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,8/12/2012,30,76,10,5,6>Since I don't have a music blog or any blog for that matter, you fine foodies here at Yelp will just have to put up with what will prove to be an unjustifiably useless review of K&K Super Buffet because, despite it being a restaurant, not a bite of food was to be had.In fact, the reason I had left Queens (...to go to Manhattan to go through Brooklyn to get to Queens...) was to catch a show. You see, like the mild-mannered Dr. Jekyll, for one night the otherwise conventional K&K Super Buffet underwent a Mr. Hyde-esque transformation, assuming Mr. Hyde was a lot less of a sociopathic murderer and much more into Bon Iver.Thanks to the efforts of Todd P., a frequently name-dropped figure in context of the NYC DIY music experience, the buffet stowed away steam trays and opened its doors to host a few DJ sets (who I was too late to catch and am now too lazy to look up), The Babies, Black Dice, and the headliner Real Estate who are originally from Ridgewood, New Jersey and is the inspiration for the clever transposition of towns.Seeing as how:A) Real Estate's latest album, Days, was the soundtrack of my life for a week,B) Tickets cost less than a Subway $5 Footlong (Okay...tickets were actually $7 after fees, but still kudos to Todd P again for keeping the price unbelievably low),C) The venue was a CHINESE BUFFET,There was no way I was going to miss out on the experience.Apparently, neither were hundreds of other people because, despite the size of K&K resembling what I compared to as a "Townhall for a middle-class southwest American suburb" or a friend saw as a "McChurch", the place was packed out. In fact when we first got there there was a line that stretched the entire perimeter of the parking lot to get in. I was actually shocked on how orderly and professional the entire situation was given that the sheer amount of people lined up on a Saturday night was more than enough for a fiasco. Say what you want about hipsters, but they can queue up patiently like champs. Perhaps it's because I imagine most Chinese buffets to be minimally decorated food landfills with a layer of grease coating plastic covered furniture but K&K was rather nice and clean looking. The bamboo (or faux bamboo) wall decor fit in nicely with the mini-waterfall up front though it seemed more Japanese inspired than Chinese. I did think the crystal ship chandelier was a bit gaudy and more befitting for the house of a pirate hip-hop artist. The tables were dull though and while I'm not even expecting dinner cloth, it didn't have to look like the inside of a bowling alley.I actually couldn't figure what the stage was made of, so I am unsure if there was make-shift or if the buffet actually sported one but either way, it was sufficient. A wish that I had made to my friend earlier, that the audience would be placed amongst the buffet tables, was joyfully realized as I watched most of the show from what I would guess to be the dessert section.The acoustics were an audiophilic wonder and sound levels were mixed to the perfect blend of  fidelic euphony...nah, I'm just kidding, I have no idea what I'm talking about.  But I do know there was a shit ton of amps and it was loud and it was awesome and it was a Chinese buffet so who cares.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/11/2012,316,405,12,8,7>Zabb Elee (recently renamed from the tamer "Zabb Queens") roughly translate to "wow, that's really spicy!" in Thai.It delivers...and could even put my grandmother to shame.One thing to remember is that this is not your usual Thai place.  Sure, there's a banner proudly listing Zabb next to Spice (vomit) but you won't find an inkling of Thai curry or Pad Thai here!  This is Esarn Thai ... from the Northeast region of Thailand - bordering (and sharing the flavors of) Laos. "Medium" Thai spicy here will light a Thai family on fire...yet leave them begging for more (how sadomasochistic). The larb and som tum (papaya salad - offered four styles)  are off the charts. A Thai native would find this place homey.Come and feast...but I caution you: If it's spicy going in, it's spicy coming out.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,8/10/2012,104,231,,9,4>What a charming little place. This is the kind of nice neighborhood restaurant to enjoy a good meal and then linger over coffee and catch up with friends. I ate here a few weeks ago on a Saturday night in celebration of a friend's birthday.  It never got crowded but there was always a flow of tables clearing and people coming in.  For our table we ordered the fried calamari app and hot antipasto. Both were pretty good. I really enjoyed the baked clams in the antipasto platter. You actually get a whole clam and not a half shell full of baked bread crumb glop. I recommend getting the hot anitpasto to try a little of everything. I think it also came with NZ mussels, 2 jumbo shrimp and stuffed mushrooms. Its a good app for 2-4 ppl for about $19. The tomato sauce they served w/mussels were really good for sopping up with bread.  For my entree I split the chicken marsala with a friend since it comes with 2 portions of chicken breast plus a side of pasta or potato croquettes. I think next time I will get the pasta. The croquette was ok-- tasted like a deep fried mash potato log. We couldn't decide on which dessert to get so the manager created a little sampler platter for us and even stuck a sparkler in and sang happy birthday to my friend. They make a homemade ricotta cheesecake which is definitely worth a try. Tiramisu was pretty good too.The service here is excellent and the manager treats diners like welcomed guests in his home.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,8/9/2012,128,339,3,7,4>This is Sunnyside. Places like Butcher Block that keep the community alive.  What an adorable little spot on 41st Street just off the 7 train.  It's old fashioned like your neighborhood butcher only better.  If you're actually thinking of going to Burger King next door, you're insane.  Butcher Block has the meats for a solid Memorial Day/4th of July cookout!  Buy it and grill it yourself!  This place is like a golden treasure trove of delectable  Irish sweets.  You'd be surprised at what you can find.  There is even a small aisle for cosmetics- which I found useful the day I didn't think I needed toothpaste.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/8/2012,44,113,6,6,8>I think I was from Thailand in a previous life....Or maybe I was switched at birth....Either or Thai is my middle name...well not legally yet but i'm in the process of changing it...When I first moved to NYC from Florida I was one of like millions before that would end up in the Bronx instead of LES or Coney Island instead of Astoria...sound familiar...come on you know it does...its ok, my friends call me the human compass and I still would end up in the wrong place... however I have learned that these wrong turns have become the best thing that has happened to me as I have found great places to eat when I give up trying to find the original place.... Gaw Gai Thai is just that....This place is a hole in the wall with limited hours cash only no exceptions....  But this is where it all happened where my identity crisis first appeared when my new found obsession for all things Thai occurred...I have had everything on their menu, yes yes I have ( I am grinning from ear to ear in pride thank you very much) its not like that is a really difficult task bc their menu is limited BUT it is oh so good....What had me hooked was their wonton soup first because it was chicken and not pork ( major score) and second bc it was an addiction the kind that if i could set up an IV directly into my vein I would... now this soup is super simple nothing fancy but I just love it... ask me how much... I would travel in snow storms from bedsty to LIC for this soup...deranged,crazy,insane,all of the above! But just recall what an addiction is you will understand... I love their curries and I love their noodles and they will make it SPICY!!! not white people suburbia throw on a little black pepper spicy no were talking sinus opening overactive tear duct spicy ( you should see the light that just came on over my head..halo style)....And they are CHEAP!!!! I mean SUPER CHEAP.. compared to Thai places in Astoria.... need I say more... Me thinks not... Just wish they would open on Sundays and past 9 pm... I am a night owl after all...
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,8/7/2012,423,264,8,13,8>I live a block away from tasty fast food and thank god for that. When I'm not in the mood to make myself anything to eat this is where I go. i wouldn't recommend going to this place to eat, but it's a great take out place  so if you live near try it out.  I always do pickup cause I live a block away and they are always busy but no one is ever sitting inside. Everyone does take-out. It's all you can ask for from a take-out munchie spot.Everything I've ever order from here has been satisfying and delicious and I've tried a good amount of the menu at this point. A regular slice is 1.75 and it's good for the price. This is fast food but tasty fast food. No pun intended. An avearage meal here is about $7-8. They have it all on the menu....wraps, pizza, salads, sandwiches (triple deckers), burgers, specialty sandwiches (cheesesteak, chicken sandwiches), pasta, and a slew of appetizers and sides like mozzarella sticks, garlic knots, fries, cheese fries, disco fries, pizza fries, buffalo wings, etc. They have it all!If I were to take a way a star for anything it would have to be their topping slices. i had the buffalo and bbq chicken slices and they were both awful. Just because they have topping doesnt mean you dont put sauce. I don't get that at all. Without sauce pizza is just dry. The chicken on both slices weren't that great either. Easily the worst thing I've ordered here right after the disco fries. Nevertheless this place has sooo much to offer you just can't go wrong. Good:Chef's saladCalifornia Cobb Salad - I LOVE THIS!Cheesesteak sandwichPizza Fries (Mozarella, marinara, fries)Western Grilled Chickengyro plattertuna club sandwichchicken club sandwichMediterranean wrapNacho grandeOKay:El Paso WrapSouthwest Chicken Wrapregular sliceBad:Potatoe Wedges of any kind (it's just a baked potatoe)..it was misleading.Disco Fries (fries, cheese and gravy) (just gross!)Burgers (tastes like a frozen patty heated up)buffalo chicken sliceBBQ chicken slice
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/6/2012,127,237,4,13,4>If I was rich I would eat here everyday. A lot of people might not like this place because of the atmosphere. They have a lot of relics laying around and posted on the ceiling and on the walls. Seriously, this place is memorabilia city. Every room has something different. You will be shocked when you go to the second floor because its so different without all of the memorabilia. It's a great place to have small to medium sized parties. The staff is always so nice and the host always makes you feel welcomed. ::: BATHROOM ALERT:::Both the bottom floor and the top floor have great bathrooms. The stalls are clean and always smell good. By the looks of it, you can tell that someone keeps it clean or cleans it every thirty minutes or so. The hand soap they use smells good too. If you go here in the winter always wear a sweater because the downstairs bathroom is close to one of the outside doors and it's freezing. I always order the crabs because they are delicious. The best part is your given a bib. Yes, you have to work to eat this food but that's what makes it wonderful. They are made in this awesome garlic and herbs sauce. If crabs aren't your thing their mussels in white wine and garlic sauce are to die for. The calamari is just ok for my taste, I've had better. DO NOT GET THE CRAB CAKES. I find the crab-cakes to be good but their size is not worth the money. I noticed that they did in fact change the cook and some of the things on the menu used to be better then most but I will not ruin that for you. This is why I ALWAYS order the crabs. Messy food is always the best food in my opinion.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,8/5/2012,102,568,14,14,11>Korean SMALL EATS, we have found thee!!  OH YUMsanity!This place is what my boyfriend and I call an "accidental encounter" lol.  Actually, we initially intended to dine-in at IHop, which is right across the street, but then the waiting time was so long that we said, "forget it IHOP".  Well, maybe next time we shouldn't wait to go on a Sunday because that is when most families go too.  Anyway, focus focus focus on Sukarak. . sooo we walked around and noticed Sukarak's menu with various interesting food items listed..... and BOOM, that was when the magic happened!!! ::SPARKLE SPARKLE::OK, I gotta admit, the starting appetizer, Squid Tempura, was just meehh for us because they fried it with toO much dough.......................BUT then the Sizzling Spicy Squid Platter was aammaazzing!  Indescribable!!!  It had the right amount of spice, not too spicy and not too mild.  I am not much of a fan of spicy food so this was sure a winner for me.  Not to mention it totally stole my boyfriend's heart since his favorite Korean dish is actually the spicy squid.  FIVE STARS GRANTED!!  The platter comes with udon noodles, rice soup & kimchi.  Extremely fulfilling and shareable amongst two people!The next outstanding dish was the Omelet Rice!!  It looks and sounds plain but the taste was definitely not.  It was the best fried rice with ham and vegetables covered with an omelet that I have ever eaten, I kid you not!  The rice was very moist and not dry like how some Chinese places serve it. (No offense, by the way).  The rice was cooked and mixed so well with the ingredients.  I swear the Chinese simply canNOT compete if they were to cook with the same ingredients. (No offence, again)  DING, DING, DING.. we got another WINNER in the house!!  A must try on your first Sukarak experience with KOREAN SMALL EATS!Aiyaaa, there are like so many other food items that I am looking forward to try next time, such as the Spicy Tuna Kimbap, Ddukboki, Hot Stone Bibimbap, and Spicy Wings.  I just can't wait any longer.  Gotta hold onto my cravings until we meet again!!  I don't care if my face will break out.  The food here is too good to resist and it is JUST the beginning.  =P
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,8/4/2012,366,164,8,7,11>Yummy in my tummy!I believe I have found my go-to Korean place in Flushing!  This place has every kind of Korean food to satisfy your cravings, from kimbap to kimchi fried rice to donkatsu.  My mouth is starting to water as I type this review, but my stomach is saying "No more!  I'm still trying to digest the dukbokki that you fed me earlier!"Between three girls, we shared an order of Ramyun Dukbokki, Spicy tuna kimbap, and beef sesame leaf kimbap.  Okay, if you have never tried kimbap with sesame leaves, YOU MUST!  It's delicious!  The sesame leaves (also called Korean perilla leaves) gives the kimbap an upgrade in taste with a crunchy bite.  It mixes perfectly with the beef, especially if you dip it into the sweet and spicy dukbokki sauce.  If you're not a fan of beef, you can also order tuna kimbap or salmon kimbap with the sesame leaf.  Next time I'm in Flushing, I'm going to order all three!  Hey, it's only $5 each.  How awesome is that?!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,2/27/2012,104,231,7,15,15>This place is a unique little cupcake shop that is a nice addition to Bell Blvd. The window display is so pretty to look at. When I walk in I feel as though I am in a cute french inspired boutique. The concept is 'couture cupcakes' and they use designer names for each of the cupcakes and muffins. And couture they are as each cupcake is beautifully decorated with frosting plus a little finishing touch on top. Even the boxes they give with the cupcakes are fancy.I've tried every flavor. My favorite so far has been the chocolate with chocolate buttercream as it was really really moist with a decadent and fluffy frosting. You don't feel so guilty for eating one of these since they are normal sized not like some other places that have over-sized cupcakes. I hope they get to add some more flavors since I know this amazing baker can create some exciting and tasty desserts.The shop is a tiny  to go kinda place but I hope someday they can expand into a cafe. Oh and they have a nice list of beverages like Illy coffee, mighty tea leaves and Pellegrino soda.Extra plus for the friendly staff!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,2/26/2012,108,70,12,16,8>It's extremely nerve-wracking for a guy with limited experience, to try to find a trustworthy and reliable vendor, for a service that is most often catered entirely towards women. Add to that, the fact that it's for a procedure that is NOTORIOUSLY painful.Which is why I'm so thankful for Corina. Not only is she used to dealing with male clients - she actually prefers them.It was my first time getting a Brazilian, and to be honest, I was more concerned about the after-effects than the procedure itself. I was worried that I wouldn't even be able to sit down afterward.Corina understood my nerves, and was very personable and easy to converse with. She was also very meticulous and professional - NEVER double-dipping.I'm not gonna lie or try to sugarcoat things, it HURT like a *****. But at its worst, the after-burn only lasted a few seconds. Aside from the expected soreness, there was really no pain once it was over. Even better than that, weeks later and there hasn't been ANY complications so far (not even itching).My only qualm is that my "triangle" wasn't very symmetrical, but it didn't bother me enough to lower my rating. Corina's prices are a great deal, especially when compared to places in Manhattan. As a matter of fact, there aren't many other places in the Queens area that offer full-body waxing.I highly recommend her to all the guys out there, who are in need of some "manscaping".
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,2/25/2012,364,373,6,7,9>Today was a Non-Football afternoon. I did not know what to do, but I knew that some delicious food was in order. With my desires to try a new place and my list of bookmarks, Nan Xiang Dumpling House was on top of my list.It amazes me still to this day how one place is packed and the place next door, two tables only. Nan Xiang had about a 10 to 20 minute wait this afternoon and a constant flow of guests waiting on line.Crab & Pork Steam DumplingsAfter reading reviews from Yelp Nation I was educated in the proper procedure in enjoying this wonderful dish. Small bite, then slurp, slurp and enjoy. No longer will I be in pain from hot juices exploding in my mouth. The mixture was lite and soft in texture with a thin skin. It was delicious with lite flavors. I know that when I have a good dumpling I get that warm feeling of something good.Wontons in Spicy SauceI am not a big fan of peanut sauce. The menu said it was spicy, so, why not. It was a very light and creamy sauce with a small kick to it. The order came with 8 small wontons that held up to the sauce. It was a delicate taste with lots of flavor.Peppers with Beef Noodle SoupSimple dish, but well executed. Shredded Beef with slice jalapeno peppers in a beef base broth with noodles. Broth had flavor, but not over powered by spiciness. Beef tender and peppers had the kick. The noodles gave it the texture and soften the spice of the peppers. Nice dish.Cash only. No biggie since it is very cheap.I can see why this place had a wait. Lots of good food at a very cheap price point. I love food that is simple and executed right. What can I say. I am a cheap date........
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,2/24/2012,49,600,4,9,9>Hands down, the best restaurant I have been to anywhere in Queens.  Ignoring the savory part of the meal, I'll just start with the fact that for dessert we had marshmallow-rice-krispie treats with a scoop of marshmallow ice cream.  AMAZING.  Of note also was:- Scallops (truly great scallops)- Short Rib Buns- Braised Pork Belly Tacos (really great taco, but I wouldn't go so far as to say the pork belly was transcendent)- Crack & Cheese, which is fried potato gnocchi, cheese bechamel, and bacon- Oxtail terrineAlso a friend ordered the fried chicken which is cooked in a sous-vide before being battered and flash-fried.  I got to try a bite and I will say, that was the most tender, juicy fried chicken I've ever had.  You do get a 1/2 chicken when you do this so it's great for either sharing or just having on your own.No beer/wine/liquor and no BYOB unfortunately.  It's the one thing they're missing, but once they get to a point where they're rotating the menu (I hope more frequently than seasonally since it's in the neighborhood and I'd love to go more frequently than that) and have a wine selection, it's going to really be a killer spot.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,2/23/2012,87,146,5,12,7>Forget the menu. Leave it on the table; don't bother to open it. If you're really hardcore ask them to not give you one. You're going to want - need - to concentrate on the specials. All of them.After introducing himself your waiter will run off the list like a school-child reciting his ABC's at double-time. You should expect at least a dozen each of appetizers, pastas and main courses. Fortunately your waiter also doubles as a cassette tape, so don't be afraid to ask him to pause and rewind (unfortunately you can't slow the pace down, but he can speed it up to sound like the Chipmunks); if you don't have a photographic memory you'll need make use of this feature. Once you recover from the shock get ready to place your order. One of the nice things about L'Incontro is that in the event that none of the specials sound appealing to you, simply ask your waiter if they can prepare a dish as you'd like it and they can make it happen.While waiting for your food to come don't hesitate to reach for the flatbread in your breadbasket and dig into the sundried tomato spread or tear through the freshly baked, light, fluffy regular bread - they're both very good.I've eaten here a few times and I've tried a lot of different dishes - sardines, meatless meatballs, salads, fish, boar, osso buco, etc. It's been a while since my previous visit, so I'll only make note of what I had this weekend.We started with the smoked tuna, fig salad and apple ravioli. The tuna, lightly smoked and thinly sliced, served under a bed of crisp, peppery arugula and nutty, planed parmesan, was refreshing and a good way to open up the palate for the meal. The fig salad - also served with mixed greens in a light olive oil and balsamic vinegar dressing and shaved Parmesan - was simple and good, although mostly redundant with the tuna (that was totally my bad). The ravioli - described as apple with marscapone - let me down because they were mainly marscapone (I like apples. A lot. For real. I just made a puffed apple pancake - that's how much I like apples. Boom. The best apples are mutsus and jonagolds. Try them). I could detect the texture of apple, barely, but not the taste. They were good for what they were, but I wouldn't advertise them as apple.For main dishes we had the Chilean sea bass - toothy fish! - over a cauliflower puree, chicken with mushrooms, venison and stuffed grouper. All came with the same vegetable of the day, which was green beans sautéed with garlic and butter. You can never have enough butter and L'Incontro gets that loud and clear. Good job, L'Incontro. The sea bass was cooked well, lightly crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The chicken with mushrooms was close to a marsala, but without the wine; the chicken breast was sliced thinly, which helped to keep the meat moist. The venison, sliced into medallions, was the best dish of the bunch, deliciously cooked medium rare to an almost melt-in-your-mouth consistency. Thinking about it is making me salivate. The grouper was stuffed with ricotta and spinach, which made it a very happy dish that was cooked well, like the others.To top off the meal we had the chocolate banana bread pudding, tiramisu and pear sorbet. The bread pudding was good, but could have been more moist, the tiramisu's flavor was great, but it was a little too dense for me - I like a light and airy tiramisu (Serafina does this really well) - and the sorbet was nice.While not cheap, when compared to similar restaurants in Manhattan, L'Incontro's prices are noticeably better. Our bill was definitely at a discount to what we would have otherwise paid.The space is large, but often packed, so I'd make a reservation to be on the safe side. The crowd is something of a mixed bunch. You're already on Long Island, so I wouldn't say B&T, but I would say LIE.Every time I go to L'Incontro I have a solid meal. I'd be hard-pressed to tell you that it's the best Italian food I've ever had, but the food is consistently very good and never disappoints. It's all around a very good and appreciated dining experience. I'm totally going to use my voice recorder app on my phone for the specials the next time I come. Why didn't I think of that before!?
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,2/22/2012,211,383,8,11,9>Ahhh Japanese stuffed fried chicken wings...Debasaki one of the few reasons to come to queens,  a trek to get out there but i have read and heard good things about it. Also a good known food addict had reviewed it and said great things about the place.first time: we got the Debasaki regular and stuffed wings with yogurt soju and fried rice. While licking my fingers and making moaning noises and the girls agreeing with me (a bit too exited i might add), i was just thinking, these are way better than the other place, bonchon, but then again they are not the same type of chicken so cant compare, but these were really finger licking good.2nd time: went again for the chicken and yes, consistency is plentiful here. The taste was superb and any day i would dump my "friends" if they don't want to come, just to get wings here . I know is not right but that's how delicios they are.service is excellent, the girls working are very prompt and always smiling, makes the experience better.The decor is Xmas 2011 still, it is may for the love of god, please update the decor if you can call it that. Beside that no problems with the place.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,2/21/2012,209,892,9,13,12>Yes, the food does taste good here!Service here is impeccable. From the moment you sit down, you are given a teapot with cups and the menu. Within minutes, they ask if you are ready to order. We kept telling them to give us more time but I appreciated that they wanted to feed us asap. Getting the food to our table was super quick too! They do not waste time here!The menu is extensive and will please everyones taste. My date and I had the following:Roti Canai - you can't come to a Malaysian restaurant and not have this as an appetizer. Seriously. You know what, it was delicious! I couldn't stop dipping the hot, fluffy Indian roti into the chicken curry sauce. You only get one Indian roti so definitely ask for 2. Kangkung Belacan - smothered in shrimp paste, the way I like it! My date found it a little too 'fishy' for his liking but I couldn't stop shoving it in my mouth. Nasi Goreng Belacan - the shredded mango on top of the fried rice with chicken and shrimp was a great touch. Even long after paying the bill, they did not rush us out. They allowed my date to sip on his tea for as long as he liked and for us to just sit there chatting til we were ready to leave. Again, much appreciated.Conveniently located by the Elmshurst Station (R/M train) so you really have no excuse to make that trek to have some fantastic Malaysian grub!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,2/20/2012,226,205,9,10,10>Last night I had dinner with my girlfriend at Hahm Ji Bach in Flushing. I made a comment that not once have I ever been let down with Korean cuisine before. The experience last night was no different.We were immediately greeted by the entire staff of waitresses and seated. A sweet old Korean waitress approached us and said something in Korean. After observing our blank stares she asked if we were Chinese. She then proceeded to speak to us in perfect Mandarin (which by the way I still didn't understand a lick of). Luckily my beautiful, talented girlfriend was able to translate like a pro.We placed our order and then out came the banchan (sides). LOTS and lots of banchan. There were at least 14 different little dishes of banchan. This is the most I've ever seen before. It was amazing! My favorites were the marinaded strips of bean curd and the seaweed. They don't set up the grill for you if you order only one item off the Korean BBQ menu; instead they grill it for you in the kitchen. This happened to us as we only ordered a Galbi Gui. I think it might have been better that they made it for us; it came out nicely sauced, and plenty of scallions mixed in. Somehow I doubt it would have come out looking so good if I had grilled it myself.We also ordered items for ourselves. My girlfriend had the Galbi Dolsot which is actually a galbi bibimbap in a piping hot stone pot. I ordered myself the Soondooboo. While the Galbi Dolsot was good, I felt that (and my girlfriend disagrees 100%) the Soondooboo was much more delicious and satisfying. How can you go wrong with a slightly spicy broth, plenty of tofu, clams and shrimp whose flavors all melded together and a bowl of rice on the side?Delicious!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,2/19/2012,523,791,6,10,13>What's good about Elmhurst?Chinese food and supermarket (Check)Malaysian  food? (check)Thai food? (Check)Mexican /  Spanish Food ? (Check)BOBBA drinks (check)Vietnamese Pho? (Check)Vietnamese Sandwich (FINALLY Can CHECK this one NOW)Just rarely open this place right where all the other food restaurants are. Very convenient.   - Ordered the Classic Banh MI Number one (which was the Classic Pate Cha)Slices of Vietnamese Ham and headcheese with Pate Spread.  There was an option to have it with spicy (which is not super spicy for me at all) that justs adds slices of jalapenos in it.  Results:  Bread was crunchy and fresh (expect crumbs falling in your lap).  Spiciness from 1-10 i would give it a 3.  Didn't taste the pate much, but the meat was good.   - Next time I went and Ordered a KAKUNI PORK belly (number 6) also spicy.  Results:  Bread was a bit too dry.  Pork belly was pretty tasty, but the layer was a bit thin.  Saucy, and same level of spicyness.Iced Vietnamese coffee was so so, not super strong or super sweet.  They take cash only.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,2/18/2012,142,211,5,12,11>I really wish I had Wafa's in my neighborhood. It is kind of the perfect restaurant. First of all, it's authentic Lebanese food (although it hides under the guise of serving "Mediterranean food"; maybe it has a broader appeal that way). Having been to Lebanon just this past summer, I'd say the distinguishing characteristic of Lebanese food -- other than fresh herbs and vegetables and quality meat -- is the art of restraint. It's a less is more philosophy. Wafa's practices what it preaches. The hummus is well balanced, with a hint of garlic, a hint of citrus, and a hint of tahini. Baba ganoush also has a roasted egglplant undertone, but nothing too offensive. The shish taouk was out of this world, tangy and citrusy, white cut meat, moist on the inside, grilled on the outside. Lamb kebabs were also super flavorful, with a little chew and a litttle char. All platters come with a choice of spreads (e.g., hummus, baba ganoush, labneh), vegetables (e.g., tabouleh, cauliflower) or bulgur/lentil-filled mujadarah.Second of all, everything is super healthy. Other pluses: it's BYOB, which is rare even in Queens. It's casual yet not a hole in the wall. It's clean. It's a family restaurant, with a staff that actually wants to chat it up with you, all the while you can see Mama Wafa making your dishes in the back. You can count on paying ~$15-$20 per head for an enormous plate of food. What more do you want?The cons are it's location, in the southern borderlands of Forest Hills. Relying on public transit requires you to take the E/F to Forest Hills and then the Q54 to Metropolitan (about 30 mins total from Roosevelt Ave). I also wish Mama Wafa would instill a special of the day for the adventurous. Some raw kibbeh would be awesome. Or Lebanese fish. Or something more obscure. Man can't live on shish taouk and majadarah alone. Finally, dessert menu (baklava or rice pudding) was a little lacking. Where's the knafeh (pastry with white cheese, nuts and syrup) or halva? I am still infatuated with Wafa's, and I will gladly sit on the Q54 bus to get my fill of Lebanese love.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,12/24/2012,102,568,8,11,8>My tastebuds are smiling right now!!I FINALLY came here after several of my close family and friend's recommendations.  And then I think to myself, WHY DIDN'T I COME HERE SOONER?  Well, it is never too late!  But wish I had made the effort to try their desserts a long time ago when I first heard about it because I really MISSED OUT on such scrumptious desserts! What we ordered:Very Berry Napoleon - Very soft crust.  Creamy custard.  Very FRESH berries~!Mixed Berry Tart - Not empowering.  Loved the crust and texture (not too hard or soft, ot too overly baked).  Custard tastes perfect, not overly sweet and overwhelming.  Able to enjoy the fruits on top.  The fruits are very fresh.  Oh my,  I can go on forever with THIS tart!!Red velvet cake - Too sweet.. a little overwhelming in my opinion.  Could be just this piece though!In general, I love their WHIP Creammm-super light and does not leave an after taste.In closing, this little cafe-like bakery is a perfect dessert spot at any time of the day~!  Of course, after it opens and before it closes.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/22/2012,111,164,8,14,8>The BBuuuuuuuuuuuuufff--*BURP*!!!!If you are looking for a Vegas-esque amazing, fresh food, awesome service, top quality dishes...This is not that at all. If you are looking for a great price for an above average buffet? Look no further! The buffet provides good dishes, good tastes all for an affordable price that leaves you feeling like the best bargain shopper ever.  That's the bottom line. This is the only review you really have to read to understand this place. SERVICE:It is a LARGE space. Of course their not going to have an amazing ratio of servers per certain amount of table. KNOWING that, it is still decently serviced. But you know what? It's a freaking buffet people. Some of these reviews are ridiculous. You go get your own stuff, drinks can come at any time, or grab a waiter, you are serving yourself for the most part. Get over it. The service in my opinion is slightly above average. They are friendly and try to get to every table as fast as they can.FOOD:The food in my opinion, is not bad. Is the freshest daily catch of the day? No. Is it the Premium meat and seafood you can get? No. But it's still decently fresh and if you want to pay $100 dollars or more, go to a baller restaurant. For the price you pay? Well worth it. You get sushi, chinese dishes, a good thai section, canthonese style prepared meats, desserts, etc etc etc. Some of the highlights to point out:- Their sushi section is decently sized. They have cooked sushi, some nice combinations of designs of sushi, and sashimi.- They have large crabs sliced in half, and boiled and ready to serve.- Large raw oysters/mussles- Coconut/Walnut Shrimp- Cantonese BBQ Duck, Pork, Fried Pork- Ginger Clams- 3 Cup Pork- MoMoChaCha Soup- Ribs- And a lot more, but those were the more notable ones I like or my friends liked that went with me. ATMOSPHERE:They definitely put a lot of effort here. It looks nice and classy and could definitely compete with Vegas buffets in terms of their aesthetic, appeal and cleanliness. Some of my favorite things include the baller restrooms, some of the decorative light fixtures and the long couch/tables near the window where you can lie down after a big meal and loosen those pants!!! LOL I don't know if it's really for that purpose but I feel everyone was doing that after they were done! ha!SUMMARY:Great place for a bargain buffet price for an above average food/service and great overall experience in my opinion. Our friend's dad is a part owner and that's how we stumbled onto this place. It turns out that it was quite the buffet experience and glad we were pointed in this direction to try this place.I have been here twice and my stomach was well satisfied. The price for lunch goes around for 30 dollars which is quite the steal in my opinion for the size and food options they give you!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,12/21/2012,361,716,7,9,11>Oh, Astoria, how you continue to astound me!With the plethora of frozen yogurt places in the neighborhood, including my beloved Red Mango, I thought I had no use nor any need for this one, Vanilla Sky. But a short visit yesterday proved me wrong and I'm here to eat humble pie, with a giant side of frozen yogurt.What makes Vanilla Sky stand out from its competitors is the beautiful seating area in the back. It's beautifully and cozily decorated complete with a skylight. Indeed, it looks as if Pottery Barn had came in and did the place. Along with free Wifi and delicious and very affordably priced frozen yogurt (along with coffee/tea and a few baked goodies), I could easily see myself spending afternoons here working. The only inconvenience is that in the back room, there is no outlet here, but outlets are available in the more sterile looking front.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,12/20/2012,101,229,12,15,15>Bear is this little restaurant off the beaten path on 31st avenue close to Vernon Blvd.  Walking up 21st street from Broadway, you'd have no idea that an upscale Manhattan-ish restaurant was here.The bottom line with this place?  The food is delicious, but sadly the portions are meager especially for the price.  However, drinks and desserts are reasonably priced and the ambiance is really relaxed and mellow.  My verdict:  go here for the drinks and the desserts, but stay away from the entrees if you have a big appetite because you will leave hungry.  If you're looking for a smaller portion of food that will tantalize your taste buds, then by all means enjoy their entrees because they really are quite tasty.I went here tonight with a good friend of mine in search of a good time.  He ordered the crawfish pasta and I got the pulled pork.  My pulled pork was really flavorful: a blend of various herbs and spices adorned the meat and it fell apart fairly easily using only my fork.  It was perhaps a little bit of a fatty cut for my tastes, but not terrible at all.  There was also a little mushroom salad that accompanied the pork with a vinegar sauce that was actually quite good.The service was excellent.  We got our menus soon after the waiter took our drink orders.  The food also came out fairly quickly after we ordered it (not more than 15 - 20 min tops).  In short, our service was polite and prompt.In addition, the menu seems to change every day.  We were handed a hand-written sheet of paper with all of the different choices and associated prices.  The customized experience definitely felt very upscale.To be honest, I think this place needs some standard fare that is more reasonably priced.  They can always mix up their special menu in addition to having a few simple favorites.  I just don't see myself (with my appetite) going back to have dinner here even despite the incredible flavor of the food.That being said, I do see the place becoming a bar where my friends and I can have drinks before going back to my place and I anticipate having good times here.  They've definitely got the bar / hangout atmosphere down.Stop by, give the place a try and see what you think.  My experience was not the nightmare that some of these reviews claim.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/19/2012,142,211,7,13,9>Hotteok must be one of the greatest street foods, and now Queens is fortunate enough to have a place dedicated to preparing them. Meet Pajunia, a new cheery, yellow painted mini restaurant-stall situated on the one block stretch of Korean businesses behind the Roosevelt Avenue-Jackson Heights transit hub. Pajunia specializes in hotteok -- the cult favorite Korean nut pancakes, filled with warm mixture of brown sugar, cinnamon and crushed peanuts/walnuts/sesame. 4 mini pancakes for $5 and you get to watch the friendly husband and wife team prepare them on the griddle so that they reach that perfect consistency -- crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside. Savory food menu is still evolving (and I think this place is eventually going to be pajun or savory scallion pancake joint), with literally only 3-4 meet-over-rice items and maybe 2 variations of ramen for sale. They pale in comparison to the hotteok and take up valuable gastro real estate. Save the room for the sweet stuff. There really is no reason not to try this place out when passing by Roosevelt Avenue, given proximity to the subway and the option of purchasing just one blissful hotteok for $1.50. You can thank me later.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,12/18/2012,54,130,7,11,7>After the demise of the sad excuse for a wine bar that existed prior to Jack and Nellie's, I was almost afraid to hope for a chill, cool, adult, wine bar with good wines and yummy food.  Yet from the second I walked into Jack and Nellie's, I was pretty sure it was an entrance I would be making again and again.  And again. There is a  really nice selections of wines by the glass, not an enormous list but all well chosen, and a few nicer bottles if you want to go that route. We got a bottle of the Priorat, which was unknown to me but was an awesome choice.  We shared the mac and cheese with chorizo, the hummus, and the quesadilla with manchego and mushroom and a jalapeno corn relish.  I asked them to go light on the cheese in the quesadilla and it was outstanding - perfectly balanced, and a good portion - not tiny but not some huge flying saucer of tortilla and cheese (for that, go to Tap House). The mac and cheese is out of this world - seriously. THAT will definitely happen again. The hummus was nothing crazy special, but solid, and the crispy chickpeas on top are a nice touch.  The portions are tapas, so nothing is huge, but that's what I like about Jack and Nellie's - good wine and delicious snack. These are the basic ingredients for my own slice of Heaven.Decor is nice - dark wood, dim lighting, cozy. Bartender was cool and knowledgeable (we sat at the bar), and we met the owner, who was super friendly and welcoming. I'm definitely glad to report that Jack and Nellie's is doing it right. I'm stoked to have a place that's open late to go after work (at my restaurant) for a glass of wine.  The neighborhood was sorely in need of this place, so Jack and Nellies to the rescue!Word of warning to the drunk coeds who swarm Austin street on the weekend: Stay far away from Jack and Nellie's. Far far away.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,12/17/2012,472,510,10,11,10>Martha's is truly movin' on up in the world.  After many years at this ideal location on Austin street, they've managed to elbow their way right next door, in a pristine and newly-renovated space. This bigger, badder (and by badder, I mean better), Martha's has more seating, and space which accomplishes a few things...1) Adds more displays and thus, more desserts!  (I spied a new edition to the Martha's lineup:  CAKE POPS), and 2) Gives folks ample space at the entrance so that you're not packed like sardines in a can, waiting in line to be served as was wont to happen at the previous location.  I made a trip here a few months ago, and though, I was there under very odd circumstances, where I just had a drink and nothing else, I still enjoyed the new bricks and their amazing expansion work offering a substantial amount of space and comfort.I had to downgrade from 5 stars because, as it turns out, their cupcakes aren't as revelatory as I first thought, and secondly, with the new addition that is La Boulangerie a few blocks away (love that place), some of Martha's thunder has truthfully be stolen.  What do the kids say these days, "swagger-jacked"?!  That said however, still, I have had many experiences over the years at Martha's, both high and lows, but on the bright side, Martha's has always been a simply perfect spot for meeting friends, grabbing dessert after dinner in Forest Hills, or even selling stuff on craigslist (yes, this happened once!).P.S. - Their cupcakes may not be the stuff of legends, but their Almond Horn definitely is.  110% amazing & delicious!  Super good, must try!!!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/16/2012,65,127,6,8,8>This is what I love about this city. Tucked away on a nondescript corner of a street in Jackson Heights late at night on weekends and only certain warmer times of the year you can stop by this corner for the BEST arepas ever as well as some meat on a stick served with or without potatoes.  The Arepa Lady knows how to run her cart and can be found grilling up fantastic food some days with her son and yesterday with her daughter in law. I have been here a few times and each time there was a line. There is a great social vibe while everyone waits for their order and chat with each other while they wait. She has a few chairs she puts out against the wall which are always full.  I waited about 10 minutes for my order- and received three apologies for the wait.  I had a blast just soaking in the scene so no apology was even necessary and there were at least 20 people leaving waiting or arriving in the short time I was there. To know what days and times she is open, follow @arepalady on Twitter.  Her son posts for her.Day 16 - "June Challege: A-B-C"
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/15/2012,109,327,2,7,7>Good thing I don't live in that apartment building next door or I'd be in trouble! They have one of the best croissants I've ever had which isn't saying much since I only started getting into croissants not too long ago but I do enjoy good food! Their apple and cheese turnover strudels are also pretty amazing. The filo is so flaky. What I love about European sweets is that it's not over the top sweet like American desserts and Arsi's does it just right. I definitely recommend the sweet cheese turnover strudel as it is sweet but not too overwhelming. They also have a good selection of savory pastries, like their mushroom, chicken, beef burekas and really amazing egg and scallion on croissant.I asked about their hours and unfortunately they close pretty early. 6am-6pm from Mon-Sat and 6am-1pm on Sunday, I believe.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/14/2012,168,160,9,8,12>This is it! Review number 100! I was going to go out and do some fancy tasting for this momentous occasion. Per Se perhaps or Chef's Table but that would require much coin and I my wife would basically kill me if i spent our money on that instead of paying my son's tuition. So for the sake of keeping our happy home, happy, and getting our son literate, i opted to go at it another route, one closer to the heart. And that is what food really is all about anyway. That's what Joe Shanghai is all about for me. I think i first heard about Joe Shanghai back when i was much younger from my cousin who mentioned that he happened upon a shop in Chinatown that served the most amazing dumplings ever.  He said when he took a bite out of it all of this juiciness just poured out of it. But the problem was he wasn't sure what it was called and he didn't remember where it was located. Thus began the legend of the soup dumpling, the hunt for the holy grail. It wasn't until a few years ago that I had Joe's Shanghai after asking some of my Chinese friends about this legendary dumpling. I first went to the Elmhurst location (subsequently closed down) and upon first try, i nearly cried... it was so hot! haha. no but seriously it was SO SO good. I soon discovered that it's not really just the soup dumplings but the Shanghai fried flat noodles, the pan fried noodles, the General Tso Chicken, the beef with string beans, and on an on... all of it was so good. And so began my love affair with Joe Shanghai. Joe Shanghai was instrumental in how i came to marry my wife too, of course i wanted to introduce the love of my life to these amazing dumplings and she came to love them too...but then as we would come to the end of the steam basket (8 per order) she would always hold back and ask me to take the last one. turns out she was sacrificing the last one because she knew how much i enjoyed them. Now that is love! that's how i knew i had a keeper. And yes since then I've had a couple of kids and yes my kids love it here too. When they have no appetite and they don't want to eat anything, my wife and i know that we can entice them to have Joe Shanghai. They often ask for it by name! When we bring the kids they get basically all of the soup from the dumplings, this is our way of showing love to them. we would drain the soup and let them drink it from the spoon. Joe Shanghai even provides them with an attachment to the chopsticks that helps them use them. over the years Joe Shanghai has had a very special place in my heart not only for the food but also for the memories. Today many of the servers know us by face, they've watched me and my wife lug the kids in, in their car-seats, and watched the kids fumble around with the chopsticks trying to eat, they watched as went from 2 orders of pork dumplings to 3 orders.  Joe Shanghai is everything that we love about eating out. good food and good memories.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,4/3/2014,35,103,4,12,8>I love science museums, particularly ones with lots of hands-on activities, and the Hall of Science is PACKED with hands-on activities (in fact, there were very few pieces without some sort of demonstration component). In addition, the staff of volunteers were circulating pretty regularly and would step in to explain or help you when it seemed useful. Also, there was a live dissection of a cow's eye with really good explanations of each step - I had been considering doing something similar in class, so it was cool to watch a museum worker do it for a group of visitors.My husband and I made an afternoon of it and found it entertaining and fun even for two 30-somethings with no kids - including the "science playground" with water features, musical pipes, and the like. My only gripe would be that the Rocket Park mini golf course needs a bit of attention. I realize it's probably costs a good penny to keep things clean and fresh, but couldn't you have a volunteer at least sweep the leaves out of the course at the beginning of the day? Overall a good time, definitely would bring kids, and will probably go back for more fun myself.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/2/2014,43,102,6,10,9>$8 suggested donation for adults, and my three kids (ages 3, 5, and 8) were free.  The newly renovated space is beautiful and we stayed for nearly two hours...not an easy task to keep three kiddies entertained for that long, but the artwork on display really caught their attention (and the adults, too!).My hands-down favorite exhibit in the entire place is the Panorama; it is a 3D expression of the five boroughs and was originally installed decades ago.  It has not been updated, so you will see the original World Trade Center and other buildings that are no longer current, but native New Yorkers should enjoy spotting familiar places.Most people gravitate to Manhattan, but as a Queens native, I spend more time perusing my borough and trying to identify local landmarks and areas that hold personal meaning to me.  It's like Google Maps before there was Google Maps.  I could literally spend an hour or two just with this one exhibit.  If you are from NYC, if you have a fondness for detail, and/or if you enjoy spending a quiet moment appreciating the passion and craftsmanship that artists pour into their work, you should definitely make time to see this longstanding exhibit.At an $8 suggested donation, the Queens Museum is well worth your time and money.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,4/1/2014,59,134,5,10,6>I'll come here if I don't want to drive to Fairway or if it's too late. Where else are you going to find a 24 hour organic/natural market? There's a parking lot behind the market with plenty of spots that leads to the back entrance.The place is kept very clean and organized. There is a good selection of drinks, beers (some hard-to-find ones), snacks, dairy products, etc. Prices here are a little on the higher side, but the convenience and location makes it well-worth it for people like me who live in the neighborhood. I haven't had their deli sandwiches yet, but my roommate says they are delicious.The employees don't look too friendly, but if you need help they'll be more than willing to offer their assistance. Just ask! Did I mention this market is open 24 hours?!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/31/2014,87,111,4,7,5>I am not sure if this is always how it is, but I called yesterday and got an appt today, AMAZING.  The office is clean and new with a super friendly reception desk.  As a new patient, I was checked in with my insurance paperwork filled out in about 5 minutes.  After reading half of a pamphlet on a skin peel, the nurse introduced herself and led me to the exam room.The nurse asked me a few questions on why I was there and told me she would leave for a minute to brief the Dr. and PA.  Three minutes later the nurse, PA, and Dr. were all in the room.  They were all super friendly, nice, asked detailed questions, gave great suggestions.Dr. Rose wrote me some prescriptions, I paid and was out the door.  Best experience ever, now lets hope my skin clears :)
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/30/2014,187,258,10,10,9>HinoMaru had the distinct honor and privilege of being my first legit, not from a package ramen experience. And HOLY CRAP it's good. First of all, the man and I stopped in on a snowy day, which is the most delightful time to indulge in some steamy noodles and hot broth. I had the Nagoya ramen, a spicy bowl of deliciousness with minced pork. It was so crazy good, I've had it three times since. I can't stop. Boyfriend had one of the ramens listed under "specials" - it had sea urchin or something and wasn't really my jam, but he enjoyed it. We also split a steamed pork bun to start and it was awesome. There are a lot of tasty looking apps on their menu I'd be interested in trying.Oh God. I want more ramen.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,3/29/2014,174,120,5,12,6>I'm a big fan of the saying "The dirtier, the better!" This especially applies to food establishments, as I've found the sketchier a place looks, the more authentic it tastes. Of course, there's no science behind this, and I'd rather there not be, because the most important thing is the taste! And the fact the food comes out within 5 minutes...mind-boggling. Phobang hits it on the money and it's my favorite place for pho. Ever since I first came here in high school, they've always been my go-to spot for a bowl of that special sumpin' sumpin'. The broth isn't salty and very drinkable, compared to most other spots, and the noodles are cooked perfectly. The meat and tendon and whatever the hell else they put in their #1 is superb. I never look at the menu anymore, all I ever get is the giant bowl of #1, don't bother with any other number! Their pork chop over rice is also decent, but it can be pretty dry sometimes, very hit or miss. Their Che Ba Mau, or 3 color ice, is a really good after meal dessert drink, on the rare occasion that good ole' #1 doesn't fill me up, I always go for it. It's super colorful and has a bunch of different beans mixed in there with coconut milk. You also can't go wrong with the Bánh mì, I haven't had one in a while so I can't recall how much it costs, but it was dirt cheap for a practically footlong sandwich with a bunch of meats, pate, and vegetables. Service here is pretty straight forward: don't come here for it. The staff will seat you quickly and get you out quickly, but the taste of the food makes up for it. No one will be rude towards you, but they won't go out of their way to put on a fake smile. I'm totally OK with that.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,3/28/2014,47,83,5,7,6>must order: kale pizza & baby jesus cake.  both totally blew me away, along with the bread and olive oil brought before the meal (I could have eaten just a pile of that bread and been delighted).  I had such a nice night here with my family- we had the place to ourselves at 5pm on a rainy Sunday, and it was just the perfect evening.  Nice ambiance, good wine, and the crispy kale on top of that pizza....  We decided we needed some coffee after our meal, which came out delcious and strong - I'm so accustomed to being let down by restaurant coffee.  Even though it honestly didn't sound that tasty by description, we ordered a piece of the Baby Jesus cake based on the glowing recommendations from the server and Yelp reviews - and holy cow.  Don't think, just order it.My boyfriend got the orecchiette with broccoli rabe, which was a tasty gussied-up mac & cheese, mom got the branzino, & dad had the meaty papardelle - all were thoroughly enjoyed, but I think I was the happiest one there with my gorgeous pizza.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/27/2014,66,77,6,12,6>This place makes one amazing chicken cutlet. You have to try "the beast" (chicken cutlet, bacon, onion rings, swiss cheese and brown gravy). They even list it on their menu as one of the things they are known for. Let me break it down as to why this is a 5 star sandwich. First of all the chicken is so moist. This is the heart of the sandwich, a dry cutlet makes a terrible sandwich, unfortunately this is way to common in other delis.  The breading on this is also magical. It somehow stays slightly crunchy. All other delis that I've tried come with a cutlet where the breading is soft with sauce. Secondly the bread itself if soft and thin. I don't know about you but I hate biting into a hero that comes with a thick piece of bread. I hate having to tear though the sandwich with your teeth. It completely messes up the ratio of meat to bread but this place does it well. Its soft so you don't have to resort to being your favorite carnivorous animal to eat it. This is also one of the few delis that compress a cuban. The sauerkraut that came with it was soggy which takes away from the cuban but I can forgive that. Get the chicken cutlets.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,3/26/2014,170,82,4,16,10>Cafe Minto is my bf and I place to go to when we want to have a nice romantic dinner without having to go deep into Queens, Manhattan or Brooklyn.I have tried the rib eye steak, the spicy Bolognese pasta, the white creamy pasta, the drizzled honey pizza, the nachos, the paella, green tea ice cream, pomegranate mimosa, mojito and other drinks and dishes I don't recall now.Everything has always been delicious with the exception of the nachos which by the way I didn't see on the menu the last time I came. The food is always fresh, flavorful and not heavy at all. The service is just magnificent. The staff and the chef/owner make you feel welcomed. What I like the most about Minto's menu is the variety of dishes and how the chef plays with flavors from all over the world. Dishes on the menu change every now and then and the chef always adds new specials and drinks.We come to enjoy Minto's food and environment once or twice a month and we have never been disappointed. THEY NOW ACCEPT VISA AND MASTERCARD!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,3/25/2014,39,146,5,10,6>Now this is what I call a five star pizza place!The staff is awesome and friendly and they are open late which is always a big plus! I'm not a big fan of pizza (I know...call me whatever you want!) but their Grandma slice is a gift from the gods. Always fresh and full of flavor, down to the perfectly sliced pieces of garlic that top each crispy slice. I've also had their garlic bread with also equally wonderful. Their pasta dishes are pretty great too. Shrimp and chicken parm are on point!I do wish they delivered though but you can always call ahead and they are glad to prepare it while you race there to gobble up their delicious food.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,9/12/2012,553,249,19,18,19>So I could tell you that I love this place because it's close to my apartment.I could tell you how the staff here is uber friendly and super welcoming.Oh and I could drop some knowledge on you and tell you how the William Hallett is named for the 17th-century settler, who founded Hallett's Cove, which today is what we call Astoria.I could do all that. Or I could tell you how their atmosphere is dark yet warm and even homey.I could tell you about the amazing beer selections and large wine list. Or maybe the nice cocktail list with some great classics and even better twists on some classics.I could do that.I could tell you about the foie gras sliders. Yup, you heard me right.Or maybe tell you about the suckling pig, or maybe about their apricot bbq glazed fried chicken.  Or maybe I could go into detail about brunch. Yes, brunch with their PBLT (P = porkbelly) or the yummy yummy fried poached eggs.I could do all that.Or maybe that their kitchen is open till 4am. I could tell you that.Or maybe you want me to tell you about their whoopie pie's that are pure perfection.yeah, maybe.No, I know what I'll tell you about.I'll tell you about the wild boar chili cheese fries. Yup, the wild boar chili fries. hand-cut skin-on big potato perfection topped with meaty boar meat chili, with shredded cheese and sour cream as an extra added bonus. That's what I want to tell you about.Oh and maybe I should also tell you to go to William Hallet, even if you don't get the boar chili fries.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,9/11/2012,289,416,9,17,11>If you have an unresolved case of the missing waistline, don't even think of going to Salt and Fat.  Otherwise, the fact that that the interest of your taste buds does not necessarily match that of your waistline will be further confirmed. Having missed the first invite here from Elle P.and Amy S. a year ago, I was excited to finally try Salt and Fat with a group so we can share the small plates.  It was the perfect night to eat as there was no wait for a table of six.  After getting a bottle of Cabernet, we gave our order for ten (10) dishes to the staff.  In my opinion, the following items were brilliant and worth another visit:   ~~Persimmon salad  (baby arugula, prosciutto, spicy candied walnuts, goat cheese, honey-lemon vinaigrette)  - Perfection!  The contrast between salt and sweet as well as between richness and freshness will initially puzzle the taste buds until the brain adjusts to the beautiful sensation evoked.  The goat cheese was delivered with a very light touch so it doesn't overpower the dish.  I'm so excited to replicate it given that our family loves persimmon.  Actually, I thought this item should be the banner dish of Salt and Fat.  ~~Yellow tail tartare  (scallions, yuzu gel, cassava chips)  - We were advised to mix the beautifully presented tartare with the yuzu gel and the scallions, scoop it out on the cassava chips and prepare to be surprised.  The crunch of the cassava chips with the delicate yet rich taste of the tartare was nicely done.  ~~Shaved Hudson Valley Foie Gras (with cinnamon mandarin oranges and bacon brittle) -  Although I'm a fan of foie gras, I'm on the fence with cinnamon because it is a strong flavor.  Somehow the blend of sweetness and earthiness of cinnamon with the citrusy orange and the salty bacon brittle is surprising, yet comforting.  ~~Panna cotta with yuzu sorbet - It was the perfect end to the very rich meal.  The yuzu sorbet was citrusy and fresh and yet delicate with a hint of sweetness.  I love making panna cotta and am excited to replicate their lychee version.The other dishes that we tried were: ~~Fried chicken (with pickled daikon and spicy herb ranch)  It would be difficult to go wrong with fried chicken.  There are four (4) pieces of the fried chicken which tasted more Southern style than Korean style.  ~~Scallops ( with roasted carrot puree, truffled corn salsa, capers) - I was excited to order this dish.  Perhaps due to the strong flavors of the other dishes, it seemed it lost its identity.  The corn salsa is heavenly though and the scallops were firm and fresh.  ~~Shrimp and grits (with slow cooked egg, bacon and scallions)  The moment I tasted the dish, I felt my taste buds swell from the extreme saltiness.  Surprisingly, when I looked again, we finished the dish.  ~~Braised pork belly tacos (with pickled onions, kimchi salsa, queso fresco) The queso fresco was a nice touch but the pork belly itself was dry.  ~~Oxtail terrine (caramelized onion puree, roasted mushrooms) It was a bit dry for me. The others in our group waxed poetic about this dish from previous visit but perhaps because there were so many dishes, it did not impress me.  ~~Crispy Pork Trotter Torchon (with slow cooked egg, spicy mayo) We call it their version of crispy pata.  It was alright but I didn't think it was crispy.  ~~Crack and Cheese - (gnocchi, bacon and cheese) Their version of mac and cheese would have been perfect if we did not order too many items. ~~Papardelle pasta (with slow cooked egg, roasted mushrooms and broccoli rabe) -  I can no longer taste anything by the time that we tried the pasta but the brocolli rabe had a crunch although there were some tough bits on the pasta. As I've said the yuzu sorbet was hands-down the best dessert but then again the trio of sorbets gave us such a thrill: apple miso, thai iced tea and white peach jalapeno.  It was a challenge to choose which we liked best so much so that we're already planning coming back. Did we mention that we also ordered the rice krispies and ice cream? It would have been a blast to meet Chef Daniel Yi, who grew up in Sunnyside too and who is bringing business to the neighborhood.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,9/10/2012,158,189,8,11,9>I recently discovered this place when they so graciously put a menu in my door.  After glancing over the menu I noticed pork intestine amongst other odd offerings as well as some of the usual staples. This place is not your ordinary Chinese takeout.  And with oddities like intestines and fish head stew, Satay, you have my attention.I always order delivery from them. Cash only. The service is always quick and the food is always fresh.  The curries are nice and pungent and the  rice and noodles are always perfectly cooked. As are the apps, particularly the Roti and the intestine. Yeah I said intestine. (don't judge me, lol) I am not the expert on animal entrails but I would venture to say that these are done very well.(where is Anthony Bourdain when you need him.) They're deep fried along with a plum sauce (I think).     You can get it all here from the normal to bizarre and it's all very very good.  If you're like me and you like the weird, you'll be very happy.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,9/9/2012,1007,752,16,25,22>400th review goes to Du Bois Pastry! This bakery has been around for a long time in Elmhurst. The pastries, cookies, pies, fresh loafs of bread, croissants, and cakes are traditional and delicious. They have a great location on Broadway. It's located right in between two major train stations in Elmhurst (Grand Ave Newtown and Elmhurst Ave) and they have a parking lot. DO NOT park in Walgreens' lot! I've seen some customer vehicles get towed a few times. Their parking lot is around the corner of St. James Ave.Pastries - Freshly baked everyday. They make this weird knot looking pastry and it's really good and inexpensive.Cookies - My FAV! They have a very nice variety of cookies on display. I remember as a child, I would come in here and get half pound or sometimes a full pound of cookies and just munch away on the walk home. Their almond cookies are heavenly!Cakes - They make a great strawberry shortcake and tiramisu. The strawberry shortcake is what their known for. The cream and fresh strawberries is delightful but their tiramisu is really good too. It's hard to dislike tiramisu. The ladyfingers are delicious! I usually alternate when getting cakes from Du Bois. The thing I like about Du Bois' cakes, it's not overly sweet. Places like Martha's Country Bakery and Carlo's Bakery, it's just a sugary overdose in my opinion. I like sweet but not obese sweet.Pies - Another one of my favorites would have to be their fruit pie. Excellent crust topped with mouth watering fruits and there's some type of tasty custard inside.Service - Excellent! It's a real bakery that produces a lot of goods everyday. The bakers been here for a long time. They're brothers and they are really friendly people.Verdict - It's a great bakery in Elmhurst. For them to be around this long, they definitely know what their doing. There's not much competition around here. There are plenty of chinese bakeries in this area of Elmhurst but it's a whole different type of selection. At chinese bakeries in Elmhurst, you're getting laxative laced buns and complete cakes that are just made out of cream and old fruits. If you're looking for a good quality bakery in Elmhurst, Du Bois is your best bet!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,9/8/2012,395,204,8,16,11>Juice for Life is pretty good. I started out drinking their juices but moved on to solid foods seeing that my co-worker recommended that I try it. A lot of these reviews will say stuff like it's really pricey or whatever. They're right, the food is pricey, but eating this food benefits you mentally cause you realize you're taking in a lot less calories than if you ate anything else. Most of their dishes range from 400 to 500 calories and their servings are pretty big, for the most part. I think the best values would be from the wraps, if you're looking for best value. Don't bother with the Lunch Box Specials, cause I don't think they're as big, in terms of serving size, when compared with the wraps or the meals. They deliver rather quickly. Our office is in New Hyde Park and we get our food between 30 to 40 minutes from when we make the call. You'll just have to plan in advance. That's just the cost of being healthy. You want to eat pizza or burritos or whatever, go right ahead, but the whole point of eating here isn't to just eat something that tastes good. The whole point is to eat something that tastes good and FEELS good after you're done. My favorite is the TKO meal. That's TKO as in Total Knock Out. It's 450 calories - Grilled Chicken marinated in Garlic Sauce and Ginger served over a bed of Brown Rice for $10.00. The flavor is subtle and the serving size is huge. The chicken isn't juicy or anything but I like it. I still don't believe it's 450 calories. I bet you it's slightly more, cause there's so much brown rice. Or maybe I just don't know anything about brown rice.The juice selection is okay. For those people who are into juicing, I'm pretty sure that they use a centrifugal juicer. It would be impossible for them to fulfill their lunch time rush juice orders if they were using a masticating juicer. You can taste some of the grind in the juice, which is fine, whatever. My favorite in terms of taste is anything other than The Hulk (#2) because everything except for #2 has fruit in it. The Hulk, without an apple or a lemon, tastes gross. My favorite in terms of being healthy is The Hulk, which is what I order most of the time. I say to myself, Jimmy, don't be a pussy, if you're going to drink juice, drink The Hulk. The Hulk = Celery, Spinach, Broccoli, Kale and ParsleyTry it out, but before you order from here, keep in mind that you're ordering from here because it's healthy and not just because you're hungry and it's time for lunch and you want to shove something into that mouth of yours cause that's what people do when they're hungry. You're ordering from here because you've made a decision to try to be a healthier person, at least for that meal.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,9/7/2012,226,636,11,5,6>Man, have I been dreading writing a review for J'aime. Goes completely against 'guy code' and 'manliness', but oh well here goes:My girlfriend and I were in the middle of a super lazy Saturday and after some back and forth, I decided to go for a manicure and pedicure at this place. I just had my nails cut and cuticles pushed back. NO polish, in case some of you were wondering. First off though, I'm a straight dude who is usually never into girly crap (eye brow waxing, tanning, etc.) like this. But being really active and running 15-20 miles a week, my feet definitely take a beating and this ended up being a nice treat. We came here after passing up Eve's on 30th and we're taken 'upstairs' for our pedicures immediately. They baby'ed the shit out of my feet! After the girls worked their magic, my feet felt like brand new. I wish I did this when I was in the military and had to wear steel-toed bootes 24/7. My manicure was just as nice. A little filing, cuticle pushing and massage and I was good to go. The staff here is really nice (not in a 'I just popped 2 prozac's' nice) and didn't make me feel like an asshole, since I was basically the only guy in the establishment.  J'aime won't ever become part of my normal grooming routine, but when my feet start getting gnarly again or I get a bunch of hangnails on my hands, I'll stop in for this again.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,9/6/2012,545,1338,15,18,16>Momos for beginners, that's how I refer to Namaste Tashi Delek Momo Dumpling Palace. It took me awhile to find this stall, to brave past the Tandoori chicken and chaos. For an outsider who is used to everything so formulated in the restaurant business, it can be daunting to step inside the Merit Kebab and Dumpling Palace. People are shouting all over the place, the line is scattered, and the people are so engrossed in their food you will wonder how to break through that barrier and become one of them sinking your fingers into a plate of colorful orange, yellow, and hot pink rice.All the way in the back is Nepalese/Tibetan food. I like to buy their momos. They come eight pieces in a Styrofoam container. I started out with beef. Once, I watched the juice of the momos quickly coagulate. I now shy away from the beef fat and have moved on to the chicken momos. The veggie momos take 10 minutes to steam and I like my food fast when I'm starving off the train. I have yet to try the healthiest option of momos. The beef and chicken ones are just always readily available.  There are two dipping sauces that come with the momos- a buttery sweet Tamarind one or the put your mouth on fire tomato chutney one. I like to get both and switch back and forth. A lot of people say that the momos at Namaste Tashi Delek Momo Dumpling Palace are not the best but I like them. They are a nice introduction to momos and to me they most resemble a Chinese dumpling, plump and crescent shaped. The dough is not too thick. The wrapped is strong enough to hold the filling and hearty enough to warm the belly. I eat them like a meal. On cold days I like to buy the chicken soups with Thukpa thin noodles almost like spaghetti or Thentuk hand pulled thick noodles. The soup tastes homemade and are quite substantial. I like to put the soy based sauce into it with the peppers. It gives it a nice spicy, sour, vinegarish flavor.If you pay in cash, they charge $1 cheaper. The steam table looks good with lots of potatoes and chicken. You won't run out of options with  Namaste Tashi Delek Momo Dumpling Palace. You just gotta be a little adventurous.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,9/5/2012,262,613,8,8,7>Any restaurant that features a sign with a happy looking pig with a napkin draped around its neck catches my eye.Such was the case with Hornado Ecuatoriano and, thanks to Rachel A's review, I knew exactly what to order: the hornado!I'm an Ecuadorian eater newbie and without the power of google, would not really know what some of the platos tipicos were. While Spanish was by far the dominant language here, our waitress knew enough English to make ordering easy. (Without resorting to our butchering the language of Cervantes!)When you step in, you'll notice Valentine's Day decorations that are still hanging. It's like keeping Christmas decorations up all year: when december rolls around, you don't have to do any work!There are a few mirrors around the dining room too, which made possible for me to catch a scantily clad female posterior advertised on Telemundo which was on the ol' TV. (From where we sat I could look out and see "Romanticos" Gentlemen's Club across the street).Hornado is roast pig. That's all you need to know. But it helps to know about and consume with enthusiasm, the two sides that came with it: mote (hominy) and corn cakes. (I'll ignore the salad which I didn't bother with).According to Wikipedia, mote is the main ingredient of many dishes in Cuenca, Ecuador. I do know that Cuenca is quite an attractive spot for North American expats so if I ever escape from it all to Ecuador, I now know what to eat.Upon initial taste I thought this was a bit bland but I'm someone who eats oatmeal religiously...so I didn't mind at all. There wasn't much sweetness to the flavor but again, not a problem for me. I found that mixing it with a mashing of the corn cakes produced the ideal flavor combo.(And for my sci-fi aware fans, I couldn't help but think of "The Mote in God's Eye", a Larry Niven 1974 novel. Not quite the same mote...)Anyway, the arrival of the hornado demanded trumpet fanfare. I especially liked the inclusion of the roasted pig skin on my plate. Crispy with a little bit of fat, I was entering hog heaven. The rest of the was moist and juicy and stood on its own without requiring any sauce to liven things up. For $13 I was satisfied and ready to return for more. At this rate, the equator of the earth won't be Ecuador but my expanding belly!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/4/2012,593,1089,10,12,12>this little bakery delivers a 1-2 Colombian knockout punch with delicious baked goods and low prices.the empanada I got - the "Colombiano" - was great. decently sized, and crispy, but just a little oily to seal the deal; the mix of beef, potato and spices is blended well. it only sets you back $1.50. the red hot sauce on the side is a nice little kick in the mouth too!BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE (RIP Billy Mays)! there are also cheese breads, other meat- and vegetable-based baked goods (bread with yucca?! I MUST TRY THIS), and several sweet pastries as well. so many options! it's probably a good thing I was in a rush or I might have eaten a lot more than just one empanada...a handful of stools at a small counter provide limited seating.I'll definitely be back to try some more of their offerings. waddle waddle waddle waddle waddle, yeah!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,9/3/2012,227,484,4,9,6>Finally a BareBurger in Forest Hills!  The first time we went they didn't have the Breakfast or Brunch menu yet, but the 2nd time we went back the hostess was incredibly helpful and friendly and they finally got B&B!The hostess recommended the Elk and Bison meat.  Meat I'd never otherwise try.  There's nothing wrong with your classic organic Beef or Turkey, but we never felt the need to try anything else.  Did you know that organic animals aren't gamey tasting because they don't release a toxin into their body when they're butchered?   The guys tried the Elk meat in The Western and The Classic while I had the Pesto Red Pepper burger in Bison.  We swapped halves to try each others but my favorite was my bison burger.  The meat is very lean but meaty and had an earthy flavor with a slightly different texture.  A better choice than beef.  The elk tasted just like beef and looked just like beef.  Thanks the hostess recommendations, we were adventurous and the next time I came, I tried the Wild boar cuban sandwich.  I was expecting a ham like texture but it's actually very lean and not at all like pork.  It's a bit drier in texture but it went well with the Canadian bacon, mustard, and pickle relish.  Just one more to try and that would be the ostrich.You can bet I'll be back.  The fries and various dipping sauces are awesome.  And I can feel a good about making a decision to eat organic burgers instead of unhealthy pink slime.  As for sides, I don't recommend the Sweet Potato Croq's unless you really love mashed sweet potato balls.  Just a warning if your waiter doesn't tell you in advance, these balls are hot balls of fire!  Like literally so hot on the inside.  My favorite sides are the fried pickles.  These are the best I've had, really thick sliced in the perfect shell of batter.  Not too thin and not too thick, just right.  You don't even need the mayo dipping sauce.So glad FH finally got an upstanding burger joint, it's going to give Cheeburger Cheeburger and Johnny Rockets a run for their money.  I favor BB because of their quality pairings in toppings.  They're quality organic gourmet burgers for a decent price.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,4/30/2012,188,404,3,13,10>Sunnyside, you continue to surprise me.... This little cafe is in the cut on 49th street  - in fact, i have passed it numerous times, and never really thought about it.The cafe is on the first floor, very classic and reminiscent of a european cafe (i think thats what she is going for) - perhaps the way it is decorated, the music that plays on the speakers (or the eastern european patron)... They have a selection a sandwiches, paninis, crepes (savory or sweet), coffees, espressos, and the one thing i really liked BEER - just like europe/latin america.  The menu is quite extensive - but it took me a while to figure out what it said because of the strange font.To eat - I had a crepe with prosciutto, cheese (i forgot what the lady called it but it tasted like swiss) and spinach($10/ 3 choices of ingredients), and a cafe americano.. The food was very good.  I really thought this was a cool spot - i like that it's small and i was glad it wasn't crowded when  i went.  They have a second room downstairs that i was told is used as a venue for live music... Interesting, i might have to check it out sometime.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,4/29/2012,92,206,6,7,7>When hubby told me he wanted to go to a panini place, my initial thought was, "Really? Panini? Boooooorrriiiiiiiiing!" Curiosity won me over, and OMG I'm completely hooked. Their bread is so crispy and delicious, but really lets the fillings shine through. The fried eggplant panini with roast mushrooms, goat cheese and spicy mayo is an excellent vegetarian choice. You can taste everything: the cheese, eggplant and mayo. Delicious! My favorite brunch item is the Sir Oink-a-Lot: sweet sausage, scrambled eggs, caramlized onions and basil pesto. I order it with extra pesto right in there and it is to die for! The one thing you must have is the tomato bisque, which they serve with pesto crostini. Share if you must, but you might want your own bowl. If you are vegetarian, or don't eat a lot of pork, don't let the menu scare you off - they will try to accomodate your requests, without any attitude. Service is always friendly and fast, portions are huge, and the restaurant is really cozy. Love it!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,4/28/2012,203,182,5,9,10>I've been going to Astoria more and more lately--discovering it has many delightful foods on offer! Cevabdzinica Sarajevo doesn't look like much from the street--in fact, not much different from a Burger King. But press on, dear yelper. For this is your one-stop shop for a classic Balkan meal of grilled beef cevapi (little sausages) and pljeskavica (balkan burgers), served with plenty of minced onions, buttery pita bread and ajvar, a roasted red pepper spread.I asked if they served beer. The woman on the phone said no. I asked if we could bring our own. She paused a second, and then said "ok, sure." It's that kind of place. They don't have a BYOB "policy."We were helped by a very friendly woman from Montenegro. She explained that the owner is from Sarajevo. We also saw a very old woman in a shawl eating soup--the owner's mother! It's a family joint--and you'll feel right at home.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,4/27/2012,42,54,23,25,24>This is the best ice and ice cream place IN THE WORLD.Seriously.Maybe I haven't actually been to every ice place on earth, but one taste of this stuff... And you'll be just as convinced as I am.This is as good as it gets.They have water ices, creamy ices, ice cream and frozen yogurt and their menu for each one is extensive. It's an alphabetized, wonderfully overwhelming list of creative flavors you wouldn't have thought of, with classic ones in between.Their ices have a smooth texture and don't taste like they have simply been injected with some cheap imitation flavors. Nope. These flavors are the real deal. I have no idea what their secret it but OH MY GOSH, they are spot on. I promise you will smile big and your eyes will pop out of your head a little when you discover how perfect their flavors are. On numerous occasions, my boyfriend and I can't help but say "HOW DO THEY DO IT?!?!"A small is $2.50 and gets you two generous scoops. You can mix flavors which is perfect since it can be hard to decide which one you want. The owner and employees are awesome and let you try a bunch of flavors. Even in the summer months, when the line goes out the door, they manage to handle the crowd well despite the time people spend selecting flavors. Nobody ever waits long.For those of you that like frozen yogurt, they have Only 8 frozen yogurt and usually offer six flavors. There's your typical vanilla, chocolate and pistachio - and then some others like raspberry, peanut butter and pomegranate. Like the ices, you can mix two flavors. Vanilla with pistachio is a personal favorite.My most recent mind-blowing flavor...CARROT CAKE. Carrot cake ice cream. I kid you not. It was incredible.Go here. NOW."But it's winter!" - you say...WHATEVER. They have a slightly smaller (though still large) menu during the winter months and it's so worth it. Just eat it in your heated car. DUUUUH.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/26/2012,304,974,9,8,8>My favorite airline.  Absolute favorite!You want to watch DirecTV while you fly?  Yeah, they've got that.You want to listen to satellite radio?  Got that, too!You want to play all sorts of games?  Yep, got that.You want to harass the cute guy (or girl) next to you?  Yep, you can text other seats on the plane.I would take a star away because the food, while a large selection, isn't that great but they make up for it with everything else!  The seats are amazingly comfy, the plane itself looks like the inside of a nightclub (or fancy restaurant with the lighting) and they play music while you're boarding the aircraft.  Plus!  They always have some sort of awesome fare deal going on.  I get ridiculously good prices every time I fly to LA because of them.  Keep in mind, they don't offer many routes but they are great for flying non-stop to California from New York.  Their JFK terminal isn't spectacular by any means, but are you there for that or for your flight experience?  Personally, for me it's all about how I'm doing when I'm mile-high.Virgin definitely knows how to handle a lot of people considering their name.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,4/25/2012,24,113,3,9,6>This place makes me want to be Italian so I can hang out with the owner and the employees after hours. I've always walked by Rosarios for the past 3 years but was inspired by all the little italian ladies that come in and out all the time.I tried the chicken parm hero and I was amazed. Definitely beats a sandwich from subway. I also bought some fresh mozzarella and some vacuum packed gnocchi. AMAZING. I can't wait to come back for a slice of pizza and to try all the chocolate goodies. Their variety of pastas, oils, coffee, and other imported goods is amazing.This place makes me feel so happy to support small independent shops like these. I'll never go anywhere else for my Italian deli needs. Try it!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/24/2012,68,166,4,8,7>If I could sum up my love for Queens, food and coffee into one humble spot that I can probably spend all day in, then I would want it to keep it all within the walls of the Queens Kickshaw. The owners and employees are welcoming, super sweet and everyone contributes to this awesome vibe going on inside the place. Sometimes I forget that just outside the door is the Steinway Street that I grew up loitering on as a bratty teen. I feasted on the Manchego & Ricotta Grilled Cheese which also had eggplant and capers and came with a side salad. It had a lot of strong flavors, especially because of the capers.  I loved it. For the $8-$10 price point, you will get a quality filling lunch.  I am speaking for probably all of the grilled cheeses. I also had an iced Mexican Biosphere Reserve coffee which I absolutely loved and makes me excited for more coffee adventures here.Oh! And don't sleep on the sides/snacks! The curried pumpkin seeds are the bee's knees. I even took a container home for munching. When you combine good food with good people, you simply feel better about life. Well, I do!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,4/23/2012,118,243,1,6,3>4.5 starsOne of the best BBQ I've ever had. Big plus since its:1) moderately priced2) staff are nice3) close to my home4) it's cute - love the hand drawn labels.I would come here every other weekend but my body and wallet would hate me forever.Pulled Pork Sandwich - the meat is so smokey but i wish they would serve it on warm breadChopped Brisket - a little greasy but "melts in your mouth" goodRibs - a little dry if you eat it as is.3 BROS. Famous steak sandwich - steak on garlic bread.. clean taste!!Po' Boy original - it was okay.. we wanted the shrimp one but forgot to specify which one so they automatically gave us chicken.Baked Beans - big chunks of meatJambalaya - great flavor!Creamed Spinach - tasted too healthy aka bland. A little disappointed because I had high expectations since they never had any left when I wanted it.Saved the best for last. Drum roll please!!****Corn bread - I usually don't really care for them but these are to die for! Big warm moist squared piece of corn bread.****Bread Pudding - my first bread pudding with caramel sauce. Loved it!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,4/22/2012,394,610,7,8,6>Triple like!...as we found this place on a detour in the midst of the 5 Boro Bike Tour while in Astoria after coming off the Queensborough Bridge. We were looking for a bite to eat before heading back on track! I love finding random great grub so unexpectedly! Fish is their specialty... but their FETA CHEESE was AMAZING!!!.... little drizzle of olive oil and lemon juice on their Greek salad with the side of the most amazing GARLIC TOAST was the most fabulous things  yet! The portions were big! I couldn't finish the broiled salmon by myself! I tried the flounder, amazing too! All of the fish come with sides too....Gnom gnom gnom gnom! :)
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,4/21/2012,173,288,5,10,8>I came here on mother's day with a party of six and was happily surprised by this place. I usually expect a lot of ignoring when I go to Korean restaurants because I can't speak Korean, but this place was top-notch in hospitality.We got around 6 appetizer dishes, and they refilled them without any fuss and without us asking some times. The seaweed one was amazing - delicate green seaweed with a little spice. There was also the standard kimchi and a little stranger dish - 2 roasted fish. The fish was tender and salty, pretty good. They also served bean curd skin, spicy and chewy. There was also a cold casserole/macaroni dish that I didn't care much for. They also served puffy egg and a soup on the house, probably because we had a large party. Kai bi - very tender and well marinated. For $27.00, it was quite expensive, but worth it. The bulgogi was cheaper, around $23.00, but not nearly as good as the kai bi. Spend the extra few dollars and get the former. I also got the jap che, which was pretty oily, but still tasted very good. There was definitely a lot  more veggies than noodles. The tofu soup was standard, nothing great, nothing awful. They don't have a wide selection of tofu soups. Overall, this place is amazing, and close to home. I don't have to trek all the way to Flushing anymore for some good 'ol Korean!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/11/2014,61,112,7,8,7>Well...just YUM is all I have to say.After my sister suggested we try Mad for Chicken, I should bow down to her.We arrived and from the outside it looks like a hole in the wall for lack of a better word. On the inside we were pleasantly surprised that it looks like a somewhat nice sit-down sports bar type place. We ordered the mad for chicken fries with chicken and my friend and I shared the 5 drumstick-10 wing combo with garlic soy--only $21 and it was more than enough for the two of us! The chicken was crispy and savory on the outside but tender and juicy on the inside. I really don't know how they do it, but they really cook it to a perfect shell that almost has a candied shell. This was my first Korean fried chicken experience and I'm pretty sure there's no turning back now. Another amazing plus: They had my FAVORITE cider: Original Sin! Yay! :)
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/10/2014,33,250,7,9,8>Once upon a time in a galaxy far far away, my dad used to take me to these fantastic sushi joints in Midtown East run by authentic Japanese sushi chefs which started my affinity for the stuff.  Since then, the sushi scene in NYC has changed dramatically and quality in general throughout the city has suffered immensely.Sushi Yasu is a throwback to those days.  The prices are commensurate with the quality but those who are used to rolls and sushi for under 20 bucks better be prepared to spend a tad more.  The fish with the chirashi was fantastically fresh and perfectly cut.  The rice was warm, delicately seasoned and had sprinkles of grilled fish and crispy fish skin on top.  The nigiri was no slouch either as it was excellent.  Service I though was a tad slow but after seeing the quality of my food, I get it.  I highly recommend this place, it's worth every penny and every second you spend in there.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/9/2014,76,131,7,12,6>Get the oeuf gamin for breakfast or brunch. C'est magnifique!It is a beautifully golden and crispy goat cheese potato hash brown on a bed of tangy tender ratatouille, topped with a perfectly poached egg... and I have been dreaming of it since I tasted it.From the giant mugs of cafe au lait, to the textbook version of a croque monsieur balanced with a remarkable side salad kissed with brown mustard seeds, to the sexy yet adorable and sincere French staff, to the brilliant transformation of 718 into a restaurant of which Astoria should be exceedingly proud--for all of that, Cafe Francis deserves a certain... je ne sais pas?The side dishes are a master class in French excess and magnificence.  The desserts are parfait.  In my opinion, this might be the best, most authentic and true to its origins  French restaurant in the whole city.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/8/2014,85,108,6,13,9>SUPERB!!! I absolutely love and adore this place! It's so clean and dainty for a mostly Chinese takeout place! The best of all is the service! Mama Lee is super friendly and awesome and really cares about her customers. My family has always gotten takeout from here when they don't feel like cooking and I never knew why until I was craving it and decide to go in person myself. The first time I stopped by I only got the chicken roll I so craved and when I left I ended up with chocolates as treats from Mama Lee! Next, I decided to dine in instead of taking out. I ordered a chicken roll and braised minced pork over rice. She offered me soda, soup, tea and absolutely anything you can think of. She even worried I wouldn't have enough to eat since I was there sharing with my boy so she offered us more rice. The chef also came out to greet us and offered us soup of the day. The soup of the day is superb also! It's not MSG, but rather it's traditional Chinese soup that's healthy and not fattening. The food there is overall awesome and tastes just like home. I have yet to try everything on their menu! I'll definitely be a regular to dine in there instead of just taking out though!PS: I rarely give 5 stars. This place really is the bomb ;)
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,8/7/2014,121,334,13,9,9>A federal prosecutor once told me, "The one good thing about mob joints is that they have excellent food."  Cops aren't allowed to eat here (web.archive.org/web/2010) -- and I must say that I felt guilty (even as a civilian) giving the place business, but DAMN IT WAS GOOD.I'm going to keep this review short and sweet because I feel guilty.  Food was amazing (think fresh mussels and calamari atop oil and white wine-drenched angel-hair pasta), portions were huge (think of plates that will be leftovers twice and an assorted bread basket on each table that can serve a platoon), service that is impeccable (of course big Italian guys in suits), various floors of seating (booths of Italian guys in suits again -- I am shocked, shocked, I tell you!), and the ambiance was... authentic, to say the least.  I half expected the ghost of Lucky Luciano to appear in the mirror on my way to the bathroom.  But actually.It's not inventive.  There's nothing on the menu that you haven't had a million times before.  But it's probably the best that you've had of those dishes.  They even accept credit cards (which actually did surprise me).  Obviously they lost a star because of their ties.  I won't go back because of that (I'm a cop's daughter, what can I say) but wow, what an experience.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,8/6/2014,29,52,5,11,4>I'm really excited about this place and I hope they do well. It's very basic, *classic* renditions of pho soup and banh mi sandwiches. No-one is trying to reinvent anything or putting a quirky spin on things, unlike practically every other banh mi place in the city. Just fresh bread, toasted perfectly, with good ingredients in the perfect ratio. It's not the kind of thing you can write an interesting blog entry about because the secret ingredient is the care that goes into the food. In fact they are so far outside of the usual food-marketing machine that the sandwiches are just called "sandwich" and the soup is just "noodle soup" as opposed to "Banh Mi" and "Pho".My recommendation is the BBQ beef sandwich, but they're probably all good. Also they're $5 and as big as your forearm.The soup has good flavor but needs a little work in the presentation. They keep the broth and noodles in the fridge behind the counter and just microwave it for you when you order, which is fine except that the noodles can get mushy from microwaving, to the point where they break into little pieces when you try to pick them up with chopsticks. Also they serve it in a wide, shallow, plastic take-out bowl which is ok, but a deeper bowl would make it easier to eat the soup. I would recommend maybe getting the soup to go (they'll give it to you cold, with the wet and dry ingredients in separate containers), and then heating it up at home.Vietnamese coffee is also quite good. Recommended if you're in the area.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,8/5/2014,757,559,7,8,10>As I sit in front of my pint of lightly iced Black Cherry Cider by McKenzies Brewery which I really enjoy during the full calender year as opposed to a strictly summer beverage. Yes, even during the cold NY winter while watching the Super Bowl, I can drain pint after refreshing pint.While I re-read the menu from top to bottom, I realize that I already am mentally and gastricly committed to the Acey Ducey Burger having enjoyed this scrumptious menu item many times already. I ordered my delectably juicy American classic right at the beginning of the third quarter of the Super Bowl, perhaps not the best time as the bar was brimming with activity, yet my order came out with surprising quickness. The bun which is similar to a larger sized English Muffin really could not hold itself together for more than a few bites, which typically would be a negative as it relates to my review. However when the taste of the burger topped with bacon, cheese and an over easy egg hit my palate, I was less concerned with the buns temperance and structure and hyper focused on the flavor profile that I was enthusiastically experiencing. My table side manner is usually quite appropriate, but being in the presence of such a masterful piece of carnivore architecture, all mannerly bets are off.The bars  name is derived from a game of cards in which the player bets between two cards on the table. Ace deuce is the optimum situation and bet the pot if you are ever in that situation.To my burger loving compatriots, stop in and give one a try. You have my iron clad assurance you will be 'Loving It' more than any burger on the avenue, including the one with the golden arches with the a fore mentioned annoying marketing slogan and priced within a dollar or two of that unclean, health problems induced, poor excuse for food.Lets keep local food and beverages on the Avenue, support our local businesses and Lets Keep Local Alive on the Avenue.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,8/4/2014,73,135,5,6,8>This is one of my favorite places in Kew Gardens. I consider myself truly lucky this is so close to where I live. We get great movies in an independently owned local/friendly establishment. And it's always a great variety of movies. Not to mention that during pre-Oscar days/weeks, they play most of the Oscar contenders - for a lengthy amount of time. Love that.The place itself has several theatres. There's a waiting area in the front where you can have a seat and enjoy an old movie classic. Oh! And they offer matinee prices! You just have to be there at the right times to get them. But really, it's nice they do that in a time when most places no longer offer them.One final nice touch: They sell homemade chocolate chip cookies.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,8/3/2014,187,258,6,6,5>The famed Bomb sandwich is aptly named. It is truly outstanding, a superb balance of flavor and texture. It lives up to the hype and more. It's also crazy freaking messy. :)This place is not fancy, but you won't come here for that. You'll come here to get a food baby on the cheap. The Bomb is massive, a hero loaded with eeeeeverything and topped with the works. The vinegar and peppers are my favorite little cherry on top, as they throw the flavor over the edge. My man and I have become fond of splitting one of these for dinner. One sandwich and one yummy Stewart's soda comes out to exactly $10 and you can't beat that for a meal for two!We're looking forward to trying out the Italian Combo, too. I'd like to go and get a "regular" hero with, like, two meats or something, but I just can't resist the Bomb when we walk in those doors.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/2/2014,174,201,8,9,7>This 700+ strong international hotpot chain finally arrived in Flushing a few months ago to great fanfare! I've only heard good things about this chain, so I was excited to try it out.The space is decorated nice and modern, without too much flair. Everything still has that new-restaurant sheen that I'm sure will get FLUSHING-ed down the toilet given enough time (geddit?), but for now it is clean. But décor aside, the food is the important bit!I am happy to say that the broth was among the best I've had. They seem to offer a pork-based, milky white broth livened up with deep flavors from various herbs and spices including cardamom and ginseng, as well as spicy sichuan peppercorns if you elect to get the firey broth.I was treating my parents to dinner here (and my father can't really handle spice -- Koreans everywhere shake their heads) so we got the yin-yang pot, which is half mild and half spicy broth. I elected to go spiciest on the spicy side (which turned out to have a nice heat that didn't overpower the deep flavors of the base broth at all or make the meal inedible).We also ordered a large variety of ingredients, including the vegetable combo, mushroom basket, tofu combo, lamb, beef, pork belly, surf clam strips, house meat and shrimp balls, and fresh noodles. Everything was very fresh and really good quality. There weren't any brown spots on any leaves, no frozen meat, and a nice variety of food was in each of the combos. Normally I'm wary of eating the tofu uncooked/heated through, but I ate the soft tofu with just a bit of sauce and it was great.My favorite items by far were the meatballs and the pork belly. The meatballs, all made in-house, were neither frozen nor pre-cooked. After being cooked through, they remained very soft and the texture was wonderful (especially the shrimp!!). The pork belly, as it cooked, added a lot of savoriness to the broth via the rendered fat and made it that much richer. The beef and lamb were both very tender and flavorful as well. The noodles (thick ones? first one on the list if I remember correctly) were really good with a great texture. We ended up ordering two large plates!The one ingredient that I may not order again was the surf clam (which was very tough, but that's due to the nature of the meat not really the quality of the ingredient).We also got a plate of Mongolian kimchi on the side as a palate cleanse and it was interesting. It was made with regular cabbage and was sweeter than its Korean counterpart. Sort of reminded me of the sweet pickled radish/carrot of Vietnamese cuisine.The sauce bar was great and had a nice selection of ingredients. I decided to mix the sweet soy sauce with shacha sauce, garlic, vinegar, sesame oil, and scallions.The service was pretty good, although they messed up twice; they forgot our kimchi and brought out scallops instead of clams (maybe we should have just kept them, they looked pretty fresh and may have been a better choice haha). But besides that they were pretty good and spoke English well (though they seemed to think I was Chinese, and while I can understand some basic stuff, I'm not!).My one problem with the place is probably the price. I hear they have an AYCE option, which might actually end up being way better than ordering à la carte as we did. While at one glance the prices seem pretty low, they do add up very quickly and we ended up dropping almost $140 after tax and tip for three people.But other than that, I'm very happy with the quality of the food, the service, and convenient location! Recommended for sure (be sure to get the in-house meatballs and pork belly. Skip the surf clams)!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/8/2014,118,139,4,11,9>There's always room for another spin on one of the worlds most diverse cuisines and this Elmhurst newcomer is off to a promising start.The staff here is exceptional prepped to welcome cultural crossover. I have some multicultural dining experience under my belt (literally) but I still appreciated the polite inquiries about our spice tolerance, familiarity with shrimp paste and other preliminaries that benefit the uninitiated. No worries regarding linguistic barriers for English speakers.We tried two dishes on our first visit. My partner said the super crispy catfish "was her faborite fish ever."  I'm careful doling out praise that high, but it was impressive.  A modest size piece of fish, miraculously transformed by frying, a merry crunch yielding quickly to an inside so tender you could eat the bones if you were inclined.  Creamy flavor. The tempeh, tofu and cucumbers rounded the plate out served over fragrant coconut rice. Use the condiments, sparingly if you are a newbie, but know the dish is meant to be dressed.  The crab noodles are great for late evening dining (we were there at 9 with 30 minutes till closing). Jaunty noodles with a solid spring to the bite but yielding.  Generously crabbed and including intense meatballs and dumplings.  Again, the diner bears some responsibility in the "post-production" here.  Add the laid-back broth provided with an eye towards soupifying without soggifying and add hot sauce per personal discretion and you will be able to claim a piece of pride in your excellent meal.Everything in the menu is priced $6-10 bucks (and weighted towards the cheaper end).Is this spot cursed? I hope not. A series of perfectly good kitchens have closed in this location.   This is not much of a retrofitting of the previous restaurant but a significantly different menu.  The decor and bright lights may be a bit quotidian but the food is definitely a cut above.I'm putting my blessings and dollars on this joint going long term.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,9/9/2014,127,136,6,10,7>My past experience left a sour taste in my mouth when I came for Valentine's Day, but the manager kindly reached out to me & wanted me to give them another shot; so I decided "hey why not?".We came here to celebrate my husband's birthday.Our reservations were for 10pm Saturday night, but made it 20mins later due to the over capacity of cars in valet. We managed to find parking 3 blocks away which wasn't no problem since we shared a little romantic walk together which is hard since were always driving lol.As you approach Don Coqui, there's a big flat screen playing the key elements of all their past events which is defiantly a eye catcher! There was already a line when we arrived but Eric who is one of the security guards,  escorted us inside where we were greeted by Joesph the manger! He was such a sweetheart that I couldn't stop raving about how well he made his customers his number one priority!The interior is gorgeous, reflecting ceilings,  purple light against their white furniture, truly makes a romantic yet hip ambiance (it depends on your out look of romantic). Beautiful people plus amazing food how can you go wrong?Our waiter's name was "Hordhay" (correct me if I'm wrong); he took care of us the entire night, answering every question I had about each item on the menu.The bread is literally crack, I swear I don't know what they put in it..but my JESUS it is freaking amazing!!!-The red sangria is the bomb; sweet yet tart at the same time__it will defiantly sneak up on you as the night goes on!Hubby ordered the 12oz center cut fillet Mignon (well done) with salad & french fries; he is a hard person to please but he couldn't stop raving on how well the steak was seasoned; and this is coming from a man who always needs his A1 steak sauce to eat his meats. Moist, tender, melt in your mouth; yeaa that was pretty much his out take on his dish. The fries we also on point, cooked to perfection!I had the Churrasco (well done) with home made mash potatoes & broccoli. My meat was bursting with latin flavor. I literally took 1 hr to eat, savoring each and every single bite! My mash potatoes had loved cooked into it and did not disappoint, my steak was tender and moist!! I was a very happy camper.The Coquito shots were on the house; and they did not disappoint at all_yummy_For dessert the staff brought was tres leches cake, while singing a happy birthday song for my baby! (it was beyond cute) The cake was super moist & was dripping with so much yummy juices we devoured it withing minutes.We decided to stay on the night club side for 45 minutes before we left,  this was my first time in a authentic latin night club. Nothing like the club I usually attend in Queens (which is a good thing) The DJ was playing a different style of mix music since the crowd was diverse, everyone was dancing and having such a great time. On the plus side they had many bouncers around to make sure everything went smoothly!!We thank the manager & our waiter on making the night so wonderful for us, plus on top of that the manger gave us 2 free drinks which won over my heart completely =) Yummy sangria!!I will definitely come back here at least once a month! Thank you Joesph for such an amazing night!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/8/2014,118,139,4,11,9>There's always room for another spin on one of the worlds most diverse cuisines and this Elmhurst newcomer is off to a promising start.The staff here is exceptional prepped to welcome cultural crossover. I have some multicultural dining experience under my belt (literally) but I still appreciated the polite inquiries about our spice tolerance, familiarity with shrimp paste and other preliminaries that benefit the uninitiated. No worries regarding linguistic barriers for English speakers.We tried two dishes on our first visit. My partner said the super crispy catfish "was her faborite fish ever."  I'm careful doling out praise that high, but it was impressive.  A modest size piece of fish, miraculously transformed by frying, a merry crunch yielding quickly to an inside so tender you could eat the bones if you were inclined.  Creamy flavor. The tempeh, tofu and cucumbers rounded the plate out served over fragrant coconut rice. Use the condiments, sparingly if you are a newbie, but know the dish is meant to be dressed.  The crab noodles are great for late evening dining (we were there at 9 with 30 minutes till closing). Jaunty noodles with a solid spring to the bite but yielding.  Generously crabbed and including intense meatballs and dumplings.  Again, the diner bears some responsibility in the "post-production" here.  Add the laid-back broth provided with an eye towards soupifying without soggifying and add hot sauce per personal discretion and you will be able to claim a piece of pride in your excellent meal.Everything in the menu is priced $6-10 bucks (and weighted towards the cheaper end).Is this spot cursed? I hope not. A series of perfectly good kitchens have closed in this location.   This is not much of a retrofitting of the previous restaurant but a significantly different menu.  The decor and bright lights may be a bit quotidian but the food is definitely a cut above.I'm putting my blessings and dollars on this joint going long term.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/7/2014,42,175,9,19,9>4.5/5.0 starsAlright, this place needs a real, informative, Queen Elite style review. Want to know what you'll get from CKO Astoria for your first class? Great, read on!Need to know:+Bring boxing gloves, Muay Thai gloves, whatever you have. You will need them for class. If you don't have any, they sell them on the premises. You can't take class without them.+Oh my God bring water. Just bring all the waters. You're going to need it.+Sneakers are worn in class. I'm used to training barefoot, so I felt this was a point to note.+There are two unisex bathrooms, which are the only private areas you can change in.+There is no locker room, but a small section of space with about ~30 small square lockers. Bring your own lock.The Setup:CKO is like thousands of square feet. This is the largest space I've seen for a kickboxing gym, and I've been to many. It's rectangular, and down the middle, length-wise, are two rows of heavy bags. So. Many. Heavybags. They have more heavy bags than all the Modells and Sports Authorities in Astoria have in their stockroom, I think. But seriously, there's like 50.There is a small "gym" area which consists of 1 bench, 1 Roman chair (with pull-up attachment) and some free weights and plates. Quaint, but useful. Plus lots of jump ropes.The Introduction:First class? Great. An instructor will do a personal mini-lesson on how to throw a jab, cross, hook, and kick. That's all you need to know, they're the most basic building blocks of kickboxing. It takes just a few minutes, so show up early.The First Class:Started off with some minimal stretching, followed by jogging laps around the room, which were occasionally interrupted by switching up on cue a different movement. So, run run run SQUAT. Run run run PUSHUP. Etc. There's tons of cardio. Hell, the whole class is cardio. Scottie likes to do (half) pyramids, which means, you'll do 1 rep, then 2, then 3, etc. all the way up to 10. The other half a pyramid involves going back down, but thank goodness that didn't happen. I barely made it to 8.You'll definitely see a variety techniques. This is not one-dimensional. You'll do lots of punching combinations with jabs, crosses, hooks, and elbows. You'll be throwing Muay Thai style kicks, low and high, teep (forward thrust) kicks, knee strikes, side kicks, and crescent kicks. There's a learning curve with some of these moves if they're unfamiliar to you.Everything is constantly getting switched up on you in 10 or 20 second intervals. Doesn't sound like a long time? Then why did I want to throw up all over the place less than halfway through the class? I'm not a wuss and I've done hard work outs, but it's been awhile since I got my butt kicked this hard.You're never pushed to do anything you're uncomfortable with, but you are encouraged to try your best. If you need to modify or stop or drink water, you won't be bothered about it.The class ends with some Plyo-type work outs, focusing on core and whatnot. This includes crunches, leg raises, etc.You will not want to move for awhile when you're done.When class is over, grab a sanitizing wipe from the dispenser nearby and clean down the heavy bag you used. Don't be gross.Tuition:+1 year membership is $69/mo, plus a $50 enrollment fee. If you sign up when you go, the enrollment fee is cut in half, to $25.+There is an NYPD/FDNY discount for the 1 year - $10 off a month.+There is a month-to-month option for $99/mo, but done for an initial 3 month commitment. No enrollment fee.+I think there was a 6 month plan, but I kind of ignored it. It's something like $79/mo, no fee.+You can buy a 10 class package for $150 ($15/class) to use whenever.+If you cancel a 12 month commitment early, there is a $250 fee.+You will continue to be billed your current rate after your commitment period is over unless you cancel.*IMPORTANT* If you want to terminate your membership after your commitment period is over, you MUST give 30 days notice by certified letter to the gym. THIRTY DAYS. PAY ATTENTION. And don't get all angry when you didn't do that and still got billed, because now that's your fault. Extra Info:I will always, HIGHLY suggest handwraps. You can take class without them, but I can't stress enough how much they will protect your wrists and all tiny bones in your hands. Get the 180" ones, none of that 108" bullshit. Ask someone to teach you how to wrap up. The ONE time I didn't use hand wraps in the past, I sprained my wrist throwing a punch and couldn't use it properly for about 3-4 months. MONTHS. THAT'S A LONG TIME. USE WRAPS. I'M YELLING.The class is coed, but predominantly female. Everyone seems nice enough.You WILL burn a ton of calories. You get back whatever you put into it.-.5 star for anyone who wants constructive criticism on technique during class. But! There will be a pad-work class coming soon. That sounds awesome.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,9/6/2014,628,678,15,19,20>There's more than Sripraphai!! Actually, Woodside/Elmhurst are home to a ton of Thai restaurants whose offerings have far more pop than any Thai in Manhattan. It's easy to get overwhelmed (oh no, too much good food, woe is me), but Playground is up there with the best of them.This self-described "bar and bistro" is next door to Zabb Elee (yelp.com/biz/zabb-elee-w), but definitely has a different feel, and serves a noticeably different (more local, more Thai) clientele. I'd initially assumed Playground was some dingy, second-rate place looking to cash in on Zabb's popularity. Turns out their relationship is less parasitic: Of course they're competitors, but Playground often has more customers. Its interior is cute and eclectic, more relaxed than Zabb even though both have the same narrow footprint. Art made of nail heads covers one wall and paper butterflies flutter above the bar against flatscreens playing Thai music videos.The best thing about Playground is that the whole menu is accessible AND interesting - more so than Zabb, more so than Sripraphai, more so than Ayada, more so than Thailand's Center Point. As someone who lives nearby, I know I can come back 20 times, find something new I want to try each time, and actually enjoy it each time.Everything starts at $8, which is spectacular. Branch out beyond fried noodles! The BBQ pork with Isan sauce is delicious (though I wish the sauce were spicier). The jungle curry is more of a soup: the fiery broth includes tons of add-ins like sprigs of green peppercorn and pretty bulbs of Thai eggplant. (Midway through the bowl is when your ears start sensing a change in atmospheric pressure due to the spiciness.) There are dishes here I've never even seen on other menus: for example, Yen Ta Fo was a sweet and tart noodle soup, stained bright neon pink by specially fermented tofu paste. Also, they serve fried grasshoppers (!!). Yes, really. Playground is one of the only spots in the neighborhood open late (til 4am, rivaling the Irish pubs!). They also deliver later than most - til 1am, officially - but aren't on the usual delivery websites. Communication via phone can be tough if you don't speak Thai. Eating in is more fun, anyway.Years ago I gave Sripraphai 5 stars. It's still great for what it is, but the Thai scene in Woodside has evolved and diversified. Playground's fun (ha) food and ambiance, cheap prices, and ridiculous hours put it on top.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/5/2014,227,1291,7,8,9>Holy moly, I walked by here last week and it looked like an honest to God hole-in-the-wall taqueria. Now, for those of you unfamiliar with what that is, it's basically like a dive bar but for tacos, burritos or tortas. No fusion, no high falutin 'infusions' or creme fraiche. Just thin tortillas, stuffed with well seasoned meats and some veggies. The bonus of this place is that it's good-probably the best Mexican I've had in New York. The guacamole is good and plentiful, coming in a big tub and big plate of fresh made chips coming in under 10 bucks-which is probably some of the best value guac wise compared to other places. One avocado mixed in with small pinch of cilantro in an impressive but shallow stone bowl doesn't make for good guac.The tortas also come packed and it's hard to hold onto it without it crumbling under its own weight. The chorizo was well done and you could taste the flavor as the big chunk of avocado mixed in with the other veggies. The milanesa was flattened out and crispy which was practically spilled out over the edges of the soft, tasty torta bread, The burrito which-can easily be split by two very hungry people-or 4 small children is under 7 bucks and with a Jarritos it's a feast for under 10 bucks. Cash only
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,9/4/2014,183,187,14,19,18>We had such a great time here that I can't escape this FIVE-STAR review!  Even before we walked out the front door, the dudes were like "yo Linny, write them a 5 star.  It's only fair"There's no greater joy than having a meal with your best friends and literally EVERYTHING u ordered tastes good.  And the place is warm, and the decor is cute, and the servers r nice, and the list goes on...FOODCombination Fries (Taro + Yam): GET IT.  It's crispy, sweet & salty, and best of all - Panda is the first place to feature Taro fries (looks better than shown on menu)!Crispy Chicken: GET IT.  The batter and seasoning used here is better than other tea shops.  I also love that there's actual basil in this thing!  Recommended spice flavor is MEDIUMPaper Hotpot: GET IT.  This item always get me a O_o? look, so instead of explaining it, i recommend you just order it and analyze it yourself, heh heh. Regular soup base comes with napa cabbage, fishball, pumpkin slice, tofu, and small bowl of rice.  Choice of meat is beef, chicken, etc (and seafood for addt'l cost).  Choice of soup flavor is clear soup, curry, etc (and spicy for addt'l cost... i think). Don't forget to dip ur food in the sauce (my fave)!  This feeds 1.5 persons for $10Beef Noodle: Get it spicy!  I really enjoyed that this was made Taiwanese style with red carrots, daikon, and cubed beef sirloin (not lean beef stew).DRINKS***Oolong Series***Can't go wrong with anything made with oolong tea here... our faves are Oolong Milk Green Tea and the White Peach Oolong Tea.  Get them "less sugar" for a nice aromatic tea flavor~ Best tea in a bubbletea shop I've had in a looong time.Can't wait to come back here more often and try their new menu items!  (Coming soon, chocolate fondue!)CASH ONLY / FREE WIFI
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,9/3/2014,270,686,10,8,7>I've tried just about every bánh mì here... is that sad? Haha.The traditional one is good (but do not compare it to your fav spot in Chinatown). The Bulgogi bánh mì, HANDS DOWN, BEST THING HERE... aside from the bánh mì fries which I dream about often... drooling onto my pillow...Put a Runny Fried Egg on EVERYTHING!The BBQ Pork and Lemongrass Chicken are great too but that Bulgogi... *stares off into space*TIP: If you check in on Yelp you get a BOGO Fried Egg. Bigger TIP: If you are a fan on FB, your loyalty card never expires! (Regular cards expire in 2 months - better start hittin the gym!)
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,9/2/2014,161,90,15,19,19>Before Baidu, Little Sheep, Little Lamb, or any of the hotpot places I've gone..this was my first Shabu experience outside of home. This place is great when you're sick because you get your own pot. your germs stay in your pot, and not anybody else. You order by meals or sets which includes a pot of soup (additional charge for different flavors) and a small plate of meat, seafood, or both. There's a sauce station on both the lower area and main floor for convenience. Everything in the sauce station are fresh and always filled, so nothing runs out. The portions that they give out is a little bit more smaller than most places, but I'm not complaining much because most of their things are super fresh and clean. The service is also on point. They always fill your pot with soup when it gets low. It's a great place to take first timers because they can get a feel of it and it's not as pricy as AYCE and a la carte places like Little Lamb.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,9/1/2014,29,56,7,6,6>I was looking for a good place to take the boo out for Father's day but not somewhere rowdy. I don't know if it's me hitting 30 this year, but I'm so over the crowded, extremely loud music-that you can't hear the person you are talking to, and sweaty places anymore. I wanted to go somewhere fairly early in the night that had drinks and food, which rapture has. I read the reviews and said let's give it a shot, and as you can see with my 4 stars-it was def worth it.Okay so no surprise here, parking sucks, but that is  a given since it's Astoria. We did eventually find parking though. Like other stated they have happy hour EVERY DAY of the week 5-8pm. Am I the only one that loves this? Used to a lot of places doing it mon-fri. There, I gave you an excuse to start your day drinking on the weekends. As I get older I love day drinking, haha! Get home at a decent hour, no hangover the next day, etc. My body just can't hang the way it used to. Okay enough of me getting old. So we just missed the happy hour because we arrived at 8. They have a few tables outside which were all full of ppl drinking the happy hour drink (which was Sangria pitchers 2-for-1 for Saturday). We opted to sit inside since it was a little bit chilly. A small decent sized spot filled with couches. There weren't that many ppl inside but 8 pm for a Saturday is def early to go out. We had a choice to sit in whichever couch we wanted. Waitress came over right away and we started out with our drinks. I decided to follow the advice of other yelpers and ordered the "1900-f*ck-me up" and he ordered  "sex on the sofa", now weather both of those things literally went down that night is a different story. ;-)  Let me keep it real and say I'm not a small girl by any means but this drink had me feeling NICE! It was good but strong but good if that makes sense. His drink was delicious also but a bit sweeter than mine. The drinks were about $11 each & came in big glasses-to me totally worth it and great deal by NYC standards! No lie I had two drinks and was feeling lovely. For food we decided to order a few appetizers and eat it. We got : empandas, flautas, and coconut shrimp. Going back again I would order the flautas and coconut shrimp again. The empanadas weren't horrible at all but weren't great either. We ate everything. The waitress wasn't bad but wasn't amazing either. She made sure we had our drinks and brought our stuff out in a timely manner, which is what's most important I guess. Like I've stated in other reviews, I appreciate and reward excellent service while going out. Ppl would be surprised what a smile or small talk for 30 seconds might do to make your night feel great.  Oh and not sure if it's the time thing but they do add on the gratuity automatically which you will see on your bill anyway, just giving a heads up.  Overall, I want to DEF come back, especially for happy hour! So happy I found this lil gem in Astoria off the strip. It's a great place for dates, friends, etc. Oh I forgot to mention they did play music. It was a lil random but not in a bad way. I forgot the song they played then riri came on...lol..we looked at each other and just laughed. I liked that the music wasn't obnoxiously loud also. Give this gem a try if you like my review.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/15/2013,286,298,10,22,17>The best cure for the winter blues? Hot pot with friends! When one of my best girls was in town the past weekend and suggested hot pot at Little Pepper based on the suggestion of her friend, I couldn't say no. Ever since my favorite hot pot place in Flushing went downhill I've been on the hunt for a new go to hot pot spot and Little Pepper has been on my to-try list. Hot pot at Little Pepper starts at a base price of $24.95/pot. First choose your soup base: spicy, original, or combo. Combo is the way to go! Why pick one when you can have both? With the combo pot, you'll get a split pot of the spicy broth on one side and the original broth on the other side. The spicy Sichuan broth is filled with chili peppers, hot oil, and peppercorns (note: they can make it more spicy if you're not satisfied) and the original broth is a lightly seasoned tomato and veggies broth. With the per pot flat fee you also get a veggie platter (napa cabbage, watercress, bean sprouts, corn on the cob, and wood-ear "mu-er" mushrooms) and a shabu beef platter. Anything on top of that is priced per item. They have a handy dandy checklist for you to mark off the items that you want. I suggest starting out with about 2-3 add-ons per person in your group; you can always add more later if that's not enough.Their ingredients selection was alright; I was a little surprised at the less traditional hot pot items that they had available (duck tongue, kidney, chicken feet, quail egg, etc.) and at the standards that they were missing (tripe, beef tendon balls, squid, various dumplings, spinach, etc.), but no matter - what they had was enough to satisfy. I was impressed with the quality of their ingredients; the meats were perfect thin, frozen slices, and their seafood and veggies were well-cleaned and very fresh. I did note, however, that the frozen tofu (dong doufu) we were were given was actually fried tofu and their chrysanthemum greens (tong hao) were actually another leafy vegetable. Their sauce station has everything a hot pot connoisseur needs: Chinese BBQ sauce (sha cha jiang), soy sauce, sesame oil, cilantro, scallions, garlic, hot sauce, fish sauce, bean paste, and on and on. Just mix your favorites to your heart's desire. AND if you're feeling adventurous (or if you're Taiwanese) don't forget to ask for an egg (not on the menu, but available) to mix into your sauce bowl. Also located at the sauce station are extra bowls and utensils, ladles, and wire mesh ladles.The service is efficient and otherwise hands-off, which is how it should be at a hot pot restaurant. Hint: If you notice that your pot is running low on broth, you should know that the broth is refillable for free. However, they will fill both spicy broths and original broths with the original broth so I suggest that you don't refill your spicy broth unless you're trying to dilute it. *Cash only!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/14/2013,410,456,4,10,6>Before the massive renovations of this quaint little restaurant took place.. we use to just come here for  Pizza, nothing really special.....We've been living in the area for more than 16 years but never considered dining there. First, the location is right in the intersection of Corona & Junction Blvd, where the buses & bicycle riders  ran regularly 24/7 , too much traffic..it is rather noisy... Second, the place is too small, 25-30 person max  and the tables are inches close to each other you can hear each others story, drama, etc...Now the place changed, it was still the same size but the decors and the ambiance was somewhat more inviting and cozy and seems full all the time, the tables were extended outside, almost everybody were drinking wine and having a good time.  I walked in after work one day and found myself ordering an Entree & Pasta combination , Bisteca di Manzo, a Grilled Skirt Steak marinated with fresh herbs, served with Baby Arugula, Shaved parmigiano cheese & Chopped tomatoes, it was delicious, I certainly enjoyed it a lot.  It also included a glass or wine & Mix Salad...The owner Mario was so gracious welcoming everybody making them feel warm & comfortable. A gem of a host!Although the place was really small, the crew, the food and the cozy atmosphere made up for it.  It became one of my favorite places to dine in my neighborhood.  A little pricey but you always get what you pay for...Real Italian food.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,3/13/2013,783,346,4,11,8>I'm not sure what just happened.  Somehow my friend who is newly moved to LIC was right about a hyperbolic statement like "I know where the best tacos are."   My friend even went so far as to claim that the Mexican food here was better than food in Mexico.   I don't know about overall Mexican food, but the tacos here do happen to be the best tacos ever.  I don't pretend to be a taco connoisseur but I know when my tastebuds like something.  And I know when they really REALLY like something.   This was the case here.   Suffice it to say I came here for the first time on a random Tuesday and was back on Thursday the same week to have other friends experience what I just did.  The COW TONGUE TACOS here are, in a word, divine.  I have not had a better taco.  The texture and flavors and juiciness are all perfect.  I could come here and just eat that.   There are 3 sauces that you get to try with the tacos and they are all fresh and delicious -- my favorite is the orange one.   I also tried the brisket tacos and the pork tacos.  The pork one was drier than I would have liked, but the brisket is also very good.  I haven't even tried the chorizo -- you can bet that's coming next.  The MEATBALLS are also amazing.  My co-worker liked those best.  They have a unique, almost sweeter flavor than other meatballs I've tried.  I would definitely would order those again.  I tried one entree here -- the PORK RIBS.  Very good.  Exceptional, even.  Falling-off-the-bone-slathered-in-sauce good.  But this came after the tacos and I was already so blown away I feel like I barely registered how good the pork ribs were.   I would like to come back and try the lamb.  Both times I've been here I got the guac as an appetizer, which IS good, but a very very small portion.  It's like $8 and they use one avocado -- enough for 2 but any more than that and it almost seems silly not to order more than one.  Lastly, the TRES LECHES CAKE.  Oh man.  I have not had one that even came close to this -- this is hands down the best of of the tres leches I've ever had.   I used to think I didn't like tres leches but now I know why -- I've never had them here before.  The flan and Mexican chocolate pot is also good.  I like the atmosphere too -- it almost reminds me of a Greek restaurant with the white walls and tables.   It's darkly lit with candles for dinner, giving it a more sophisticated feel than you'd think when it comes to home cooked Mexican.  I would celebrate a special occasion here with friends.  AND they currently are BYOB but in the process of getting a liquor license.  Which means any day now they will no longer be BYOB.   Sad.  Go soon if you want to try the food with your own alcoholic beverage.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/12/2013,86,230,9,18,11>Recently opened and comfortably nestled inside Uncle Louie's.  BC is one helluva terrific reason why you, I, and everyone else reading this should blow off any diet you may claim you're on.So I've taken one for the team (yelp team, of course) and tried one cupcake of every flavor offered.  I know, I know, it was an immense task doing this.  Your welcome.  In fact, ...anytime.For ease, I've compiled a list of my fav cupcakes flavors followed by the rest which are still great cupcakes and all well thought out & perfectly executed, but not on my last meal list...Drumroll please....In no particular order, away we go with the best of the best:*Guava con queso - LIght cheese flavored frosting on top with two dollops of guava.  One in the middle of the frosting and one in the middle of the cupcake... que rico!*Flan - Center of cupcake had piece of flan... how deliciously curious.  *Rainbow cookie - Omg, nailed it!!  Chocolate ganache on top.  Almond flavored cupcake with a jelly in the middle.  Just like your all time favorite cookie, but larger. *Tres leches - Cupcake had a soaked bottom just like the traditional latin cake.*Peanut butter & jelly - Frosting tasted of a lightly whipped peanut butter and the center of cupcake had a delicious jelly filling.  If you ask me, that's a PB&J done right.*French toast - Not really sure what kind of frosting it was, perhaps cream cheese - but either way it complimented a beautiful french toast tasting cupcake :)*Crazy carrot - Great cream cheese frosting, moist cupcake, nom-nom-nom!*Coquito - Rum flavored soaked bottom.  It's Christmas time all over again. *Dulce de leche - Decadence at it's best. Dulce flavored frosting.*Tiramisu - Light airy frosting with plenty of coffee flavor within the cupcake!The rest are also extremely tasty, but everyone has their favorite child, er cupcake right?  I just happen to have 10 of them, so here are the runners up:Red velvet Coconut Chocolate coconut   Vanilla raspberry Chocolate raspberry  Strawberry cheesecake  Chocolate cheesecake  Vanilla  Nutella  (which I believe is not done currently done on a daily basis but still randomly available throughout the year!)Chocolate Mint (was available during the holidays but I missed it!!  Good news though, I just found out you can "special order" these...  I don't see a better reason why to order another dozen or so cupcakes!)
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/11/2013,76,131,5,11,10>Boasting a menu of 18 different pizzas, each pie bears a personal story. The Nonna features owner Stephen Menna's grandmother's meatball recipe; the Pistachianco--with the aforementioned green Sicilian nuts, fior di latte, and ricotta--is a shout-out to Chris Bianco. Another is named after his neighbor, who suggested adding raisins to a prosciutto pie, which ended up making the cut.Pizzas range from $9 to $16 per 12-inch personal pie, which which aligns the cost with Queens prices fairly well (Margherita pizza = $11 at Tufino and $10 at Basil versus $13 at Keste and $15 at Motorino).The fiery oven, which must warm up to around 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit, bears the mosaic moniker 'di Maria' in tribute to Menna's wife, who built him his first pizza oven in their backyard as an anniversary gift.So how is the pizza, you wonder?  It's not just good.  It's phenomenal, achieving what many of the city's neapolitan nooks cannot...  The sourdough is leavened naturally... a 200 year old technique that takes nearly two days.  Menna is an admitted admirer of Una Pizza Napoletana's Anthony Mangieri.  Like Mangieri, Menna counts the baking time in seconds, rather than minutes, with most pies averaging around 90. So an exquisite dough is gently hand-stretched like a dopey dwarf cap that falls loosely down the pizzaiolo's forearms as it twirls.  A shallow layer of choice toppings are meticulously applied (Menna places mozzarella crumbles as if setting jewels in a crown).  He then gently places the pie in the flickering dome opposite the embers in indirect heat, and the flames and pie have a staredown.  The pie rises slowly as if posturing, then gently blisters in the heat, as charred bubbles of condensed flavor arise on the outer crust.  And then just before succumbing completely to the heat, Menna retrieves the pie at its most vulnerable stage, carefully checking its underside with a long wooden peel before sliding it onto a metal disc to serve steaming to the table.Check out the edges, the flaky and chewy bubbles filling the puffy end crust, in contrast with a flatter, crisp inner crust...  After you eat the tip, you rip the edges as steam escapes, to dip the salty spongy sourdough in the spilled cheeses and olive oil.  The pies are served with a knife--unsliced--to avoid compromising the crust as toppings and sauces escape under the pizzas.  This also allows the guest to rip and tear at the gourmet rounds at their own pace.The addition of fontina to the Greek added an earthiness I loved, with those tangy (and pitted, thank goodness!) kalamata olives, but the sprinkle of oregano with the chilled mist of lemon juice added post-oven really makes the pie special, with flavors that pop.  On the San Gennaro, the drizzle of a playfully spicy picante honey makes the pie particularly special.  It's like what the street festival in Little Italy might taste like in a dream.  But there is always something to be said about an excellent margherita, which is the standard by which I gauge any pizzeria.  Although I now feel compelled to return until I have tried several other pies, I will most likely intermittently order the excellent margherita--whose simple, bright, satisfying flavors and scents are what we think of as pizza when we crave it most.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,3/10/2013,383,301,3,5,5>This is among the most authentic Hong Kong Style Tea Houses I've been to in New York City, and yes, I've been looking around. It's very difficult to earn five stars from me, but this place does. I come here once a week.Food: my favorite dinner/lunch dish is the baked curry with fried pork chop over fried rice (please excuse the literal translation from Cantonese). Be wary: they may run out of this item, so try to get there before the "rush." Other items such as Sing Chow Stir Fried Noodles and baked fish over fried rice were wonderful. Actually, I have yet to taste an item that wasn't good here. The bakery items do not disappoint, either!Service: the women behind the counter are extremely friendly and nice. Obviously, this isn't leave to piss them off on purpose, because, just like in Hong Kong, they'll be very nice one second and verbally decimate you the next. There have been comments about this being a no-nonsense type of place, and I agree, but if you're dealing with extremely rude customers all the time, you'd probably be the same way, too. However, I have found that smiling and being friendly helps a lot. Another tip: call your order in before you start heading there to avoid any wait time. Decor: it's a very typical setup of bakery/restaurant. Seating is limited and tables can be a bit oily. Wipe it down with a napkin before use!I love the large parking lot they have in the rear.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,3/9/2013,60,352,7,17,13>So... as much as I love this site-- and I do love it so-- I realize that sometimes it can lead you astray. I'd checked out the reviews for this place prior to going, and I'd noticed the dreaded 3 star rating it has gotten. So my first review was purely based on having drinks there, because I was skeptical about trying the food: "expensive" and "tiny". Then on a whim, I decided to try brunch there I figured as long as I wasn't bringing a date, I could afford to splurge on myself. So I enter, and again am grateful that this place is right around the corner from my house. Especially since I'm carrying a heavy bag full of Senior papers to grade. I get inside, and there is a small gathering of people at the bar in the back enjoying Sunday football and each others company. As er the first time, I'm greeted warmly by the chef. When I inquire about a table, she tells me that brunch had just ended, and they were cleaning up for dinner. But she give it a second thought and directs me to a table. Very nice. I sit and am brought all the necessary things for my table: water, bread, cutlery, and a menu. She discusses what she still has, and she gives me some suggestions. So since it's NFL Sunday, let's put it in those terms: so far the team is making no errors, and capitalizing on the other guys errors in my book. S the food Everyone makes a comment on the "portions". Notice that. Because I tried the veal tortellini, and from the first bite I can't wait to come back and try something else. The whole experience was suddenly "clear" to me: the decor, the welcoming manner of the staff, the music, the food. I was sitting in the lap of civility. Not she doesn't want to stuff food down my gullet as though I was some sow being fatten for slaughter. There is enough here to not be hungry anymore, full no. Bloated, hell no. The dish is exclaiming: "This is a exercise in precision!" I was worried from those previous reviews. I've been to places where you get "very" little to even gauge what the culinary experience was supposed to be really. Over before it started. Sitting there unsatisfied saying, "It's okay really. Happens to a lot of chefs." But as I walked home, I noticed how blue the sky was. Which is oft the inspirited feeling you get when you experience something exquisite.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/8/2013,83,197,5,7,5>Monster is really becoming a staple of KTV in Flushing. Right smack in the middle of the busiest area, it has delivered consistent ka la OK for years. Nowadays I even consider it to being one of the cheapest in the region with being $30-$35 a hour at night. Their rooms are more cramp compared to the other karaoke joints but they make it up by providing better service. Like most Chinese karaoke places, you can order food and drinks for free up to the cost of the room. Songs are fairly updated but it's hard to say since it feels like every Karaoke place uses the same touch screen tablet system and song database now. But what stays constant is it will be majority Chinese songs and even their English selection has improved. When you can't afford to go to DIYuan karaoke or feeling that you need a less shady place like CEO karaoke, Monster would be my destination.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/7/2013,86,79,5,7,7>Great service, excellent food, nice ambiance, affordable.  I would say Blend covers all the bases.5 yelp stars for great service because ... everyone that works there wants to make sure you walk away a happy customer.  When I was debating between two drinks, I had asked for my server's opinion and their response was to let me try both for the price of one! Clearly the way to my heart is booze.5 yelp stars for excellent food because ... everything tastes so freakin delicious! The mofongo is the best mofongo I've ever had.  So good, we ordered it again for dessert.5 yelp stars for ambiance because ... blend is unpretentious, quiet and cozy.  My kind of place.Lastly and possibly, most importantly, 5 yelp stars for being affordable! Nothing like a great meal for a great deal.  It gets sweeter once in a while when you can catch a living social/groupon/etc deal.Dinner @ Blend has been great to me.  A brunch trip is surely in the stars.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,3/6/2013,193,122,4,8,6>I work at the hospital one block away so I buy breakfast at this bakery almost everyday. The buns come out fresh and hot around 6:45 each morning, however, I usually come earlier that. The guy told me to come back later for the buns. One day he actually made the buns earlier for me. Buns, cakes, and pastries are all so yummy. The stuff here are very different from your typical Chinese bakery (it's Taiwanese). Cakes are light and fluffy, buns are flavorful. Although they do have a smaller selection than most bakeries, overall, it's the taste and quality that really matters. One con would be that the coffee is not as strong as I would like, but not a deal breaker. There are so few chairs in there and no real tables for you to eat on. Lines can get long and the bakery is very small.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,2/22/2014,586,742,9,17,12>4.5 stars.  Slurp.  Licks lips.  Slurp.Mian = Noodles.  Including Soup Noodles, Cold Noodles, Spaghetti, Broad Noodles, Mei Fun Noodles, and Yee Mian.  You want noodles, this is the place.... however, noodles are not the only thing they specialize in!FOOD:Amongst the 4 of us - we ordered the following dishes.... with lots of leftovers to take home.- Shrimp Sliders (on the specials board) - my fave.  Fried shrimps with cole slaw.  Asian Fusion and delicious.- Duck Soft Taco - good but the duck was a little greasy.  - Fried Calamari (off menu item) - the batter was good but the flavor was not evenly distributed.  Otherwise, it was light and fluffy.- Scrambled Egg with Pork (on the specials board) - SO FLUFFY.  Yum.  A little bit too much grease for me but otherwise, the flavor is delicious.- Mian Special - Beef Stew - MUST GET- Beef and Pepper Special (on the specials board) - yum.  Beef and green pepper stir fried.  The dish was mildly spiced.- Salt and Pepper Tofu - Fresh made tofu that is battered and fried.  Delicious.  The flavors were not evenly distributed on the batter.. but otherwise, very good.- Stir Fried Yee Mian - YUM.  Who doesn't like Yee Mian?  Noodles, noodles, noodles!- Mian Steak - okay.  I like my steak medium rare.  This came out to be medium to medium well.DESSERT:They have Eileen's Cheesecake!!  I got OREO.  *Grins ear to ear* yelp.com/biz/eileens-speTIPS:- Cash Only- If you are a true foodie and you tend to eat very large portions.... you *MIGHT* want to sit near the wall (so you can lean back at the end of the meal).PICS:- Food - yelp.com/biz_photos/mian- Oreo Cheesecake (Eileen's Cheesecakes) - yelp.com/biz_photos/mian- Seating - yelp.com/biz_photos/mianENJOY!!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,2/21/2014,186,113,2,10,7>I've been to COFFEED numerous times and the experience has been consistent, which is great.The coffee is great, strong, and definitely roasted with care. We all can appreciate Starbucks/Dunkin when rushing around or strapped for cash. But, when it comes to having a real quality cup of coffee and this place really delivers.  It takes me about 20 minutes to get here on the subway in Astoria, with a decent walk from the subway to the shop, but I make the trip often. Astoria doesn't have anything close to this quality, coffee shops haven't really taken off there yet. (I love Astoria otherwise!) *Note: Yes, "Queens Kickshaw" is fantastic but I consider it a great lunch spot with great coffee, as opposed to a coffee shop, especially since the shut wifi off at noon*// DRINK //The 'cold-brew' here is strong and delicious. They use what looks like a science lab set to brew it (think Gale from "Breaking Bad") and it takes almost 2 days to brew it. It's extremely caffeinated due to this process so they need to water it down a little but it's great. I recommend if you live nearby you purchase the cold-brew flask. It's like $7 to refill and I get about 4 iced coffees out of it - because I cut a third with water (as recommended by them because it's basically a concentrate). 4 iced coffees inside COFFEED = $12.004 from the flask = $7.00// EAT //Baked goods here are 'ok' some are kind of dry but not bad. The brownie with powered sugar on top is RIDICULOUSLY good. The food is good, especially the grilled cheese panini. The greens and vegetables are farmed on the roof of the building! Which it think is really cool, that's some fresh veggies!// INTERIOR //The interior is warehouse like, high ceilings and has a huge window that they open on nice days. I came once the whole window (basically the wall) was open and it was pouring raining outside, no one was getting wet and it was awesome to feel like you were sitting in the rain drinking coffee. They recently doubled this place in size by removing a wall - it's huge and seems to have better seating. They could use a few more power outlets, there are basically none.// POSSIBLE IMPROVEMENTS //The only thing COFFEED needs to improve is customer service. Sometimes I feel like I'm imposing by ordering or asking a question (not always though, some employees are great) but it's definitely different than Brooklyn Bagel (30th Ave) for example, who are somehow always bright and welcoming.--------------------------// OVERALL //COFFEED is highly recommended, especially in the area. Best quality around. --------------------------// FUN FACTS //* During the warmer months you can visit the "Brooklyn Grange" 1 acre farm on the rooftop on Saturdays in the morning. (All the veggies they serve are from the farm)* On weekends they host the "Queens Urban Market" * They have a loyalty card, every 11th coffees(hot or cold) is FREE.* They serve "Single-Cut Brewery" (Queens, NY) beer on tap.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,2/20/2014,393,406,15,12,8>I call my mom every time I end up Flushing. You know why? Because she likes to know when I've just gotten a great deal.There are no shortage of those here, of course, but the BBQ cart is a standout. While their product doesn't look all that different from other street meet, sometimes tender loving care can't be seen. Mr. Meat Chef gives each skewer a good 7-8 minutes of cook time, and carefully distributes his mystery spice powders on the skewers. I have had the chicken, beef and lamb and all were worth the wait. And as far as protein, $1 for one of these might even have the Peking duck stall beat. While you're waiting (or eating), make sure to avoid the typical crowd of chain smokers.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,2/19/2014,262,613,13,14,12>TIE fighters and AT-AT walkers do get dirty, what with all that rebellion crushing and Empire building. If only this place had the black glove of Darth Vader as its mascot, the perfect "Imperial Hand". So my automobile's level of cleanliness was reaching dangerously low levels, thanks to smudge marks, sand, rain and all the elements of life on the road. It was time to break free from the vortex of dirt and restore my car's pristine shine.I've jogged along this stretch of Yellowstone and Woodhaven many times and took note of the usual lineup of cars waiting for a clean. That's why I went on a weekday, close to closing time. (8pm). No wait, no problem!I left my vehicle in the capable hands of the cleaning crew and moments later, the car emerged dirt free. A team of two proceeded to dry off the remaining water and my car was now ready to be seen in public again.$12 for the wash, with a few dollars thrown in for a tip and all was well. I was even given a special card to have stamped for every visit leading to a free wash, much like my prized Supercuts free haircut card. My experience may have been more challenging if I had to wait on a busy weekend, like any place that is in demand. Of course, after having had every inch cleared of residue, I parked outside, had dinner and came to discover that a bird had left its mark on my trunk. Time to blow up Alderaan!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/18/2014,41,185,10,11,11>I love visiting Nori Nori!  I usually come at least once a month because I just find it to be so much fun!!  All you can eat sushi that is much better quality than your standard buffet?! What else could you ask for! Sure, it is more expensive but if you go during lunch on a weekend, it's not that bad.  Also, if you eat as much as me, you can easily beat the system.  I am known for eating 20+ pieces of sushi before moving on to the other dishes they have (i.e. - dumplings, whole cooked fish, yakisoba noodles, crab cakes, soup, vegetable/shrimp tempura, etc). I think I actually save money when eating there with the amount of food I consume.  The place itself is very clean and new.  Also, the staff is very friendly and attentive, which is surprising since there are definitely 100 customers at any given time.  If you can eat as much as me, and want to pay a little more for higher quality buffet sushi, you should definitely give Nori Nori a shot!!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,2/17/2014,167,240,7,10,14>I love browsing for vintage knick knacks that I absolutely don't need, but want, and ultimately, definitely need because I definitely want. So when I stumbled across Nn'C while at LIC Flea today, my little shopaholic heart fluttered. From furniture, ceramic figures, silver trays, to jewelry boxes, the little stand Nn'C did not disappoint. What caught my eye were the Moroccan glasses and the set of polka dot bar glasses. I ended up purchasing the bar glasses because one, I have a freakish obsession with polka dots and two, I am freakishly obsessed with polka dots.David, who was super friendly, carefully wrapped up the glasses for me. I can't wait to stop by the store and browse all their merchandise!P.S. The prices are pretty reasonable. Plus, David mentioned he will be getting the Square soon, so rest easy if you are visiting Nn'C at LIC Flea and do not have enough cash.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,2/16/2014,274,370,6,14,10>This place is pretty cool, it's away from the busy part of 30th ave and I kinda like it that way. It is a very neighborhood hangout but I would go out of my way to go back. The outdoor seating is nice and it really helped the day I went since it was in the mid 70s. The food and the beer is really nice. The food:Schneider Weisse- had a liter of this beer since the waitresses said it was similar to a Hefeweizen. I thought the beer was on the light side in terms of flavor but I still liked it. I also thought the beer was on the light side in terms of alcohol until I stood up. lol Oh mommy. yelp.com/biz_photos/max-Bierbratwurst mit Kaese- Beer & Cheese Bratwurst- I really liked this one. The brat had nice flavor and the sausage was really tender. This was recommended by our waitress Olga and it is a must get. I got this as a griddle sausage by itself with the pretzel bun on the side.Kalbsschnitzel with Berliner Kartoffelsalat and Muenchner Kartoffelsalat- it's essentially veal schnitzel, I got mine with a side of mayo based potato(Berliner) salad and a oil and vinegar based potato salad(Muenchner). I think the schnitzel was OK, it didn't have a lot of flavor but it was cooked nicely. It wasn't really greasy and it was pretty tender. Both potato salads were good not great but I would get both again. yelp.com/biz_photos/max-Bratkartoffel- Home Fries with bacon and raw onions. Home fries are excellent, must order. yelp.com/user_local_phot Wurst Platte- It's a platter with two sausages and two sides. I got the Scharfe Baurenbratwurst(hot farmers brat) and Chili Bratwurst, home fries and mash. I think the sausages are the way to go here. I was really happy with both sausages and the home fries were excellent. I say skip the mash, kinda had a box feel and I don't think I would normally say this, but it was too buttery. yelp.com/biz_photos/max-Chili Bratwurst- I got a second order with Mildessa Sauerkraut(German Sauerkraut) and sauteed onion. The sauerkraut was really good. Not overly sour.Laugenbrezel with a side of Obazda- it's a big soft pretzel which I liked, but not a fan of the Obazda at all. I could only eat a small amount of the Obazada. It's a cream cheese spread that is orangish that is kinda chunky like blue cheese. I didn't like it. yelp.com/biz_photos/max-Klapperschlangenbratwurst- Rattle Snake +Pork Bratwurst with Mildessa Rotkraut- German Red Cabbage on top. This is obviously one of the more exotic ones and it was just OK for me. The brat was kinda dry and slightly chewy. The red cabbage was a nice addition though. yelp.com/user_local_phot
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,2/15/2014,1196,94,11,8,7>I'm sure Batman lives somewhere around here. I'm sure he needs a new Robin so I will begin my quest to find him. Good thing I wrote this review on the first day of October, I hope I see him on the last day of it.A very tall glass building, one of the first in Long Island City (an area that has many similar or taller buildings coming up each year). Just looking at the building itself is a wonder (almost as if it has it's own personality); on a rainy day it looks mysterious, on a sunny day it's beaming, on a cloudy day it looks welcoming.This huge building is currently being occupied by the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene on half of the first floor and all of the upper levels. The rest of the first floor is split into four other areas. To the left of the city agency's entrance is a large empty space, it's big enough for a club. Most of the activity here is 8am-4pm, the building is usually empty of employees by the time the sun sets. This makes that empty space an ideal location to host events, since there's no one to be bothered by loud music in the late hours of the day. To the right of the DOH is Chickpea which recently opened in 2013, give it a try when passing by. Next to Chickpea, is the loading dock for all deliveries for this building. Then next to that, there's an underground parking lot. This is where many Department of Transportation economy cars hide. If we see a really cool black car with spikes on the hood exiting out of it, then it will be official: this large space underground just might be the Batcave!Behind the building is a very large space, which is empty, it stretches for the remainder half of this block. Would be a great spot to open up a large parking lot or maybe even a mall. The city could really use this to create hundreds of new jobs, unless its preoccupied as the take-off strip for the Batplane.I could just imagine it now, New York City's name changed to New Gotham City.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,2/14/2014,2398,639,8,14,9>Aki gets three and a half stars and the half star bump up because, it is what it is.Aki is a discount sushi place with decent sushi.There is a lot of competition on the block for sushi.  Aki is the clear price winner, hands down, blind folded.There is no pretentious anything at Aki.  They have a menu.  They are well decorated and clean.  They half half price sushi.  They will take your order then leave you to whatever it is you do besides eat.  The rolls are really well priced.Every salmon combination I have tried is good, including the New York roll with apple and mayo.If you are looking to impress someone, there are places with nicer decor on the block.  If you want to eat, not break the bank and get a pretty no frills, cheap experience, without worrying about getting sick or having gas station like sushi, Aki wins hands down.  As a discount sushi spot, it gets four stars.  It is what it is, and it doesn't pretend to be what it is not.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,2/13/2014,1041,271,7,10,9>the-thalia-spanish-theater-has-been-a-mecca-of-spanish-and-latin-musical-themed-cultural-activities-this-60-or-so-person-capacity-venue-is-nestled-in-sunnysides-greenpoint-avenue-in-keeping-with-their-decades-long-mission-last-nights-offering-was-a-flamenco-performance-consisting-of-four-dancers-two-guitarists-a-percussionist-and-one-singer-the-guitarists-were-extraordinary-leaving-steel-string-pickers-like-yours-truly-marveling-on-the-musicians-dexterity-and-precisionwikipedia-describes-this-southern-spain-gypsy-esque-orientated-style-as-follows-flamenco-spanish-pronunciation-flameko-is-a-form-of-spanish-folk-music-and-dance-from-the-region-of-andalusia-in-southern-spain-it-includes-cante-singing-toque-guitar-playing-baile-dance-and-palmas-handclaps-first-mentioned-in-literature-in-1774-the-genre-grew-out-of-andalusian-and-romani-music-and-dance-styles123-flamenco-is-often-associated-with-the-romani-people-of-spain-gitanos-and-a-number-of-famous-flamenco-artists-are-of-this-ethnicity-while-flamenco-originally-crystalized-among-gypsies-in-the-18th-century4-some-authors-believe-that-modern-flamenco-mostly-emerged-out-of-late-nineteenth-century-romanticism5i-describe-it-as-a-sassy-musical-and-dance-review-the-dancers-titillating-performances-aroused-the-otherwise-dormant-passions-hibernating-deep-within-every-octogenarian-in-attendance-clearly-the-non-pharmaceutical-predecessor-of-pfizers-little-blue-pillthe-show-ended-to-a-several-minute-long-well-earned-standing-ovation-for-the-performers-and-for-just-30-bucks-a-ticket-the-hour-or-so-live-performance-was-a-bargain-visit-the-theaters-website-for-other-spanish-and-latin-themed-performances-thaliatheatreorgpages
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,12/13/2012,96,31,6,8,6>My shih tzu, Happy, is usually really scared of going to the groomers.  In many cases, he acts out (especially when there is a scissor near his ears).  Many times when he came back, he would act very nervous and hide in his kennel for the rest of the day.  We switched from our old groomer a while back.  Ever since we came to Happy Pet Tails, Happy has been acting out less and less when going to the groomers.Today, the groomer let me know, that he was very good and didn't bite anyone!  They did take precaution when I told them he was sensitive around his ears.  When I picked him up, he was excited and happy to see me.  He was clean, there were no knicks on him, his tail was trimmed, and his fur was cut very short and practical for the summer (the look that I asked for).Happy Pet Tails is a clean and friendly place.  There are glass doors so you can watch your pet being groomed.  The receptionist is also fast.  I brought in Happy and he was taken into the grooming station right away.  There is no wait if you have an appointment.  I really like this place and will be bringing Happy back!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/12/2012,188,199,7,16,13>I remember coming across LIC Market on yelp, way back in the day when they only had twenty-something reviews. I'm a bit late on this one, but it was sooooo worth the wait. The place itself is so cute. Everybody that works here is so nice. We were warmly greeted right away. They also sell olive oil, jarred and pickled veggies. On to the food... I ordered the Cobb salad, and a friend ordered the slow cooked pork with a side of braised green lentils. Food was outstanding! Yes, salad can taste good. The eggs were cooked perfectly. The chicken was moist. The one thing I wasn't happy with was the amount of dressing. It was realllly heavy. I stole a few bites of the pork and it was phenomanal. The spicy sauce on the side goes perfectly with the pork. The lentils=heaven. I don't do lentils....ever. They're in that super healthy food category, and I don't really enjoy anything from that category, but when you cook lentils like this, how can I pass it up?? Perfectly seasoned and bursting with flavor. I'll eat lentils everyday if I can cook them like that. The prices are so reasonable! I LOVE this place.I cant wait to go back. Many more delicious things to try.Parking is a nightmare, I'll definitely take the train next time.This place is a must!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,12/11/2012,2398,639,9,10,11>I really like Wing Stop.Wing Stop makes me stop for wings.There are many amazing flavors.  I like the seasoned fries.  You can also get Veggie sticks, which means celery and carrots.However, even though I like the wings (especially the ones with the rub), the soda machine is awesome and worth the trip.  You can make all sorts of soda.  They have classics like Dr. Pepper.  I don't like Dr. Pepper.  But I'd drink it if I made it in the soda machine at wing stop.  Luckily, you can make other things, like mellow yellow with like 10 flavors.  Orange Mellow Yellow is the bizzzomb.Did I mention I wish I had one of those soda machine's in my apartment?  I do.  Seriously, I think wing stop helped my life, because I think that seeing the soda machine was the first time as an adult that I said "I wish I had one of those" in the same way I used to as a homeless child about fancy cars, mansions, and well, food...but I digress...The soda machine is worth the stop.  You can watch the game there.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,12/10/2012,804,1656,7,13,12>I recently moved into Flushing and I am discovering a whole new world of weirdness. Every morning, I take the bus into downtown Flushing and every day, I find something new and interesting to look at and think about. Today, it was bewildered by the Post Office on Wheels. Pretty neat if you ask me. It is basically a mobile post office and you can get most of your post office needs here. Need Stamps? They can help. Need to mail a letter? They can help. Need it to go by registered mail (which BTW, I still have no idea what that means)? They can help. When I saw this mobile truck, it made me think of the mobile libraries, and the mobile health clinics. So cool...FYI, this is CASH only.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/9/2012,146,181,4,4,3>I've been living around the corner since before this place opened and I really didnt know how popular it was until random west-indians would talk to me about it.Some random Trini/Guyanese people approached me in Jersey one day and decided to start a conversation and happened to ask about this roti-shop.To me its just a spot around the corner  but for others is a Gold mine lol.The lines are always long everytime I pass by. My mom likes to order roti. And I cant lie, probably the best roti in all of nyc.  Bussupshot & Dhalpourie are great. The food itself, Im not crazy about. I feel like my mom can make everything better. (Curry goat..etc) The doubles are okay. But I'm picky when it comes to doubles, I only eat it if its from Trinidad. Its just not the same to me. My family is from South, soo...it makes sense lol. I do like their aloo pie a lot. I miss the snow-cones that they used to sell out in front though.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,12/8/2012,0,136,4,11,6>I miss living in Queens, but this place is so worth the trip back home to have some good ass dominican food. It's located approximately 2 blocks from the train station from the never ending 7 train ride, or drive and try finding parking bc it's a huge pain in corona. Pick your poison. No matter how I get here, I love coming to La Brisa. They say the best way to a person's heart is through the stomach and in this case, I'm in love. The food is off the hook, authentic and most of all, made with love. I usually get the filete de pescado con salsa de limon y vino with a side of maduros. It's a filet of fish with the lemon and wine sauce with a side of sweet plaintains. The Bistec Palomilla Encebollado (Steak and Onions) is also really tasty. I dislike beans but the dominican style rice and beans convinced me otherwise.  Whether you're dining or taking out, they usually give you a complimentary dominican salad as an appetizer. It consist of iceberg lettuce, tomato, onion, and beet slices with a side of an oil and vinegar diced red pepper dressing. It's so simple and yet so good! They accept cards and the price is very reasonable for the huge portions they give you.Overall, La Brisa is a great neighborhood restaurant and the ambiance feels very much like home when you enter. Although the decor doesn't look like much, it sure doesn't try to be something it's not. They usually play music from the jukebox unless there's a Mets game on. :) Gotta rep the borough!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,12/7/2012,83,142,6,5,3>Patacon Pisao...one word...WowStopped by here in 9 in the AM. A true breakfast of champions. I had a free tequeno to start, courtesy of a yelp check-in. The tequeno was like a pigs in a blanket with cheese instead of a hotdog. The green sauce made it taste sinfully good. My taste-buds were dancing along with the Bachata music in the background. I ordered a patacon full w/fried cheese, shredded beef, and pernil. How do they get the tostone so big? It could be used as a yummy small frisbee. Any dog would love to catch one of these fried plantains in their mouth.The shredded beef was unfortunately on the tough side. The pernil was good and the fried cheese made me feel fat and happy. I switched from the trio of sauces from bite to bite. I'm glad I was the only one in there. Boy, it wasn't a pretty scene.  During my meal, the sandwich got real messy and my hands were all covered in sauce with lettuce wrapped around my glistening fingers. I noticed I had a little smidgeon of hot sauce on my face when I looked in the rear-view mirror in my car before departing. They graciously provide a wet nap and a decent amount of napkins for they already knew what kind of sensual mess I was getting myself into. I might ask for no sauce on the sandwich next time and dip as I go. Although, I might slightly regret missing out on the fun of getting down and dirty with your patacon. When I got home I had a pleasant food high. (an episode of uncontrollable giggles)At $7.07 for a patacon full loaded with meat it's a steal for a glutton like me. Definitely going back to try the chicken and other menu items they offer.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,12/6/2012,520,724,11,11,11>Are you tired of the standard beef burgers?Try a wild game burger from Bareburgers.Lamb, wild boar, elk, bison, ostrich will let you walk on the wild side.You still want the an old-fashion moo? They have organic, all natural, free-range, grass-fed beef too.There is beef, turkey, chicken and veggie.I had the-Bison with Brioche Bun- Delicious burger; cooked just right.   Rate 4/5.I'll be back hunting for the other game animals with my fork!Note: good beer selection- Sixpoint, Sierra Nevada, Maine root, Ommegange, Wolaver's and SIP Certified !
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,12/5/2012,93,365,2,8,5>Previous to dining here, I would have commented that having dim sum outside of Chinatown or Flushing was blasphemy. I was convinced that quality dim sum outside of these areas was an impossibility. East Ocean Palace showed me just how wrong I was.Upon entering, you'll find that it looks very much like your standard dim sum restaurant although significantly less hectic. There was an absence of the familiar, oversized banquet style seat covers that I abhor. Dim Sum restaurants can feel like zoos: chaotic, loud, bustling spaces with too much going on and too many people and carts packed into too small of a space. This was not the case here. Tables were spaced out nicely, leaving plenty of room for people and carts to maneuver efficiently without making the space and patrons feel cluttered.Immediately after being seated, we were swarmed upon and offered every type of dim sum available. I'm not sure what other reviewers were speaking of when they remarked on the employees not speaking English, or not offering up the names or descriptions of the dim sum they offered: on the contrary, they spoke very well and informed us properly of each item. We ordered a variety of things, and I think we may have sampled almost every type of shrimp dim sum they offered. Everything was served hot, fresh and very tasty. We also ordered the seafood pan fried noodles, which came in a generous portion and was equally delicious.Service was extremely gracious and attentive. We never felt like we were searching for assistance. In fact, I felt as though they made their best efforts to anticipate our needs. I'd venture to say that the service was far better here than I've experienced at various Chinatown and Flushing locations, and better yet, they serve dim sum until 4:00 pm! The rest of the menu is also very extensive. I took one to go, and appreciated the many vivid photos of their items, which provide helpful for those less familiar with Cantonese cuisine.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/4/2012,395,204,15,15,16>We came here for my birthday. My girlfriend planned this elaborate surprise here and it was wonderful. I think almost everyone had a good time. I know I did. Of course I did, my girlfriend planned an elaborate thing for me. What am I? Some kindof ingrate? No, I'm not.Anyway, the food was really fresh looking and everything tasted good. That's what I remember from it atleast. My birthday was in May and I'm writing this in July. It has left a good memory with me, but I might be biased, because of the whole birthday bash thing and all. But yeah, their food, as I remember it, was great, and more importantly, it was not shitty looking like all these other buffets. At my ripe age, I have, unfortunately, eaten at a lot of buffets. Recently, we went to a buffet for our friend's birthday in Manhattan and before that we went to some real shitty buffet called Century Buffet between Queens and Long Island. That place was a real shithole. Mizumi is probably the nicest buffet I've ever been to. I used to think very highly of the East Buffet empire. If you live in Queens or Long Island, you'll know what I'm referring to. I think I've eaten at every one of those East Buffet places. Mizumi is way better because it's cleaner looking and newer looking and the food seems to be fresher.I think I've been to Golden Corral one time and I remember having a great time. The reason was cause most of the buffets I've described above and most of the buffets I've been to have been these Chinese food buffets. The industrious Chinese people have made the buffet work for them, but at the cost of good quality. On the other hand, Golden Corral was all this fried chicken and mashed potatoes and for a Chinese kid who eats Chinese food every day cause he doesn't have any other options, this was a dream come true. I think I still like Mizumi better. I mean, you really can't compare the two cause it's like Apples to Oranges. Mizumi is healthier and emphasizes Asian foods and Golden Corral is cheaper and emphasizes eating a ton of tasty American staples but at the same time, really fatty and greasy. But anyway, I still like Mizumi better.I would recommend this place. If you're someone I know on Yelp and you want to go there at some point, as some sort of impromptu meetup or some sort of Unofficial Yelp Event or something, let me know. I'm up for it. ThanksUhm... 5 stars, why not?
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/13/2014,325,275,13,21,18>We used to come here when it was Dae Dong, our regular KBBQ place, but has now been reincarnated as BCD Tofu House.  Most of the gas table grills & overhead vents are now gone and replaced by sleek décor, except in the private rooms, which retain the grills, but I never saw them in use.The menu has been transformed, but retains many of the traditional Korean favorites, with a concentration on their namesake signature dish, tofu soup (soondubu), offering a variety of different types.  Many grilled meats including bulgogi, galbi & pork belly are listed twice, from the kitchen and grill your own.  The banchan variety is decent with 6 or 7 types, but they kept refilling our dishes (twice even!), so we were happy.  The variety rotates, but will always include 2-3 types of kimchi.  And everybody gets their own personal fried fish (yellow croaker) as appetizer!  Just be careful of the bones though.So we ordered the Dol Sot Bibimbap, LA Galbi, Jap Chae & the Seafood Soondubu.  The meat items were flavorful and everything came out scorchingly hot on clay platters or bowls including the white rice.  The rice pots were later soaked in hot water and made rice soup that I remember my mom used to make in the rice pot (in Chinese, we'd call it noong jook).  The Jap Chae stood out because it was served on a miniature deep-fried tofu fort, which is the only way I can describe it.  The soondubu was a little lacking with only one of each clam, mussel & shrimp, but the flavor was good.  For a Korean meal, this is one of the most affordable I've ever had.  Good deal, BCD!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/12/2014,665,302,8,15,13>Bareburger has a pretty cool concept. Burgers for everyone. They have options for meat lovers. Different ones. The basics which are beef and chicken and the not so basic: elk, bison, wild boar, ostrich(?). And options for non-meat lovers: black bean patty, farmers quinoa veggie patty and portabello mushrooms.You can either choose from their styles and pick your protein and bread or build your own. Fun. I, unfortunately, weren't in the mood to go towards the wild side and stayed with a beef patty. I built my own burger. And I always go for spinach and tomato adding bacon, bleu cheese and called it a day. Meat was perfectly cooked. Juicy. Overall, Bareburger is a restaurant I would not hesitate going back to.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,5/11/2014,472,510,7,13,11>New and adorable, this Japanese grocery store livens up Sunnyside with its exotic and imported goods, and a clean and orderly shop.  The workers are so friendly and cute, they will greet you with warmth and friendliness to make you feel valued and welcome.  Great assortment of dry goods, frozen items, and Japanese staples. A fun little shop with tons of goodies to bring home.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,5/10/2014,183,187,10,17,14>One of my favorite places on earth... almost everytime when the grp has no idea where to go next, i would shout Queens Kickshaw!My favorites here:cold brew coffeebeer ice cream (limited in summer only)bibimbapMy friends favorites:LOTS of beerflavored sodasgrilled cheeseLove the atmosphere, the beautiful staff, and their brunch and holiday menus!Opens lateLive band performanceQueens Kickshaw is a guaranteed good time!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,5/9/2014,286,271,10,16,14>Okay seriously if you haven't been here, you're MISSING OUT.This has become one of my favorite places for lunch or a snack because the prices are amazing, their bahn mi is all creative and delicious, and the drinks are really good too! They also have these creative and delicious kimchi fries with cheese that are super addicting! This place is everything you'll want for a quick, delicious, and affordable meal My favorite is their lemongrass chicken with kimchi because I'm just a kimchi addict. Anything with kimchi in it tastes better to me!Make sure to get a rewards card and get a free one after you've had 9/10 sandwiches! The card expires in a month or two, but you'll definitely be coming back for more after you've had it once.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/8/2014,315,250,16,24,16>Hmm? Where do we begin? How about Awesome! This quaint little restaurant speaks volumes of deliciousness!  Priced right and delivering copious amounts of food, listen, they don't skimp on the portions here.You can have your kimbab in many different ways here. We had the tuna salad and "Rolly" kimbab which was stuffed with ham, cucumber and carrots, then rolled perfectly together in the al-dente cooked rice and seaweed paper. Like I said the kimbab combinations are pretty lengthy, they even have "SPAM" kimbab! Somebody pinch me! Sorry, I have a love affair with "SPAM" spanning back to my college days, I ate lots of spam during that time. SPAM, S=Supporting, P=Poor, A= Asian, M=Men like myself for generations!We also ordered the "special set" plate, be forewarned! This can feed up to 2 to 3 people easily and worth the $20! It comes with fried rice, pork cutlets and rice cakes smothered in red infused pepper sauce.The spicy soup ramen with dumpling were very good and tasty as well. We also enjoyed the chicken udon soup noodles too. The menu is laid out nicely and they also have pictures of the more popular dishes.The restaurant  is attached to a series of other stores and there is a nicely sized parking lot in the rear which is a big plus, street parking with meters are available as well.The service was great and the people behind the counter were super friendly. Great food and service, now that's a winning combination in anybody's book.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,5/7/2014,1195,408,10,17,15>This place is awesome.  The dudes who keep the place in order run a tight ship (and extremely friendly to boot).  After two years in Astoria (and sampling all the other street meat vendors who sport the same goods... i.e. Halal Guys or King of Falafel...) I can say without a shadow of a doubt that this joint does shawarma the best.Wonderful smells of fire kissed meat punch you in the face upon entering this well attended establishment.  Whatever you get (lamb, shawarma, chicken...) you'll be treated to crazy good marinaded meats and fresh vegetables.Every friend I take here ends up complaining... complaining that they don't have a joint this awesome in their neighborhood.  If and when you go to this place, get the shawarma mix (trust me).
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,5/6/2014,241,315,23,23,22>A Chinese soldier returns home after fighting off the evil nationalists. He enters a tiny wooden store and pulls over a half broken stool. He dusts off the snow on his red star cap and leans his M1-Garand on the wall next to him."Auntie, a bowl of wonton! ""Hao lei!" replies a voice in the back. A minute later, an old woman comes out holding a big bowl of wonton noodles. The hot steam from the bowl furiously evaporates into the cold winter air, at the same time materializing hunger within 10 meters radius. Without a second to lose, the soldier slurps down the hot noodles*, once or twice pausing to wipe his mouth with his dirt covered uniform. He slams the empty bowl on the table, warm and full, and delivers a handsome smiles before the movie credits roll.==== review starts====Everything about White Bear makes me fantasize about the scenario above. The modest simplicity, or even the dirtiness of the store has an unsual warmth to it, especially in the cold of Winter. The naked, white cracked walls, the old and busted chairs, and the inexplicable need for an electric fly swatter (even though there were no flies) makes it feel so welcoming. Why is that? Wahed K, why is that??The one obvious feature of White Bear that usually knocks me right out of roleplay is the sheer amount of white people in here. As a matter of fact, the percentage of white-asian ratio here trumps every other Flushing place I know. I gotta give it to the white people though - this time they got it right.The wonton noodles are good. The noodles are flat soft noodles. It sort of breaks apart in your mouth, which is a completely different sensation as chewy ramen noodles, but still oh so good. The wontons are meaty and flavorful, like the ones I make at home with chicken bouillon with dark soysauce (and sprinkle it with a bit of salt, oolala)But the dumplings. Oh my Goodness. You buy 50 for 10 bucks raw or around 4.50 bucks for 10 cooked. One of the best dumplings I've had, ever since quality of dumplings have been deteriorating as of late (I'm looking at you, Golden Palace!) Get the leek ones. By the way I don't know the diff between Chinese chives and leek. In my experience the latter translation always turns out superior. Whats included:- Northern accented auntie.- Homey atmosphere- Good Northern food.- English menuWhats not included:- M1 garand.- Slurping. Fuck American culture.* You should always slurp:chowhound.chow.com/topic
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/5/2014,783,346,12,17,13>Hello, egg tart of my dreams.  Where did you come from?  Sometimes life casually tosses not lemons, but pleasant surprises into your lap - that is, if you are so lucky or tenacious to be at the right place at the right time, armed with an open mind and ready taste buds.  The exterior of the Portuguese egg tart is promising: delicately caramelized surface of the richest, creamiest custard, which rests in a crust that can only be described as perfectly flakey.   The custard is very much like the crème brulee after you've cracked the shell with the culinary weapon of your choice.  This is not your gelatinous egg custards of TaiPan with a distinctly "eggy" taste.  This is much more of a dessert - it's sweet.  You should like sweet things if you expect to enjoy this treat.   The density of the custard is thicker than the typical dan tat, and oddly light at the same time.  It has a bit of the magical fluffiness of successful soufflé centers, and the grounded down-to-earth consistency of panna cotta.  The flavors are of slightly burnt caramel, vanilla, maple.  Having experienced such unexpected and unparalleled joy (at least when it comes to the very finite universe of egg tarts), the I found myself exhibiting similar symptoms to having fallen in love.  Daydreaming while in the clutches of the mundane, day-to-day. Getting tongue-tied around my friends ("you guys have to try these amazing egg tahts!" - accidentally fusing "egg tart" and "dan tat", and sounding suddenly Bostonian).  Realizing upon first bite that a part of me had always known, even in the midst of disappointing encounters, that such a thing of perfection was out there.  Suppressing the irresistible desire to gush to anyone within earshot.     If you want to get metaphysical about it, conceivably, every mediocre-to-bad egg tart experience of my past could have merely been preparing me to meet this one.  Hello, again.   I'm glad I found you.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,5/4/2014,83,197,5,10,7>According to a friend, Two Peck is one of the top places for chicken cutlets in Taiwan. She was amazed to see this stall located in the corner of this mini food court. I had to see what hype she was speaking about so I tried a couple of their full size 8oz cutlets.Fried Chicken Cutlet ($4.50) - There are at least 10 flavors to choose from but the original "salt and pepper" is a must try. They give you a steaming, juicy, crispy cutlet that produces a echoing crunch with each bite. Also flavor sensations go wild as the tongue touches the savory and sweet blend of spices. I must admit that it made me super thirsty with the MSG overload. (8/10)I had the famous chicken cutlets from Taipei's famous night markets and Two Peck's cutlets come pretty close to it. The hero wasn't in the flavor but the technique of the frying. They fried it perfectly as each cutlet possess a golden crispy shell which encases the juice dripping chicken meat.Note: If you buy a drink from Cha Time, you get a .50 cent discount for the cutlet.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/25/2013,103,107,6,6,6>Sac's is your classic pizza parlor/restaurant and they really got this combo down. I've been going here for some time just for the pie, which you can just grab a slice and sit. You can often gauge the quality of a restaurants offerings if you catch the neighborhood cops dropping in for a bite, and I've seen them frequent Sac's often. The pizza is real good. People have always told me I should check out the restaurant side, and for a while I put it off. Well, having been twice in the past six months I have to recommend checking it out for yourself. The food is really spectacular, and I rarely use this adjective unless I'm referencing Spiderman (The Spectacular Spider-man title from Marvel). Really everything I've had here has been great, and I would check out the specials menu for sure. Anything with a cream sauce is the way to go. I would definitely say that you should take a note from the B-52's and Rock Lobster. The lobster and crab ravioli with shrimp and brandy cream sauce is truly a delight. I think the shrimp they serve is soaked in butter, I'll leave it at that.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,6/24/2013,1007,752,10,11,9>When I think Bayside, I think Press195. Service, food, beer, ambiance is incredible and I'm not exaggerating. I've been coming here for years and I always leave pretty satisfied. It's money well spent.I originally wanted to stay in tonight and just watch some NFL games but since neither the Jets or Giants made the playoffs, I decided to invite one of my colleague's to dinner at Press. My colleague is from Shanghai, he came here for just 3 months to help out our office but anyway, he's been wanting to experience a real american style restaurant, good burgers, beers, and all that because he's sick of all of the fast food chains overseas. We both decided to try Press195's new Hawaiian burger w/ salad. Our burgers were medium cooked, juicy, tender, and very flavorful from the pineapple, onions, and sauce. To make the burger even better, there was a slice of canadian bacon and I love my canadian bacon! I also had to order their belgian fries w/ Traphagen's honey jalapeno mustard. The fries were excellent. Just how I like it, crunchy and crispy. My colleague's reaction to his first bite of fries and burger was a kodak moment. His reaction:Belgian Fries: "Omg, these fries is nothing like McDonald's!"Hawaiian Burger: Just a true nod of satisfaction. No words were needed to describe the flavors that were bursting in his mouth, just a simple nod signified the tastiness and excellence of Press195's burgers.Drinks - I ordered a Ballast Point Victory at Sea on draft. I think it was a porter. It tasted very nice. It had a very fresh coffee-like aroma along with some hints of vanilla. It goes down really well and it has a very nice finish.Service - Superb! Busy night, still seated within the first 5 minutes we arrived. Our server Marielle is a real sweetheart. She's really polite and great at multi-tasking during such busy dinner hours.Verdict - If you haven't tried Press195 by now, you're missing out. Press195 is a real gem not only in Bayside, but for all of Queens. I may be a skinny american but I know a good burger and sandwich when I taste one. I've traveled to many places in the U.S and tried numerous amount of burgers and Press195's classic burger could easily be one of, if not my favorite burger. Press195 also offers the best panini sandwiches. Forget that panera bread crap. I use to come here just for their panini's but my jaw can't handle ciabatta bread anymore. #30, 35, and 38 still remain my favorites on the menu.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,6/23/2013,29,86,4,4,4>What's a girl to do when she's sick and needs some good ole Asian comfort food? And mom's not around? Go to Sifu Chio's!Not only does Sifu Chio's have authentic HK-style wontons and shrimp & watercress dumplings in noodle soup, but they also have have some of the most authentic HK-style rice congee I've had in NY, and that includes Chinatown..Sifu Chio's rice congee is slow-cooked until the rice is disintigrated and the congee reaches a porridge-like consistency. You can tell that they don't use a cornstarch slurry to thicken their congee because it doesn't get watery after a few spoonfuls. I like that even their plain rice congee has flavor.. I got the congee with lean pork and preserved duck egg. You get a huge bowl for $4.50 and it has slices of fresh pork and an entire preserved duck egg cut into small pieces. Add a sprinkling of thinly sliced scallions and a dash of white pepper and you have comfort in a bowl!The menu prices have gone up again. The same bowl of congee used to be $3.75 and now it's $4.50. It's still a bargain but not as much as it used to be.. but at least they still use the same quality ingredients!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,6/22/2013,69,32,4,5,4>This is the place to go for Newari food (which is still Nepali food, but Newars are a particular ethnic group, and they have some unique dishes of their own). Their dhal bhat tarkari as well as their momos--the staples that all Nepali folks love to eat--is good. I also recommend their chatamari (Newari dish) and their fried fish (best Nepali-style fried fish that I've had outside of Nepal so far).The staff are super friendly, it's a family run business, and they will try to make your experience there as pleasant as possible. The interior could use some work, so I wouldn't recommend taking a date there. He/she won't be impressed. However, if you want authentic, home-cooked, Nepali/Newari food, this is a great little spot. You will mostly see Nepali folks dining out in this place--it's a local favorite.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,6/21/2013,262,613,8,8,10>After discovering that certain parks in Great Neck are resident only and feeling the sting of exclusivity, I browsed my GPS selection of attractions and found Crocheron Park.The name sounds like a sister planet to Princess Leia's home world, unless I'm mispronouncing the 'on' as an 'aan' .However, the Crocheron family name dates back to the late 1600's and includes congressmen and gamblers. Apparently the infamous political machine leader Boss Tweed sought shelter at the Crocheron House during the 1870's after he escaped jail. Eventually the Crocheron House and surrounding land was acquired by the City of New York and transformed into a park.We entered by the John Golden section of the park. Walking past tennis courts, I was impressed by the cleanliness and spaciousness of the park. Beautiful tall trees starting to blossom added to the grandiosity of it all. Making our way closer to the waterfront, we're presented with a some cliffside view of Little Neck Bay (and the Cross Island Parkway immediately below).There was a staircase and pedestrian bridge leading to the immediate waterfront area but we didn't partake this time.Bathroom facilities are present by the tennis courts and baseball fields. Unfortunately they were not open after 6pm when nature called.I spotted plenty of happy dogs wandering about as well. I'll definitely return for a walk or run along the many paths.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,6/20/2013,65,118,5,7,7>I salivate at the thought of the food here.It's a hidden gem in queens. You can't go wrong with any item on the menu.  The staff is very attentive and there is a family-type vibe in the restaurant.  The food portions are large.  I ordered the Bruschetta as an appetizer and the Cavatelli with Pork Ragu. I could barely finish either but that didn't stop me from eating it anyway.  It's too good to let go to waste.  I was also able to taste the Gnudi which I didn't see on the menu, but I was with a friend who knows the owner so I'm assuming it was a favor.  It was delicious and could have easily been an entree on the menu.We were a larger party and no one ever had an empty glass of wine or the need to ask for anything because the staff really made sure everything went smoothly.  The owner even donated a gift certificate to a fundraiser I recently went to and so many people were aiming to win it!I've been recommending it to EVERYONE I know.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/19/2013,158,189,10,13,13>5 stars for Mian no question about it and I don't give out 5 starts all too often. ( OK maybe I do but that's because I Yelp and don't pick restaurants that suck) Anyway this place rocks and you should be jealous of the fact that you don't live as close to here as I do. I have only ordered delivery from here but plan to take a trip to the restaurant and dine in real soon. That being said, my experiences with Mian have been nothing short of stellar. The staff is always super nice on the phone and takes the time to make sure they get your order correct.  The service is always super fast and the delivery guy has always been polite and friendly. If that wasn't enough for a fiver the food really seals the deal.  This food is not your ordinary order by number, over sauced, MSG laden pu pu platter. No my friends, this stuff is fresh, light and super flavorful.  And most of their dishes cost less than the #C15 at your local Chinese joint.  ( see, getting jealous of my close proximity to the place now right?) The dumplings are as fresh as fresh gets, filled to the brim with your choice of chicken, pork or veggies. These puppies have never seen the inside of as freezer and the soy sauce they send with it is good enough to order as an aperitif.  The spring rolls are equally delicious.  Nice and crispy without being oily and they give you like 6 of them for $3.50!!   I've gotten the Broad Noodles before and they were excellent, Id recommend them if you like a saucier noodle. I've also gotten the Stir fried Yee Mian with Duck and they actually use pieces of real duck!! This dish is on the lighter side and you get to taste all of the ingredients.  I would have to say that my favorite thing so far (I'm working my way down the menu) is the Ginger Scallion Cold Noodle.  The combination of this dish's flavors is out of this world. I would recommend it to anyone. You cab even chose from pork, chicken or duck to top it off. I would also recommend getting some of the hot chili oil for it too. I really can't say enough good things about this place. I am happy they are here and I hope you will give them a try. I know I will continue to go here over and over again.....considering how close I am to them LOL  ( It's ok to be jealous!)
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,6/18/2013,105,94,5,13,9>What a lovely Queens gem!  You know you're in an authentic Japanese restaurant when there's Japanese people dining.   This place is family owned and a total treat!  I can't wait to come back for dinner to try the omakase.  The owner Robin is such a warm and kind man.  He explained the pieces of sashimi that were given with our $11.75 lunch special.  So what does 1 get for $11.75 at Takesushi?1.  Self serve salad with carrot ginger dressing2. Miso soup3. Grilled Tuna with a light soy sauce4. Bowl of Sticky Rice5. 4 pieces of sashimi (one was tuna near the bones and the other was a fish from Venezuela that i couldn't remember the name of)6. A taste of soy marinated eggplant with ginger7. perfectly fried sardine  (so crisp that the bones were edible)my friend also got an order of the fried chicken wings.  These were quite tasty and tender.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,6/17/2013,206,108,4,12,11>So I have been a gym member of Phyzique for about a month now. I used to be a pretty insane gym rat when I still lived in Honolulu, but I was going to 24 Hour Fitness which is an equivalent to a NYSC here in NYC. We had 2 floors, a womens floor, lots of fitness classes, all the amenities you can think of...blah blah.Anyway, needless to say, I think that this gym is worth every dollar. I think that their prices are reasonable, their staff is very friendly and professional. This place is very clean, and gym goers are very considerate of each other. It's never too crowded, and I have never had to wait for a machine. I had debated between the YMCA or the NYSC which is in my vicinity, but not as close to my apartment as Phyzique is. I also like the small, friendly atmosphere this place has. It was $349/ year or $239 for 6 months. I opted for the $239, because I run a lot in the summer, but I really regret that I didn't go for the $349 because I think this place is well worth it, and it is a really great deal for a gym membership in NY. One thing I do wish though, is a bigger stretching area. I run a lot, and sometimes that area gets a bit too crowded. But overall, I am a very happy member of this gym, and I am glad that I made the right choice to join this gym. I'm actually on my way there after I finish this review!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,6/16/2013,593,1089,9,13,10>my new default supermarket! and it's not even in my neighborhood. wait, what?!this Waldbaum's is huge. it looks very recently renovated, it's bright, and the employees are helpful and friendly. the selection is incredible here, and the produce is fresh ta def. and, not gonna lie, I was amazed that a big-name supermarket in Bayside (of all places!) would have such a variety of ethnic specialties and imports. I am impressed.my biggest gripe with food shopping where I live in Forest Hills is the lack of parking - I might as well walk to any supermarket, and then I'm limited on purchasing. but, since this is located in the Bay Terrace Shopping center, there's tons of parking (at least when I go, right after work - my carpool spot is nearby) and it's FREE.yes, like a REAL AMERICAN I am known to load up the SUV with tons of food! too bad for you schmucks who have to lug it all home by hand! COME AT ME BRO!self-checkout machines are plentiful and easy to use.with the right balance of pricing, selection, cleanliness, and parking, it's easy to see why I pretty much gave up on grocery shopping in Forest Hills.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,4/9/2012,553,249,17,19,16>Here's the thing.I could tell you all about the great atmospheric vibe (although sometimes the music is too loud) here.  I could tell you how all of their cocktails are on point. Always.  And the seasonal beer lists is a great treat. I could tell you the burger here is worth the trip alone. But...I'm not going to go into detail about those things.I am however, going to tell you about the Mac & Cheese.The Ooey Gooey skillet cooked Mac & Cheese is the stuff Dreams are made of. Sweet Sweet(afton) Cheesy Dreams.Maybe it's the Irish Cheddar. Maybe it's the Muenster. Maybe it's the Gruyere. Or maybe it's the fact that you can add double smoked (yup double) Brooklyn bacon for only $1. I honestly don't know what it is, but I do know that that little hot skillet of creamy, cheesy, crispy, sometimes bacony goodness is simply divine!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,4/8/2012,289,416,11,17,15>Cevapcici. The days are starting to get warmer and if  grilling is also one of your favorite activities, then Astoria is the best neighborhood to find different types of meat for the grill.   In addition to Brazil's "linguica", Greek "shishkebabs" and the other usual suspects,  "cevapcici", pronounced "shevapchichi" are Croatian sausages that would expand the variety in your barbecue party.It is sold for $10.99 for a box of eighteen (18) pieces in this store and you can just get a jar of the spicy sauce and the pita bread it is usually served with.   As you buy from this store, you'll also get service as warm as the air in southeastern Europe which makes you want to fire the grill all the more.  Just don't forget to invite me.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,4/7/2012,158,189,6,10,7>Along Northern Blvd there are many places to get Korean fried chicken but to me this is the best spot.  I have had the pleasure of eating at the restaurant as well as getting takeout, both of which guarantee you wonderfully fresh chicken. The restaurant is long and narrow and nicely decorated, but honestly i could care less about decor. To me a restaurant is based on the food, the staff and the cleanliness of the environment. mad for chicken aces all three.  The first time I was in the restaurant my friend and I were greeted as if we were regulars.  The staff was and always is very friendly and ready to make your dining there very pleasant. We ordered the wings/drums combo of half  soy garlic and half spicy, even though the waiter said they were very hot and cautioned me about ordering them.  I  told him i could handle them  and he almost had a look of "you'll see"  They first brought out a great corn salad that was very fresh and crisp as well as pickled turnip (I think) Then came the star of the show. the chicken came out glistening and steaming hot just waiting to be devoured. the waiter hung around as i sunk my teeth into my first taste of spicy Korean fried chicken. It was some of the best chicken I've had in my life. it was spicy but not as spicy as he lead me to believe, but then again I've tangled with a ghost chili or two in my time so my tolerance for spice is high. ( I hadn't mentioned that to him). All in all a great dining experience. Most recently i went there with my girlfriend and she agreed it was as good as she's had too.  This time along with the chicken we ordered the Kim Mary which is a deep fired kimbap or a seaweed roll filled with rice and other goodies. fried to perfection it was so good I had to slow down eating it so I didn't accidentally bite the tips of my fingers. Lastly we had the kimchi fried rice.  I will never be able to have pork fried rice from the local Chinese place again  This was also some of the best I've had from the pieces of spicy sausage to the fried eggs on top it was absolutely delicious.if you are ever in the area you must stop by for some chicken you will definitely be back for more.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/6/2012,73,346,9,6,7>Apparently this place is difficult to get into, primarily because the line is always up the wazoo.Walked in during a late lunch and the place was empty. But I can understand the beef, this space is SMALL.What's especially striking about this place is that they cook your meat (funny) on a crystal-esque grill, which is placed on a slant. I was so tempted to touch. Don't make the same mistake.We ordered a round of thinly sliced duck which was pretty awesome. Best part was that all the fat oozed down to the end of the crystal, electrifying the kimchi (which was placed on the bottom end of the crystal-grill). Never seen this before and I got excited. Reminded me of my first visit to a strip club.And if you're into specialty rice, they also offer this dark purple grain (don't know what it's called in English) that they serve in a pumpkin. A freakin' pumpkin. And it ain't even Halloween. Awesome.Last AND!, get the gaejahng. They asked if we wanted it and I thought WHY THE HELL WOULDN'T WE WANT IT. Then I looked across and realized my friend was preggers.Lady was just looking out for us/(her).
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/5/2012,666,1833,5,7,6>Whenever I wander into Flushing Chinatown, this inevitably becomes a target. It's a surefire winner with an awesome selection, great service, and a knack for feeding any random craving I may have. I love the BBQ corn, which has a great kick thanks to all the spices it's rolled in, and one order is good to split between two people. The soups of all kinds are piping hot, a personal favorite is the three mushroom soup with vermicelli. You can pick your ingredients, down to noodle type, and slurp away. Don't wear a white shirt unless you have somehow magically figured out how to get hot soup and noodles into your mouth with a shallow spoon and chopsticks and not dribble it all down your front. If you have perfected this momentous feat, please teach me, because apparently I have the culinary grace of a two year old despite years of experience. The entrees and rice dishes are also great, a personal favorite is the fried seafood rice. Overall, I'd advise going with a group, or just one or two other very hungry people (or those whose eyes are bigger than their stomachs, myself for example). Get a bunch of stuff and share. Make sure to add some homemade pickle to everything, or at least try it, it's delicious! Regardless, you'll end up with leftovers. And that is always a good thing!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,4/4/2012,242,180,6,6,7>Let me mark my territory quickly before this place blows up. Contrary to what many people may think (*ahem* Serious Eats I'm looking at you), this isn't shaved ice. Yes. The concept, machine and execution are similar. But it is not 'tsua bing' or 'bao bing' .Snopo serves 'Xue Hua Bing', literally translated as 'Snowflake Ice'. To put it simply (yet vaguely), it tastes like flavored snowflakes or iced cotton candy or powdered slushie or any combination of those words. Instead of shaving pure ice, Xue Hua Bing is made by shaving a pre-made frozen mixture of ice, milk and flavoring. This creates a treat very similar to the the snowflakes that fall in your dreams and possibly on the set of "Cloudy With A Chance of Meatball". I've shared a plate with girls, I've shared a plate with guys, I've shared a plate with Asians, I've shared a plate with Albanians. Xue Hua Bing does not discriminate its fan base. One plate is more than enough for two and serves as the perfect capper to a dinner in Flushing. The portions are huge and remind me of the snowpile that accumulates after I finish shoveling my driveway. While the dessert is unique, don't try to get fancy with your order. All the bad experiences in reviews had people trying "Romantic Snowy", just go with the regular Mango Ice with condensed milk (included, no need to ask) and you're golden. Snopo isn't my first experience with Xue Hua Bing in the States, that honor goes to Cloud9 in Chicago, but Snopo's version had the biggest portions with the most robust taste and the most variety of flavors.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,4/2/2012,385,701,10,11,15>I can't believe I haven't written a review for one of my favorite places in Flushing. My boyfriend and I were talking about how Cantonese places are slowly disappearing so I took him to New Flushing Noodle Shop. My boyfriend LOVED IT. I used to go here ALL THE TIME when I lived in College Point for real Cantonese style food. There are only about 4 places left in the Chinatown Flushing area, that I can think of, that sells this type of cuisine. My favorite thing here is the "Family Meal" for 20.95. You get to pick 3 entrees from a really well rounded "Family Meal" menu. Everyone gets bowl of rice and a bowl of soup included in the price. It is enough food to feed 4 people! Last time we picked from their extensive menu: Peking Pork Chops, Sweet and Sour Fish Filet and the Filet Mignon served with long stalky Chinese greens. Everything was so good. And it came out faster than you can say....PF CHANG! ha! (for Phil H!) I was thinking, man, Phil H would love the Peking Pork Chops here! I had leftover for lunch the next day. So gooooood. The staff here was super duper friendly!! Reason why I am mentioning this is because....I NEVER HAD NICE WAITRESS AT A CANTONESE PLACE!!!! She was so nice and sweet and attentive. I was so shocked by this! Most Cantonese people don't believe in giving great service like this. She was amazingly great. I can't say enough about our waitress. I smile at her all the time when I go there now. You gotta try the Peking Pork Chops. YUM! The Fish Filet was a bit greasy but I'll just ask for less grease next time. I love it anyways....can you imagine feeding 4 people for less than $25! Unheard of!I saw them selling an entire roasted suckling pig with the crispy skin for $148. According to my boyfriend it's cheap. It looked DELICIOUS!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,4/1/2012,32,219,6,9,9>I popped over here to see what a million dollar renovation will get you in Queens. A lot, apparently. The lobby is very MOMA-esque, with the addition of a bright, space-age blue light leading into one of the main theatres. The very friendly front desk let us know that most films are free with general admission ($10, although I look 16 in direct sunlight, so I got offered a student rate). On top of their arthouse-y foreign film offerings, they're showing vintage Green Hornet episodes every half hour or so in a kitschy theatre off the film wing. The general collection is relatively (to Manhattan museums) small, but pretty cool -- for instance, nerds, there's arcade games so I never have to go to Barcade to play Donkey Kong again. And you can see Chewbacca's head! Or, the head Peter Mayhew wore to be Chewbacca, if you're going to be a buzzkill.My favorite part of the museum was the temporary Real Virtuality exhibit on the top floor. It's a curated play on "virtual reality," and definitely an interesting experience. Although it smelled a little mildew-y up there, the free guided tour was a lot of fun. It's not often something can be a great date spot OR a place to take your family. Check it out!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,3/31/2012,52,71,6,7,8>Ok, so you would think doing layers would be a simple task (isn't that like beauty school 101???) Well NO, not for this other salon that i went to prior to coming to Diva! My hair looked like a 5 year old took their blunt ass scissors and chopped it all up..not even a flat iron could hide the mess! So i wore my hair up for about a month to let it grow out some (thankfully my hair grows extremely fast) before i tried to get it fixed. I search for hours looking for a salon that had great reviews and I found Diva...called her up and booked my appt. and when i arrived she knew me by name (points!!)...she (Lana) had one of her asst. wash my hair and prep me because she was still with someone and when i got in the chair i showed her the mess that was created and pics of what i wanted it to look like...she totally surpassed every expectation i had! She not only fixed the disaster, she made my hair look so amazing and exactly what i have been wanting my hair to look like! She took her time and was very precise about everything..which i loved because i am the ultimate perfectionist! After she finished she blow dried (didn't pull my hair out in the process) then touched up whatever she needed and finished off with a flat iron (which many salons don't use). She then talked to me about what we can do over the next 2-3 cuts to get my hair the length and shape i want. I will DEF be coming back to her for all my haircut needs! I left very happy and satisfied! OH AND THE BEST PART!!! it was ONLY $ 30 bucks!!!! After paying $80 for a choppy chop job i was shocked! Spread the word!! Diva is the place to go!!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,3/30/2012,316,268,15,16,17>Service with a smile. An age old idea that hasn't survived our fast-paced, entitled lifestyles. However it lives on in this small halal cart on Queens Blvd. Most guys in their halal carts look and sound like they hate life. The guy here at Shah's smiles as if he was born to serve delicious $6 rice platters (+ soda) to starving commuters struggling with the mediocre offerings in the surrounding Briarwood area. No matter what time of the night it is, he's happy to see me. He smiles because he has one of the best lamb over rice platters I've tasted in NYC. Nicely seasoned chunks of meat tower over fluffy rice that when mixed with that white sauce, I almost always finish before going to town on the meat. Hot sauce that is flavorful yet gentle on both your mouth and bowels alike.. and of course a complete last minute meal with drink for $6. Shah's, thanks for making quick cheap meal options in the hood exciting again.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,10/24/2012,356,239,6,11,8>I normally would be above writing a review about an airport terminal, but terminal 5 is so unique and awesome that it deserves a glowing review.I religiously fly JetBlue. My family is mostly in Florida, so I fly often. I actually look forward to going to the airport because of terminal 5. I now have a tradition of getting to terminal 5 extra early so I can eat at one of the delicious restaurants. My favorite is Aeronuova the Italian restaurant, its actually pretty good Italian food. I also enjoy watching all the silent movies while I eat. This is definitely not stereotypical airport food. The sushi at Deep Blue was pretty good. It tasted fresh and was very enjoyable. The food court is even fantastic for a food court, offering gourmet items. There are several bars in terminal 5, so you can work on your pre-flight buzz. There's a Ben & jerry's for your pre-flight cherry garcia. If that's not enough and you still have more time on your hands check out all the duty free stores, go get a facial at the spa, or just chill enjoying the free and dependable wifi.The design of terminal 5 is sleek and futuristic. It feels very open and has lots of seating. The bathrooms are always clean. Waiting for your flight here is actually an enjoyable experience and a nice way to start your trip.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,10/23/2012,30,76,9,6,8>As a Sunnyside resident, I should be annoyed that most my buddies in Astoria have adopted Mosaic as their go-to spot for tipsy fraternizations. It is possibly the farthest bar for me to bike to except for the Con-Ed Plant's speak-easy which I like to imagine exists. But not a murmur of protest escapes my normally overly critical mouth because Mosaic does a splendid job in being exactly the bar/lounge I'd like to frequent. With most of my reviews I like start with a few lines about the decor. They are usually short throwaway anecdotes that I hope people glance over before they realize how pointless the statements are. But with Mosaic, the atmosphere is a huge draw for me and I would encourage any visitors to take a moment to appreciate it. It is Victorian-esque with playful color scheme but stops just short of being gaudy. It is what I imagine what Oscar Wilde's parlour room would look like while he exchanges witticisms with the Cheshire Cat. The seating itself, except for the bar, is largely self-contained so expect more intimacy with the group you are with rather than bumping elbows with strangers. Still though, the place is small enough to cheerily infringe on neighboring conversations and make new friends. The music selection has yet to be disappointing. Solid alternative tunes that sound hand picked rather than a playlist of popular Billboard listed tracks (They don't play Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" on loop. I'm looking at you EVERYWHERE ELSE), More importantly, they play it at a reasonable volume setting that somehow eludes so many other bars.With these qualities in mind, along with the fantastic beer selection and friendly staff, Astoria should consider itself lucky to have Mosaic around. The worst part about it is the horrific squeaking sounds emitted in the area as I trudge on my crappy bike home from here.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,10/22/2012,57,40,5,7,6>Queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnns!!!!!!!!There is something about getting pizza from a place where ordering is straight out of a growing up in queens manual. I just absolutely love the bluntness (can be mistaken for rudeness) of the meathead behind the counter, who probably is the son. Sicilian, grandma, plain with garlic, chicken parm hero. All are delicious. If you like garlic than you will love the food here. They slice it so thin and somehow its sweet and they put it on everything. The place is on on of the main thoroughfares in Maspeth but its still relatively unknown outside to loyalists and locals. Main reason its not near any train stations, so it keeps most of the manhattan/brooklyn foodies who are mostly straphangers away. Thanks for keeping it real Roooossssaaaaa
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,10/21/2012,38,105,4,5,4>Pros:-Cool, no frills, non-commercial bowling alley.  On Friday nights boasts laser lights-neon makes the whole world glow better and brighter.-Not too crowded or noisy (I'm in my 30's, this is the concern my generation deals with for better or worse) .-Affordable (but just about everything in Queens is affordable.  Not sure if that's saying much).-Food and a bar inside-Got an order of yummy chicken fingers and the counter girl generously provided us with 5 different dips.  I had enough dip for 5 orders of chicken fingers if I felt so inclined.  -My friend excitedly urged me to go to the bathroom (that sounds oddly not like what it is).  Her eyes widened when she told me that I would see something I hadn't before.  She was right.  No, this is not THE JETSONS, this is real life: the toilet paper dispensor is freaking automatic!!  And I thought a pacemaker meant we had arrived-technology is taking over the world.  It is.  It also has a manuel feature too (This is very important.  If you thought your blender breaking is an issue, can you imagine an automatic toilet paper dispenser without a manuel option malfunctioning?  We would start to see people with pants around their knees idling their way out of their stall to get to the automatic paper towel dispensar instead).   -If you sadly throw a sissy gutter ball, a  melodramic animation of pins resembling zombies scurrying after a frazzled blonde girl who shrieks is displayed on a monitor.  It's almost worth getting a gutter ball.  A strike will get you an equally amusing set of bowling balls resembling bulls whom charge against a fence.  On the opposite side of the fence is a toreador bowling pin wearing a sombrero.  What's not to like?Con:-The scoring maching was broken.  After getting a strike, instead of going again the next person up was highlighted to throw the ball.  I was going to complain to management but my friend who is a bowling beast (that's a compliment.  He's from the midwest, I imagine bowling is 1 of 5 activities available to do in the middle of the country) suggested not to.  He was slated to win, who am I to argue with him?-If you think not standing to sing the star spangled banner is un-American, try a bowling alley that does not have nachos with cheese.  Are we in Afghanistan or something?!-A bit of a walk from the closest subway.  But hey, if you're capable of picking up a 10 pound ball and holding it with three fingers, you're capable of walking a couple of blocks to have fun on a Saturday night at Astoria Bowl.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,10/20/2012,65,227,4,8,8>I bike to eat, I eat to bike. That's right-I find an awesome place to chow down, and I bike there. That way, I get some exercising in, and I get to splurge without feeling fat. So when it came time for my sis to get a new bike (the one she got from Target broke within a few months, so it was 250 down the drain), one of our friends recommended us to go to GBC. The boss, Dean, was extremely helpful and accommodating. He sold my sis a 2012 Specialized Road Bike for a damn good price, like a boss. I upgraded my tires for an ok price, like a boss. They have catalogs, and if you like a particular bike that they don't have in store, they can build one for you so that you can test ride for a $200 deposit. You're not obligated to buy it, so no pressure. I really regret going to Bicycle Habitat to get my Specialized hybrid. It's so far, and my sticker for free tune ups came off! GBC is much closer, friendlier and more helpful. Although I don't trust Dean's comment about riding 100 miles on my hybrid, I will definitely go to GBC to upgrade my bike. I feel that with my hybrid, I will never be able to catch up with friends and sister who have the fancy bikes.It's true that Manhattan may be the mecca for bike shopping, but GBC definitely beats the city in terms of service and price. My next bike will be a Specialized road bike, and GBC, here I come, like a boss.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,10/19/2012,241,315,9,7,9>I hate this Taco Truck.Whenever I find myself in need of a few days of diet I find it parked right by my neighborhood brandishing its colorful neon lights and seducing me with those yummy caloricious(?) tacos. Dayum. I'm talkin' at least 1500 calories of pure carbs and protein meats in those rice platters with bistek and pork, completely *drowned* in white sawzeee. Let me tell ya. It's good. Only reason this is not 5 stars is that I do take guilty pleasure eating it and since I always get heavy platters, I tend to feel a bit too full and sickly afterwards. Totally my own fault though. You can probably split it into 3 meals. Anyways come here for some awesome freaking street food. It's worth a subway ride if you're not an Astorian.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,10/18/2012,42,92,6,5,6>After spending some time going through countless of reviews on Yelp, I booked a table for 9 on a Saturday night to celebrate my birthday with my family at Portalia. We started off with a bottle of wine(forgot the name) and a few appetizers:Grilled Calamari - A bit overcooked and the grill marks made it bitterFried Calamari - Cooked perfectly. Yum!Polenta with mushroom - My fave out of all the appetizers. I've never had polenta like this.Crab cakes - Very tasty Entrees: (Tip: They make their own pasta)Goat cheese with truffle oil ravioli in mushroom sauce (Special) - Wow! The star of the night. I love truffle oil and this hit the spot for me.Pork chop with apple sauce - Apple and pork are a classic combination. Pork was nice and juicy.Carbonara - My 2nd fave. Well seasoned and not at all heavy. Fettuccine with salmon and asparagus in pink sauce -  A little less sauce would've made this dish perfectBranzino - Best one I've had so far. Cooked perfectly! Crisp skin but the meat is moist and tender. If you're looking for a light meal, this is a good choice.Bisteca - I think it's flank or maybe skirt. Meat was cooked to medium rare served with greens. Of course we had to get dessert. We were full so we decided to share.Flourless choc cake with pistachio gelato - Sooo good! If I wasn't so full, I'd order one for myself.Tiramisu - I thought it was a bit too soggy but the strawberry compote on the side was delish! Apple tart with vanilla bean gelato - It was a bit too tart and the crust was too hard. It didn't taste fresh.Overall, we had a very enjoyable night. They didn't rush us and the servers were very attentive and friendly especially Julia. The reason that I only gave it 4 stars is that they must've turned off the a/c. By the end of the night, we were all sweating. We would've lingered a bit longer but we couldn't take heat anymore.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,10/17/2012,212,116,6,6,5>I guess I can't order from a place 5+ times a week and not give them 5+ stars as well. They're definitely giving places like JJ's and Junkos a run for their money. And with their seemingly-never-ending grand opening discounts, it's just too easy when deciding where to order from. The price is more than right. Not to mention the food is definitely worth it! We've had just about every sushi bar appetizer, every specialty roll, the filet mignon, the gyoza, seaweed salad, sashimi, on and on and on. Honestly I couldn't even count how many times we've ordered from them since they opened not that long ago. I'm starting to feel like I should be Facebook friends with the delivery guy.Fast delivery, late hours, great food. One day I should really get around to dining there!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/16/2012,49,153,6,10,6>I can't believe how long it took me to notice this place.  (Well, technically I "noticed" it a long time ago, but always late and night when it was closed. And then I'd forget to come back in the daytime.)I love--no really, LOVE--cheese, and this place has a huge selection of imports and stuff you don't usually find. Including about a dozen varieties of feta (greek, french, romanian, bulgarian, sheep, cow...you name it!) There's also at LEAST a dozen types of olives, sold in bulk. And the bulk nuts & fruits others have mentioned. They have most of those kinds of things you might be looking for if you've spent any time in the balkans and developed a soft spot for something particular. (For me, that means bulgarian yogurt, among other things.) I've only been here a few times now, but service has always been friendly, as well. And they let you taste the cheeses and things if you're overwhelmed by options and not sure what to buy.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/15/2012,266,330,6,5,5>what a name to live up to. it's gotta be fast and tasty!buffalo chicken pizza. huge. meaty. not enough cheese, but that's okay you just pour some bleu cheese dressing on it. sicilian style so the bread is thick and crunchy. one slice is enough for a full dinner! and at a little over $3 it is definitely worth it. the wings were crunchy and made fresh on the stop so it took a little longer than average. also, the philly cheesesteak-- delicious! a generous amount of meat piled on top of a fluffy french roll. needed more cheese because i am a cheese fanatic, but other than that the meat wasn't too fatty and shreeded just so. service was a little slow-- but other than that it is clean, fast, and pretty mouth-watering. i wouldn't eat this kind of food every day, but i'll probably start stopping by here if i'm too lazy to make dinner or for some late night snacks!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/17/2012,107,384,7,9,8>I came here with a friend last night and felt the wrath of the evening until about 2 pm today (thank you, Chipotle, for curing me).  Despite todays sentiments, I love this bar.  Let me count the ways:1. Fantastic, friendly bartender who remembers orders and actually wants to get to know his customers2. Cheap drinks ($10 for an Absolute and soda and a Magners)3. Third drink is FREE! I didn't even know buybacks still existed -- I thought they went extinct years before I turned 214. Fun, hexagonal tables that allow for good conversations with groups of friends5. Jukebox playing great selections6. Ample TV's for your sports-viewing pleasure6. Darts and Buck Hunter (okay, I really don't care about Buck Hunter, but some might)7. You're allowed to bring in/order in food8. Decent bathrooms9. Doesn't have that stuffy, old-men-sit-here-all-day sort of feeling that a lot of local bars do10. Good lighting (ambiance is key)Need I say more?
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,2/16/2012,472,510,8,15,12>When the weather teeters around the low 50s and below, it's Hot Pot time.  This is a rule of thumb I tend to follow for myself during the fall and winter months.  Finally had the chance to come here a few nights ago with the bf and his darling mom.  She had wanted to go for hot pot in Flushing, but I suggested Shell Cove instead since it was fairly easy to get to, and parking is much less of a nightmare in Elmhurst.This new establishment is clean, contemporarily chic, and nicely designed with fitted booths (that can seat 4 to a table).  If you have a larger party, they can accommodate you as well with the open seating area that has longer tables -- just don't bring a wildly large crowd here as the hot pot style offered at Shell Cove is not family style, and it seems they won't be able to truly accommodate a bigger crowd as some other hot pot places can in flushing (Shanghai Tide, for instance).  Having said that, I still really enjoyed my experience at Shell Cove.  The modern and updated feel of this place, with individualized, electronic tabletop burners, and the open sauce making station, helpfully labeled in english with all the various sauces, was a major delight.  I also noticed they have rice, if you think the glass noodles that come with your order is not enough.  Or, you have a serious addiction to carbs.  Whichever.  The portion size was also very filling.  I had the chicken hot pot ($9.99) with the Japanese Kelp soup base, which was free (note, not all soup bases are created equal!  A couple are free, at no-charge, and most others will be an additional $1 or $2).  We also ordered the stuffed fish balls to share on top of our individualized hot  pots.  The meal was so filling that we couldn't even finish all our food, which is a very rare occurrence (we like to eat!).  Allow me then, to convincingly suggest not to order any appetizers or additional menu items because trust me, you will not need more food than your individual pots.  Along with the meat of your choosing, you get a nice, big bowl of glass noodles, fresh, chinese cabbage, mustard greens, mushrooms, winter melon, corn, and an egg.  This is more than enough to work with.  (They also have dessert, if interested).  You'll have fun creating your sauce masterpiece and enjoying it along with your hot pot selection.Bring your appetite and cold hard cash as they do not except credit cards.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,2/15/2012,291,395,5,6,6>If you need a reason to fly Delta, Custom Burgers by Pat La Frieda is a real doozy!  As a result to too many late-night fun visits to Wawa, I find touch ordering screens irresistible.  Therefore, although it was 6am, I was helpless against Custom Burgers by Pat La Frieda.  Sucked in by the glow of the touch screen monitors, I oohed and ahhed over all the potential combinations before settling on a burger ($4.75) with lettuce (free), fried egg (+$1.50), smoked mozzarella (+$1), mushrooms ($1) and fried onions ($1) on a potato roll with garlic aioli.For you breakfast fundamentalists, you can even order an egg sandwich and get a burger for $1 as your meat topping!  How pimp is that???5-15 minutes later (things are never clear for me early in the morning), my number was called and I gratefully picked up my burger.  The thing was a monster in the best possible way, almost impossible to eat with your hands without losing a bunch of toppings.  It was juicy and flavorful and better than coffee, jolt or poking yourself in the eyeball as a pick me up!PARTING THOUGHT: I'm all over the fried pickles next time!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,2/14/2012,153,123,2,9,8>While I was apartment hunting in the area, a good friend conveniently offered to drive out and have dinner with me. Got there pretty early on a weeknight, and there were 2 tables occupied, 3 if you included us. The staff was attentive and kept checking up on us, and were patient with us while my friend was pouring out, in detail, his girl problems. I ordered french onion soup and made my friend order mushroom risotto, because I desperately wanted to try it. It was delicious and I ate both plates. I then ordered open faced mushroom ravioli while my friend had the steak. I'm now a vegetarian and I often just pick mushroom dishes off menus- they're pretty safe. I regret getting so full from the appetizers, because I really don't think I was able to fully enjoy the ravioli. I just made myself really hungry by writing this review. See you soon, L'artiste!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,2/13/2012,102,568,22,28,21>M I Z U M I  B U F F E T = Y U M, Y U M, Y U M !!!  I came here to celebrate my lovely sister's birthday with a party of 11 (8 adults & 3 kids).  Luckily, I reserved early because the place was jam packed due to a Friday evening.  NOTE:  Reservations are suggested for parties of 10 persons or more.  They offer a semi-private room for a gathering of up to 45 persons!  The service is good for the most part.  The staff advised us that we could stay for 1.5 hours max during peak hours but they were quite generous and allowed us to stay much longer than expected.  In addition, the waiters kept refilling our drinks and cleaning up after us, plate after plate.  However, near the end when we asked the waitress to bring out our cake, she made a mistake a brought a cake from the other table which ruined the great surprise that we had planned for my sister.  SIGH, I knew it was a mistake on their part so we did not take it to heart.  Anyway, this place is definitely great for families to bring kids.  Kids can run around without having the adults to worry about their whereabouts because there is always someone in the front door.  The set pricing is pretty fair for Mon-Thurs Lunch=$17.95 & Dinner=$28.95, Fri-Sun Lunch=$21.95 & Dinner=$31.95.  Then Children between 4-5 ft tall=Half price, 3-4 ft tall=Quarter price, and under 3 ft=FREE!  Now, onto the food.. You must be warned that this is a EAT ALL THAT YOU CAN EAT kind of place so be prepared to be stuffed until you can be stuffed NO MORE!  LOL  I had a semi-difficult time eating such an awesome variety of the delicious food, such as sushi and sashimi, cold entries and salads, hot entrees and soups, and desserts and pastries because of my limited tummy storage space.  But it does not matter because I know that we all had a great time!!!  =)NOTE:  Mizumi is kind of hidden behind the gas station!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,2/12/2012,188,199,8,9,7>I had the morning off and I decided to give fairway a try...Had my grocery list all prepared, 10 items to be exact, I didn't really know what to expect. Parking was easy, grabbed my shopping cart, list anddddddddddddddd omfggggggg I was completely blown away. No, you don't understand. Words cant explain what this place is like. I felt like I was trippin the entire time (in a good way). I could easily spend a week in this place.Fairway gives a whole new meaning to organic produce, it just doesnt end. The prices are very reasonable. Organic shitake mushrooms for $3.64, ill take it! Everything you can possibly imagine. I was running around like a 5 year old, throwing everything in my cart, grinning from ear to ear. Cheese. Everywhere. I was standing amazed for a good 10 minutes. Vast selection of everything under sun.Olive oil. 100's of bottles lined up. I've never even heard of 1/2 of the olive oils they were selling. They even have a tasting stand!! 10 different types of olive oil, bread on the side and you can taste away.Huge fish/meat/chicken section. Once again a large section of organic meats. I was blown away. They had a lot of sales going on.Coffee bins, sushi stand, buffet (hot and cold), vast selection of olives, pickle station, huge section just for nuts and the list goes on and on...All of the carts have a map on it so that helped me not get lost. Lets just say I didn't stick to my list.......
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,2/11/2012,388,325,11,13,11>So I love meat, right? Who doesn't. We went to this place to see what all the fuss was about. I have been to my fair share of steakhouses, including the sister place to insignia, black stone. This place was good. The decor was airy and a little upscale. The pretty people work here, and dine here. We were surrounded by a LOT of pretentious douchebags, but I guess that's expected. The menu had some nice things on it, including venison (deeeeeelic), pork belly, various seafoods. Everything we got was good. I kinda found it to be on par with other upper steakhouses BUT I honestly wasn't floored by the food, so driving over an hour to go there most likely isn't going to happen. I'd rather go to rothmans, but prolly cause I've been going there so long, I felt guilty cheating on it. The waitstaff is why I gave 4 stars instead of 3. They were fantastic, attentive and funny. They made good recommendations, and acknowledged we were steak house regulars. Food was good, wine selection was dope, wait staff was great. Obvious the menfolk don't show the check, we's got class in my crew, but I'm sure we broke 500 EASY on a good (but not earth shattering) meal.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,2/10/2012,2398,639,12,9,14>This place is like an institution.  I never realized it has such good food until recently.  I know about it because a lot of the stories the older people from my building tell me start with things like..."That lady goes around the bagel house saying.....""He thinks he owns the bagel house or something...""I saw her at the bagel house the other day and I didn't even say hi..."and so on and so forth.  So for years, I stayed my butt out the bagel house, because I didn't want people talking about me or watching me or all up in my business...I was like...really?  all this hoopla over some bagels?  How is all of this stuff going on in this small place?!But recently out of necessity, I have grabbed some sandwiches and bagels from the bagel house and the smoked turkey sandwich with brie and sun dried tomatoes was great.  Fantastic...  I can see why these people gravitate towards the place...I feel like im 16 all over again trying to sneak into the club...Finally, I have something to look forward to when I get older...I can go to the bagel house and then talk about the people I see later....I feel just a little older already just thinking about it!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,2/9/2012,183,187,9,13,15>I FINALLY have somewhere to go for my Peruvian food fix!  Thank you, queens of Queens UYE, Lizz & Helena :DFirst time here was for dinner with 30 yelpers.  We took up about 90% of the restaurant and the wait staff handled us with grace.  Given, it took a long time for the food to come out, which is understandable, we were kept busy with the delicious sangrias and inka cola.Second time back was just with my best friend, and it was still the same great latin music, polite staff, everything looks clean.  I love the atmosphere here, and the convenience of E/F train, and the plentiful parking spots.Favorite order here is definitely Combo #2: (feeds 2-4)1 Pollo a la brasa - seasoned and roasted SO nicely that the meat comes right off the bone when you fork it. Ooo yeah~1 Arroz - yellow rice.  I'd SERIOUSLY recommend subsituting this item for the rice WITH BEANS for $1 extra.  It tastes much better than just rice alone.1 Maduro - I have odd cravings for sweet plantains, love 'em!1 Salchipapa - fries w/ sliced hot dogs... might sound like an unusual combination, but hey, fork the 2 together in a bite and it's pretty tasty.1 Ensalada - avocado salad is surprisingly flavorful.  The bottom might get very salty, so watch out!Other must-try's:Calamares Fritos - Fried calamari on top of yuca fries.Tallarines Verdes con Bistec - the steak is thin, so eat it quick while it's hot! Green pasta is SO good, especially with the GREEN SAUCE xD**side note** EVERYTHING tastes good w/ green sauce =P
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,2/8/2012,238,433,7,14,7>The Dog and Duck (DD) is definitely a welcome addition to Skillman Ave and the Sunnyside community. Offering a traditional menu of gastropub/bistro fare with an emphasis on presentation and flavor definitely puts DD on the map as the preferred dinner destination for the trendy bar/pub crowd over the likes of Kettle Bar and Bar 43.The floor-to-ceiling windows and dimly lit setting create an easy elegance. The absence of flat panel television screens is a pleasant surprise, which helps focus patrons' attention on their actual company and the food and drinks. The menu boasts a handful of starters between $4 and $14 with mainly soups and salads. Main courses range between $10 and $21 with your ham/leek pie, fish & chips, lamb shank and a surprise or two.The Duck Liver Pate with Plum Chutney starter was a winning choice. It might not be foie gras quality, but the pate spread was very smooth. The flavor was strong and well-seasoned. The chutney was an excellent change of pace, but it was almost forgotten with the focus on the pate itself. An extra order of bread slices were needed to finish off the jar of pate.The Ham and Leek Pie ($11) was a hearty course with the perfect crust that breaks to reveal the juicy interior when you plunge your fork/spoon into it. The rich and creamy filling is buttery goodness, and the ham was tender and chewy without any hints of dryness. This is coming from someone who doesn't like ham or meat-based (shepherd's) pies. The Duck Confit with Wild Mushroom and Mash Potato entree ($18) was the 'money' course. The mash potatoes were soft and buttery, and the gravy was deliciously light. The duck was tender and moist, but the flavor and texture of the skin is simply Christmas on the tongue! The desserts were not particularly memorable, and we won't waste space on them.  Despite the dessert being a disappointing way to cap off the meal, the easy and trendy appeal along with the excellent entrees (at very reasonable prices) makes The Dog and Duck an ideal spot for repeat visits. The sky is the limit if they can improve on those desserts...
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/24/2013,32,130,2,9,5>Who would have thought that smack dead in the middle of jamaica, on a dead street, you would find a gem like PP Boy Japan Teriyaki & Sushi. It's unfortunate that I don't live in the neighborhood, but luckily my gym is only a few blocks away so I get to enjoy this spot every time as a post workout treat. Its a newly opened establishment so don't expect the fanciness that some other Japanese spots would have. The menu is great and reasonably priced. I sticked with the California Rolls because I have a gluten allergy and i'm not 100% on what i can have so far (probably shouldnt even eat that because of the imitation crab meat), but so far so good. PP Boy is located on the block of 161st between jamaica avenue and 89th avenue. I definitely recommend anyone in the neighborhood to try them out. I hope to see them around for a very long time.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,4/23/2013,316,407,7,6,6>The restaurant formerly known as Nam O Jung (yelp.com/biz/nam-o-jung-)To be absolutely honest, I was absolutely skeptical about coming here.  The overall experience at this no-frills Korean BBQ restaurant was great and the risk paid off. I know, I initially gave this place a whopping 5 stars but after some time of pondering I brought it to a reasonable 4. Having only been here once, it was hard for me to let that 5-star go: was it so wonderful because it's "new?" Or maybe it's because we were led here by a Korean-speaking foodie? In any case, I would need a repeat performance before I hand Shinjung a 5.I dined here as part of a pretty large lunch group. We were quickly greeted by the homey yet professional staff to our table where we indulged ourselves in OB and ginseng-infused shoju. (YUM)The decor was... okay (and apparently unchanged from its previous life as Nam O Jung). The placement of the mirror in the men's room was a little awkward. But hey, I'm here for BBQ, right? Our fare included haemul modeum jjim - the spicy seafood stew (which easily feeds 10) as well as, for the name sake, galbi. The stew was beautifully prepared and to die for. This was the same for the meat which was prepared over charcoal to a perfect medium goodness by the staff.  The meal was accompanied, in usual fashion by, fresh and plentiful bonchon. They even gave us the prized (non-STD) crabs. (I'm sorry, I had to repeat the jokes from our table). I look forward to coming back.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/22/2013,126,111,8,9,7>Oh my god, this place is breathtaking.  I did go there when it was a little dark, but I'm confident that unlike some individuals who are only alluring in a particular (dim) light and under a certain (beer) influence, Mosaic would be stunning in broad daylight or unflattering fluorescents.  It's wholly possible I'm a horrible person.Mosaic was 3/4 of my birthday weekend.  Tucked away in a normally easily accessible part of Astoria, the trains were an absolute mess the night we chose, to the point that the 4 of 20 of us who actually did show up all got there over an hour late.  Try getting anywhere when neither the 7 nor N lines are working in Queens.  Spoiler alert: the R is kind of worthless.  Mosaic texted me, and held our reservation dutifully when I said we'd definitely be there, if in a smaller group than originally planned.  Steve, Tom's business partner, had to leave before I got there, but actually texted to check on us and whether we arrived when he himself got caught in the MTA debacle :)  How sweet!Considering the 100+ beers they stock, I didn't taste any of them - sensing a trend here?  I seem to be lured places with the promise of what they're known for, only to completely ignore that when I get there... - instead, I ate.  Cheese paninis, chocolate lava cakes, and pepper shooters.  The panini was touted as the "best cheese sandwich I have ever eaten, and I never praise anything vegetarian," by my cousin who joined us, and the chocolate lava cake was a delight.  Damn it, writing this review makes me want to head back there for lunch right now...if I could take a 3-hour lunch break.The one thing that makes me sad is that much of their menu is not vegetarian-friendly.  I'm no herbivore, but as I don't eat cows or pigs*, I didn't have the shooters, and the menu doesn't have much left to choose from.  Tom sat down with us for a minute to go over the menu when we felt stuck, which was more than I expect from any establishment's owner.  To that end, if Mosaic could work on more flexible edibles, I'd soon be happily broke, stuffing my face with their food.We were treated wonderfully.  One idiot friend of mine literally curled up in a corner to take a nap after his troubling train journey to Astoria that night, and while I protested just short of smacking him, he was not reprimanded by anyone affiliated with Mosaic, and got in a 5-minute nap.For the sake of courtesy, please don't follow his example, though.*Explanation upon request.  Inexplicably, the first question is always "Are you a vegetarian?"  I'm about to start answering in the affirmative while I shove chicken, duck, lamb, or whatever else is on my plate - literally in front of the person asking that question - in my mouth, and see if anyone notices.-----Pseudo-update 4/22/2013 upon a quick glance at the newer menu:I really want the Brie panini.  Anyone want to go with me?
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/21/2013,252,980,6,8,9>Last week I was freezing and just really craved Ramen. I happen to walk pass this place and wondered if it was any good. The reviews looked good and I am so glad I came. I started the meal with the pork bun, which you pretty much always have to get. I though it was really good, not as good as Momofuku but pretty close.I then went with the Nagoya Ramen: chicken, pork and fish broth w/ minced pork, Chinese leek, sprouts, scallion and chili pepper. The broth was amazing, very flavorful and you know it's good when your full and you ask for  KAEDAMA!! I liked the minced pork, it makes the soup very hearty whereas when you get the chashu it seems gone in a couple of bites.I loved the place as well, since I eat alone a lot I like the fact that they have the bar where you can just put your head in the bowl and eat.So glad there is a real Ramen place in Astoria!!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/20/2013,333,234,18,20,19>The tribe has spoken. Meaning, when the family visits from all points of the country, this is the first place in Astoria, or all of NYC, that is requested as a food destination.Generally, Kyclades has a huge line as a testament to why you should come here.What I have learned is to plan a lunch visit. They open at noon, and they have a $11.95 "specials" menu.Show up at 11:50 a.m. and expect the best service of everything that is sublime about their menu.A party of 4, today we ordered:1. Tzatziki served with their crusty bread2. Grilled Sausage3. Pork Kebabs4. Peasant Salad5. Grilled Octopus6. And a Salmon PlatterAll for less than $70! And as a family, we all finally learned how to share.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/19/2013,183,187,15,16,13>How does a restaurant with C-grade Dept. of Sanitation and highly priced food get 5 stars, you ask? When it's Fu Run, I say. If this is what C tastes like, then I dun wanna B right *digs into bowl of rice*It's been a long time since my dinner company enjoyed ALL dishes on the table 100%. I also feel it's been a long time since I wrote a full 5 star review, but given the above statements, how can I not?Service: Let me tell you, 2 of the most common things about Chinese waiters are  (A) if you ask for water while giving your order, it WILL be forgotten. Your food & rice will arrive, but you gotta ask for that round of water again. (B) you politely say 'thank you' for bringing stuff and clearing table? You'll NEVER get a response from your waiters. Here at Fu Run, your waters are served and EVERYBODY flippin say "you're welcome". Mind. BlownInitially I wasn't really pleased with the phone answering person and girl cashier cuz one's out of it and the other simply dun got it. But man, everyone else just makes up for that. Go, team!Food: All of the Liang Pi Noodle (something bean sheet according to English menu), ZiRan Lamb, Triple Delight Vegetables, Mapo Tofu, and Ba Si Combo (sweet yam, taro, apple dessert) were fully enjoyed by the dudes and me. All we could do was keep eating, keep ordering rice, and keep fighting over pieces of potato & taro... Everything was yummy to the last bite. The bean sheet dish we ate as appetizer wuz sum GOOD SHEET. Refreshing cucumbers, cabbage, and yummy clear noodles. The triple delight (which is actually 2.5 delight cuz hot peppers should b considered a seasoning, not a delight) was delicious but salty & oily, but we LOVED it! Ba Si Combo was a fun experience and great ending to a spicy salty oily meal. Our fav was the taro.Interior: Warm lighting, chatty patrons, pretty calligraphy, ghetto menu, chinky tv show... all rolled into an indescribable yet friendly and familiar dinner setting. If you're looking to eat with a group of your favorite peepz, this place definitely brings it together. In my failed attempt to keep the review short, I can only say we were all missing the food the next day and I am drooling while typing this. Yes credit card, yes English, yes coming back ASAP.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,4/18/2013,226,636,8,6,6>After reading a number of write-ups and hearing glowing reviews from a few friends in the hood, I finally stopped in with the lady on a Saturday night and all the hype surrounding this place is definitely warranted. Immediately upon walking in, two things hit us; "wow this space is so open and large, did a Blockbuster really use to be here!?" and then "ummm there is no table service? and there is a separate drink and food station? what do we do!?" Luckily, Strand had two handy-dandy hostess type girls who explained the whole setup - the bar and food station are separate, with the food station having a line that was first come, first serve. The layout is no-frills and chilled out; thick wood communal tables, each stocked with plenty of condiments. Although it got a bit crowded and even our table got a little bit tight, we were still comfortable throughout the night. Once we figured that all out, the lady claimed a table not to far from the performance stage and we headed to the front of the space, which holds the bar and food stations. Our first stop was the bar. Awesome selection of beer, with about 6-7 different cocktails to choose, with most of them including either whiskey or bourbon. The lady went with a hot spiced cider with whiskey and anise which was delish. I started off with a pitcher of beer from nearby SingleCut breweries which was outstanding and reasonably priced.  After sipping on some great booze, we made our way to the food station. This is where the insanity began.Duck pastrami that'll make you cum in your shorts. Fall off the bone ribs that were succulent, tasty and seasoned perfectly. Slaw that had perfect amount of tang and "slawiness" to it. Biscuits that were fluffy and hot. All for around $20 (no, this is not a Golden Corral commercial). We were speechless and completely satisfied. Some of the best BBQ I had in recent memory. Butcher Bar - meet thy enemy, this place is the real deal Holifield. Apparently we stopped in by on the perfect night. We beat the huge dinner crowd that eventually made its way in and a rockabilly group from PA just took the stage as we wrapped up our dinner! With some good background tunes, awesome drinks and brew, a good meal and shooting the breeze with the lady, it turned into a perfect night. A definite must visit if you're in the hood!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,4/17/2013,42,92,7,11,8>Just like my sister Josephine (below), I too only get my hair done at JJ's. I've been here for a haircut, color and most recently a perm by Melissa and I am loving it! I always come out of there feeling gorgeous! Most of the stylist don't speak English but thankfully they have translators to explain what it is you want done. I must mention Maria that washed my hair last week. OMG! She made me feel like a queen with the way she washed my hair. It's the best I've ever gotten! Wow! You may think I'm crazy for going crazy over her but her hands were amazing! Once you try her, you'll understand. It is too bad that Jace left but the other stylists are just as qualified. They really care about your hair and may even talk you out of a treatment or a cut if they think it will not benefit you. I've been asking for bangs but every time they talk me out of it cause they think it will not complement my facial features. Try not to come here on a weekend as they get very busy and you may end up waiting for hours. They have parking in the back, which is a huge plus esp if you have to stay there for a few hours!Their prices are VERY reasonable and try to pay with cash since you will have to pay for tax if you use your card. And please, tip well.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,4/16/2013,107,384,7,8,7>This is a review I've been holding back for a while simply because Sweet Afton has enough 4 and 5 star reviews that mine won't really make all that much of a difference.  Nevertheless, I have two cents, so here it is:Fantastic drinks.  Original concoctions mixed well and at great prices.Friendly waitresses and bartenders.  When I was here a few months ago, one of the waitresses (without being asked by us) asked a few other patrons if they could move down a bit, then brought out a stool from the back so both my friend and I could sit.Great, great fries, especially as a drinking companion.Fun people watching.  I've heard this referred to as Astoria's "singles bar."  I don't know about that, but there are some good looking people to gaze at and entertaining interactions to watch.  Last time I was here (about 10:00 on a Saturday night), I saw a woman on a date...with her baby.  I know her date was not the father for reasons I tried to point out to my four male friends that I was with, but guys don't pick up on these things.  I'd say third or fourth date.  The bartender noticed everyone staring and casually said something to her (they left shortly after).One star off because it can get crowded to an uncomfortable point and their menu isn't that vast.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,4/15/2013,81,195,7,11,8>We've been waiting to write our review so that we could include a cake we ordered.  I knew it was 4 stars already, the question was would it get the last star.... and yes it totally deserves it.  The day to day items are delicious.  From nice and moist cake balls to the various breads (pumpkin, gingerbread, etc), they are all excellent choices.  The staff is super friendly too (and you get a nice incentive from Yelp when you check in).  We recently had our baby shower in Long Island.  We had seen the perfect cake for the event in Teaspoon's window and placed the order.  They were very attentive with the order and responded quickly.  Our baby shower happened to be a week after the hurricane.  But Teaspoon still delivered and the cake was beautiful and delicious.  We attached a photo :) We're so happy to have Teaspoon in the neighborhood and extremely happy we choose them for our cake.   Looking forward already to our next trip there!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,2/13/2013,115,88,5,8,8>You really make me miss living in Sunnyside, Molly Blooms. Where were you when I was growing up there?!If you're familiar with Sunnyside, then you know that the last thing it needed was another Irish pub. We literally, and I mean LITERALLY, have one (sometimes two) on every block along Queens Blvd. So when I heard that a new one was opening up I wasn't quite floored by the idea, but as I kept tabs on the place I kept hearing such good word of mouth on the spot.After two visits I am definitely a fan. First thing of note that differentiates this Irish pub from the others in Sunnyside is light. The place is nicely lit in an incredibly welcoming manner. The decor has all the makings of the neighborhood haunt but with a sprinkle more maturity and sophistication. The small chandeliers are a nice touch as well as the decorated ceiling moldings. They also have a garden out back that is very spacious and is open all year round via a canopy and some heat lamps.The service is delightful and attentive. Our waitress was very quick to ask if we needed drink refills or to tell us about the happy hour specials that we were not aware of.Their menu is typical Irish fare, but done particularly well and generously portioned. It's like Momma used to make. That is if Momma was Irish as opposed to Filipino. On the two separate occasions that I've been here I've had the cod and chips and the Boylan's pasta. Their fish and chips are some of the best fish and chips I've ever tasted. Their tartar sauce is drool worthy. They accompanying mashed peas were delicious as well. The Boylan's pasta is comfort food heaven. Pipe rigate pasta bathed in cream sauce and adorned with thick pieces of Irish ham and peas. Great... now I want some more. Molly Blooms. Reason enough to consider moving back to Sunnyside.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,2/12/2013,5,46,14,36,11>I don't want to give this place a good review for fear that people will start defecting from Spa Castle and crowd up the place. Yes, I am being selfish. Sue me! But seriously, this place is totally amazing.This spa is exactly what I have been looking for! It is very simple and no frills, but gives you everything you want in a Korean spa/bathhouse. $25 all-day access to the baths and saunas and then the price goes up depending on what additions you want like body scrubs, massages, etc. I plunked down $105 (tax and tip are all included) and spent a good five hours there enjoying the bath and getting a body scrub and massage to die for!For anyone not used to these types of spas just be aware of what you are getting into. When you walk in, you pay upfront at the counter. I am not sure if they take credit cards or not, but I just paid in cash. If you are female, head to your right and if you are male, go to your left. Once you are in the locker room, take off all of your clothes (yes, ALL OF THEM), grab a towel and head into the bathing area. Now, before you dive into the invitingly huge hot bath...TAKE A SHOWER! You see those stools over there by the low faucets? Sit down and start scrubbing. The amenities are rather sparse here, so if you are fussy about your shampoo and soap, bring your own. Once you are all clean, THEN hop into the huge tub. You can soak, enjoy the steam room or dry sauna, and take a splash in the cold bath as well.As for the scrub and massage...PERFECT! It is strangely gratifying to see the little balls of dead skin just sloughing off of your body. You will be scrubbed and rubbed by an older Korean woman in her underwear who will probably be rather brusque. Just go with it. When she tells you to flip. You flip. She tells you to wash off. Go wash off. And at the end of the scrubbing, the massage, the shampoo and a fresh cucumber mask (yes, she actually grated a cucumber a few moments before packing it on to my face), you will be squeaky clean and baby butt smooth. Oh and the snack bar is very yummy and affordable. The kimchee fried rice was MmmmMmmmm good! Leave your inhibitions at the door and enjoy!Price List:Entrance Fee - $25Body Scrub - $50Finger Pressure Massage (Deep Tissue) - $70Body Scrub and Beauty Massage (Women Only!) - $80
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/11/2013,395,204,12,15,14>Maybe just get the noodles and hold off on the other stuff. I mean, the place is named Biang, which is the name of the type of noodles that they specialize in.I've been here with my girlfriend and my family a few times and I've had some very pleasant experiences. I don't think it's worth getting anything outside the variety of biang noodles. The setting is nice but I think you might be paying a premium for the food because of the very pleasant decor and hipster-ish setting. We did have the fried chicken on a skewer, and while it tasted great and we've since ordered it several more times during other visits, I still believe it was not that unique that you should try it here. It seems like it's very straight-forward fried chicken with that ground pepper that they use on everything. You can probably get a similar mouth experience from the Chinese meat carts nearby.I like the place and I applaud the owners's attempt to accommodate a more western-friendly clientele. I might not bring my out-of-town friends here who are looking for a combination of authentic food and feel, but it's definitely nice for those people who are a bit squeamish about stepping into the C-rated places nearby (or maybe even right next door). I think my cousins from China would appreciate this place. They might compare it to similar places at home that serve the same type of food in a less inviting environment. That's what this place is in a way, right? The serving of what is typically considered cheap local food with a better presentation? Does it make the food better? I can't say it doesn't. My mind is weak and I would definitely prefer the chocolate from the Godiva store than the same chocolates from Costco. With that said, it's probably great for a date. What would it say about you? That you are superficial? lolThe quality of the biangbiang lamb noodles has stayed the same since its days at the Flushing mall. It has this wonderful combination of bouncy, moist and flavor-rich taste that will get you to that next level on your date. Good luck my perverted comrade (salute!).
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/10/2013,225,493,7,11,9>I give it a 4.5.We hadn't eaten since breakfast, the temperature was hovering around 40 degrees and what should have been a 15 minute drive took 45 minutes; so we arrived hungry, cold and stressed.  Luckily arriving shortly after 6pm, we were promptly seated.  Upon entering, the stressful drive just melted away as the ambiance is dim and cozy.  Love what candlelight adds to the room.As soon as we were seated, our water glasses were filled and a bag of bacon popcorn arrived, yes you read that right...bacon popcorn!  OMG, it's just so wrong, but soooo good.  It's hard to stop eating once you start.The menu consists of  mainly small plates and 4 larger plates.  We ordered 6 small plates.  Plates don't arrive all at the same time and the pace of the delivery was perfect.Scallops served with a roasted carrot puree, truffled corn salsa and capers; the scallops were cooked perfectly and the carrot puree added a nice richness that was offset by the corn.  A lovely dish which was a great start.Korean BBQ Wraps were pieces of lettuce topped with hanger steak, pickled daikon, miso and jalapenos.  The meat was tender and flavorful and the jalapenos offered a nice level of heat.  Quite tasty.BLT Pork Buns were excellent.  Tomato, lettuce & pork belly served with a spicy aioli.  They were reminiscent of the BLT you love, but with an Asian flair.  I could have used another round of those.Mussels, served in a flavorful broth loaded with onions, garlic and bacon.  The mussels were so tender and the broth delicious, definitely worth sopping up with the grilled bread that is served along side.Oxtail Terrine served with a caramelized onion puree and roasted mushrooms.  The plate arrived and by the looks of it it could have been a chocolate dessert, but this dish was as savory as they come.  The terrine itself had an amazing crispy exterior, so when you crack it open, you are treated to a succulent tender meaty goodness. The puree was silky and added just a hint of sweetness to the dish; the mushrooms, just kept the umami coming.  Absolutely amazing.Crispy Pork Trotter with spicy mayo, a slow cooked egg and scallion "mu-chim".  When you hear a dish being talked about as decadent, this is a prime example.  The egg had the perfect level of ooze.  When you cut into it, it ran all over the the crispy pork.  The crispy pork was unbelievable, not sure how they did it, but put the egg, pork, mayo and scallion together and you end up with the most phenomenal bite.The dessert menu offered 3 options, we opted for the Rice Crispy Treat with marshmallow ice cream.  I thought some kind of crazy krispie treat would come out, but I got exactly what it said and  was wonderful!  A chewy rice crispy treat with ice cream, I would have never thought that it could work so well and how did I never think of it!I was completely impressed by Salt & Fat and completely loved it.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,2/9/2013,252,980,9,10,8>I have been wanting to go here for a while and since  Leslie D and I were in the neighbor hood we figured we should check it out.It was cold last night and when we came up to the corner the place looked closed and there were only a few people inside. We almost didn't go in which would have been a big mistake. When I saw the sign that said 114 beers I thought there is no way I'm not checking this out.The space is awesome, cute, cozy and just plain nice. We sat at the bar instead of the couches and perused the menu for a while. They have a beer for everyone here, and  had one of my favorites St. Bernardus ABT12 so I had to get it.By the time we left the place was filling up. I should mention they have other small bites like charcuterie and panini's.I do wish I lived closer or rather I wish it was closer to me, but if you like beer and a very cool environment, this place must not be missed.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,2/8/2013,173,244,7,9,8>In the year or so since I've first reviewed Queens Comfort, I've eaten here nearly 20 times.  It has become my go to place for brunch; when guests are in town and want something funky and fun; weekly dinners with my father who is notoriously picky but loves this place; even for Friday date night with my wife (which is appropriate because our pictures are on the wall). No matter the occasion (aside from perhaps a formal celebratory dinner), this is my place for local delicious food.  The servers seem like old friends, the chef/owner is thankful and passionate about what he serves, and they have an awesome collection of cook books for viewing.  This is a true neighborhood spot where you see the owners of other local restaurants splitting the mac and cheese and nearly every table has friends sharing a bottle of wine or a 6-pack, taking advantage of the BYOB policy, enjoying a few hours while a B-movie or classic wrestling moment play on the projector screen.They have listened to their customers feedback and incorporated change when needed.  Instead of the frozen lego, they now serve a thick fluffy homemade waffle with a Tabasco glaze and the most amazing boneless fried chicken breast.  They still serve alot of the delirious southern inspired comfort food with a twist, but now they serve more Mexican food.  The owner Donnie cooks wonderful Mexican food, my favorite dish being his free-form tamale and smoked pork.  The homemade Jalapeno Poppers are the best I've ever had.  Huge, plump jalapenos with the seeds included, fried to a perfect crisp, yet not greasy at all. I've had most of the menu and there is not much that is not memorable and delicious.  The Disco Tots with Tater Tots, Sawmill Gravy, Cheddar are a perfect fried snack to share, rich and creamy, and begging for the vinegary hot sauce.  The Billionares Salad with Brown Sugar Bacon, Mesclun, Blue Cheese, Poached Egg, Maple Vin is a fantastic spin on a cob.  The flavor is massive, its a great start to the meal.The Peanut Butter, Jelly & Bacon burger is amazing!  It is not as funky as it sounds, its actually a good balance of sweet, salty and umami.  The melting Peanut Butter looks like sharp cheddar cheese but the sweetness reminds me of ketchup.  That may be my favorite burger at QC, but all of them are fantastic.  Served with a huge pile of crispy house-made shoestring french fries.  Absolutely delicious.The other sandwiches are also worth ordering.  The house-made fresh bologna with a fried egg is excellent and has a very meaty rich flavor.  The Meatloaf Sandwich with Cheddar, Onion Rings, Bacon Ketchup is a huge mess of delicious tender meatloaf paired perfectly with the crunch of a thick Onion Ring.  Even my non onion eating father loved the crunch and taste of the ring.I love the music they play, the prices are very affordable, the service is attentive friendly and casual, and the vibe is perfect.  This place is a real neighborhood gem, and I look forward to many more meals here.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/7/2013,183,187,11,18,15>Super glad to see a Ten Ren Tea in this neighborhood.  Their plus from the Flushing branch is the stamp card!  Although I've never filled up mine, but you do get a free drink after 10 stamps (daily specials excluded).Daily or sometimes weekly specials is a separate small menu in their clear plastic stand that shows $2 specials of that time.  If you get drinks on that menu, you cannot get your card stamped, but it is -$0.50 from regular price.One of the regulars on the daily special, which is also the reason I cannot fill my stamp card, is the Mulberry Tea.  I want to guess that it's mulberry BLACK tea?  But I have a feeling it could be green, considering the light flavor of tea in the drink (almost nonexistent).  This is a very healthy beverage, especially in the summer, definitely ask for less sugar.  I wouldn't recommend this drink with tapioca since it sort of negates the fruit and healthy factor, but my coworkers do enjoy it with tapioca.Usually the shop is empty when we visit during different time of day and sometimes there isn't even a barista, but the tea ladies help mix the drinks instead.  Overall satisfied with the tapioca texture (like ALL Ten Rens should), and service.  And most importantly, HEALTHY bubble tea isn't easy to find (like their neighborhood rivals).[12 days of yelp challenge - Day 10]
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/6/2013,226,636,7,7,7>Sometimes I ramble on and on about insignificant BS in my reviews. With this review, it's really simple and you only need to know one thing really: HUGE, LEATHER, RECLINEABLE SEATS WITH ENOUGH LEG ROOM TO DRIVE A MINI COOPER BETWEEN AISLES.Yes, you're assigned a seat. But who gives a crap? I was forced to endure seeing one of those Twilight movies, but - sitting on a comfy leather recliner? Shit, you could show me a movie about the history of crochet and I'd be 100% alright. On the real, it seems like they completely revamped this theater and did it up great. Shout out to the digital soda dispenser that has an easy 50 varieties of soda.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/5/2013,262,613,11,11,10>A slew of bad puns were exchanged in rapid succession when crossing the street to this restaurant along with fellow yelpers last night. I won't share any of them but to those reading this, you know who you are and what was said. To those who weren't, use your imaginations.Like explorers scaling Mount Everest, our party navigated through the confusing numbering scheme of Jackson Heights, Queens and landed at Himalayan Yak restaurant by way of a parking lot and Korean grocery store. Swinging the sturdy door open I recalled Marion Ravenwood's bar in "Raiders of the Lost Ark", located in Nepal, and the outdoor dropping outdoor temperature was appropriate.Inside, a sanctuary of warmth, life and a cuisine I'd never sampled before in eating explorations.At 5:30 the restaurant was fairly empty and dishes were delivered in rapid succession. By 6:30 the restaurant was packed and our second order took much longer to arrive. If we had stayed until 9 we would have heard live music which apparently occurs 5 days a week. A yelp check-in offer of a free rum was a great way to start the evening. This was not the kind of rum to devour in seconds but rather savor and let the burn warm the body slowly and methodically like polonium poisoning.Drinks under control, I studied the menu, conveniently broken into Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and Himalayan exotic food sections. Note to future yak eaters: check if yak is in season and available before coming here. One note of disappointment was struck when we discovered that yak was not available.Disappointed but not discouraged, I eagerly awaited our plates as we started with samayabajee, a nepali snack platter consisting of fried soybeans and chillis, beaten rice (What did this rice do to deserve such a beating?) and sauteed  internal organs of a goat. There was a well deserved spice icon of two peppers for this dish as I continued feeling the heat for awhile. Be aware that portions were in general small so if having a family style meal, be ready to order lots of plates.From the nepali kitchen, one standout I clearly recall was the Khasi ko masu or goat curry. It was the quality of the goat meat that was noteworthy, a case where fat and sinew was at a minimum. No fiery heat here either and a fine curry for dipping Tingmo into. (Tibetan steamed bread).There were other dishes as well, including the notorious momo dumplings. Clearly I'd be a mofo if I didn't try the momo. It appears that our table did not receive the various dipping sauces and accompaniments others did so I cannot attest to a proper momo experience. The  beef momo was acceptable but not a life altering bundle of joy. I will have to try again.Now for the most mind altering moment of the night: Bhakcha Markhu!As someone who has enjoyed many a plate of pasta, many a bowl of mac and cheese, many a noodle soup, imagine the intrigue and excitement I felt when reading the dessert list to discover this dish of hand made pasta, sugar, butter & grated cheese.Pasta, for dessert! Cultural worlds collided, the Buddha behind me smiled and I grabbed my fork and dug in to the bowl.A small bowl where the flavor of sugar is present, surprising and most definitely works. Dessert as comfort food that shatters my preconceived notions is one I especially like.Apparently a lunch time buffet is available which I will have to experience, along with the yak present in the restaurant's name. Prices aren't that bad at all, with most entrees under $15.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,2/4/2013,158,189,7,7,6>One of the better KFC (that's Korean fried chicken for those who don't know, not that mutated chicken from a down south state) on Northern blvd.  While its not my favorite it's definitely in the top few spots. The chicken itself is good. Nicely fried and very light. It's healthy fried chicken after all. (let's all pause a moment while fat kids everywhere rejoice). They have a few different options and this time around I went with the honey fried wings as well as spicy and soy garlic drumsticks.   The honey wings are nothing short of amazing. Nice and airy with a hint of glorious sweetness. But not so sweet that it takes away from the chicken.  The spicy drumsticks were great as well. Nice and spicy with a slight hint of sweetness that I hadn't tasted at any other place. The heat also lingered long after I was done eating which I liked. The soy garlic for me fell flat. I didn't get the burst of flavor  that I was expecting. They are more a 3-3.5 star place but I gave them a bump because the staff is great.   I had ordered food intending to pick it up but my GF said they delivered. So when I placed my order for delivery the guy took my order and said it would be a half hour. I then got a call 2 minutes later apologizing to me because I was too far away from their delivery area. I told them no problem and that I'd pick it up. When I got there they were so nice and apologized again and even offered me a freebie. I was thankful but didn't take them up on their offer because it really wasn't their fault and I had planned on picking my order up anyway. But it was nice to see them willing to appease my minor "inconvenience". While they might not be my favorite I am still a big fan because of their service. Well that and those honey wings are so damn good.  Is it wrong to order 50 of them at a time??
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,9/24/2013,586,742,6,15,10>GangJong Kitchen is a small Tibetan restaurant located in Jackson Heights, Queens.  There's a lot of competition within a few block radius.  What makes this place unique to me is the cozy feeling.  Literally feels like you're eating in someone's kitchen.  The place is so small that it can easily be overlooked - at least I did anyway - that is - until I saw the Yelp reviews when I was looking for a new neighborhood place to try.What we ordered as a group: - Beef momo - Nepalese dumpling with beef- Chicken momo - Nepalese dumpling with chicken- Shabtak - Spicy sauteed sliced beef with onions and peppers stir fried- Jasha Sonam - Chicken with coriander brown sauce- Gangjong special fried rice - with fried egg on top with veggies- Ping shogo - Rice noodle with potato - considered a main Tibetan dish- Ginger honey lemon teaI personally think the momos, shabtak, and jasha sonam are the must get items.  A few of the other places don't give sauce with the momos.  This place does!  Sauce is flavorful with a spicy kick.  The fried rice was pretty good but a safe dish.  Ping shogo was good - noodles / potatoes in broth - also a safe dish - in my opinion.  Their main dishes are served with white rice or tingmo (best described as a pork bun without the pork - just the bread - YUM).Every time I walk past this place, there are always a few tables filled with Nepalese and Tibetan folks.  A very very local place - which is a good sign.  Definitely worth a try!Discounts:- $10 for a $20 Yelp deal - I purchased the deal on my smartphone as I was ordering the food.- I also just found out - 10% off Seamless web delivery.Pictures:- yelp.com/biz_photos/gang- yelp.com/biz_photos/gangENJOY!!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,9/23/2013,522,450,10,9,10>Artichoke "in real life" (as Alli H. put it) is a lot better and a little cheaper (by a couple of quarters). However, this is an airport we're talking about. Airport food is never very good and is usually approximately 10000x more expensive than it is in real life. So when I can get Artichoke that's slightly subpar for basically the same price as its city locations, I don't complain.Because it's Artichoke.Because it was 8:30 in the morning and my flight was delayed and the bacon egg and cheese "sandwich" from the burger place right next to Artichoke was utterly disgusting and unsatisfying.Because it was actually pretty hot and not too greasy and the cheese artichoke spinach dip was so loaded onto the slice it was almost begging to slide off.Because seriously, that is probably the most satisfying breakfast I have ever had.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,9/22/2013,33,72,5,7,5>I have lived in the same spot in Astoria for two years and think it's pretty darn perfect, but I always wished there was a place to get a really good cupcake without me having to trek any great distance. At long last, my wish has become a reality.I noticed this place on my way home from Uno. It's not a place you're notice unless you're on the correct side of the street, and it's definitely small. But make an effort to find it and stop by. It's so worth it. The cupcakes are named after movies and TV shows. So fun and unique! Here's what I appreciate most about this shop:1) The cupcakes aren't too big and aren't too small. They're normal-sized cupcakes. 2) They use the right amount of icing. I can't stand the places where the pile of frosting is as big as the cupcake itself; the icing should be a complement to the cake, not overwhelm it. Sweets First gets it right. And the frosting is soft and mushy--in the good way. It melts in your mouth. Yum.3) The cake itself is nice and moist. 4) The Terminator 2 has a piece of Ferrero Rocher on top. The Breakfast Club is topped with candied bacon. These toppings = delicious.5) The cupcakes made a yummy breakfast the next day, after sitting in the refrigerator overnight. The cake still tasted delicious.6) For every ten cupcakes, you get one free cupcake. Way to keep me coming back. (Seriously, I'm already over halfway there. Good thing I have to walk to the shop or else I'd blow up like a balloon from too many cupcakes.)7) The staff were super friendly. Do I recommend this shop? Absolutely. I am super happy that I only have to walk a few blocks to get my cupcake fix, and they're actually really good cupcakes. Skip dessert at the chain restaurants nearby and come here for a cupcake.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,9/21/2013,59,134,5,9,6>I crave Mad for Chicken every so often, and I must come to satisfy said craving.The seasoned curry popcorn they give you is addictive...sometimes they forget to give it when you sit down, so make sure you ask for it. For an appetizer, I usually order the fried combo for the table, which has french fries and calamari. It comes with ketchup, spicy mayo, and a spicy marinara sauce.Now onto the chicken. If you're looking for saucy wings, then go to Hooters or Buffalo Wild Wings instead. The wings here are crispy and juicy. The soy garlic wings are my favorite; they're sweet with a little kick. I can't handle the hot & spicy wings. If you order them, be prepared to drink a lot of water! The fried potato with cheese kebab/stick-looking thing goes really well with the chicken too.You can also order liters of beer that come in glowing containers with dry ice. The service here can get slow and the wait can get long, especially on weekends. I feel they definitely treat their Korean customers better, but that's alright. Most of the times I've been here, I had a Korean with me anyway.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,9/20/2013,167,240,10,13,12>Hands down, my favorite bakery. I'm here almost every weekend, sometimes both Saturday and Sunday. If there are days where I know I can't make both weekend days, I purchase items to go and heat them up in the oven the next morning for breakfast. My absolute favorites are the croissants. I've tried all the varieties: plain, almond, chocolate, almond chocolate, almond raisin, and ham & cheese. Every single croissant is excellent, but the plain croissant has a special place in my heart. Flaky, buttery (you can actually taste the butter before biting into it), and just amazing! Try it with the complimentary jam on the table and you'll fall in love. Other favorites include the raspberry jam danish and their french baguette. The omelets, quiches, and sandwiches are pretty damn tasty too. It certainly gets crowded and seats are limited, but most patrons are pretty conscious about that and do not sit too long. Best part of it all is that it's a train station away from where I live, so I walk to the bakery and back. It makes me feel a little less guilty for inhaling that extra croissant I didn't really need, but can't help eating.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/19/2013,106,721,6,8,7>Hooray I found a replacement for Foster's which sadly shut down.  For what reason, I'm not sure but after trying several other soul food restaurants, Burgandy's will make a great replacement.  The store awning from outside looks like it's been up since the 70's and from the looks of everything, they have been here since the 70's.  This is truly a mom and pop shop with what appears to be the whole family who runs this business.  It's like having your grandma cook for you, that is if my grandma actually knew how to make delicious fried chicken vs fried rice.  Anyways, the prices are very reasonable here, definitely food for the masses where you don't have to lose an arm and a leg just to pay for lunch.  I ordered the fried chicken dinner which came with two sides and bread.  The fried chicken was awesome, super juicy, the breading stayed on, and salted just right (not overly salted like some places).  Although I wish it had a little kick like Popeye's spicy wings, I'll take good ole fashioned original wings too.  The candied yams were outrageously good and I highly recommend ordering them.  The mac n cheese was pretty standard and literally like your mom would make them, not a creamy cheese but chunky cheese with non al dente noodles.  The cornbread was super crumbly, and literally broke apart as I bit into it but loaded with butter goodness.  They may not deliver to the Navy Yard, but I'll sure as heck drive here to pick up lunch!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,9/18/2013,383,301,12,10,8>The sign outside just says "Wine Bar" without a name. Maybe my friend and I missed something, but that got us curious, so we went inside. I'm sure glad he asked me to go with him.After I sat down, my first reaction was "EARTHQUAKE!" but it was actually just the subway...there goes my excuse for running out before paying the bill...I love alcoholic beverages of all types but hate to have to pay exorbitant prices for them. Unlike many wine bars in Manhattan, this place offers high quality generous pours and a knowledgeable bartender for reasonable prices. At one point, I was about to get up to leave (old men need to get home to bed for work on Friday mornings) but my friend ordered another glass and the bartender poured a "shot" of wine in my glass. He continued to do that for an hour every time my glass was empty...lol...but it was a good move on his part because that made my other friends order more drinks =).Decor: this place was so loud that we were able to have conversations on intense topics in Cantonese without anyone else hearing us. It was also very dark inside -almost to the point where an old guy like me wasn't able to read the menu. I mean, I have a flashlight and every smartphone can act as a flashlight but...I guess it's "romantic."
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/17/2013,242,92,6,6,8>I did not want to write this review purely out of selfishness. I want Alewife to prosper... yet I want this location completely to myself. At Alewife, there is never a need to flail your arms like a maniac to win the attention of the bartender nor a need to wait on an excruciatingly long line for a bathroom with a half-working toilet. There is constantly a sufficient amount of patrons that make the atmosphere lively. A romantic glow illuminates from the meticulously strung string lights along the wall. The wrought-iron staircase leads upstairs to a second floor with plenty of seating. There are exceedingly comfortable leather couches that I had to PEEL myself off of. There is also a patio that I am looking forward to occupying as soon as the weather gets warmer. Alewife is nothing but a pleasant change from the overcrowded bars of NYC.This gastropub has a great list of beers, bottled and on draught. A few bottles ranged from $10-$39; the prices can be strong for LIC. Draught beers were decently priced from $7-$10 each. You can find the limited edition Game of Thrones beer here! It is a blonde pale ale called the Iron Throne from Ommegang, a Belgian brewery. This had a very effervescent, slightly hoppy, fruity and floral taste. This beer has been sold out almost everywhere due to the popularity of its TV series inspiration however, it is just nothing more than a solid Belgian ale. I also had the Maracaibo Especial from Jolly Pumpkin (Michigan). I accidentally ordered this bel strong ale thinking that it was pumpkin flavored! The Maracaibo was very hoppy and had a discreet tangerine flavor. I was not a big fan of the sour aftertaste. Service here was on point. Despite that my group kept moving from the first to second floor, our waitress constantly checked on us throughout the night. Great service at a bar... isn't that supposed to be a rarity? The rating that it currently has definitely is not a fair assessment.Things you should know before entering:Cards are accepted! Fully-stocked and clean restrooms. Comfy couches. Deals each day throughout the week: brunch with unlimited drinks Saturday, a deal for Sixpoint oysters and a pint of beer on Sundays.  $5 happy hour from 4-7 everyday! There is also a large selection of food at this gastropub including dessert. Did I mention the comfy couches?
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,9/16/2013,149,276,8,14,10>What is this place missing exactly, they carry a variety of different organic and natural products you'll need. They carry a wider variety than other organic and natural foods stores around but in a smaller batch, so things stay fresh while I get what I need. They not only sell food items but a bit of hygiene and bodily care items. It's not that big but not small either. I like it because it's brighter and less cramped for space than many of the other health stores around.This has become one of my favorite places to shop now. When you walk in, I can actually smell cooked food in the air. Then you are immediately presented with their juice bar which is laid out with wheat grass (for your juice). The next thing I noticed was they have monster sandwiches, they are huge, I mean a big handful size when comparing to other sandwiches (Vegan Hummus for $5.00). I love soup, so on one of those days when I am in the mood or need a warm cup, I will definitely stop by because I see pots of soup. They also carry items other organic and natural foods store stock such as packaged pastas, tofu meat/organic meats, dairy products like organic cheese, health bars, frozen goods, canned goods like chili, a fridge full of variety of drinks (Acai and Tahitian Noni juice). Like I said, a vast variety to choose from.The small selection of vegetables in the back are fresh and not that much more expensive than any place else, only a tad. Yes, I was not the only one picking out veggies in the back. There were three people veggie picking and it got bottle necked back there. This is where I saw something I didn't find at another health store: organic baby food and cookies packaged for children. These are stored near the natural pet food. I don't know why they are stored right near each other, but I am just pointing that out. And not that other organic stores don't sell them, I just may have not noticed it elsewhere. Another aisle includes tubes of nuts and grains by the pound, a bit expensive but that's the price for eating naturally.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/15/2013,318,55,7,10,10>This place is awesome ! I am really glad we found this place in Forest Hills because we were in dire need to find great tasting Japanese Food in our area for a while now. The restaurant itself is really small and only has two tables that can seat 6 people max. It is seemingly run only by a couple who can really cook up a mean Katsu-Don. The chicken is juicy and tasty paired nicely with onions and eggs in a sweet sauce. We also tried the Spam Ham Musubi which is basically a slice of fried spam on top of a huge rice ball wrapped in seaweed. Anyplace that can make a meal out of spam is a place that I will visit again and again... This affordable no frills/ thrills down to earth restaurant rocks ! The Katsu-Don and Musubi satisfied my craving for Japanese food and eased my mind by ending my journey all over Elmhurst and Forest Hills for decent Japanese Food. I can't wait to re-visit and try their sushi rolls and the Salmon Katsu Sandwich.....FYI: The entrance of the restaurant is tucked in the back left corner once you pass the first gate with their banner on it. Keep walking and you will pass another gate and a  wooden tables with extra seating parked against the wall of the restaurant. It all had a bit of a old school Japanese Movie feel to it.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/30/2014,56,65,3,6,6>This is by far the best wholesale liquor store in Queens! George and the entire staff provide great customer service. The variety of liquor, wine, and champagne is superb! They have different sized bottles for convenience and the prices are great!I always try to get the most out of my dollars and they help you do so. They have a membership card where you accumulate points. $1 for every point. For every 300 points, you get $5 off your total. You don't even have to use the $5 off when you reach 300 points.  You can save it and use it for a big order. To put the icing on the cake, one of the clerks asked me what I was doing buying liquor as often as I did. Once I told him Bartending, he's been coming to one of the bars where I work faithfully. Support for Support! What is better than that?
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/29/2014,219,322,4,6,4>White Collection was my go to for my entire wedding and bridal party.Jenny at White Collection became my everything for the months leading up to the big day. It became very apparent early on that I needed to work with someone who knew the ins and outs of getting to the aisle. I definitely appreciate her eye for style, her keen sense and most of all her understanding of the emotional and practical values of a wedding (and for a to be bride).Every detail of the wedding from the dress, makeup to photography, bridal party to dressing my parents, White Collection took care of every possible aspect.The Dress - I was never a little girl that imagined a dress or the big day. I just figured, whatever fit would be fine. But that had changed so quickly. On my first scheduled visit, standing in the center of the boutique trying on the different dress styles, I felt special.  For the first time I felt "bridal", and it didn't scare me. Rather, it was a bubbly feeling one I had never felt before. It was Jenny's warm assuring words and reliability that kept me calm about finding the perfect dress. It was as if she was inside my mind when she brought out this beautiful laced gown, form fitting all the while elegant in every way. Makeup / Hair  - I wanted to look like me, just a more enhanced natural version for myself and that's just what I had. I mean through the years, I had seen the best of brides, natural and glowing and the worst of brides, white powder faced, with layers of make up caked on their face. As for myself and my bridesmaids, we were so happy that the makeup artists knew of every detail to include for my big moment. I can say that I genuinely loved the way I looked, chic, clean, with just enough glam. My bridesmaids and I still laugh about how sturdy and well our hair held up throughout the entire day from 4 AM until midnight. Even with all the jumping, dancing and running around, we never had to make a hair or makeup adjustment throughout the entire wedding (unbelievable). Just be honest with yourself and tell them exactly how you feel. They're extremely accommodating and very knowledgeable about their services. Groom, Groomsman and Tuxes - We knew it would be impossible for us to get all the groomsmen in to NYC. Location wise, the groomsman were just all over the place (from the inner suburbs of Pennsylvania to Nevada). My Groom was worried getting everyone properly measured because everyone he needed everyone on point and looking fresh. So before the bachelor trip, Jenny took the time out to teach the groom how to properly measure the other guys so that the measurements would be the most accurate. Since every tuxedo chain measures guys differently, we could not risk relying on anyone but ourselves. Seeing the guys on the day of, so well put together from head to toe made me appreciate the little details Jenny had gone over and included.I will tell you that I have received numerous compliments from my bridal party, family members and guests about how seamless everything went. All the marginal details I had forgotten leading to the day were already pre-prepped by Jenny even before I noticed. Any worries, alterations and or concerns my parents had (ex: straps, hair pieces, stockings, etc) were taken care of so quickly. I highly recommend working with White Collection. I feel fortunate that I got to soak in the moments and rare details of the wedding rather than it having been a huge blur. Knowing that someone else had handled my stresses, I felt extremely grateful, calm and poised. My groom, now husband, still zooms into the photos to show me how well his tuxedo pant and jacket fit. Jenny knew that even the groom had to feel confident and look stunning during his walk down the aisle. It truly felt good not to carry a load of burden during the final countdown weeks. Brides to be, do yourself (and your groom to be) a HUGE favor and leave it to White Collection to take make your day a beautiful one.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,11/28/2014,194,90,6,9,6>i am a HUGE fan of this place for korean food. they specialize in chicken and focus on nutritious entrees (hence, the name) which are all very good. but food aside, there are several reasons as to why i'm a big advocate/supporter of this spot:(1) highly consistent quality: they don't skimp you on the side dishes. side dishes have been, and still are VERY well-made while abundant in variation and quantity.(2) the owner: the owner seems down-to-earth, enthusiastic and highly committed to providing great service to his patrons. one time he brought over a bowl of soup that i ordered (the owner himself, served me soup on a pretty busy night), and after placing it on the table to the right of me, he immediately noticed i was left-handed, and softly commented "oh, you're left-handed!," then proceeded to move it to left side of the table. yes, this may have been a really tiny gesture but it personally spoke volumes about how he treats his individual customers.(3) waitstaff: the rest of the staff at the restaurant is extremely polite, hyper conscious to the needs of the customers (i.e. side dishes, water are constantly replenished without me having to ask) and friendly.food here is exceptional as well. pork donkatsu is GREAT! the chicken kal-gook-soo (thick noodles) are amazing, and their chicken stew (sam-gye-tang) is super healthy and delicious!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,11/27/2014,211,584,4,7,3>CREAM is finally open! Yay!And guess what? The food is on point!Rusty and I have visited Cream twice so far, once for brunch and once for dinner. The atmosphere is so woodsy and calming. Dark colors, art on the walls, a colorful bar, and you can see right into the kitchen. There's an upstairs dining area, and also some space outside (no tables out there yet).For dinner, I had the prawn and also a salad with apricots and goat cheese. Very tasty. The prawn is HUGE and I could hardly finish it by myself, even though it's an appetizer. Rus had the lamb burger, which was referred to us by a few of our friends, and was also very tasty and juicy. Dinner is a hit at Cream!We had brunch here today, and the food was ok. The brunch menu seems a little bit ambitious. The eggs are served with hummus. The eggs benedict comes with crab cakes, everything has goat cheese on it. It'd be cool if there were one or two simple dishes to balance everything out (eggs, potatoes, bacon, a french toast or pancakes dish). That said, I did appreciate that every dish came with a complimentary mimosa. Rusty also tried the white sangria, which was more like fruit salad and a shot of sangria, but still very good.I ordered the 2 eggs + naan + salad + hummus. The hummus was great. If it's homemade, they can serve it a little bit chunkier, and with a bit more salt or garlic, something for flavor. I was also pretty disappointed to see that my eggs were overcooked (dramatically). I asked for them over easy and they were fried straight through. Rus ordered the crab cake eggs benedict, and his yolks were also cooked. The staff was really understanding though, and offered us some drinks on the house to make it up. We had to decline, because we were in a hurry.I'm really excited about Cream. I can't wait for them to open up the backyard with some seating. Dinner here was great, but to be honest, I'll probably skip on brunch unless they decide to change up the menu.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/26/2014,59,84,9,10,10>I'm a big fan of Taiwanese cuisine and when I heard my friend's talking about Mama Lee's, I'm like WHAT? How come you never told me about this place? I guess they are either trying to protect me from nasty food or prevent me from spreading good news about this place- I'm glad in this case it was the latter of the two. Mama Lee is located on 48th Ave, by Bell Blvd in Bayside.  There's no need to worry about parking cause there are plenty of spots on the street.What you should worry about is not bringing enough cash and coming late.They CLOSE EARLY @ 8PM!! Better call in your order right after work and pick it up as you head home.They are also CASH ONLY so bring plenty of cash because you'll want to try all their food here!The restaurant is not very big- only 4 tables of 4 or so, so if you plan to eat here, be sure to get here early.My friends and I ordered 4 dishes and 1 appetizer to go (Pork Chop Taiwanese style, Chicken with Basil aka Three Cup Chicken, Mei Fun, Spicy eggplant with basil and a Taiwanese chicken roll)First of all, all the dishes are SOLID! They all tasted authentic and extremely good, my two favorites are the Three Cup chicken and the Taiwanese chicken roll!Three Cup Chicken- OMG! I had Three Cup Chicken from other Taiwanese restaurants before but none come even close to this place- first they chop the boneless chicken to a perfect bite size so you are popping these things into your mouth like 5 at a time. Second- They either deep fried or pan fried the chicken before putting in the sauce so the texture is there and you can taste it. Third- the sauce is so on point! Definitely a MUST GET!!Taiwanese Chicken Roll- Do they put crack in this thing? IT'S SO GOOD!  I can probably eat a few rolls by myself if I didn't have to worry about my figures. It's basically meat/fish paste warped with tofu skin and whole thing is deep fried. Crunchy on the outside, soft juicy inside, damnnnn so GOOD and so much flavor!! MUST GET!!!So far I have been to Mama Lee 3 times and they have not disappoint, they continue to pump out authentic Taiwanese goodies and Mama Lee is so friendly, she's always smiling and super polite, I think that's the way business should be run... you just can't beat Mama Lee's GREAT FOOD and GREAT SERVICE! Just remember to bring CASH!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,11/25/2014,37,84,9,8,8>This is a warm, sexy, sophisticated space where sexy, sophisticated people are meant to engage in warm conversation while sipping coffee or wine. Prominent signs on the wall seek to enforce a "No Work" policy: Chat, read, enjoy life ... but put your laptops away.We'll see how long that lasts.Beans, Grapes & Leaves just had a soft opening, so it's still very much a work in progress, but it shows a ton of promise. Wines, beers and coffees will vary by season, and the current lineup shows that the owners have put a lot of thought into their beverage selections. There's also a great choice of pastries, charcuterie, salads and so forth. It's not the same old, same old that you find in every other LIC coffee shop/cafe -- they're definitely going for a more upscale niche here.The staff is great, especially Joseph, the barista extraordinaire, whose enthusiasm for coffee is infectious. Pull up a stool in front of his cold-drip coffee tower, and he can entertain you for an hour without breaking a sweat.But if Joseph is busy or on vacation, will the whole sit-and-chat thing work out as intended? I can understand the "No Work" policy during happy hour, but why 10 am or 2:35 pm? This is NYC, not Vienna or Paris. We are workaholics; we don't sit around all day discussing art or politics.Love the space, love the menu, love the people. If I could take my computer and work for an hour, I'd be here every other day. Until then, BG&L will be an occasional indulgence.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,11/24/2014,53,29,2,13,6>After trial and error with about 10 other nail salons in Astoria, I stumbled upon Potala. You could honestly miss this place walking by and if it wasn't for yelp, I wouldn't have noticed. Thank goodness I did. Now there's nothing fancy about this place....no frills, basic but clean. The girls here all do a really good job and they are so nice. They definitely pay attention to details and I have to say my basic mani/pedi's here last longer than anywhere else. Huge selection of Essie (and none are diluted thank god). I have messed up a nail/toe a few times here (truly my own fault not paying attention) and they always will fix it right there and are so patient about it which i know HAS to be annoying for them.The owner of this place is AWESOME. I think it's a husband and wife, bc i see them in there together a lot. But one night in particular last week really stands out to me. It was the Friday night it MONSOONED in Astoria. I was the last customer there and the owner knew i had a bit of a walk home (I live in Ditmars). She urged me to stay until the rain settled, sat with me patiently and a smile on her face the entire time. It was past closing at this point too. I finally left although she said I was more than welcome to stay longer (the rain was still coming down just not as heavy). I just cannot for the life of me see many other nail salon owners in Astoria treating a client this well given the circumstance and it being so late. Thought I would share this as I think it speaks volumes about this place.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/23/2014,44,48,12,15,6>I called and made an appointment to get my very first Full Brazilian wax. Seeing as though this was my first time at this salon, I wanted to make sure I wasn't going to wait eons to be seen. I wanted to make sure they knew I was coming; (though, on their flier they encourage walk ins.)For starters, the place is very clean. Not the most spacious, but that didn't bother me. At all! The vibe was relaxing, they even had some smooth music playing. I waited 15 mins, I didn't mind -- they offered water, or soda while I waited. How awesome Is that? I thought that was very nice of them to offer their customers a selection of drinks. Most businesses are cheap. They'll have a vending machine, instead. Welp! Finally it was my turn to be seen. The lady pointed me in the direction of a small room. She gave me time to undress. While I'm taking off my clothes, I couldn't help but think to myself "my boyfriend better love me for this (insert side eye emojicon)" .. You have to understand, I've heard more horror stories about bikini waxes than I've heard positive. So you can only imagine how nervous I was. Everything happened in slow motion. When she did that first wax, I drifted into oblivion. Honestly, I overestimated the pain. She was VERY clean, professional and meticulous about hairs she didn't catch. But for the most part, she caught Everythingggggggg. She even tweezed a little! I'm hooked. I will be in attendance every 4 weeks. I am now baby soft without a care in the world! Ask for Pol! She's the best!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,11/22/2014,102,494,5,6,7>Thanks to the gorgeous weather yesterday, the fiancee and I went on a trek from our usual stomping grounds on 30th Ave over to Ditmars (during my runs to the airport and/or the Park, I've seen lots of new stuff popping up all over). My fiancee had read about this place and suggested it for lunch, and once we saw the sign outside advertising lunch specials + a draft beer or glass of wine = $10.95, we were sold.FOOD: decadent. Definitely the star of the show. I went with the grilled salmon, which came with a side salad and yellow rice with a lemony taste. Despite having ordered the lunch special, this was a *huge* cut of salmon. I was so full afterward that I couldn't make it through the rice and barely touched the salad. My fiancee ordered the burger (beef) with goat cheese and bacon, which was also supremely delicious. If you're feeling frisky, try the kangaroo burger. Apparently this is their main staple, and when we come back, we're gonna give that a whirl.DRINKS: looks to be decked out with a full bar, and they have a pretty decent wine list. We both went with the house lager (Australian) and omg it was good. It had a nice and light fruity taste (but not overbearingly fruity) to it, and is the perfect summer beer. Both of our beers came with the lunch special.PRICES: on weekends you can either order brunch, which comes with a free mimosa or bloody mary (pretty standard) or you can order the lunch special, which comes with a free house beer or glass of wine (better deal IMO). The bill for both of us for two lunch entrees and two beers, including my fiancee's additions to her burger, was less than $30. SERVICE: while initially very attentive and very good, it faltered near the end. We had to actively try and catch someone's attention to get our plates cleared and the check. While certainly not enough to dampen our experience, it was definitely noticeable. However, our server's knowledge of the food and drinks was spot on, and he was quite friendly.Will come back again! And I just saw that there's going to be an Elite event here. Great choice Yelp!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/21/2014,101,241,5,11,8>Fried puffs with a hidden surprise of cheese!A colleague of mine took me here to try some Colombian coffee and breads for breakfast. She recommended the cheesy fried breads/puffs. I got the cheese fried puffs. I hesitated because in my mind, I was thinking bread with liquid cheese oozing out of it... and if you are not a fan of dairy, the thought of it already hurts the tummy. I got the fried bread/puff with cheese just to try since it was only 2 for $1.00.Fried Bread/Puff with Cheese (2 for $1.00) - Oh my goodness... I'm in love! The bread was not oozing out liquid cheese, in fact, you would not know there was cheese if the girl behind the counter told you that it was in there! The dough was perfectly fried on the outside and its texture was a lot like the plain, unsweetened donut. The inside was so soft and fluffy! When you get to the core of the puff ball, you will see hints of cheese but it's not apparent unless you look carefully. It's a very simply bread but it's just perfect for the morning if you cannot handle heavy sugar! I must warn you that it is a bit oily, so get your tissues ready!Colombian Coffee - I drink coffee black. I may not be considered a connoisseur, however, the coffee taste was awesome! Strong coffee taste like what Colombian coffee is supposed to be and not watered down at all. Very enjoyable even without the milk and sugar! The staff behind the counter is not very strong in English but they know enough to take your order. It's definitely not a problem! I was very lucky my colleague is a native Spanish speaker so I got to ask them questions about the ingredients in the delicious breads! Overall, I am very impressed and this will be my new regular spot for breakfast before the start of my work days! It's very inexpensive and I recommend this place for anyone who is in the area!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/21/2012,472,510,10,13,9>A fairly recent addition to the pantheon of Forest Hills eateries, EXO Cafe can draw, loud, boisterous crowds to its sleek and contemporary restaurant / bar.  It's a spacious two-floors, and feels a bit like a sports bar with its dark interior and blaring music, outfitted by a decent bar scene on the first floor.  You can come here and blend in with the crowd by the bar, or surprisingly find yourself enjoying a slightly less intense experience on the second floor, which is what we did.  A group of four of us came here last night for dinner and sat upstairs.  We were seated right by the window, and though you get a decent view of Austin Street, there's not much to see except businesses and traffic.  Lucky for us, we were able to make the most of the last 10 minutes of Happy Hour and ordered some drinks and apps for half-price.  The guys said the EXO beer was very light and tasted decent, though they really only got it for the sole purpose of entering for a chance to win a 46 inch LCD tv.  I on the other hand, enjoyed one of their signature cocktails, the "coco", which had a very tropical flavor to it and was not heavy on the alcohol, which I enjoyed very much.  Appetizers were your typical bar food, slightly elevated.  I didn't have any of the beef sliders but my friends said they were decent.  I did however, enjoy the chicken poppers which were very similar to Chinese takeout sesame chicken, even still, it worked as I liked the flavor profile of the sweet and savory, moist chicken.  For my entree, I had the "Citrus Field Greens Salad" (with cherry tomatoes, cilantro, juicy pineapple, mandarins, fresh mozzarella slices, served with a honey glaze mandarin orange dressing).  To that, I added tilapia, which really brightened up the meal.  The salad was perfectly dressed, the citrus was pronounced but not too strong, the tilapia was light and flavorful, and the bits of mozzarella were delicious.  The guys each had similar positive remarks about their food.  One friend especially like the Chimichurri entree (minus the extremely greasy chips that accompanied his dish).  We all shared two desserts, the peanut butter bomb, and the guava tart.  I was blown away by the guava tart.  It was succulent, sweet, and just a hint tart.  The Guava taste was subtle, but the smooth and fluffy texture was a surprise.  I would happily come back for seconds any day.  I ordered the "BBQ Chicken Jalapeno Melt Handwich--that's what it's called" (Panini bread with grilled chicken, smoked gouda cheese, jalapenos, tomato and BBQ sauce), for my boyfriend, to go.  When he got home from work and ate this while it was still warm, he really loved it.  To be honest, I set the bar low for EXO Cafe, but after actually dining here, I'm amazed to say I really liked this place.  Initially I wanted to give this 3 stars, but for that incredible guava tart, and for the attentive service from our waiter, who the guys all said looked like 'Cam Calderon', the character from the now-defunct show, How to Make it in America, (imdb.com/media/rm4187459), I had to  bump them up to 4 stars.  They deserve it.  (And yes, he did look a lot like Cam!)To end, I can't tell you how especially tickled I am that EXO Cafe replaced the god-awful gimmick that was Mardi Gras.  Now if only something could be done about Brandon Cinemas...
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,5/20/2012,153,123,2,9,5>Tucked away in a little street, this even littler shop tucked neatly into a little nook is easy to miss. If you're looking, look for the grand opening streamers (or those colorful triangle flag things on a line) blowing in the wind.They have a lucky 13 items on their menu, 10 of which are of a noodle variety, as their name suggests (myun=noodle) and the other 3 are a non-noodle variety--seafood pancake, kimchi dumplings, and the last being a pot of kimchi dumpling stew, usually big enough to feed 4.  Happily, the 10 noodle items are all authentic Korean noodle items, (although you can argue what constitutes 'authentic') varying from festival 'janchi' noodles, chewy 'jjolmyun' noodles, to the debatable udon noodles. They also have a steamed kimchi dumpling, which are made very korean home-style-- finely chopped kimchi mixed with ground pork in a thin wrapper. We had the kimchi dumplings, udon noodles, and the jjolmyun. Everything tastes like something out of my mother's kitchen, which is warm and welcoming, flavorful and bursting with love. The staff (I'm going to guess it was the owner) was quick with a smile and a recommendation, and was genuinely happy that we enjoyed his food.  They've just opened so they're having 10% off until January 20th. I say give this place a try!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,5/19/2012,783,346,3,5,4>Eating here is what I imagine being wooed by a Frenchman would be like.   A down-to-earth Frenchman who invites you to sit on plushy cushions in his living room while he makes his mama proud by cooking you a wonderful meal.  The lamb shank here is heaven.  If you're ordering the lamb shank, you know exactly what you want, and L'Artiste delivers here.  The dish is savory and saucy, and the lamb falls off the bone.  Couldn't have asked for more.The seared duck breast is tender and perfectly cooked, drenched in a delicious, if somewhat unusual sauce.  The sauce is slightly sweet as it was a butternut squash puree.  It was good to share and take bites of the lamb shank in between.  I love duck and really enjoyed this dish, but the sweetness of the sauce may not be for everyone, and you would want a side dish or something else to break it up. With the Yelp check-in deal we got to try dessert for free, and we went with the coffee panna cotta with caramel ice cream.  The waitress was excited about the dessert menu and helped us narrow it down.  I'm glad we tried it but I wouldn't get it again - it was sweeter than I thought it would be, though she gave us fair warning.  I loved that she was super passionate and excited about the dessert menu - always nice to have at any restaurant.The owner who took our order originally was also a pleasure - really enjoyed the experience here and love the fact that it's in Astoria, just 2 blocks from my apartment.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,5/18/2012,86,65,7,10,11>I was forced to go here with my family. They love the buffets. This place is relatively new. The decor is very nice with a Japanese influence. The food is pretty fresh and there is a good selection. I tried almost some of everything but only some foods were worth mentioning. The beef teriyaki was a little too raw and chewy to me but it was very popular. As soon as they came out, all of it disappeared pretty fast. The crab cakes were iffy since it's not real crab. The sesame chicken was hard. The chicken (grilled or in wing form) were typical. Nothing special. The blue cheese did not taste good at all. Probably since it's been sitting out for a while. The gyoza and shu mai were similar to the store bought ones. Not great but still good. They have many different choices of salads from the normal ones to unique asian inspired ones. They have the typical selection of fruits: honeydew, cantaloupe, orange, pineapple, grapes, etc. My favorites were the wasabi spring rolls and stuffed mushrooms. The flavors worked very well. The sushi was great! Best part! Though again, some of it might not be that fresh due to sitting out too long. There were so many selections. There were the usual rolls with some I've never even heard of. Must be custom made by the "sushi chefs." They didn't look Japanese to me! Cheap labor I guess but it was still well made. Anyways, there was a lot of rice with every roll. The sashimi was good. Pretty fresh since a lot of people were eating it. I stuck to eating the salmon and tuna sashimi. YUM! They didn't skimp on the fish roe on the sushi.The desserts were great too. They had multiple cakes: melon, mocha, green tea, red velvet, and blueberry (those were the ones I tried but there are a lot more). They were nice and fluffy. I couldn't stop eating them. They came in bite sized portions. Great way to end my meal. They had bite sized rice krispie treats but I'm sure anyone could make it better. The coconut macaroons were tasty. I love coconut! There was also a crispy butter roll which was very delectable! I love them desserts! My sweet tooth was definitely satisfied. I forgot to mention, they also have soft serve ice cream.I ate 5 plates of food here. Two plates of regular food, one of only sushi, one plate of salad and one dessert. I was so full! Overall, the food is pretty good for a buffet restaurant. I would definitely go here again.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,5/17/2012,342,504,8,5,5>There's nothing fair about this place. FAIR-way, should be called AWESOME-way! I have to exhibit some serious restraint and self control when I enter. This place is like an adult candy store, on steroids, with a spectacular meat and cheese counter.From the moment you enter, you are greeted by fruits and vegetable so fresh, you almost expect them to jump off the shelves and shake your hand. As if not to be outdone, the deli counter is next in succession, with homemade treats like knishes and a fine selection of cold cuts. Juxtaposing the salty meat counter, are the cheese mongers. I never knew there were so many varieties of cheese. And they can and should all be sampled! (insert evil laugh). I recommend the drunken goat and the midnight moon. The fish counter is expansive and loaded with fresh fish, and the fish mongers are eager to help you decide what to buy. Immediately after the fish, is my favorite section, dry aged meats. For those of you whom are in the know, this is PRIME meat. None of that CHOICE garbage. This is meat so exquisite, that you can eat it raw. The rib-eye and porterhouse are my personal faves. As if all this weren't enough, there's an amazing food court with fresh made hot and cold meals. My wife extolls the lobster rolls here. Right past the food court is the beer aisle with a fine selection of macro and micro brews. Upon checkout, you are greeted by some of the friendliest cashiers I have ever met. A TOTAL experience, that should be enjoyed.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,5/16/2012,188,199,10,10,7>Purchased the yelp deal-$19 for a spa pedicure and an OPI soak-off gel manicure and it was definitely worth it!! I've been to Blossom before and I love this place! The staff are very friendly and professional.I rarely get my nails done and when I do I usually hit up some $5.00 ghetto spot, so the whole spa experience was realllly nice. As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile, we showed our yelp deals, picked out our colors and we got started right away. Cindy did my mani and pedi and I have to say she was the shit. This wasnt your basic pedi, they scrubbed and moisturized my legs. Most importantly Cindy took her time, no rush whatsoever. The massage chairs are intense!! I was being thrown around from side to side, I almost fell off a few times...Now that I think about it there was probably something wrong with the machine...The mani was really nice as well. I've never had an OPI gel mani but apparently its supposed to last 2-3 weeks. Had to put our hands in this UV machine for a few minutes, its gets super hot but the best part is you dont have to wait for your nails to dry!!!! They just magically dry, I mean I'm sure I got a little bit of cancer from that machine but I guess its worth not waiting?? Also got a quick hot stone massage, I think that was my favorite part! I would love a 10 hour massage with that thing, very relaxing. Cant wait to go back.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/15/2012,29,216,5,5,4>I live right by this place but came for the first time last night for a quick, spontaneous, bite with my boyfriend. We had the brik and the kofta kebab and split Moroccan mint tea (which was quite good!)This place is so simple and the food is really solid. Even though the service is slightly slow, the waiter was very nice. The food, besides being really good, is SUPER cheap too. The brik was filo dough stuffed with tuna, parsley and capers. Crispy, oily, delicious.The kofta kebab was also delicious-- baguette from balthazar blew me away. The meat was very well spiced and the whole sandwich (and accompanying fries) were awesome.Highly recommended for a quick lunch or dinner.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/14/2012,165,4,8,15,11>The Door. Quite an interesting choice for a restaurant name. Looking from outside, I  didn't know what to expect. I was actually a little skeptical. Ironically, we were a bit bewildered trying to find the "door" just to get inside. After settling in its warm ambience and having a scrumptious early dinner here, I have to admit that The Door deserves every bit of those 5 stars. The service was exceptional and I don't say that a lot about restaurants. The waitress was very professional without being annoying. The food exceeded my expectation as well. The chicken and goat soup were mouth-watering. Your taste buds would surely enjoy every bit of its flavor. I ordered the Curried Chicken as a main entrée, with mash potato on the side. The chicken was perfectly cooked, so tender, and flavorful. The huge portion could easily serve two people. The Oxtail entrée was equally delicious. The waitress handed us the check without knowing that we wanted to try their dessert too. We were already stuffed, but who doesn't like some desserts after a delicious meal? We ordered the black cake. You could definitely taste the rum in it. The waitress was so courteous that she said it would be on her. Sweet! And must I say, rare. I would love to explore more of their menu from appetizers to desserts. I think another savory trip to the Door is due soon.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,5/13/2012,68,233,4,9,8>Sarku Japan sets the bar for Chicken Teriyaki. Despite the fact that it's run/operated by Chinese people, you will never have Chicken Teriyaki better than here at Sarku Japan. I also like to point out that Sarku Japan doesn't accept credit cards. Like, at all. That's probably one of my biggest peeves when it comes to eateries and yet despite all this I still give it 5 stars.I think I've been ruined permanently by the chicken here at Sarku. Every time I see Chicken Teriyaki on a menu, it brings me back to memories of Sarku's CT. I can't help it, the chicken is just cooked that well. Sarku makes CT with dark meat, which is a big big deal if you're a fan of the dark meat like I am. On top of it, there sauce is just different. The typical chicken teriyaki sauce is soy sauce based and overly sweet. I believe Sarku's sauce is also based off soy sauce, but it somehow comes out different. The combination of the dark meat chicken, the flat wok and the freshness of the meal comes together to give you hands down some of the best food you can have for under $7.00. A lot of haters reviewing this joint : don't listen to any of them. Get the CT special, double meat if you really dare (only a dollar extra!) and try your best to find a seat among the baby carriages and teenagers.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,5/12/2012,93,365,3,8,7>I eat and crave food from all over the world. However, I very rarely crave Indian food. When the craving hit, I didn't know where to go or what to order. I'll admit that I am an Indian food novice. The few experiences I've had have been on or around 74th street and been relegated to a meager handful of cheap buffets.Delhi Delights was a breath of fresh air. The decor was lovely and understated and very different than the other restaurants in the area that I'd visited. The menu is lengthy, offering a healthy mix of flavors and dishes that will surely please the most finicky palate. We ordered a few dishes and took in our surroundings while waiting for the food to come out. I was shocked by how empty the restaurant was, but then again, Delhi Delights provides a more upscale feel that is definitely represented in their prices. To be frank, if you're craving Indian, you can definitely get it for cheaper at a lot of area places.But, if you choose to come here what you do get is worth the money. We started with the very first item on their menu, the Rasam soup, a south Indian concoction made with lentils, tamarind, chilies and tomato. The flavors were explosive. It was sour and sweet and different, a nice way to start our meal. Next came the Dahi Aloo Papri Chat, a mix of chopped potato, chickpeas and crisps in tamarind sauce. Again, this was something I'd never encountered before. In fact, I thought I didn't care for tamarind or chickpeas but these dishes proved me wrong.For mains, we went with a spicy lamb vindaloo and the shrimp masala. When the dishes came out, I was struck by how small the serving sizes are. I was more surprised by how full we became before we'd even finished our food. Indian food is filling, we couldn't finish what we'd ordered. And, we really wanted to because they both surpassed our expectations. The vindaloo provided us with fiery flavor and the masala's rich butteriness cooled down our taste buds.I previously expressed a mild distaste for Indian buffets, but I'd return to try the afternoon buffet provided here. I've heard that they don't offer as many dishes as other places. But, if the quality comes anywhere near what I enjoyed during the meal I described, it's an awesome value that I'd like to enjoy regularly.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/5/2013,102,568,8,11,9>Located in the midst of Union Street, not far away from the busy Main St, you will find a small yet cozy Korean Restaurant filled with pleasant Korean food aroma once you step inside.  This is because Kimganae's semi-open kitchen is constantly in cooking mode.  I've seen how the chefs make their own house special Kimbap Rolls - very clean and neatly done.  It is very cool to be able to see how the chefs cook behind the counter.  What makes the experience go up a notch is when you get to eat and learn at the same time too!  There are some nights when my fiancé and I decide not to cook at home, we would go to Kimganae and order food for takeout.  Nakji Dupbap and the Omelet Rice are the two dishes that we order most.  Both dishes come with a side salad, soup, and kimchi.  An extra star given for complimentary side dishes~!  TIP:  If you dine in, they would give you corn as an additional side dish as well.  ** Nakji Dupbap ** aka Spicy Octopus Pan-Fried over Rice with Vegetables -- $8.50Yes, it is rather spicy but my fiancé can handle it.  He even thinks it is not spicy enough.  As for me, the spicy level is ok, tolerable.  The octopus is richly flavored.  The white rice is very soft and fluffy.  Hmm, I've never encountered poorly cooked rice in a Korean restaurant before.  The vegetables are delicious of course.  The chef is always on point with this dish!!** Omelet Rice ** aka Fried Rice over Egg, Ham, Vegetables -- $8.50My favorite!  The fried rice with ham and vegetables is cooked perfectly - very moist and seasoned quite well.  It always tastes delicious.  The omelet is unbreakable even with an abundance of fried rice inside.  My friend, Xue T, wonders how its done because she wants to learn how to make it! =)The price is very reasonable and the portions are quite big.  $8.50 for a rice dish + 3 or 4 side dishes (depending if you dine in or not).  Definitely a good (affordable) eat!  Sometimes I eat half of the order and save the other half to bring for lunch the next day.  Very economical!Don't miss OUT if you are around the neighborhood with a Korean food craving.Note:  Sometimes the food may take a while, depending on what you order, due to a small kitchen space and limited chefs.  However, the food do get delivered efficiently and presented beautifully.  Please bare with the service in general!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/4/2013,83,220,14,10,12>they must have the best mussels over wine sauce in astoria town. i said it and i'm not recanting it.Shizz is crack on top of cocaine.With potato wedges on top, it's game on.The side veggies are amazing whether it be the long stemmed cream spinach or the asparagus. This place has me satisfied every time.Notably the healthier more balanced choice over Sugar Freak, Mexi BBQ or Butcher Bar in which I also rave about but this place can stand tall all on its own.Everything else -entree choices and burgers are average. At most, above average, yet the cool DL ambiance and the chill attentive staff will get you coming back. Perfect for a romantic bar style dinner or a key place to catch up with the homies. The cocktails are awesome, got its strong kick. An easy smile for any lush is finding the gems where bartenders don't stiff you on a drink. This place is one of them.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/3/2013,171,248,3,7,7>Prepare yourself for some awesomeness Astoria. We have been INCREDIBLY blessed to have a microbrewery in our own town, and in a walk able distance from the N/Q Ditmars stop.I visited on a Saturday during taproom hours and I'm so happy to see that it was busy and the beer was flowing. You can buy flights, 32/64 oz growlers, tasting glasses, and pints. The place is small but the taproom could fit about 50 people in there very comfortably. They were giving tours of the brewery while we were there, but there isn't much to see. I would describe the beers as more hoppy (bitter) in general and the while lager as being my favorite of the 4 they had on tap that day. You can' t buy bottles yet, and maybe not for a while. So BRING A GROWLER and have it filled there. There is plenty of parking around the building so don't worry about having to carry it back if you have a car.The staff were really friendly, and the place is well kept. The taproom is pretty much directly connected with the brewing operations, so the place should be spotless anyways. And the bathrooms were nice and clean too. I can't wait to see Singlecut everywhere in Queens and NYC!  Nice job guys!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/2/2013,427,354,8,11,9>It's been a while but this is still my favorite spot. I used to receive the absolute best wash and blow from the lovely ladies here back in my permed days. They did my gorgeous honey highlights and even dyed my full honey.Now I will admit my hair broke after all this processing but that was my fault lol These girls offer awesome deep treatments and do a great job styling as well. Their cuts are amazing and they aren't scissor happy like most Dominican salons. Since going natural, I've only been here once to straighten my hair. Needless to say everyone thought I had a perm! It was bone straight and looked healthy and bouncy. It was so wonderful. I'm laying off the heat so I won't be going too often but my wash and straighten with a deep condition and a cut was very reasonably priced. They offer different deep conditions, steam, hot oil treatments! A whole bunch of stuff.They speak their spanish all in the spot of course but that's expected. They always greet me "HIIII Briana!" lol I don't know why they won't learn my name but it's all good. They're friendly and always ask how my mom and sister are doing. They know how to make their customers feel right at home.My fave salon and I've been to a bunch of them. Def the best in the area.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,3/1/2013,107,167,5,7,6>You see the restaurant on the corner, and it's pretty unassuming. Looking like any other restaurant in the neighborhood. You could just walk by, and not have noticed something wonderful.When you walk in, you've walked into another world.  Jarritos lines the walls (and everything), and you're greeted by a massive case of various treats, from flan to chiliques floating in a tomatillo sauce, to Pan Dulce and everything in between. The persistent sound of Mexican polka plays over a stereo, that reverberates off the walls. If you're like me, a transplant from the Southwest, this is home. It feels natural, safe. I could just wedge myself into a space on the wall, and be pretty happy. We got a seat next to the window which was lined with Jarritos bottles. The natural light floating in creates a lovely kaleidoscope of colors, and you can't help but look at the textured bottles with various neon liquid within. I ordered a staple, Huevos con Chorizo.  She ordered Huevos Tapatios, but I'll get to that in a moment. I have a rule about Mexican restaurants, and it revolves around Chorizo. If it isn't flavorful, it's crap. Keep the grease to a minimum too.  Haab's is wonderful. It wasn't greasy and it was fully blended with the eggs. Take a scoop of that, some beans & rice, and smash that in a hot corn tortilla with some salsa verde, and you've got one hell of a delicious, filling breakfast. Huevos Tapatios are a whole different beast all together. 2 perfectly fried eggs (thick & runny in the middle) on top of two freshly fried tortillas, topped with crema fresca, chorizo & chile de arbol, with papas on the side is even better. If you are hungover, this is the cure for you. Even if you're not hungover, this is the cure for any ailment.  And the chipotle mayo is pure ambrosia.Service was great. Delicious coffee with lots of hot cream, along with ice cold hibiscus drink made for wonderful beverages. They even take cards. I'll be back. And you should go.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/28/2013,361,716,9,10,13>Move over, Park Slope. Astoria is quickly catching up to you in terms of the number of French bakeries that have appeared in our fair neighborhood in the past year. Leli's Bakery took over the spot that was hold by the worn, but beloved Astorian institution, Terrizzi. When I first moved to Astoria, I lamented over the inability to buy a good French baguette. Sure, I could get good freshly baked Italian loaves, but really to a Francophile only a baguette would do. Now I can get beautiful bread and other delicious pastries at Leli's.I've been here a couple of times. Each time I've been blown away by what I've eaten. The latest treat was a mushroom and gruyere stuffed croissant. Still warm from having just come out of the oven, the filling was luscious succulent sliced mushrooms with just enough melted gruyere to glue everything together. I was afraid that the gruyere would be overpower, but it wasn't. I greedily ate it in wolfish bites.Everything here looks so delicious. The poppy seed-and-raisin danish is as delicious as it looks. They sold some kind of Italian version of a British pastie, which was wonderful. Crispy flaky exterior that was filled with a meaty savory ground beef filling. I'm looking forward to making more visits here.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/27/2013,360,150,11,17,11>holy molys there is a sushi God in Queens....the first i repeat first Japanese owned sushi joint in Queens i have been to and the most authentic and freshest fish i have had in a long long time (yes even compared to st marks) !i can never go back to chinese sushi no matter how cheap (10$ for 3 rolls) thanks to my dear friend and her husband who brought me here last night.  the decor was very unassuming and minimal, but beware it doesn't warn you of the amazing meal to come.the waitresses were very friendly and attentive and JAPANESE.  we started with so many appetizers and even though my appetite has shrunk so much lately i ate and ate and ate.  we got:snails: they were huge, cold and delicious. tempura:  im not a fan of anything fried but this tempura was by far the best i had in the usa.  the batter was perfect, the veggies were fresh and there was a great assortment.  even the sauce that came with it and that white thingy that looks like shaved radish was delishhouse salad: yes i ordered this haha but this salad was GOOD.  for 4 dollars i got kiwi, tomatoes, mesclun and avocado in an AMAZING dressing omgs the dressing,  i want to dip anything and everything into that salad dressingtuna with scallions:  fresh and with a lot of scallions, the three of us killed this plate in minutes and it was HUGEher hubby got the sashimi platter which he had no trouble finishing and my gf got a uni don which is just uni over sushi rice, they ordered the chirashi bowl for me and i couldnt be a happier camper.  the bowl was huge compared to the one i usually get in st marks and the fish was SO fresh they even threw in some clam the restaurant was pretty packed with regulars and even though i was so so full my girlfriend wouldnt stop raving about their green tea ice cream.  at her insistence i took a bite, and then another and then another.  best green tea ice cream ever.  okay maybe second place to mitsuwa but still so good!i dont know what our bill came out to but the prices on the menu looked extremely fair and agreeable.  this is the best sushi place i have been to thus far i cant wait to come back
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/26/2013,30,76,15,8,11>Although the DSM-IV would frown upon my liberal use of term "addiction", it is perhaps most convenient way to describe my relationship with certain foods at various times in my life. Ramen had consumed all of my thoughts. The Arepa dealers on speed-dial left no room for friends and family. I've been soaked in the cold, fever-dreamed sweat  of Empanada withdrawal. I keep these scars of my addictions close as a reminder of my weakness.When I went to Dosa Delight, I thought myself to be a stronger and more capable person; that the sordid details of my past addictions were reflections of an immature and impulsive kid. I had thought myself as cured.Of course, cures exist only in the hearts of the naive. You can't immunize against addictions, you can only hope to imprison them with the steel bars of sensibility and concrete walls of reason. But when I first saw my Pondicherry Dosa from across the room, I felt the addiction shake madly at the bars. When I smelled the dosa, the addiction began to tunnel under the walls. And upon the first bite of my dosa, my addiction hijacked a motorcycle and jumped a 10 foot barbedwire fence like Steve fucking Mcqueen.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,2/25/2013,31,148,5,7,7>This place made me give Astoria a chance.That's a loaded sentence, no? Well, it's completely true. After living the good life in Cobble Hill, BK for a year I was kicked out by raised rent. I settled in a lovelier and much bigger apartment in Astoria. While my apartment is definitely better, the town of Cobble Hill is hard to beat and little Astoria is simply a different scene. Then, one day my friend and I decided to heal our livers with a cheesy brunch at Queens Kickshaw.It has been a month and I have been to the Kickshaw at least once a week, my roommates are getting concerned.I take friend's from out of town here. I go there to be nerdy and read. I impress my mom with their newfangled grilled cheeses and amazing cup of Ethopian drip. I have tried a few of the grilled cheese (my favorite being the egg and cheese (ricotta) on brioche with maple hot-sauce...yep) and the drip coffee. Their beer selection is phenomenal and their snacks (mmm, Miso-Mustard Pickles) are ridiculously good. However, the best part for me is the fact that I can sit there with a good book, drink their perfect cups of coffee and listen to the amazing music selection and not be goaded to order or ushered to leave. The flow of people seems to work and every waiter (I have never seen the same one twice....) is at all-times present yet, busy. So to recap:Ridiculous Food. Perfect Coffee. Great Tunes. Amazing Atmosphere. Yep, that's about it.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/24/2013,134,610,9,12,12>Too cool for school, and it works.Coming here is a bit of a strange experience - walking into a museum (tell them you're there to eat and you get in for free to PS1) to hit up a classroom with small desks and menus on chalkboard.  It's a place to be seen, to say you went, but it's also pretty good for what it is.Seating note: as the resident giant yelper (6'8") the seats and table were a bit small, but workable for the time there.  The space between the seats and the tables are a bit small, so if you have big legs it might be a tight fit - I think a few of their tables or bar seating could work then.Lots of staff, and an esoteric menu without enough information.  Our appetizer we got based on nothing ended up being delicious, my brisket was bad because I had no idea it would be served cold (the beets were hot though).  Feel free to ask how it's prepped beforehand, be smart and you could be fine.  The smoked chicken of my girl was divine for me, not so much for her.If you are a picky eater or don't eat some things for religious reasons, this place can be a bit tough - at least half of the dining options included shellfish or pork, which doesn't work for me.  But there were a few viable options too for me.Lots of people walked in, looked at the menu, then eventually asked for a table - a few did leave though.  It's normal and accepted to do that, just don't take forever to make that call as you end up standing awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant right next to people eating while looking at the big board.  A minute or two is okay and acceptable, don't be a dick though.The pricing isn't horrible, and you get free admission to the museum with your sticker (or at least we did).  Decent beer (Sixpoint) options and wine bottles, if you want to be that person to order a $90 bottle in a classroom.  Trust me, nobody will judge you.Net net, it's hit or miss good food based on your tastes, in a setup that seems sweet for 15 minutes then just is, and is in fact cooler than you are.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,12/13/2013,45,63,5,7,6>The perfect place for a special dinner, Trattoria L'incontro has wonderful, inventive Italian food as well as impeccable service. Typically when I go to expensive restaurants, I expect snooty service (since I don't look like a high roller), but everyone was very nice. I would recommend dressing up a little if you come here, though I did see a number of guys in jeans. The waiter will tell you about the specials, and prepare to listen attentively... there will be more than a dozen specials, I'd say close to 20. They will patiently repeat the specials though, if you ask. Everything will sound amazing and delicious.Since my dining companion and I wanted to share everything, the waiter arranged for each of our dishes (including the appetizers) to come out on two plates, already proportioned for sharing between the two of us. This was more accommodating than I expected, and a nice touch. We ordered a bottle of wine, and the waiter would keep coming back to refill our classes. Our water glasses were always kept more than half full as well. Finally, we got a new plate, knife, and fork for every course.We started with a couple of appetizers, both specials. Upon recommendation from our waiter, we got the burata cheese wrapped in prosciutto. I have had burata cheese before, but this was by far its best iteration. The cheese was smooth and creamy, with bits of basil, pine nuts, and some type of sauce... wrapped up in prosciutto. We also got the wild game meatballs, which came with a type of mushroom sauce. I wish the portion of that were bigger (we only got 1 meatball each), but it was tasty.For entrees, we shared the mezza luna, a stuffed pasta dish on the regular menu. I wanted to try this based on the many recommendations here on yelp, and I was not disappointed. We also tried the braised short ribs over polenta (a special), and it was cooked perfectly, very tender. Finally, for dessert, we got the pistachio creme brulee... also a winner. Definitely a step up from your typical Italian restaurant, and the price and service reflects that. For the two of us, it came to around $150 including tax and tip, but it was completely worth it!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/12/2013,211,584,9,13,13>I love the Ridgewood Market!This Sunday was the first time that I attended. It actually took place on Summerfield Street, which is right near my house (so I had no excuse not to attend!). So my local artisans and businesses were represented here! Not only establishments from Ridgewood (Norma's, Rudy's) but there are tons of other cool vendors from all over NYC represented here! MartiniHandmades (from whom I got an awesome terrarium and bracelet), an awesome empanada table, someone serving shrimp and grits! So many local artists, jewelry makers and thrift stores!I know that this market is awesome, because even my boyfriend, who usually does not enjoy these types of things, found several vendors, items and foods that he loved! Score!Everyone was friendly and some vendors even took credit cards! What a great way to get to meet people from your neighborhood and support local artisans!I can't wait to do all of my holiday shopping at Ridgewood Market!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/11/2013,14,398,7,9,8>Just had dinner here for the first time last night with my girlfriend. Our experience was good. Bacorn! (Bacon fat popcorn) instead of chips or bread on the table was unique and something that we did not miss of forget from our visit. If you are coming here you need to go in knowing this is a tapas restaurant that has small plates with a few mid sized offerings for entree prices. The best way to go about eating here 2 people sharing 2-3 plates and drinks. However the Homemade iced tea was not overly sweet minty and a wedge of lemon. I'll say their prices are in line with the manhattan prices for tapas. We ordered the Long Island Duck, the Mussels and the Oxtail plates. Our favorite was the Oxtail Terrine which was served with a reduction and purée sauce mushrooms and small potatoes. It was amazing. The Long Island Duck was cooked perfectly medium and the dish as with all the others needed to be taken in balanced bites incorporating everything on the plate. The lychee, reduction sauce. the charred frisée. It was the perfect cooked duck that sold me on this dish. However at $23 it was something I tried but would not pay that much for again. The mussels were served in a lobster bisque soup with spicy chorizo, wheels of corn, onions and herbs. The toasted sourdough bread was a nice touch to sap up the soup. Our waiter even sent over some extra bread to lap up the soup. The food yielded 5 stars however the price on the duck was a bit steep for Queens and the service needed a little more attention as other people seated after us were taken care of (set up with water and bacorn) before us. I also wish the runners were about to reexplain the food we were about to enjoy as we had forgotten most of what was in each intricate dish we ordered. I hope service improves.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/10/2013,73,135,6,6,6>Woohoo! As good as it gets! That's what Yelp says to the five-star rating. Frankly, I couldn't have said it better. Cascon Cheesecakes has been a staple in Queens since the '70s. Even if you're not close by, it's well worth the trip. I had the benefit of living in this neighborhood for several years where I could WALK to this place. That was dangerous. Since I passed through Whitestone the other day I decided to go back and treat myself (and of course my husband :) to cheesecake. Luckily for us, they still carry the mini cheesecakes, so I got a few of those. If we had to get a whole cheesecake (as if that would be a punishment!) we would have inhaled it in little more than a sitting. And I wouldn't be writing the review right now; I'd have my butt at the gym in spin class to make up for calories.Back to the minis...I got an assortment of flavors: regular, marble swirl, black forest, pumpkin and Oreo. Holy Moly. They are exactly as I remember them. Ridiculously fresh and creamy. If you're a Junior's Cheesecake fan, I beg you to try Cascon - you may switch teams and fall for them.In addition to the minis, you can get assorted cheesecake flavors in larger sizes, cakes, pastries, assorted mousse, and of course bakery butter cookies. And they're so nice here! LOVE this place. You will too!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/9/2013,357,324,15,15,15>Unless you have a car, or live right off of the Q55, it's not that easy to get to. I'll give you that. It's also a little kitschy inside, kind of like it was decorated by a drunken German who once interned for Disney. Once inside, however, you are going to leave in two conditions.The first will be drunk. They serve fantastic beers in mugs that Thor would be proud to drink from.The second will be obscenely full. You will eat meat (that's what she said?), and some type of potatoes. They will be heavy dishes, and you will be full for a few days. That's normal.Admittedly, it would be criminal of me to not turn you on to the carnivore's deal of the century that they offer here. On Tuesday nights, they will serve you an amazing cut of prime rib that's the size of a small sofa for $30. So, to summarize:Meat.Beer.Meat.Slavic women.Meat.It's basically a restaurant version of every Arnold Schwarzenegger film from the 1980's.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,12/8/2013,98,53,7,7,6>Stamatis has been a place my family and I have been eating at for years now. I have not once been disappointed in the taste or the service here. The restaurant itself has a very nice Greek  feel to it, the decor is simple and not overwhelming. Very relaxed atmosphere.The staff is so pleasant and helpful, they're always willing to accommodate me with my concerns over my food allergies and preferences, they always seem to have something on the menu for me to enjoy. The food here has never let me down and I've been here many times. They have the most amazing lemon potatoes, stuffed peppers, Greek salad. Their ingredients are always very fresh and delivered to them daily.Another reason why I love Stamatis is the fact that you can come here with a big group and fill yourself to the point that you won't be able to walk when you leave, yet without breaking the bank. Totally worth a visit if you enjoy Mediterranean/Greek food.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/7/2013,238,433,12,14,14>The Astor Room remains one of the biggest treasures in Astoria, Queens boasting an amazing cocktail venue (classic and signature) that has remained remarkably consistent over the years. Most cocktails range between $10 to $13 range and extremely well concocted by awesome bartenders/mixologists. As a bourbon fan, I am very impressed by how dynamic the old-fashion type cocktails that The Astor Room offers are. Moreover, the venue has a very classy vibe and the staff is very friendly and attentive. The dinner menu is also very solid. Along 36th Avenue, venues like this are few and far beyond. A perfect date in Astoria for this Yelper would include a visit to the Museum of  the Moving Image and the Astor Room.Can't wait to check out the Jazzy Sunday Brunch next!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,12/6/2013,243,374,13,16,16>Hi, I'm team knife-shaved-noodles. All you hand-pulled-noodle lovers and go get soggy at the bottom of the soup bowl!Uncle Zhou's knife shaved noodles are kind of thin, width wise, but nevertheless they are good. I had it in the Lamb soup, which was a good white bone broth with some small tender cube of lamb meat. You have gotta dig the chopped cilantro on the top, it makes the noodle soup complete. Hubby ordered the beef hand drawn noodle soup. I wasn't digging the beef broth as much, it was not as flavorful as a consomme but more of a "clear soup" with strong herbal notes. They have small dishes towards the back of the restaurant, in the fridge display. Veggies ones are $4 a plate or $5 for a non-veggie dish. You can also pick any 2 on 1 plate. We tried the pork liver (most Chinese dishes involving liver, are cooked to well done or beyond. Unlike some French dish that stop at medium-rare to medium.) and the bamboo shoots. If you try the pork liver, don't forget to add some vinegar. The bamboo shoots while tasty and simple, had too many "old stalks" meaning they were occasionally a bit too fibrous for chewing. Our waitress was very nice and polite. This is a solid joint to grab a cheap but good bite.Cash Only.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,12/5/2013,121,334,11,8,7>What?!  How has Tonight Bar not been reviewed?  I realized this when I tried to check in on my iPhone. This place is SOLID.  The perfect dive bar in Flushing.  I came here tonight with a guy friend after eating three times our weight around the corner at 66 Lu's Seafood.  This bar is FANTASTIC.  The bartenders are absolute dolls; they know everyone and will clink glasses with you.  My friend is a regular, but this was my first time here.  However, the bartender acted as if we went way back-- which I loved.  The crowd here is über friendly and amazingly chill.  This is NOT a sketchy place.  There's a back room for karaoke, but everyone sitting at the bar just passes the microphone around and the bartender will play whatever you want to sing.  It made me feel as if I was in a small town, a real community.  Plus they give you free peanuts.  Who can pass up free peanuts?!No, there's no beer on tap.  But you don't come here for craft beer.  You come here because it's fun, because the people are sweet, because you can belt "Total Eclipse of the Heart" sober and no one will judge you, and because of the peanuts.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,12/4/2013,132,271,10,11,9>C'mon... be adventurous... ride rollercoasters, go bungee-jumping , sky-dive... eat kangaroo.When my sister told me about this place, I knew that my next trip home would have to include, "Visit family, eat kangaroo." Thankfully, she wanted to eat here for her birthday on the very weekend my husband and I planned to come back to NY.We made reservations and were seated promptly. We had a party of 7.Then we got our waters, and were approached by a friendly waitress that asked, "Have you ever been here?" When we answered "no," she then asked "Have you had Australian food before?" When we answered "no," again she lit up and looked so excited to pop our virgin Australian food cherries. And we happily let her.She was very enthusiastic about the menu. She described all the items on the menu in great detail, and made her suggestions. "Kumara is a root vegetable indigenous to Australia, sorta like a sweet potato." Then the kangaroo conversation came up. We all were there for this meat, so we were excited. She explained it as being close to venison and that it was best to have it rare. The kangaroo came in burger and steak form. Naturally, our large party had the luxury of ordering the kangaroo sliders, kangaroo steak, kangaroo burger with the lot, the fish special of the day (which I don't remember too much, but I remember saying "this is good!") and three orders of lamb lollies to share. (We all will probably go to hell for being gluttons.) All came with respective sides, the obligatory kumara mash, roasted vegetables and beet slaw. We also got a starter, Box Hill Stuffed Seasonal Vegetables... it had lemon rice, currants, goat cheese, pine nuts and dill. It was served cold, but it was still good! Kumara mash was sweet potato-like as promised, with a nice spice and herby flavor to them.The kangaroo burgers were delicious, they did not have too much of a game-y quality to them. The meat went well with what came with the "lot." That included grilled pineapple, bacon, egg, beet slaw and caramelized onion. The kangaroo steak was superb! I suggest that anyone who really wants to taste kangaroo, get this! It's lean and juicy (if you order it properly, which is rare), and full of flavor. So well done!Being my sister's birthday, my husband and my brother-in-law asked for specialty shots around the table. They served us this really smooth and cool tasting rum. We later learned that it was South Sea Australian Rum. Our waitress, (who coincidentally was also the co-owner!) explained that they had never served it and since we asked for something "special" she decided to open up a bottle! We still don't know if this was a gimmick to make us like them, but... we do anyway! : ) And they kept the rounds coming! I think it was 4-5 rounds of shots and we were glad to have them! (More brownie points for them!)I think the icing on the cake was that they let my (I think semi-tipsy) sister take a picture with their humungous stuffed koala! It was a very good experience and will be back again when in NY! Thank you Thirsty Koala for making my adventure a true Australian (food) experience!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,7/13/2012,48,140,5,9,5>Am I really giving my FIRST 5 star food rating to an empanada spot?YES.Let me start off by saying that I've had empanadas from EVERY type of restaurant, so I know how potentially delicious they can be.I've converted from flour to corn empanadas after eating them here. There's seriously nothing I can find wrong with this place. The flour empanadas are forgettable...but you NEED to have the corn empanadas. We ordered about 20, beef,chicken,guava,breakfast mix...all good.TRY THE CORN EMPANADAS.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,7/12/2012,37,132,13,12,12>Yummy! "Are you sure you are gonna eat this late?" My girlfriend."Yes. I need to try the Arepa Lady." Me."What is that?" Her."I don't really know. Magic food " Me.1 am at night, I double parked and was almost run over by a cab when crossing the road approaching the legendary Arepa Lady. I got an arepa con queso and a bbq pork kebab for $7.I ran back to my car and pulled over a block away. After the first bite of the arepa con queso both of us started to smile. It was so sweet and soft. So sweet and soft. BBQ pork was tender too. The lady is magic.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,7/11/2012,94,16,9,12,11>I love this place!  Yes, hard to find, and it's sort of a random room down this hallway.  The soup is out of control GOOD.  I was a dummy for asking if they had a menu the first time I went - I mean the store is called "Lamb Noodle Soup" after all.  So food options were essentially: Lamb noodle soup BIG, or lamb noodle soup SMALL.  They do have a few other complimentary things too though.  The noodles were kind of haphazardly cut and were chewy & delicious.  The meat was tender, and the soup flavorful.I love how unpretentious this whole place is.  Just a bunch of mostly immigrant Chinese people sitting at really squished tables eating away and chillaxin in groups.  And the restaurant people are super nice - thank you for helping to break our stereotype of having sucky rude service!  It was kind of crowded when I was there, so I asked if I could get my soup to go.  The restaurant guy insisted that the soup was much better eaten immediately, and then rearranged the stools to make a space for me to sit.  While I was eating the place got even more crowded to the point that strangers were all just eating next to each other at the same tables and every stool was occupied.  (Yes - the soup is THAT good)!  I made a new friend while eating (who I never saw ever again, but that's ok - it was still fun)!I really wish there were more places like this everywhere.  Major ultra mega thumbs up from me!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,7/10/2012,343,884,3,8,4>I LOVE THIS PLACE.  I really do.  I really love everything about it.  Let's start at the beginning.I had been meaning to try this place, especially because it had received SO many great reviews.  While the weather is nice-ish, it's best to enjoy the back terrace, which is gorgeous and has a fabulous yet relaxed summertime feel.  What's most notable about Bareburger is the quality of the food.  Regardless of what you choose to order, you can rest assured that everything will be conscientiously selected with care.The sandwiches are made from organic, all natural, free-range, grass-fed meats, all natural cheeses and organic vegetables.  Bareburger boasts use of local artisans and sustainable farmers and I can't get enough.  These sandwiches won't come on your average burger bun.  Instead, you'll have the option of brioche or multigrain bun, lettuce, whole wheat, or rice wrap.  The beer selection is respectable and pitchers are your best bet.  If you're craving a side of some greasy grub, I suggest the onion ring/french fry combo -- but be sure to share it with 1-2 other people -- you definitely will not be able to take it to the face...unless...well, I won't even say it.  The dipping sauces are amazing.  Curry bbq, chipotle mayo, so good. One thing that you should be aware of -- these are not your average burger place and you won't be charged dollar menu prices.  Be prepared to shell out at least $30-$40 for a casual burger date for two.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/9/2012,45,115,16,22,16>Better than Lemon King for multiple reasons.A small gets you two scoops... You can mix the flavors...  You can sample as many flavors as you want and the staff won't give you nasty looks.They have ice cream, water ices, cream ices, frozen yogurt and gelato.  The only down side, if you can say this is a down side, is that the menu of flavors is huge and there is limited floor space.  There is barely enough room between the counter and the bench across from it to fit people waiting on line and those trying leave after they've paid.One of the biggest upsides is that it's a short drive from the restaurants on Bell.  Another plus is that they have a punch card that entitles you to a free ices after purchase of 10.Will definitely go back again and again and again and again!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,7/8/2012,553,249,10,15,14>This diner hidden amongst a row of restaurants on Broadway is one of my favorite low key, solid diner food joints to go to.I've never been disappointed. The services is fast, everyone is super friendly, and the portions are huge. I dare you to finish you plate.Their coleslaw which comes with almost everything is the best in Astoria, hands down. And this girl knows coleslaw!And don't get me started on how wonderful their homemade blue-cheese dressing is....it's wonderful, yup, wonderful!From breakfast fare, to greek favorites, burgers, and full on dinner entrees Michael's has it all.And have I mentioned they do all the above 24-7? cause they do.....WONDERFUL!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,7/7/2012,316,268,18,18,18>Spank me if you will. I've been a very bad girl. Yes, I'm greedy. And selfish. And I don't like to share. But ya'll seem like nice folks so I'll let you have a taste of my Souvlaki Guy. The "Guy's" souvlaki cart is located right outside the parking lot of the Bed Bath & Beyond/Home Depot shopping center in East Elmhurst so one can conveniently pick up a snack/meal after you've shopped for boring home knick knacks, light bulbs, or Draino. However most times the conversation usually goes like this. "Hun, you want souvlaki for lunch?""Sure let's go.""Need anything from Home Depot while we're there?""Eh not really..."Yes, I'll take the drive 5 or so miles away to get here and souvlaki is usually the main reason for the trip. Souvlaki Guy is there practically every day until around 8pm unless the weather is bad, he's not in the mood (which is rarely ever) or he's away traveling the world as he seems to do every now and then. His pork souvlaki at $2.50 is always freshly cooked. If not, he will throw on a new batch of meat for you because he's cool like that. The meat is always succulent with the right amount of char. The salty burnt edges coupled with the lemon juice and hot sauce is what I sometimes wake up craving on weekend mornings. Chicken is offered too if that's your thing. Have your meat in a pita sandwich if preferred but the souvlaki here is best eaten in its purest form. He's good to his regulars and they will drive in just to get that delicious meat on a stick - cops, firefighters, nearby workers, and simply those in the know of where to get a delicious cheap meal. I'm surprised he's not on Yelp yet and if he is, well then he deserves a second listing. While most souvlaki carts depend on business from foot traffic, this one is situated in the middle of no where Queens that is only accessible by car or *gasp* bus. When I inquired if he ever moves around to different spots, he replied with ".. but who's going to feed all these people?"After visiting Souvlaki Guy for many years, conversing with him over anything and everything like an old friend, I hope you too will visit and support him so he won't retire and move to Greece like he always threatens me he'll do. Please don't make me chase him halfway around the world for my fix.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,7/6/2012,357,324,14,21,17>So, I've now had street meat from two of the Vendy winners: 53rd and 6th, and Sammy's Halal. Breakdown:53rd and 6th, the meat is finely ground up and so processed that it's kind of like eating mashed potatoes made from meat. The flavors run together, and the hot sauce is so violent that it could be used as a biological weapon.Sammy's Halal, the meat is in larger chunks, allowing you to appreciate how tender it is. Additionally, there's some cilantro mixed in so it adds a welcome depth to the standard flavor you're expecting from one of these. The hot sauce is slightly more flavorful than the other cart, and also scaled down enough that you won't hurt yourself or anyone you kiss/breathe on after you eat it. Plus they have green sauce. And if you don't know yet how I feel about green sauce at a halal cart, just ask Lizz K.Definite win goes to Sammy's because, well, it's cheaper and better. Doesn't get more clear-cut than that.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,7/5/2012,289,416,7,13,12>I joined an exodus to Portalia lead by Moses, I mean Evan.  Instead of manna from heaven, we dined on Northern Italian fare, admittedly heavenly:  ~~Seafood risotto - 5 stars - this was actually Amy S. entree and she offered a taste of it.  I think risotto brings out Portalia's A-game.  The consistency was impeccable, the chunks of seafood were firm and the taste was just delightful. I can just imagine whoever made it stirring it continuously on the stove.  It was the best dish of the night in my opinion. ~~Polenta - 4 stars - although I am not a big fan of polenta, this dish just made me a convert.  I loved the texture, the taste and how comforting it was on the tastebuds. I can feel the love in the preparation although they did use truffle oil and I'm still on the fence about its use. ~~Lamb -  4 stars -  it was perfectly cooked (I want it a bit pink), tender and perfectly seasoned.  It was Evan's entree and he was generous in giving everyone a taste of his meat. I would have given five (5) stars but it was a smallish portion. ~~Guanciale -  3 stars I had it as an entree and I wanted to see how it compares to one of my favorite chef's version.  However, as far as I can recall that version used guanciale in a pomodoro base so it would not be an apples to apples comparison.  It was creamy and a bit overpowering so t I think the seafood risotto was several notches better. ~~Torta di Granchio or crabcake - 3 stars - I wanted chunks of crabmeat which were absent and the serving was on the small side.   ~~Fazzoletti with Veal Ragu - 4 stars -  This was Megan's entree and since all of us were tasting each other's dish, I had a good taste of this.  It was rich, comforting and perfect.  ~~Calamari -  4 1/2 stars - Moses, I mean Evan, gave me a bite of the calamari. It could be the robes and the decalogue he was carrying but I thought the calamari was sensational.  It was crispy, served hot, not flour-y, I loved it!  I also give four (4) stars for the Cabernet Sauvignon they served at happy hour prices ($7 per glass until 7:30 p.m.)  After happy hour, Raphael, Amy and I got a bottle of wine for $30 to go with our meal.  Five (5) stars for the service as everyone from the staff to the manager and even the owner, I think, collected coats, poured water, checked in on us, etc.  After our meal, they gave us a taste of most of their desserts, compliments of the chef.  That was a nice gesture for our big group. :) And in Astoria, it is often done by most restaurants. like Taverna Kyclades but Portalia went a bit further by giving a taste of ALL of their available desserts:~~Tiramisu was heavenly, authentic and not too sweet.  ~~Chocolate creme brulee was a nice surprise but I prefer the traditional one.~~Flourless chocoloate cake with pistachio gelato was the most elegantly    presented of all the desserts.  ~~Apple tart was perfection, and the dried apple was beautiful and delicious.  I     think this is the perfect dessert for the pork chop which Mike B ordered but     I never got to taste of because he was at the other table.   ~~The raspberry sorbet resonated as the perfect ending for me because it was a    beautiful contrast to the richness of the food. Bravo, Portalia!  I see myself and my best friend strolling to and from our home, pretending that we are in Bergamo.  By the way, they do offer brunch and by adding $7 to your entree, you get unlimited mimosas.  Finally,  molto grazie to Evan, our resident Moses who can even top feeding manna from heaven by simply bringing us to Portalia.  :)
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,7/4/2012,108,1039,3,8,7>With a large assorted order to feed 7 people ordered to go a bunch of friends and I gathered to devour what so many have already been claiming as legitimate bbq.I'll have to preface this with the fact that since I had the food to go, I'll definitely have to go back and eat it fresh in the restaurant next time.One thing I will say is stand out is their cole slaw. It's very vinegary and acidic which is an absolute perfect pairing when you're on a meat fest adventure.The burnt ends are definitely tasty but I found the taste varied quite a lot between pieces. The fattier ones definitely better.The ribs are definitely some of the better flavored ribs I've had in NY. I must say though if you're one of those types of people who equate a slathering excess of sauce as "good" then you'll be disappointed. However if you're one to fully focus on the taste and seasoning, you'll find them delicious.The pork belly is a hit, but I say almost any place that serves pork belly is pretty much guaranteed that as a hit.Also tried the lamb sausage and while I generally dislike lamb, found myself liking the sausage.The brisket is just tender enough and flavored proportionately.At the end of the day though, I feel like the stand out dishes are the cole slaw and the ribs. These are the two things that will set this place apart.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,2/7/2012,299,846,6,11,10>I love Ambala because there's nothing else like it. The couple who owns it are so nice, and their food can't be matched. It's extremely cheap, and it's point and eat steam table. You can see exactly what it is before you order.  This isn't fancy at all, there's just 1 table inside, so you wouldn't come from the outer boroughs just to visit ambala, but for a local it's a godsend. The woman cooks how she likes and what she wants. Two of my favorites are the curry with pumpkin and the sour curry, although I usually ask her to surprise me. I have no idea what the names of a lot of the options are because nothing is labeled. Samosas are excellent, so are the chicken spring rolls. You won't find a cheaper or more homey meal anywhere. They used to have an Indian place 2 doors down. It was effing fantastic, I hope they have the chance to sell that stuff again soon.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,2/6/2012,11,103,9,12,9>Delhi Heights is like a love affair. After years of marriage to Jackson DIner, I cheated on it once by going across the street to Delhi Heights. The worst part is...I've been cheating ever since! All of the dishes in the delhi heights buffet are extremely well executed. The saag paneer is perfectly spiced. The bread is served separately, not as part of the buffet, so it never gets soggy or hard. The samosas are crispy and less oily than most.I adore Indian cuisine, so I'm probably more likely to give fives to Indian restaurants than to restaurants serving other types of cuisine; however, I'm always so satisfied by Delhi Heights, that I think the professionals who run the place deserve the five.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,2/5/2012,86,65,9,11,12>Am I dreaming? I actually found a nice food place in New World Mall! Thank you Mojoilla!Instead of eating something else in the food court, I decided to just go for a crepe. And it was one good decision! I ordered the Mojoilla Crepe which consists of a scoop of ice cream with nutella, strawberries, bananas and topped off with a Pirouette rolled wafer. I decided to get this with a scoop of banana ice cream. Yes I thought it might have been too much banana flavor but it was actually quite good. The crepe itself was chewy and held everything together very well. Most crepes tend to be crunchy and fall apart after a bite. The banana ice cream really tasted like banana and it wasn't too sweet. Delicious! There was a smear of Nutella with slices of fresh strawberries and banana. It all came together very well. It is a little pricey at $4.95. It would have been better if I could have gotten two scoops of ice cream and maybe a little more strawberry and banana in there. The crepe came in an ice cream cone form which you don't see very often. It was definitely enjoyable eating the crepe this way instead of with a fork and knife. Mojoilla also has a cute little monkey logo on their wrapper. I LIKE MONKEYS!  @(O_O)@  It's a Monkey Face!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,2/4/2012,122,365,9,9,11>I really thought I knew the meaning of fat kid. I mean I thought I embodied all that is overindulgent and decadent in the way of eating out. So imagine my surprise when I couldn't finish all the food we ordered here on a Sunday at brunch time.The Bloody Mary was actually tasty which means something from me because i despise when people blend a tomato and make you drink it. It came with a few olives and had a nice kick to it. The mimosa however was just so-so leading me to nurse it for the whole meal.I ordered their omelet which came stuffed with manchengo and chorizo and these sweet (in a good way) caramelized onions stuffed inside. It came with paps bravas and a salad (the salad was a nice way to fill up the plate but I'm looking at that corner of my plate like..I'm not wasting calories on roughage). It was really tasty and portions were big making it very difficult to eat the other half of Armin's red eye.What's a red eye you say? Only the most jaw droppingly fat kid brunch item on a menu that I have seen to date. Two slices of french toast on challa bread with creamy peanut butter, slices of banana and applewood smoked bacon laying delicately between and dusted with powdered sugar. It came with syrup but it was HIGHLY unnecessary. Some may find it sickeningly sweet after consuming too much of it, but it really was a fun way to start my Sunday.We also (I know..disgusting) had sides of more bacon and their bacon mac&cheese. The bacon was great not too crispy or fatty. The mac&cheese was interesting but I really prefer my mac&cheese in the elbow macaroni version and this seemed to be rotini (spiral).The place stretches out longways and has a kind of hipster friendly type staff and tucked away dark booths meant for two. It was a really nice place to check out in L.I.C and with its proximity to the city this is one of those few places that is worth the trip for those not in the majestic borough of Queens.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,2/2/2012,315,285,7,15,13>I came into Mundo from an uneasy, anxious day, and I walked out sighing. It's so nice there.I arrived about 30 minutes ahead of my date, and worked on solving ANOVAs over a delicious honeysuckle disguised as house white wine. The staff's warm smiles and gentle demeanors aided in my relaxation, as did the light rain on the other side of the wide open fourth wall.He arrived with a grin, and we ordered another round of honeysuckles. Not to be neglectful diners, we started with the famous red sonja, a smooth, earthy lentil treat atop crunchy romaine hearts.My "dumplings" were many teeny, rich little bites that tasted like a trip to Turkey--minty and yogurty, garlicky and beefy. His squid ink tagliolini with shrimp, squid, etc was the better dish.The food was good; the wine and ambiance were wonderful.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,6/2/2014,225,493,4,11,7>I think this is a great edition to the area.  Price-wise it is not as cheap as other Asian markets, but more in line with mainstream markets.  Aisles are clean and produce is plentiful and fresh. The fish counter is great, lots of whole fish and fillet options as well as seafood.  I was surprised that there was no butcher counter, but there were choices of prepackaged meat including Kobe.Don't forget to grab lunch or dinner while there.  At the front of the store behind the Paris Baguette is a counter where you can get a real good meal.  We got #16 (beef) & #17 (pork), each $10.  Everything seems to be made to order, so it takes a while for food to come out. Dishes are served bento box style along side a bowl of soup with bean sprouts.  The meat was marinated well and was tender and quite tasty...although the pork was more flavorful than the beef.  Each was served with salad, rice and kimchi.  It was a hearty and delicious meal and I would easily eat there again.If you have reservations about visiting H Mart, don't and just give it a try, I think you'll like it.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/1/2014,96,108,9,9,8>So many bad reviews for such a great mall! I like shopping at Queens mall, so many different stores.Queens mall is connected with Macys on one side and JC Penney on another. There is a parking lot, first hour is 3$, up to 3 hours is 5$.Food court is downstairs with plenty of choices. Charley's sub, McDonald's,  KFC,  Sushi, Tacobell, some hot dog place, italian place...  There are also different places to eat/ drink all around the mall. Like Applebee's, Cinnabon, 16 Handles, Baskin Robins, Starbucks,  Pretzel place... A lot of different stores, almost everything you need. From Express,  AX,  H&M, Forever 21, Urban Outfiters, Bebe, Victorias secret to Swatch, Foot Locker, Lego, Aldo, Adidas, Mac, Bare Minerals. .. And now they are opening Sephora, that was THE store that was missing there! Yes, it can be very crowded on weekends and holidays, that's why I avoid those days.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,5/31/2014,1988,418,4,10,10>I really enjoyed this place! The food was banging, the sangria was STRONG, and that open bright atmosphere and delicious smells of Peruvian food was well worth the visit. I had the cerviche mixto, which has calamari, shrimp, fish, onions, mashed sweet potatoes, a Mexican corn, and weird Kernal like things which I believe was also a form of corn. It was actually well made & really tasty & it filled me up! Wasn't a fan of the mashed  sweet potatoes as they're in an acidic dressing, or the weird corn kernels which were extremely dry.I would definitely come back here, but only after making a reservation- it gets extremely crowded!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/30/2014,13,169,6,9,7>Two years, several contacts and two pairs of glasses later, these guys are still the best.  I consider myself a picky shopper.  I need to see and know all my options.  I'm THAT guy.  But the staff here are super patient, super friendly, honest, and sincere.  In my case, they took their time to help me over a few short visits, taking notes in my chart about what styles I liked so the next person could easily help me out the next time I was there.  In the end, Jeannie and Christine (and my wife) helped me choose a new pair of glasses I really enjoy.  Dr. Chan is also a complete joy as a provider.  She is patient, friendly, and family focused.  She is always very helpful to me and my picky/finicky eyes and always makes me feel like she's there for my best interest.  This place is small in size but big on customer service and quality of care.  I love that they're in Forest Hills and I'll return here whenever I need eye care.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,5/29/2014,553,249,11,12,10>I like Olives. Wait, did I say 'like'? I meant love, yup I love Olives. This is a fact. More importantly I like a variety of choices when eating olives.  When I'm out of olives there is only one place I go, Titan Foods. (And I luck out that it's in my hood!) They have the largest selection at the best prices I've seen anywhere. From kalamata olives to gaeta and lugano olives, and every other type and size and stuffed variety you can think of, they have them. It's olive heaven!And speaking of olive heaven the aisle of olives oils is pretty outstanding as well.It's worth a trip here if you love olives, or even if you just like olives. Oh and their other stuff (like the hot food bar and bakery) is pretty on point too!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/28/2014,42,175,12,14,10>Okay, first off, I rate places based on the type of restaurant/institution it is. Am I going to complain that a local diner didn't offer to hang up my coat, park my car, and use the finest imported fromage? NO. It's a dang diner! That's the idea with La Perrada de Chalo. It's a Columbian spin on American fast food that is a guiltily satisfying good time that's absolutely sure to leave you stuffed.The menu is ridiculously extensive, covering sandwiches, burgers, bowls, and most importantly (to me): Hot dogs. Seriously. These hot dogs are completely out of this world.My absolute favorite thing to get here is the Iraqui hot dog (super size). Sure, it's a regular old unimpressive hot dog. But then it enter the hands of whatever genius artisan craftsman is behind that counter. It's boiled perfectly and served on a toasted bun so that the outside has the slightest crisp while the inside is soft and fluffy. The iraqui is then topped with ketchup, mayonnaise, a smear of smooth pineapple sauce to give an incredible subtle sweetness, sliced hardboiled eggs, and crumbled up potato chips. Yes, you read that correctly, dang crumbled Ruffles or something. It's a freakin' party in your mouth, and a perfect crunch of slight saltiness.I also highly suggest the Maicitos Con Pollo Con Queso; it's a bowl based with chicken meat, sweet corn, sliced cheese, and sauce. Which is probably mayo. But so dang good. Think of it like a salad, but all that annoying healthy green stuff removed, and just meat, corn, and cheese. Mm.The salchipapas is pretty standard, having well cooked fries and sliced hot dog pieces cut to look like little fanning four tentacled octupi. That sounds unappealing, huh? It's good though, swear. The service here is very friendly, but honestly at least half the times I've come, the people behind the counter did not speak English. Luckily, I was either with my Colombian friend or used my broken high school level Spanish to get by. Also, if you order the hot dog (which you will, right?), just accept the fact you will be a disgusting hot mess trying to eat it. It's fine. It's part of the ritual. Just be sure to snag more napkins, because they certainly do not give you enough.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/27/2014,20,147,5,9,6>So I didn't get to go on Tuesday for the mussel special ($9). Nonetheless, we still had a good time dining here on a Saturday night. This tiny place has a bar and about 10 tables. It's hard to imagine such tiny kitchen can serve such awesome food. The 1/2 order mussels came in a big bowl, $11.75. The mussels were pumped and delicious. The sauce was a bit spicy and rich of flavors. The bread was unbelievably good - warm, crisp outside and soft inside. I couldn't help asking for another serving. You know you'll definitely come back for more when you dip the bread in the mussel sauce. It's just that good. My friend ordered onion soup which was surprisingly served quickly. The salad was freshly tossed and well balanced with vinaigrette. We asked about the $15 minimum order per person on the small sign on the table. The waitress explained that they just want customers that sit down to order food/drinks. So, yeah, 1/2 order of mussels qualifies me to sit down. I'd suggest that although the mussels are tasty, it's better to share. If it weren't the bread, I wouldn't have been able to gorge the whole thing, since my friend wasn't interested in mussels. I also couldn't stop eating my friend's salad to balance the saline aftertaste of the shellfish.The decor is pretty cool. Different collections on the wall and ceiling. Felt like entering a teenager's room. At some point, the customers at the bar were so into the moment that they started singing to the song that was being played. I like that in way that people are not pretentious in here. Since the place is a bit cramped, people passing by behind me kept bumping into my chair and our table had to be moved to let other customers come sit on the other side of the next table.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,5/26/2014,290,161,8,9,8>Prices are fair, and the place to be anytime during the week. It's a spacious restaurant where I''ve been with my family on several occasions. They have Ravioli pizza, Buffalo Chicken pizza, and many more spot on classic /creations you can think of. The waitress maintains the entire restaurant, I've never seen the need for two, nor do I think they have had two at the same time. But sometimes she is M.I.A. in the dining area, when you want your check or um.... food.  Since the place is large, there are restrooms here. The bathrooms are always clean, but really funny thing, always smell like sauce, so I'm always thinking that they freaking left a slice or something in there ( Italian air freshener, lol) But it's just a very strong smell that goes all throughout the pizzeria. I'm sure they go home smelling like pizza. The staff is nice and friendly, and their portions are for people who come to eat. I will come back.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/25/2014,105,254,3,18,8>I dont know about these reviews on here...personally, I try to not to take myself that seriously. In my opinion, this place kicks ass.  I came here for a girlfriend's bday brunch and we were SO thrilled with our experience.  Our waitor - a guy witih tattoos was awesome and tolerant of the four of us indecisive, scatter brained, special request girls.  I had a Kale caesar salad with a poached egg (special requested) and a few very tasty bloody marys.  My friends devoured their meals and drinks as well and we hung around to chat and have a couple drinks.  Our waitor and the manager didn't pressure us to leave and came over just enough times to check on us.  My water was constantly filled and the atmosphere of the place was hip and cool.  The prices were also reasonable. I really liked it.  We will be back sooner than later!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/24/2014,208,211,6,13,11>If you haven't tried Trattoria L'incontro yet, then you haven't experience real Italian in nyc. Reservations are highly recommended.  I made mines two weeks prior to celebrate my birthday here on a Saturday night. Please don't make the mistake of walking in without one, you'll end up waiting forever on a prime night. Trust me!We were seated by the entrance, not the best spot, but our close view of the wall mural totally made up for it. I think it was a picture of a place in Italy which made me reminisce my trip there a few years ago.Our host, Vincent, was so hospitable and funny. He always made sure our party of ten were comfortable and happy. Most importantly, he made sure our tummy was filled to the brim with oh so satisfying food. One piece of advice, don't bother looking at the menu, and just focus on what the specials of the day are. Not located anywhere in the restaurant, is a list of 40 specials that each host has to memorize and regurgitate to all the patrons. I felt so bad, we asked Vincent to repeat it a few times. But he was gracious and only slightly annoyed lol. How can anyone get mad at 10 beautiful women? *grin* They should really print out a separate menu for the specials. Definitely would make things a lot easier. Dinner would not be a dinner if we didn't order some wine, two bottles of Moscato D'asti please! For starters, we had the bread basket, fried calamari, argula salad with pear and gorgonzola, and stuffed eggplant with shrimp. Bread basket is standard for all tables but I had to mention it because it was just that tastey. Hot, toasty foccasia with anchovy spread and I don't even like anchovy! For entrees, honestly, you can literally pick anything on the menu and it will be really good. That's how it was when sampling everyone's entrees. But I'm so glad I ordered my Dover Sole. A whole piece of sole, de-boned over a butter lemon sauce. Someone needs to bottle that sauce and sell it. Damn, soooo good. The fish was prepared so well and the decorative bone with cilantro was a nice touch. Dover sole, where have you been all my life?? I can go on and on about everyone else's entree, esp how fresh the pastas are. But till next time! This place will be tough to top.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,6/13/2012,101,229,10,12,13>Shabu shabu, hot pot, whatever you want to call it, Shell Cove is a place where you cook your own food in pots at your table.  Some dear friends of mine invited me out to dinner at Shell Cove to celebrate the Holidays and friendship and to have me meet a fellow scientist.  First, you pick what kind of soup base you want and then you decide what goes inside (ie meat, fish, or veggie).  I went with beef and a kimchi soup broth because both are good.  Next, they bring you out a buncha stuff like all different kinds of veggies plus an egg.  Then, they bring you out a pot full of your soup base and you start cooking your food.  In between, you can order things like dumplings if you want them or other stuff to throw into your soup.  The dumplings we got tasted really good so I was excited.  There's also a "make your own sauce" bar and a rice cooker filled with rice.  What I like to do is eat most of my hot pot and then add a bowl or two of rice in with the remaining broth to mash up the rice.  I then scramble my egg and put it in with the rice and add my remaining beef.  The result is delicious.The price was right and the food tasted good here, my compliments to the chef (ie me).  But, the food they made tasted good, too (ie the dumplings).  And the waitress hit on me (ie winning).  I'll likely come back again when visiting with my Elmhurst amigos.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,6/12/2012,406,1092,7,9,8>I am so thankful that Francois Danielo has decided to come to the USA to pursue his baking career. He is a very talented baker and recently opened La Boulangerie proves that, with lines out the door on weekends. If you're not here early enough, certain baked goods will get sold out. So I highly recommend coming earlier so you will have the full spread to choose from.The establishment feels like something out of Europe. It's small and cozy, with a very rustic touch. The counterop and furniture are all made out of maple-like wood. The light color of the wood and floor to ceiling windows in the front allow enough ample to light in to give it a vibrant ambiance. After you get your order, there is a sugar station if you need to concoct your coffee drinks to your preferred level of sweetness. I highly recommend grabbing a seat to enjoy the ambiance. There are 4 tables seating 2 people each, and then a large communal table seating an additional 10 people. After you settle down, take notice of the 2 large glass windows on two sides of the establishment, so you can watch the bakers kneading the dough, shaping it and throwing into the ovens. It's a treat to see them work their magic. The nice ambient music is also very relaxing, what I would guess is a mix of French or jazz music. There is also a counter of newspapers and magazines that you can pick up and read. It all adds up to a very personal touch with a local feeling to the establishment that I can enjoy going to for years to come. But let's not forget why you're here, for some delicious freshly baked breads. We ordered a Cappucino (Small - $3.25), Cream Cheese Danish ($2.85) and a Pain Au Chocolate ($2.10). The Cappucino was prepared perfectly with the right ratio of espresso, hot milk, and steamed-milk foam. It was then topped off with some sort of powdered mix. The Cream Cheese Danish topped with 4 blueberries and powdered sugar was very good, with just the right thickness of the cream cheese and flakiness of the dough. The Pain Au Chocolat, similar to a Chocolate croissant, but not as buttery and flaky, was equally delicious. I do wish they added a bit more chocolate to give it that extra bittersweet chocolate flavor. But one pastry to rule them all is the Almond Croissant. Just think of the same croissant but with almond cookie-like batter baked on top. The sweetness of the batter is the perfect morning treat.In all, La Boulangerie is sure to please and I highly recommend stopping in for a coffee and a pastry. And don't forget to get one of their finely baked fresh breads such as their baguettes, pain bordelais, and pain aux cereales. Just remember to come early on weekends, because they go quick!!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,6/11/2012,180,126,6,5,5>First off, Taco Palace delivers to me (all the way out in Flushing) So you can all be overjoyed by this great news & thank meeeeee!I was hesitant try to this place but I went out on a limb, & I really really really wanted nachos..Their nachos are actually pretty good, but without the beans. The black beans look like a hot mess of I dont even know. The guac is decent, & their nachos are still crunchy even after being delivered!Their quesadillas are also pretty good (not what I was used to) but good nevertheless (Between beef, chicken, & steak I thought beef was the best)Their fries, not so good. Even though some people say go for the combos if you think about it if you just order whatever you want it'll basically come out the same & you wont be stuck with soggy gross fries!Items with steak in them are also pretty decent.They also have super fast deliver, faster then any place within a 10 min walk radius from me. That says alot.ALSO they are super kind ..... This one time I got food delivered I mistakenly saw my $10 as a $20 and was like 5 bucks short & my friend was late in coming over.. I felt so terrible but the guy said dont worry about it !! I still paid them back later on because Im a good samaritan. Just kidding. But really. I kinda love them :'(.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,6/9/2012,1988,418,11,19,13>This place is epic! Every time I've ever been here I always have a great time. It's not like most night spots in NYC; this is more like being in Europe. 90% of the crowd is European.  I saw a few middle eastern people, and Spanish people as well, but there were NO BLACK PEOPLE here what so ever; very different from most of my Friday night handout spots.There are two rooms: the room when you walk in, and the room in the back.  The first room plays a top 40 and 80s/90s funk kind of mix. All the times I've been here they've never played rap or hip hop; in fact I'd say the closest they got to hip-hop was Rhianna "we found love".  The back room is the grand ensemble, its massive; they play nothing euro techno house music.  I just made that genre up myself because that's what I believe it to be. The crowd is sick. The people are all gorgeous. The men are tall, tan and hairy, and most of them are in full fledged suits; the women look the same but smaller and less hairy! I felt out of place kind of (even though I'm partying with my own type of people) because usually I'm so used to winding in some bashment party, or doing the Cat Daddy at some local hip hop joint. The drinks at Cavo are strong just like I like them! They are kind of pricey for Queens, because my Cavo-tini was $14, but it definitely was not weak.In order to actually get a table at Cavo I would presume you need reservations, as you are going to be eating, doing hookah and/or or having a birthday event. Be aware Cavo is definitely not a walk in place to grab a seat. On Thursdays ladies eat free! Effin awesome right? The catch is that you have to order a cocktail, which I just mentioned the price of before.  So all in all I guess for a female, it would be around $15 (which to me is decent considering Cavo's high prices). I mean it's cheap, but its certainly not FREE because I have to say I have been to plenty good eateries where my meal is under $20. Anyways, you go more for the experience.  I've never had the food or even seen people eating, but the menu looks pretty good. Overall this place itself is awesome.  Like the decor is just phenomenal. The outdoor backyard is gorgeous as well. Unfortunately even with my crew of people it can be slightly treacherous to dance to the same music all night long, and be around the same weekly crowd!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,6/8/2012,238,33,3,6,5>MONKEYFACE RAMEN!!!  How could you not like it?Yes, I am comparing this place to Ippudo because that to me is the gold standard and I have to say that the ramen here is just as good AND cheaper.  Not only that, but there was practically no wait on a Saturday night.  It definitely helps that the restaurant is spacious and there's an abundance of tables.I got the Hinomaru with an optional poached egg.  I regret not getting additional fireballs (spicy miso soup balls) because they were amazing and very flavorful.  The combination of fresh ingredients in tasty broth culminated in a big bowl of YUM.  I also got the pork belly bun which I enjoyed.  It certainly tasted better than it looked.  The pork belly gave off the appearance of it being slightly dry but one bite of it extinguished any assumptions I had.This is going to be my new go-to ramen joint whenever I get the cravings.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,6/7/2012,280,538,5,8,7>This review is actually for the tea shop, not the bubble tea.Ten Ren operates under Ten Fu, and very prestigious tea brand in China and Taiwan. They even have a private college that studies the tea industry! This is hardcore gourmet tea!If you wander past the bubble tea section and into the loose tea area, you have taken a small step to being a connoisseur. Their collection ranges from normal priced tea bags to loose tea behind the counter, and even gift tea sets for friends. A sales clerk immediately spot me when I was browsing and asked if I needed help.I was looking for Puerh tea, not too cheap but not too expensive. I definitely wasn't going for the tea bag variety or the $35 cake set. I've got accustomed to individually wrapped Puerh and was wondering if they carried anything affordable. She happened to have a small bag (it was labeled Tuo) for only $11. I bought a cute tea canister there as well. Oh, and in case you're wondering about the tea: I went back home to brew it. Delicious.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,6/6/2012,132,92,4,5,2>This is my first review of a hair Salon so I don'y really know how to play it but....the design inside is very post modern and chic, mostly white and red hues so it makes me think of the mid-90s when a lot of places were sporting this design. Some places in the city still do...There is a seating area with many magazines with womens hair styles from Japan to Taiwan and Hong Kong and they seemed fairly popular with the clientele. The music is also your general Asian fare with popular songs from China, HK, and Taiwan.The reason however why this place gets five stars for me is their service and their excellent haircut. As an Asian male it is hard for me to find a place to get my hair cut; my choices are generally barber shops who dont know how to do "asian hair" or salons around the city which also really dont know how to do "asian hair". In the past I have resorted to going to cheap Chinatown or Flushing hair cutting places for men but most of the time I come out looking like I got a Chinese army haircut (however the prices are ridiculously cheap)Unlike either of those places, "Red Hair Salon" knows how to do my hair and I come out pretty satisfied with the haircut. While the price is around $30 for a shampoo cut and blow dry, it is well worth it to not look like I have just escaped enlistment. The service is also exceptional, similar to many establishments they will give you a shampoo and condition with a head massage followed by the haircut and they will wash it again to make sure the hair is out. By far this is one of the best salons or any barber that I have gone to. Note that sometimes on the weekends it is quite busy and it is good to come in with an appointment. The stylists/barber will generally give you their card so you can always call back.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,6/5/2012,270,686,2,6,3>Dumplings, Pan Fried Dumplings (difficult to find!), Noodles, Side Dishes: CHECK!The dumpling here are ridiculously good! It just doesn't get more authentic than this. I would consider this a hole in the wall (at the back of Maxim Bakery) but it's so clean! I personally like to plop down at the bar and watch them make the dumplings. The owner is so nice if you get to know him. My fav dumplings are hand's-down, the FISH DUMPLINGS! You just can't find any better out there! Get the Fish Dumplings! The rest are all awesome as well. They all taste good! The vegetarian one is good but a bit on the bland side, compared to the meat ones. And the Pan Friend Dumplings, can't find them anywhere really, not made the right way like here, two ends open. Entertainment: CHECK!They make the Dumplings right in front of you, they also cook in front of you so you know this is a clean shop!Great Price: CHECK!It's $3.50 (10 Dumplings) $5.25 (15 Dumplings) at sit down They also sell frozen ones ($13-$20) for 50 Dumplings   If you don't know how to cook dumplings, the asian way goes like this - 1. Add water to pot till it's half full, bring to a boil on high heat, and then add the dumplings. Do not defrost.2. Immediately stir the dumplings, so they don't stick to the bottom. The heat stays on high throughout.3. Once the water is boiling again, add 1 cup of cold water, bring it to a boil.4. Add another 1 cup of cold water, bring it to a boil. TaDah! Perfect Dumplings!Even if it's frozen, I would guess they are no more than 1-2 days old, the turn around rate here is ridiculous!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,6/4/2012,565,622,4,10,8>Whenever I'm in the Elmhurst area, I try to make a pit stop at Taste Good. If I have time to sit down and eat, I'll usually get the roti canai as an app. Though the roti is the same Malaysian paratha that you get in most Asian groceries in Queens, the curry that comes with it is top class. They also have other things in their extensive menu which I think are excellent options. FYI, the prices on the take out menu in these pics here are about 25c to 75c cheaper compared to the dine in menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44 yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44 yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44The laksas here are probably better than anywhere else you'll find in NY, especially since we're not exactly spoiled for Malaysian or Singaporean food choices. I've tried the Hokkien Udang Mee and it blew me away. In general,  the sambal flavors in their laksas are super addictive and delicious. I topped it off with their sambal chili sauce to give it an extra kick and couldn't stop eating till my bowl was empty. yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44The Nasi Lemak and the two Nasi Gorengs on the menu are good choices if you want to try a rice dish. yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44 The great thing about a Malaysian rice dish is that it comes with all sort of proteins, veggies and most of all - bold flavors! They don't hold back on the flavors here and you should know that they taste even better if you mix it up, put it in the fridge and eat it the next day.Meatwise, my favorite is the randang. Could it be anything else? Ever since I had wild boar randang in Malaysia, I've been a randang loyalist. They have two here - beef and mutton.  I love them both. They're also great for take out. Just let them sit in the fridge and marinade for an extra day. You're welcome! yelp.com/biz_photos/Zx44For something a little lighter, try the Hainanese chicken.Taste Good is a hole in the wall that serves up great food without any pretense. There isn't much of a decor which doesn't really bother me but I do wish the ventilation was better. It can get really hot in there sometimes.Less than a minute's walk from the Elmhurst Ave station on the R line, Taste Good is a must try on every foodie's list.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,6/3/2012,242,102,8,9,10>Had a friend who was a chef part time tell me to definitely check out this recently opened place last year. Deep in the middle of Queens, this is definitely a gem in the heart of Sunnyside. Located right under the 7 train line, Salt & Fat is an amazing Asian Fusion joint with unique concoctions and great beer selection.To start off my date, they brought over popcorn cooked in bacon oil, which makes a nice snack to compliment the drinks we initially ordered. The beer selection is quite impressive, I had the Mother Milk's Stout, which gives Guinness a run for its money, as well as the Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale, which my friend describes as Blue Moon on Steroids. Now, for the food itself, to start off the meal, I ordered the "Crack and Cheese" and the "Braised Pork belly Tacos." The "Crack and Cheese" is definitely the highlight of Salt & Fat and a must signature dish to have! The Braised Pork Belly Tacos was quite tasty, but since I had my share of Korilla's Kimchi Tacos, its nothing really special, but good nonetheless. For the main course, my date and I had the "Oxtail Terrine" and "Creekstone Farms Hangar Steak." The Oxtail Terrine at first look like a brownie cube, but thats is just how its cooked and presented since they rip off and consolidate the oxtail meat off the bone. Its damn good by itself, but with the complimented sauce and veggies, it makes it even better. The Hangar Steak ordered Medium-rare is quite bloody, but I like it that way, so I definitely liked it. However, it couldn't outshine the Oxtail. For the coup de grace, the dessert menu was short, but if you like unique ice cream, you must try their avocado or Thai Ice Tea ice cream flavors. Simply heavenly!Overall, the Salt & Fat experience was very euphoric and a hidden gem. Queens definitely needs more restaurants like Salt & Fat!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/15/2013,7,138,8,8,4>Above rating for the food and only the food!Upon entrance.  The place is very spacious with beautiful and minimal decor. There is one desk upfront,  one in the middle and one at the end. You would think that at least one of these desks would hold a person.Right?nada. I actually had to grab a waiter and ask her about taking my order. She showed me her finger. No no, not that one the universal give me a minute sign.  W/o looking at me. Ok. I have gotten so used to bad service at Chinese restaurants that I didnt even blink. Fine.A couple behind me were waiting to sit also. We looked at each other and shrugged.I, at last ordered Singaporean chow mee fun with curryI was told to go to the middle table to pay. No one there. Is she invisible?  Vertically challenged?I waited at the table while I am guessing the cashier chatted away with someone. The men behind me sitting at a table were grumbling about the horrible service. Agree. I received my order 15 mins. later and ran to my doctors appointment which is where I ate because I was starving. It was good. With an aftertaste  that I didnt like but pretty good portion size for $8 something. I will probably go again but with a friend so we can curse together.......or maybe stick to carryout and eat in peace at home. Yes better. No wonder they dont do deliveries....
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/14/2013,10,41,9,13,12>I am so glad this restaurant exists and deliver to my place. I have ordered from them 3 or 4 times since I moved to Bushwick recently and I plan to continue doing it as long as the food stays this delicious.I have placed all my orders through Seamless and they usually take around an hour to get here. The food is always warm and smells oh so good! I love the fact that they have so many vegetarian options.I really like the vegetable momo from the Nepalese menu. They are steamed spicy vegetable dumplings that come with a carrot sauce... highly recommended. Other things I have tried and like are the baingan bartha, bindhi massala and aloo sag. The vegetables always taste fresh and not greasy. The samosas are also very good, full of flavour and spices.They have a big bread selection which is pretty good too. I have tried the regular naan, aloo paratha and roti. My cat Gupta agrees with me as she always tries to steal little pieces of naan here and there.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,5/13/2013,406,1092,4,6,7>Barosa is truly a hidden gem with affordable Italian pastas and pizza in the Forest Hills area. There are two locations, the main dining hall area with full service bar, plenty of seating, and a narrow corridor filled with tables and sliding glass panels that open to the outdoors. Adjacent to the main dining hall is where the pizzeria is, small and narrow, with 5-6 tables, and a small bar area seating 6-7 persons. Although not all pastas are included at the pizzeria establishment for those that are, prices are slightly cheaper by about $1.00.As is traditional at most, if not all Italian restaurants is a complimentary bread basket. This is not your ordinary bread. They are more like fresh out of the oven garlic knots. Warm to the touch and to melt the butter. YumIf you come here, you have to try their signature dishes, denoted with their logo beside select dishes. Their Rigatoni Barosa ($14.95) which is rigatoni with broccoli rabe, sausage & hot cherry peppers is a tasty dish for those looking to get their palates jumping. The butteriness of the pasta complimented with the bitterness of the broccoli rabe, and saltiness of the sausage makes for an already stellar dish. But add the hot cherry peppers, which are very sour, gets my tastebuds jumping every time. The dish errs to the ever so slightly side of greasy from the oil, but its a minor nuisance for one very enjoyable dish.The Penne alla vodka (11.95), made in light pink vodka cream sauce, is another delicious dish. Heavy cream is obviously used, and as is expected, but it didn't feel heavy at all. The sauce was thick and creamy and clung onto the penne nicely and full-flavored. It's one of the best that I've had in a while. In the restaurant location, this same dish goes for $13.95, with the addition of prosciutto, but I really didn't feel the need to add a salty component to it.With their recent complete renovations last week, I will definitely have to bring some friends along for some yummy Italian. This is one place not to miss.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,5/12/2013,23,62,5,7,7>I dragged my half-Filipino friend all the way over here from the other side of Queens on a rainy day last September. This was my first time in a Filipino restaurant, so I was psyched. The waitress was super friendly. When my friend spoke to her in Tagalog, she was surprised and responded in Tagalog and then asked me if I'm Filipino too - lol (I'm desi). Really wonderful woman. Anyway, so I ordered the Ginataang Hipon and Sago At Gulaman. I absolutely LOVED the Ginataang Hipon, but I could definitely do without the Sago At Gulaman next time around....it tasted like licorice (and I hate licorice). My friend had the Lumpia Shanghai and Pancit Bami. We each had a taste of the others dish, and I got to admit, the lumpia and pancit were pretty nice too. Man, I wish I had more room to order more food! Fantastic food and really REALLY friendly service! I will definitely return :)
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,5/11/2013,7,50,4,5,4>Hado Sushi consistently provides the BEST sushi experience ever to be had.After my first time here, I spent EVERY single day until the following week (when I returned, which I do EVERY weekend now) reminiscing about their sushi/sashimi creations. The fish is very fresh, the presentation is polished, and the sushi is sublime.  The culinary experience is divine.  The restaurant's atmosphere is intimate, perfect for a date or a small group, but fun, my girl and I like the House/Electronica.  When the sushi is this good, it makes you want to get up and dance!Props to Alex, our very genuine and gracious host who has made a number of excellent recommendations, most memorably the spicy tuna dumplings and King Salmon sashimi.  I recommend the Briarwood & Mr. T rolls.Do not hesitate... This experience is worth inter-borough travel.Briarwood is on the map.See you there tonight!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/10/2013,77,111,4,10,6>my boyfriend and i were blown away by the outstanding food and servicethat Ornella has to offer. we arrived on christmas day, with barely ANY restaurants open,astoria was so quiet, but Ornella's doors were open, and welcomedus with open arms to say the least. we ordered a bunch of plates, starting with the grilled calamari and a plate that consisted of a delicious creamy burrata, over greens and pork. they were both fullof flavor and we were excited to see what was next.we ordered the imbustata as a mid course, and i have to say that it was oneof the most DELICIOUS dishes i have ever had in my entire life.... and i eat a lot of food. i am thinking of that plate of pasta now still... weeks later.for our entrees i ordered the short ribs over gnocchi, and my boyfriend orderedthe stuffed pork chop. my short ribs were, falling off the bone-tender. and thegnocchi, made in house, were like delicious fluffy pillows in my mouth.my ONLY little bit of criticism i have for the restaurant was my boyfriends pork dish.it is always hard to keep a meat still juicy and tender when it is stuffed, and i haveto admit that his plate was a little on the dry side.but... every single thing we tasted was phenomenal, and the service we weregiven by the owner who is so so sweet, made our dinner so worthwhile andwe cannot WAIT to come back!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,5/9/2013,509,142,6,9,10>I've been coming here for over ten years now and here's the breakdown:Likes:1. 100% authentic Malaysian food that's to die for!! 2. I highly recommend their roti canai, salty fish fried rice, Malay sauce lady fingers, and hainanese chicken. The red sauce that comes with the chicken is so good!3. Prices are cheap. Dislikes: 1.The restaurant is a bit small and it's not the cleanest. 2. Don't expect good service.The staff is rude, inattentive and unfriendly. This is why I'm not giving it 4 stars instead of 5. Tips: 1.There's no parking lot. Street or municipal parking only. 2.They do not accept credit cards.3. If you come on the weekend, be prepare to wait 1 hour to be seated.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/8/2013,102,568,7,12,11>Revisited after almost 2 years.. Finally got a chance to really explore the menu.. I fell right in love with their...~Hong Kong Style MILKTEAStrong, rich, BITTER.  I love it.  Simply the best here because the milktea has all 3 of the characteristics.~Hong Kong Style French Toast with Peanut Butter FillingThis is the closest french toast taste compared to the one I had in Hong Kong!  I am for real.  So far from all of the places I've had french toast, only this place has a french toast with actual warm melted peanut butter filling!  I just love French Toasts, especially ones in Hong Kong style!~Stir Fried Udon with black pepper beef/chickenStir fried beautifully.  Good combination of ingridients and spicys.  The smell of the food is great and the taste is even better!~Fried Pig IntestineI normally do not eat pig intestine but this one was to die for after one bite!  Extra cripsy and tasty.  Again, I've had it in Hong Kong and this dish is also comparable to the pig intestine I've had in Hong Kong.~Garlic Fried Chicken WingsDelicious.  Crispy and crunchy chicken skin on the outside and tender meat in the inside.  Note: I was kindly reminded by the waitress that this dish comes with some fries.~Shark Fin SoupExcellent and flavorful.  Add some red vinegar and you have an amazing soup.  Drink it before your entree, during your entree, or after your entree.  YUM!Thanks Manna Cafe!  Dining here leaves me with a satisfied tummy and a rhetorical question.. Am I back in Hong Kong?  This is now my new go-to place for Hong Kong Style food in Queens.  Oh how I miss Hong Kong dearly!!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,5/6/2013,2398,639,23,8,11>One day I was on an EPIC adventure with a friend who was in town for the weekend.  We were trying to start our adventure at a bar in Queens.  We went to Sunnyside, and went in every bar we saw on Yelp.  Each bar was a failure.  Often we walked in, and walked out.  Nothing to see there...In one bar, we stopped to see the end of the Knicks game.  These dudes were yelling and screaming and telling us the Knicks were going to lose.  They did not.  There were these girls there.  They were regulars.  They wanted no part of said dudes.  But they were cool and talked to us.  We told them we were looking for somewhere with music to chill that night.  One of the girls told us a story.  She said, "there is a place nearby called Sean Og.  It is a cool place and we like to go there.  Tonight is not their best night, but there should be music.  But be careful."  Careful?Then she told us that there are often a lot of Tibetans and sometimes, they get drunk and want to fight.  The story got crazier and crazier as we she told us of these crazy fights she would have with Tibetans.  She insisted that there were just some random people that would be rude and she would end up arguing and that they would be in these epic battles with a growing population of aggressors.  Males and females.So we asked - "Then why the hell do you keep going there?"Answer: "Because, Sean Og is awesome.  That's our spot..."These stories were so crazy, that we had to go to Sean Og.  We paid, and we left.  We walked straight to Sean Og.There was hip hop playing, there weren't many people but it was a beautiful bar and the vibe was nice, as was the bartender.  We were treated nicely, people were pretty awesome and we were happy chilling at Sean Og for the rest of the night.  We got comfortable.Despite the amazing stories we heard, the place was not full of Tibetans...Unfortunately, there was not a Tibetan in sight... ....Yet....As the night went on, people started to fill Sean Og.  Then, like the epic bar story fairy waived her wand, Tibetan women started to fill Sean Og.   Not 5.  Not 10.  At least 40.  It was kind of crazy.  Douche bags wandered in and tried to talk to them.  They usually got shut down.  It was like a great people watching event.  People danced.  The place was very ethnically diverse, but true indeed, there were lots of Tibetans. Noticeably, one of the Tibetan women was not a woman.  The poor dude that danced with that particular person had not gotten the memo...he kept saying "that chick is tall..." as he ordered more drinks...But I saw not a single fight.  People were nice.  It was great.  Everyone was happy, even the guy with the "tall chick" on the dance floor!And Sean Og Tavern was awesome.  It was worth the trip.Note: Initially I mistakenly recalled that the women were from Cambodia, for reasons unbeknownst to me.  I wrote my initial review using Cambodia.  Later, I received a message stating that the people were from Tibet and remembered that to be true.  I have updated my review accordingly.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,5/5/2013,26,140,4,10,8>It has been awhile since I have been here, but I would love to make Austin's my go-to spot for a fun time when I am not trying to venture to the city.  I came here for brunch and helped myself to their unlimited mimosa brunch.The drinks? They could have been slightly stronger, given the fact that they served them in diner style soda glasses or pints at a bar.  I was surprised to not see a champagne type glass.  But I don't care what type of glass I get, I just want a strong drink.  I was feelin good when I walked out, but Austin's could step it up slightly.  The food? Well they do serve a cup of fresh fruit per person in the beginning as well as a basket of some bagels/muffins.  The bagels were cut in quarters and I am 95% sure they came from Baker's Dozen across the street.  Supporting the local businesses and selecting from a great place def earns Austin's major points here.  I ordered the steak and eggs and the my entree came out within 15 minutes.  The steak was cooked to order perfectly and the eggs were too.  There was so much food with the potatoes included that I could not finish it all.The server was very attentive and kept our drinks filled within minutes of them being empty.  I was impressed with Austin's overall for brunch and see myself being here again in the future.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/10/2014,108,1039,10,16,12>It's been a long time coming with the opening of Jora and it's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  It provides a much needed assortment of cuisine and Peruvian at that!Walked by here yesterday and noticed it was open so popped in.  Despite it being in the soft launch period, the service was friendly and the drinks and food were all super delicious.  I had the  grilled skirt steak and my buddy had the lamb shank and the meats were cooked perfectly and seasoned perfectly.  Their drinks were tasty and the piscojito I had was particularly refreshing.The simple signage outside is not representative of the decor inside, which is tastefully done and makes for both a cozy dining area as well as back bar area.I thought the food portions were generous and menu items were reasonably priced, I'm not sure what the vibe will be like as the pace picks up, but it looks like it's going to be a hit spot to hang out.Since it took the place of the Crossroads Diner, it has inherited the parking lot as well which is handy for anyone driving here.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/9/2014,545,1338,16,17,13>Come for the electrical outlets, distract yourself with the food and beverages!From the looks of things, Caffeine Fix wants you to stay. Each chair along the wall gets their very own charging station. Perfect for those who would rather go to a cafe and be on the internet and plugged in than socialize in real life. This is a good spot to kill some time, relax, and get some work done.I came for dessert and it was highly recommended by the Korean ladies on the street. I didn't understand what they were saying but I did understand the point method. They and the Yelp App led me to Caffeine Fix.There are a lot of drinks to choose from (non alcoholic). I thought it would be interesting to try a Shrek Oreo frappe but it was really Shrek (green tea) or Oreo to choose from. I chose Oreo. It was well blended, thick, and rich. I swear they must have put a whole pack of Oreo cookies in the blender.We got the Pat Bing Soo with red bean ice cream and the Very Berry Belgian Waffle with green tea ice cream and Nutella for dessert to share. The desserts take awhile to be assembled. The drinks will buy you some time and once you get your first dessert you will see that you will need some time to work on it and then recover. The desserts are not small. If you share, its ideal because in the end each person will only pay about $5 (two desserts for four people). I've got my eye on the ice melon for next time.The hot caffeine drinks were surprisingly good. The Misugaru Latte is strong but with a very distinct and unique tasty flavor. It's a toasted tea and really nice. I'd pick that over the cold frappes.Caffeine Fix is far and out of the way if you don't live in the area. I recommend it after Korean bbq in Murray Hill.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,10/8/2014,106,721,5,11,5>Talking a walk through Astoria on a Sunday night and the girl and I stumble upon this little gem that apparently just opened on 6/27.  Near closing time we walked in there were still a few pastries remaining at the counter and some bread in the baskets in the background.  The owner was inviting and staring at that almond croissant, it was calling my name and I just had to have it.  Never mind that I already had my dinner, but what the hell...my inner fatty won.Since it was closing time the owner offered some additional pastries to take with and of course, who can say no to more pastries!  She threw in a few extra cinnamon rolls and called it a day.  Upon leaving the store, I had to immediately eat everything to try it out.  The cinnamon rolls are good, it's not your typical american style slathered in that white frosting but nicely sweetened and the dough was tender yet provided enough bite.  It certainly wasn't the soft kind that you would get from one of those Pilsbury tubes.  The almond croissant was equally good, it had a nice crust on the outside and it was soft and flakey on the inside.  It wasn't one of those croissants overflowing with goo on the inside but just a nice crust on the outer layer.  Lightly sweetened and a great nutty flavor.The cafe area has limited seating but it would be a nice place to come in on the weekend, have a coffee and eat a pastry and be on my way.  Since they label themselves as a boulangerie and patisserie, I'll have to come back and try more items.  If their bread is as good as the pastries this could be one of my go to spots for baked goods in Astoria.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/7/2014,60,84,11,15,12>I'm a avid fan of Flushing, Queens...This was my first time visiting Picnic Garden which also happened to be my 1st Yelp Event.I've had Korean BBQ before, but the magnitude of this place in terms of great food, spaciousness, and a overall very cool venue surpassed my expectations. We sat at a communal type table, there was a feast of various meats (pork, chicken, beef, fish, squid etc.) being charred on the embedded flame pits.I was overwhelmed with FOOD!Missed out on some sauces, veggies and rices but I'll formulate my plan of attack per next visit.Action:Meats were cooked in intervals and the server would periodically visit to assist with the changing of grills and carving of meats.This was my 1st time drinking Soju & I'm not a big drinker. Soju was the exception, just enough alcohol to relax everyone and open our appetites.Verdict:Perfect for group gatherings.The ventilation could be a little better, but if you don't mind smelling like KBBQ, no worries!I luv this place...
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/6/2014,54,95,11,12,8>Welp, you've done it Forest Hills.. You made a hip delicious trendy pub style happen so now you too can be served brewskies by hipster bearded men and waited on by great lookin' tattooed ladies. Watch out Williamsburg! This place will ridiculously inform you on every single damn beer they serve. The screens are lit up like you're at JFK waiting for your sweetie who only told you they're flying in from Europe... The cocktails are priced like entrees but they come so beautifully crafted I can't help but think if I asked for the bartender would they correct me and demand I call them Mixologists? I kinda wouldn't mind. The food is so goooood I almost couldn't stop eating. I mean if it wasn't for the weird "you aren't full yet" faces I'd have to meet I probably would have kept going! Thanks friends! The shaming saved me the extra pounds.. I hate to love this place I may be back to try their snickers dessert... yummmmm.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,10/5/2014,311,812,9,10,9>I came here on a double date expecting an excellent view and not much else.  My expectations were blown away.  I'm not sure why the other reviews are so negative--it was overall a wonderful experience.  Our peppy waitress made suggestions to us of her favorite foods and led us to try the tasty bite-sized arepas topped with beef short rib as an appetizer.  I ordered the grilled chicken "a la plancha" as my entree after seeing a woman at the next table enjoying it.  I had it with salad as she did and was very impressed with how flavorful and succulent the meat was.  We ended up sampling each others' dinners and all were impressed with the Latin fusion cuisine.  The view of the waterfront and Manhattan skyline only grew more beautiful as the evening progressed, and the ambience and overall vibe was sophisticated.  I was recovering from a monster-cold at the time so I did not get to try the drinks but I have heard only raves about the sangria and cocktails.  I am looking forward to returning and trying them!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/4/2014,202,251,6,10,9>Normally I am not a fan of Thai food and this just for the food would probably only get 4 stars from me BUT location location location. In the immediate vicinity of this restaurant, there's only fast foods like applebees, subways, panera bread and starbucks which was what i lived off of for lunch everyday. with the exception of that extra block to arepas cafe for amazing food, but now MAMU THAI opened right here and its perfect. FINALLY, decent lunch.Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mow) with chicken $9.50One order of spring rolls $4.50Thai Iced Tea $3.00Over all, I have to say the food is a little bit on the pricey side but then again its good hot food in the rareness that is this area. The drunken noodles have a light spicy kick which pairs amazingly with the thai iced tea. And the spring rolls are crisp and fresh. Although, i could use extra filling in my spring rolls (@TINATRAN spoils me with homemade ones) but these have really fresh ingredients. And that sauce that goes with the spring rolls. HOLY MOLY i love it!!!Find me here for lunch!Updating... just tried the thai iced coffee $3.00 its really strong and good, but a little too very sweet for my taste.  Chicken Pad Kra Prao, $9.50 DO IT! it's amazingly strong flavors still linger in my mouth, a good rice option.. Fried Wontons are $5.50 and is by far the best fried wontons ever!! Must order the fried wontons, the shell is so crispy and thin and the meaty flavors is filling, definitely tasting it all and not just dough like those other spots.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,10/3/2014,101,229,7,7,7>The bottom line with Arepas Grill: awesome flavor and ample portions all for a reasonable price.   This place has us hooked.  If you're looking for good empanadas, arepas, or anything of the sort then look no further than Arepas Grill.We've ordered from here for parties (mostly mini-empanadas), but I've personally tried their arepas as well having gone here with my family for dinner.  The food is very flavorful and the prices are good especially given the portion.The service here was also really good.  Not only were the waitstaff friendly and attentive when we ate here, but they also took good care of us when we made large orders for a party.I'm not one for decor (read: I like to inhale food), but the venue is clean, open, and friendly.You should definitely visit Arepas grill if you're in the area.  It's a long walk to the other empanadas places, so what are you waiting for?
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/2/2014,133,62,18,20,21>It is agreed that every neighborhood needs a local watering hole, a gathering of locals and drunks and occasional newbees. That is what the old Donovans used to be and I really enjoyed it.  The neighborhood people used to be there as often as possible,  and whenever you went there you could always rely on a certain faction of them be there no matter what time of day it was. Its noon somewhere as the saying goes.  A few years ago it was taken over by new management. It lost a lot of old customers and was met with a certain resistance.  However, I am still drawn to it because you cannot, no matter hard you try, find better burgers anywhere else. The food is awesome pub food, and their specials are nice. The Guinness on tap is always smooth. The new owners completely renovated it and you know what  I discoverd?  Its actually nice to be able to see what you are eating! It has a spacious old world touch of class with accents in dark rich wood, open and airy feeling, tile floors,  tin ceiling. Its a wonderful place to end a long day or eat at for Sunday brunch. I have had  gatherings here with various friends and relatives on a Sunday.  The selection of  awesome; omelets, ham, bacon and sausage or for the non-meat eater you have salmon, which is smoked and delightful, pancakes, of course.  It is a classic. In short, out with the old, in with the new.  Same advice goes double for ex's. LOL.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/1/2014,111,198,6,10,7>Martha is a sweetheart with beautiful skin. She really takes a lot of time and care with every step in the facial process, I think I was there for almost 2 hours (I got the works!). Definitely try to go Mon-Weds, she has reduced pricing and check-in on Yelp, and her normal pricing is already very competitive.Her products are all organic and are from Colombia, I tried finding on Amazon and it wasn't happening... they're pretty exclusive! I bought the aloe face cream from her because I loved it so much. But literally with each application, you can smell the ingredients: melon, coffee, lavender, etc.I hope she can get her own place soon (she's renting a space in a salon), because you can faintly hear the top 40 radio music and heels on the floor outside when she's trying to create a relaxing experience inside with spa music and lights out. It is still very relaxing and soothing.This was my 2nd facial and really helped my skin start to improve after this super harsh winter we had.. my skin has certainly been suffering. It took a couple of days after her extractions to clear up but was worth it. I will definitely be back.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,7/12/2014,178,209,7,9,6>You walk into this place and you're immediately transported by into another time.  The place is cozy, rustic, romantic - everything you'd want from a restaurant that serves such delicious food.  Usually for delicious food, I'm stuck going into the city, but all this has changed since my trip to Mar's (hehe. see what I did there?) We started with the oysters.  They have a decent selection of east coast oysters.  Wish I remembered the ones I really liked but I always forget the names.Next we split the root salad.  It was such a refreshing yet filling salad.  Then on to the entrees.  We split the lobster roll and the braised beef short ribs.  The lobster roll had a decent amount of lobster meat and the combination of watercress, green apples and whatever their rendition of mayo is brought the most amazing flavor combo I've ever had with lobster.  Who knew lobster and apples could marry so well?  Ok, foodies.  That's a rhetorical question.  I'm sure this has been going on for ages but it's the first I've tried it so thanks to Mar's for introducing me to this.The braised beef short ribs were so friggin good!  I'm not usually a red meat person but every bite just melted in your mouth.  Couple that with the polenta and brussel sprouts and we couldn't even finish the plate.  It was so decadent and filling.Mar's, I'm in love.  I wish I'd taken photos of all the food but as I was on a first date, I didn't want to creep the guy out.  I'll be back though, camera ready and hoping to try their brunch and happy hour oyster special.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/11/2014,5,20,9,39,13>This is an updated review that I believe the new management in charge of Spa Castle deserve. I spoke with one of the employees and he confirmed my suspicions, that earlier this year new management took over. First, come early. My wife and I always come early and it pays off. Having the baths to yourself or only sharing with a few people is a nice experience, and very relaxing if you are like me and treat the bathing process like a ritual. We no longer drive here, but instead take a taxi from flushing, which is a non issue in the early morning. To reiterate, come early.Second, they have overhauled the staff to the way it was a couple years back. Huge improvement, much kinder. Third, and I am sure some of you will disagree with this, I am glad they brought the drinks back, and reduced the alcohol content. I like to share a Miami vice with my wife, it is just part of our relaxation process. We don't like to drink a lot but it is nice to have a little something. Fourth, it is cleaner, but that has never really been an issue in my opinion, but I have never seen any issues with the pools, baths, or floors, and most people are polite.I cannot fault spa castle for the actions of the patrons, but sometimes you just can't get away from people being jackasses. I am thankful that the staff enforces the rules that keeps the place clean, like no bathing suits in the first floor baths and no outside footwear anywhere in the building. It seems to me some of the especially negative reviews come from people who it seems never even came here. I am being honest and forthright about my experience, and I hope this review lends an insight to what this place is actually like now that it has turned around for the better.Also, please don't complain about the no outside footwear, it is to keep the floors clean. Your sandals and flip flops have things you don't even want to think about on them from the filthy streets and sidewalks. Plus you are supposed to bathe and clean yourself before going upstairs. Anyway, I hope this sheds light on the improved spa castle experience!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/10/2014,102,494,5,7,8>Damn. This was just excellent and Thai food is generally not my preferred cuisine. My fiancee loves Thai food though, so I suggested we check this out since it's down the block from our apt, and I'm glad I did!FOOD: we split several app's to start (vegetable dumplings, curry puffs), and each ordered our own entree. The dumplings were fantastic, and unlike most appetizers, there were more than enough for us to actually share them. Same story with the curry puffs. I ordered the pork chops, and she got a more traditional Thai dish that I can't remember the name of but it was both delicious and spicy. My pork shops were cooked pretty well despite being pretty thin. Simply put, we ate and ate, and boy did we love every moment of it.DRINKS: they have a pretty typical line of cocktails, wines, and beer. We both opted for a beer with our dinner, and Enthaice featured brews from both local vendors as well as some more well-known regional and national breweries.PRICES: we ate an obscene amount of food, and both had one beer each, yet the total was far less than I thought it would be. So not only is the food excellent, it's seriously affordable making this a prime location to pick up a take out order from on the way home.SERVICE: they are extremely friendly and efficient. There are a number of servers and busboys on the floor at any given time (which makes it kinda difficult to get by them on the way to the restroom, but NBD on that one). Whatever works so long as the service is as friendly and fast as I experienced on a Friday night.In a nutshell, get here earlier rather than later because there was definitely a wait when we got up and left. I think we came in around 6:00 or 7:00 pm, and stayed for about an hour. Despite the people waiting, I didn't feel like they were trying to rush me out in order to turn the table. I very much appreciate that. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/9/2014,138,159,6,8,7>A dive bar that transforms into a lively nightclub/ burlesque show.Cheap Shots has a winning formula. I came here about 8 pm, had a few drinks and left. And based on the experience I thought "cool dive with cheap drinks". After doing some bar hopping/eating in park slope my friend and I decided to return to cheap shots. Upon returning I found myself in not a bar, but a small yet vibrant nightclub.Let me sum it up concisely, this place has cheap drinks (hence the name), great music and gorgeous models in tight clothing as bartenders. As if this wasn't enough, at the end of the night their sexy bar staff stands on the bar and gives a twerk tease.. Think urban "Coyote Ugly". After that my night was complete and it was certain that I'd  be returning to Cheap Shots.I give this establishment 5 stars Because it over delivered on my expectations. I expected a place to get a cheap drink and got so much more.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/8/2014,364,373,8,12,8>Milkflower is a great place to enjoy some appetizers, pizza and wine. Restaurant has that refurbish look with brick walls (very 80's), distress wood, mix match chairs, overall a well designed space. Music cool and a small backyard for outside seating. Great place to chill.My purpose last night was to have dinner and some wine, but at $75 for a meatball app, a spicy soppressata pizza and a bottle of Malbec it was a little pricey. Maybe I am getting old. I grew up with coffee at 50 cents, gas at 50 cents and subway rides at 50 cents. I wonder, did I have dinner with wine or wine with snacks.  Now the important stuff, the food. The meatball app seems to be a big seller here. Every other table had an order. It was a delicious mixture of soft tasty meatballs with marinara sauce top with shredded Parmesan. It was slightly salty due to the cheese, but the mixture of beef and cheese exploded with flavor. Three pieces at $9 with one small slice of bread; com'on man. Lay out a few more bread slices, guys. The sauce was awesome.The spicy soppressata pizza was delicious. Soft, light, easy to eat and by this I mean the pie was more of the personal size. I could have easily finish my spicy soppressata pizza by my self. The soppressata was crispy, which I like, but not very spicy. Overall, a high quality pizza that was perfectly cooked. At $16, the price of an entree.Malbec wine at $32 was good value for a red table wine. Complimented the full flavors of the food. Nice wine service.Service outstanding. Some of the best service ever. Checked back after every course. Busboy exchange a spotty plate without asking. Table was serviced a couple of times. Five star service across the board. Server M on Tuesday 03.18 you did a great job.Credit Cards accepted, but no AMEX. Bummer; no reward points.Tip: don't get the last table by the back wall. Cold with a breeze. Ownership needs to address this. While my wife and I decided not to move; this issue should be fixed. Also, if you sit in the back area and face the kitchen; you will be blinded by the light in the kitchen. Very annoying.Overall, I have mixed feelings about this place. If I was going for a bottle of wine and enjoy some food; great value. Going for dinner, Milkflower is pricey for pizza. Like I said, I was still hungry and at $75, oh well. I know this is a quality product and not your dollar slice, but pizza is one of those food groups that is inexpensive and filling. I guess I am paying for that hipster ambiance. Remember coffee was 50 cents before Starbucks. I will certainly go back, but not when I am hungry. Maybe.....
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,7/7/2014,65,129,13,21,11>I spent 2 years in culinary school. I've eaten at every "Famous" bakery in NYC. I've spent more than I care to admit on fancy plated desserts in fine dining establishments all over Manhattan.Not one of those places can hold a candle to the perfect Napoleon slice I had at Cannelle. I had never heard of this spot. A French bakery in my own home borough of Queens?! Renowned?  Classically authentic? Affordable? Wait.....it's where?! Did you say a strip mall? I was VERY skeptical and a huge pastry snob as my friend drove into the parking lot. I didn't even spot the bakery as she was parking right in front of it. I was suggesting that maybe it closed down and we should go elsewhere for our sugar fix. But, there it was sandwiched between two other shops, and when we stepped inside, imagine my surprise to see a line wrapping around the store!I only had to glance at the display case to realize that this was the real deal. The puff pastry on the Napoleons were crispy, brown, and slightly uneven- a clear indication that they made it themselves and didn't buy it from a freezer in a wholesale distributor. The mousses, the cakes, the breads.....WOW! I could wax poetic on the perfection of their execution, but this is a review site, not a fallback for wanna-be-writers.Let me explain why the Napoleon is always my benchmark of whether or not a bakery is any good. It's one of the first classic desserts I learned to make in culinary school and it is a labor of love. Making puff pastry from scratch is a long, arduous process that involves lots of flour, butter, a rolling pin and arms of steel. There is pounding involved, and precise folding and measurements....It's not for the faint of heart. REAL pastry cream is the same way. You don't just throw a bunch of ingredients into a Kitchen Aide and flip a switch. There is stove top cooking involved with constant stirring, and if you take your attention away for ONE second, your pastry cream is a burned mess. Many bakeries skip all these steps and buy frozen puff pastry, or prepared pastry cream (aka- vanilla pudding), or worse- use whipped cream, which should NEVER be acceptable. I wish I had taken home a box of treats. The line was just so long, but to their credit, they kept it moving and it was fairly organized despite the number of people there. My friend's slice of chocolate mousse cake was rich and decadent without being overly sweet. This location is NOT near any subway station and I didn't spot any bus stops anywhere nearby. It's smack in the middle of a residential area and you would be hard pressed to get there without a car. However, I did read that they are opening a Long Island City location soon, and I CANNOT wait for that!! If you have not experienced the pastry perfection that is Cannelle Patisserie, you are missing out on one of Queen's bests hidden gems.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/6/2014,127,176,9,8,7>Very excited for another new restaurant in Ridgewood. This time it's bar-b-que.Once we walked in we were greeted by the GM, which was pretty cool and then quickly seated.I noticed the nice interior immediately. They have cool salt and pepper light bulbs shakers, and other fancy lighting hanging from the ceiling. Although there are lots of lights, its not too light or too dark so don't be worried.Our waitress was friendly, although it was the first day and we didn't expect her to know the menu, she knew a lot and it helped us decide on our food to order. The GM also gave us his opinion which was the Pulled Pork and that was very moist and tasty. The food came out very quickly. We ordered the Cheese Boat which was amazing. I am very critical about my mozzarella sticks and this was by far some of the best mozzarella sticks I've had. I was very happy about those.For the main dish we had the pulled pork, turkey, and Brisket. The pulled pork was by far my favorite, followed by the brisket and the turkey. I've never been a fan of brisket but it wasn't bad so that speaks wonders. The turkey was a tad bit flavorless for my taste and the pulled pork takes the cake.  The pulled pork was very good, and I could see myself going back to get the pulled pork hash for breakfast which the GM mentioned with eggs over easy. For the sides we had mac and cheese, along with smashed potatoes. The mac and cheese was kinda of cold which was disappointing because when it came out I was shocked to see it was baked? could of been baked? I don't know. Also I don't know if it was because we were taking photos for yelp... but, who knows. The smashed potatoes were regular.  For dessert we had the chocolate chip cookies, which came out warm with a glass of milk. Once we heard all the desserts came from Norma's which is a local cafe in Ridgewood we knew we had to go for it. They also have Brownies which we will be trying next time for sure. Some other cool things they did here was sing happy birthday for a guest, which was very different but cool and exciting. It was like a military cheer. Once our meal was over It took a bit long for our waitress to check on us for the final check, so we called her over for the write up, also our main dishes and sides came out mixed up (Carol received my food and her side, and I received her food but my side) which was fixed by us just switching plates, and sharing sides. All in all, I left very full and i'll be returning to Dish to try their other foods along with their other desserts. Really excited about Ridgewood and all the new fancy restaurants including the new bar-b-que joint... Dish!---I also went back last night and had the corn pudding which were really good.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/5/2014,60,84,14,16,12>An adventure in smells, sounds, tastes and tempers.You don't need to go to Canal St.'s Chinatown for some China-style bok-choy or bitter melon etc. just visit "New Golden" !Produce:The selection of produce here is impressive, the size of each piece of produce is MONSTROUS @ a great price.Creatures:Adhering to term FRESH. Just point to the creature afloat in the aquariums that is viciously staring at you.They will be killed/cleaned/wrapped in short order.Smells like BigTroubleInLittleChina.Some may interpret the employees as "mean", unless you realize they may not speak English. Also they are working very hard with menial pay mostly likely.Just chill & enjoy the culture.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/4/2014,111,198,7,11,7>I've literally been here 1 billion times since my first review, so an update is in order. This is my Greek husband's favorite place in Astoria with good reason. While Kyklades is a great seafood spot... there is no better place for octopus and a whole fish, than Telly's. Hands down, the freshest, most consistent fish I've had here or anywhere. The food overall is so simple and homey, it's like eating from a Greek grandmother's kitchen. Portions are big... I'd recommend picking your main dish, either a fish or meat (fish you can likely share), and get some sides/apps for the table to share and do it family style.SERVICE: Good, the owners are friendly.AMBIANCE: There are two sides, the side when you walk in which is uber casual and then the other side that is a little more formal. It's a very homey feel.FOOD:-Our favorite is to share a whole flounder, porgy, or tsipura. But I've probably had them all, and you can't go wrong with any of them (they have a huge selection usually). Whatever looks good. When you order a whole fish, up to you if you need it cleaned or not, they offer you the option. MUST: Ask for the Lemon Oil sauce with it... you pour it on with a little salt and pepper, and you're golden. It's the best.-The char-broiled meat has gotten much better, the lamb chops and chicken souvlaki are perfect. Highly recommended.-Sides/appetizers: +SPICY FETA DIP (get it with grilled pita to dip) - it's next level good. Do it.+TARAMOSALATA - it's described as a "fish roe" dip, it's pink and smooth in texture, It's tough to explain the taste, but let's put it this way: before I knew what was in it, I had no clue it was fish. It's amazing also on Pita.+LIMA BEANS - Forget what you know about lima beans, these aren't green squishy things you folded in your napkin as a kid to get past your mother. These are the real deal. They're white, in a tomato, dill sauce. So healthy and flavorful... everyone I force into trying this loves it.+GRILLED OCTOPUS - Said it before, I'll say it again, it's the best. Boom.+FRIES - perfect with oregano on top, yes.+LEMON POTATOES - also delicious, but I prefer the fries, because I then dip them in the spicy feta dip to say i'm not eating all the bread and being healthier, even though I have no proof of that.+GREEN SALAD - I don't like raw tomatoes which this excludes (yes I like Ketchup, do not ask me that.) This salad is my favorite, chopped romaine, dill, scallions, feta, olives, oil & vinegar. I could eat a large by myself. Get one for the table.+HALOUMI - It's grilled cheese, literally. It's a salty Cyprian cheese that you have to try. Chewy in texture.+SAGANAKI - I like cheese... this one is flambeed. Gooey and warm.+GREEK HOUSE WINE - I love the white, fairly dry, a little bit of sweetness but not too much at all.Now. Even if you have popped a pant button at this point... get ready for the free dessert that comes after: LOUKOUMADES (fried dough balls drenched in honey and cinnamon)... the only night they don't bring it is on Saturdays. If you like coffee, their Greek coffee is wonderful and they have some of the best LOUKOUMADES around.If you want an authentic Greek experience in Astoria, this will have to be very high on your list. I can't recommend it enough. Have fun rolling home.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/3/2014,28,134,7,9,7>Located on Queens Blvd, beside the 7 train, this little Irish tavern is an absolute gem. Here I was a Saturday evening, and suddenly the craving for chicken pot pie overwhelmed me. I began searching for the best chicken pot pie online and based on reviews, I landed at PJ Horgan's. This place is as authentic Irish as you can get, from the setup to the waitress to the bartender to the patrons to the menu, so on and so forth. My cravings and love for food caused me to order not only the chicken pot pie, but also the shepherd's pie. HOLY TOLEDO...these were the best freakin things i have encountered in a longgggg while. The chicken pot pie's crust was perfect. The inside was amazing. It was simply the best pot pie I have ever encountered. The shepherd's pie was just as good. The beef was tender, the gravy was amazing, the veggies were not overpowering, and the mashed potatoes topped it all off. I will give you a fair warning. Both the pies were piping hot when they came out and as a result I currently can't feel the roof of my mouth or my tongue. Totally worth it though and I'm not complaining. Lastly, the waitress was really nice and sent us home with a half of soda bread. I left a happy man and like mr. Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back!"
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/20/2014,186,102,3,7,7>My husband and I stopped here on Saturday, and I must say that we were pleased with everything!When we entered the restaurant, we were a little surprised that no one else was there. (It is the summer, so people do tend to leave for the weekends, and it was late for brunch--we were there around 2:00.) But, we were immediately greeted by out fantastic server, Greg. He brought us menus and water right away, and gave us some time to decide. We ordered their burger with bacon and fries, and three sides: apple chicken sausage, cheese grits, and kale with spiced pumpkin seeds. I am not joking when I say that EVERYTHING was delicious! I would absolutely go back for that burger. It was perfectly cooked, the bacon was cut thick, and the spicy sauce that the chef put on the side was great on the burger and with the fries. The grits were so creamy and cheesy. I couldn't get enough! And we loved the combination of kale and pumpkin seeds. Greg was super friendly, and we got our food quickly. We will definitely be going back again, and I highly recommend it to everyone!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/19/2014,47,10,15,15,14>What makes a difference between the hundreds of haircutting establishments throughout the city?  Well, here is why I believe "At the Buzzer" stands out. Nine times out of ten you walk into a conversation between everyone in the shop--it could be about sports, the economy, music, etc.  When or if when you add in your own feedback you never feel out of place or unwelcomed, which the staff makes sure of that.  There's this family vibe about the place.  The barbers really take to parents and their children.  I've seen numerous mothers/fathers bring in their troop to get haircuts--that could very well be because of the environment provided by the staff.  I've brought my teenage sons in for their cuts and they now just go on their own.Normally the shop maintains two barbers on any given day. They don't do or take appointments, they don't pick and choose their patrons and they don't rush you out the door; which I greatly appreciate.  In fact, they take their time to cut your hair and they never seem to have a problem touching up according to the desires of the customer.  The décor is simple and to the point; nothing much to the place.  If I had a complaint, it would be the long wooden bench that you'd sit, waiting your turn for a cut and its pretty uncomfortable.  They have TV's located in each corner of the shop and the owner has no problem putting anything on for the patron.  What motivated me to write a review about the buzzer? The simple fact that this shop has a modern feel to an old school barbershop tradition; I hope that it remains that way.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,11/18/2014,83,465,6,7,7>So glad I found this spot through Yelp!  Went there on a rainy Saturday afternoon with my cousin.  We didn't know how the system worked at first, but we are definitely prepared for the next time we go.  You basically seat yourself and someone will bring over menus and give you a few minutes to order.We both got Combo #2 which came with a taco, quesadilla, and a tostada.  I wanted to try everything when I saw the menu and this was a good choice for me.  You can choose different meats for each item.  I went with a steak taco, chicken quesadilla, and a mexican sausage tostada.The server told us where to get our sauces, condiments, etc.  I'm lazy.. so I kind of wish they had everything on the taco for me.  My favorite was the tostada with the crunchy tortilla.  The chicken was probably my favorite protein.Service was good, but our food seemed to take a little longer.  They had a lot of delivery orders going out.Sauces are good. My favorites are the creamy green one and the roasted chipotle one (spicy).  Would definitely come back or try delivery even though the reviews for delivery aren't that good.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,11/17/2014,593,1089,12,12,12>we've started coming here for food shopping as suffering through LIE traffic on summer Sundays is a pain (and thus minimizing our trips to the Bayside Waldbaums). overall, I'm a fan.it's huge and clean, with double-wide aisles big enough to make U-turns in. prices are reasonable with plenty of store-brand options in almost every aisle. great selections in meats, and an absurd amount of cheese.there's even a dedicated aisle for allergen-free, soy-free, gluten-free, organic, lactose-free, blah blah blah health buzzwords of the week.there's a Starbucks here too? yes, indeed.when they're working - sometimes the system is down - there's the price scanners which you use to scan your items as you place them in the cart, then simply check out and bag at the end. I haven't tried, as both times they've been down at this S&S, but I've tried it at other locations and it can save a little time.the dead end lane when you drive here coming from Union Turnpike (westbound) always gets me. don't take that immediate right, but go just beyond it.plenty of parking, and with the vast majority of it inside that's a bonus during inclement weather. in contrast, in Bayside there's only a few spots in a building that you still need to exit to go shopping. parking is free, thankfully.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,11/16/2014,1007,752,10,14,13>Wow, it has already been 5 years since I bought my Schwinn and two folding bikes from Spin City! Time has really gone by and Spin City has moved out of Forest Hills and into Rego Park. They're still on Queens Blvd, just on the opposite side. A lot has changed since. The new store looks great. The displays, floor room is a lot spacier than the old store. The owner Jimmy is just as I remembered. He's a really nice guy and great with customers. It was good seeing him today.Update on the bikes I purchased from Spin City 5 years ago.Schwinn Cutter - Still in good shape! I came in today to have my front tire fix. Rode through a puddle yesterday in Flushing Meadows Corona Park. The puddle was right by the ramp by one of the bridges over GCP. I just arrived at the park and this happened. It took almost an hour for me to walk home! The frame of the bike is a bit heavy and the original saddle had to go pronto. It's still a fun commuter and joy ride bike.Dahon Folding Bike #1 "Boardwalk" (Single Speed) - Still in excellent condition. The handlebar grips needs to be replaced. They can get a bit uncomfortable. The saddle has been replaced recently. I originally purchased this bike for my grandmother but she passed away from cancer shortly after I got it for her. Hopefully she's up there riding her bike joyfully through the clouds.Dahon Folding Bike #2 (With gears) - Completely busted and rusted. I originally bought this for my mother's birthday but she never rode it. So I took it to college briefly, didn't ride it much myself and decided to loan it to my roommate after I left. My roommate kept it outside, it sat through rain and snow. By the time my roommate returned my bike, it looked completely brown and disgusting. He tried brushing off some of the rust but it'll never look the same again. When I loaned this bike to my roommate, it was in pristine condition. It's now sitting in another friend's garage rotting away. Money well spent.....As for Spin City, they carry a variety of bikes. Mostly Specialized, Cannondale, Schwinn, GT, and a few bmx and children bikes. They sell a variety of bike accessories, clothing, helmets, and shoes. They also have some pretty great specials on their bike repairs/maintenance services. You could also rent bikes from Spin City.Verdict - If you're living in this region of Queens, Forest Hills, Rego Park, and Elmhurst. This is could be your go-to bike shop. The guys at Spin City are very knowledgeable, helpful, and guys like Jimmy are genuinely friendly and not trying to scam or hustle any customers into buying something they don't need. I'd be more than happy to come back to Spin City to purchase another bike in the near future. And another big reason I prefer coming to Spin City over other bike shops in this Queens region is because Spin City is really neighborhood friendly. Customer service is vital and whenever I go into Spokesman Cycles or other bike shops, I always feel neglected. I'm not a cycling fanatic like some of my relatives and friends but come on, a little customer service would be nice. Spin City Cycle offers that and that is a huge reason why if you live in this area, you should make this your designated bike shop for maintenance/repairs, questions or concerns, and purchases.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,11/15/2014,55,102,3,11,5>The Queens Museum recently opened an expanded space and it looks fantastic. The old galleries had an awkward shape. The panorama totally dominated everything, being so much bigger and taller than everything else, and the main galleries were just filling it out in a square. The exaggerated height and curved walls tapering into narrow corners were just completing the building, not serving the interests of displaying artwork. But the new galleries, in a former ice rink, are spacious and rectangular and very amenable to displaying all kinds of art. The NYC watershed map and tiffany glass collection (which always seemed like somewhat odd companions for the contemporary art that the museum usually shows) are still around but separated from the other exhibits in a more coherent fashion. Now there's a permanent display of memorabilia from the World's Fair, which maybe had been in the museum before, but I had never noticed it in the old configuration. The old, oddly shaped galleries are still in use, but the way movement flows into them from the central court feels elegant and now the variety of spaces that they contribute to spices up the experience of the museum visit. On my last visit a rounded wedge-shaped gallery featured works by Cuban artists, highlighting the diversity of artistic communities on display at QMA that you don't always find at the big NYC museums. Upstairs in the education area there was a small collection of unlabeled works--a project that encourages people to look at art without consideration of names, a gesture I appreciated. There was a denim jacket with punk stuff painted all over the back that held my interest for a while, and a painting that I'm pretty sure was made by Philip Guston (not that it matters).One of the exhibitions in the main space was the Queens International, a biennial exhibition featuring artists who live or work in Queens. There was a lot of good stuff here, and great variety. I won't go into detail about it but I remember one video piece with a hip hop soundtrack and a women shimmying around a kitchen in their underwear with hands duct-taped behind their backs that made my friend say "Art is the best!" The real highlight for me though was the exhibition "Peter Schumann: The Shatterer," which is about the activity of the Bread and Puppet theater, which has been doing performances and participating in activist demonstrations since the 1960s. There are larger-than-life paper-mache puppets, masks, books... It's so richly textured and full material - i felt like I would walk around, take a look from another perspective, and see a whole other layer of drawings and objects that I hadn't noticed before. From nonsense words and stories to grotesque body shapes, pointed renderings of expressive gestures and wistfully dashed-off ephemeral fragments, the two big galleries are packed floor to ceiling with details that are all worth stopping and pondering. It's up through March 30, 2014, and I would urge any art lover to check it out.All in all, the Queens Museum is great and keeps getting better. I feel proud to live in its borough.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,11/14/2014,315,250,14,15,16>Mini split Air conditioning systems are a wonderful addition to any home, but when they start to malfunction good luck in trying to find people competent enough to service and troubleshoot your system.When my mini split system was originally installed a few years ago. It never operated properly from day one. I should have contacted RichAir to do my install, but I was "a penny wise and a pound foolish" and had my friend who knew a friend who did my installation, bad move on my part!Unfortunately, there are many installers out there who are just that, installers only. During the last few years I had my share of HVAC techs who could not properly diagnose and fix the problems I was having with my system, they just went through the motions of charging and discharging the "freon" (R410a refrigerant)I was so frustrated and decided to give RichAir a shot. These guys were great! No, they're not cheap, but the technicians are factory trained and worked with the technical support department of the mini split manufacturer to fix the problem. A Big Thank you goes out to Kassim for diagnosing the problem, orderering the parts and installing it a few days later.The system is working like a champ now. It only took a few years to get it right though, that's on me for waiting!  If you want to get it done right the 1st time. Give RichAir a call, these guys are great and worth every penny!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,11/13/2014,225,493,9,11,11>It's back, it's back, it's back!It's great to have Tazzina back up and running and the new location looks marvelous.  It's dark and sexy and on a Wednesday night it was at capacity.  It was pretty loud in there and our corner table, was pretty close to our neighbors, so much so that the waiter had to stand behind me to take orders and reach over me to place items on the table...in that respect not so great.  But looked like it was an issue with this particular table.  The rest of it made it all OK.  The staff is professional, respectful and good at what they do.The wine list has been greatly improved and has a lot of nice options, not to mention the new cocktail menu.  The menu has also expanded, but still has the old favorites from the previous location.  I have my loves from the menu, so I just couldn't pass them all up.  The Truffled Gnocchi was just as delicious as ever with an updated presentation.  The Braised Short Ribs continue to be sublime served over a lovely polenta.We did in fact try some new items.  The Char Grilled Octopus is served over green olives and thinly sliced potatoes and the dish has a punch of spice, it was tender with a perfect char flavor.  The Porcini Crusted Steak was A-mazing.  It was cooked perfectly with a wonderful savory and exquisite flavor.  It was served with potatoes and an awesome rendition of creamed spinach.  This was a fantastic dish that put some steakhouses to shame.After reading how my fellow Yelpers loved the coffee and donuts we went in knowing that's what we wanted.  "So sorry, but that's the one item we do not have tonight", says our waiter.  Say what?!  We were pretty disappointed, so we opted for the Ricotta Fritters and guess what, we had no reason to be disappointed, because they were outstanding.  Crispy, light and tender fritters, dusted lightly with powdered sugar and served with a deep chocolate ganache and raspberry sauce for dipping...it was all just heavenly.Tazzina is back stronger than ever and showing Metroplaiton Avenue how it's done.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/12/2014,104,98,8,11,12>So you are walking home from work tired and the last thing in the worllllddd you want to do is cook dinner. Good thing I have King of Falafel less than a block away from my house. It's located right outside of C-Town grocery store and is now a giant green food truck with the words "yeahhh babbyyyy" written on the front. Don't let that scare you. This place is absolutely fantastic and has quality food for the price. 7 bucks will get you a huge pile of delicious food they will most likely last you two meals. The guys usually give you a free falafel (so good) while you wait in line. Sometimes the line can get a bit long, but trust me, it's worth the wait. Great food great and friendly customer service.. What more could you want in a corner food truck? This place is my go to when I'm feeling lazy and am craving something delicious. Get the chicken bowl.. Mmmm
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,11/11/2014,243,374,8,13,11>Lately, my husband has been getting me flowers from them. The flowers are beautiful and healthy, all have lasted for really long. The shop is run and own by some wonderful folks. They just recently moved to 35th street from the 31st location. Teddy's Florist have been around for 30 years, they know the community well and have witnessed so much change of the neighborhood. Everyone here is genial and very helpful--I stopped by last year and I learned about peonies' seasons and the price difference between locally sourced versus imported. With a previous florist, when I asked for peonies in the early winter without knowing any better, I was just provided with an exuberant pricing without explanation of why I would be charged so much for.This is a great neighborhood flower shop. They might not have every flower or greens under the sun, but they seem to be friendly, grounded, small business owners who you can strike up a conversation with and are professionals who you can rely on for your bouquet needs.    p.s. They do weddings.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,9/22/2012,187,258,4,10,5>Absolutely fabulous, lovely, perfect, romantic place to spend a long, indulgent evening.I made the wise decision to purchase the yelp deal, and the man and I eagerly headed over to L'Artiste to redeem it. We went fairly early (he might as well be a 70 year old man - he'd eat at 5 if I let him), and there was only one other table. The manager (owner maybe?) was a delightful and friendly man who complimented my dress and whisked us to a cozy table for two. He suggested some special martinis and we gladly accepted - a pomegranate and a peach, both sweet and fresh tasting, perfectly chilled.An amuse bouche quickly followed - a petite filo cup filled with a ratatouille. It was the perfect hint of the culinary treats yet to come. A basket of crunchy, flakey bread soon followed, accompanied by a yummy black olive tapenade. We ordered a watermelon salad appetizer and it might be one of the simplest, most delicious ways I've ever begun a meal. Two disks of juicy, sweet watermelon, a few balls of honeydew and canteloupe, served with crumbles of feta cheese all over a balsamic reduction. Holy crap. The flavors exploded together in the most unique and refreshing way. I fully plan on eating this as much as possible this summer.The man and I both ordered the special filet mignon. We try to go for different entrees, in order to try as many different items as we can, but neither of us could resist. A tender cut of filet mignon with a pork jus, sides of potato gratin with gruyere and baby asparagus. You guys, I can't even pretend to find the words to describe how perfectly everything was prepared. My filet was cooked to the exact temperature I requested, the baby asparagus was crunchy and tender all at once, and the gratin was unlike anything I've ever tried. The potato was thinly sliced and placed one on top of the other and baked to perfection.To finish, we went with a French coffee panna cotta and it was smooth a packed with a nutty flavor. Splendid textrue, almost like a flan.The whole experience was just wonderful - the service, the food, the environment. The man and I are already planning our menu for our next visit.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,9/21/2012,205,184,8,12,9>For my 100th review- I can't imagine discovering a better place to write about. If you are searching for a perfect place for a date- stop reading this review and get your buns to Eddie's Sweet Shop pronto. You are guaranteed to impress, the ice cream is to die for and there will be plenty to talk about with decor like theirs. First let's talk about the goods. Almost everything is homemade. The ice cream, the whipped cream, and I believe the sprinkles as well. The ice cream is just perfect. The whipped cream is fresh and very thick. When I first saw the whipped cream, I thought it was vanilla ice cream! And the sprinkles are the best I've had anywhere. Sprinkles everywhere else are mushy, but here they have a pleasant crunch that testifies to its freshness. I've had the Banana Royal and the Ice Cream Soda float and they were both nothing short of delicious.  Get ready for a time warp people because the decor is authentic. All of the signs, including the bar stools, floor tiles, and phone booth are original! How many places can boast that? Sitting at the bar is my favorite but there are also small tables/booths that seat up to four. The service is quick and the "ice cream masters" (that's what I'll call them) are hard workers. Don't forget to leave them a tip!The candy selection at the adjacent counter is just blah. Half of the options are what I refer to as cheap/fake candy you buy at the corner bodega for a kid to entertain them. The other half is some well known pieces- but nothing to write home about. If they whipped (ba dum dum! Thank you I'll be here all night!) the candy counter into shape- they'd have lines out the door. Curiously- I haven't seen a worker here who looked over the age of 18. Interesting. And for those of you who are prone to visit the powder room often, have no fear as their facilities here are in working order. If you're not from Forest Hills (and even if you are), it will feel like this parlor is in the middle of nowhere. But trust me for their ice cream- it's worth the trip.  Quick Tip: 1) They only accept cash.                  2) They're open till 11:30pm!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,9/20/2012,109,163,8,14,11>I'ma keep this one short and sweet like the Hawaiiana and the Maduro & Mozzarella empanadas. A Five Star eatery like this needs no extensive review.  Do yourself a favor and visit the place. I mean...  just walk in, grab a menu and order what your stomach tells you and then times it by two because I promise you're gona want another one after that first bite. You'll soon find yourself empanada wasted on a park bench somewhere in Flushing Meadow Park drifting off into an empanada induced coma only to be shocked back to life by one their great flavored Ice Pops. (Tambrin joint is mad good) It's a small walk-in spot. Mainly grab & go, but there's a stool and counter setup if you wana eat in. The staff is friendly and helpful despite the place always being flooded when I visit. The empanadas are made fresh to order so you might wana call ahead or just be prepared to wait depending on the size of your order. I've pretty much run through the menu; i prefer the white flour shell and organic shell ones over the corn flour, but I've yet to be disappointed.  My top two favorites are the Hawaiiana (pineapple, pork and cheese) and the Maduro & Mozzarella (sweet plantains and cheese). Honorable mentions to the Spinach & Ricotta,  Broccoli & Mozzarella and the Organic Tuna.stop playing yaself. check da place out.Empanada Cafe is straight Empanada Heaven.Mad Good, Shun!!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/19/2012,180,126,9,6,5>OKAY. I'VE BEEN HOLDING OUT ON REVIEWING THIS PLACE BECAUSE IT HAS A SPECIAL PLACE IN MY HEART & YEA I DONT WANT IT TO BE REALLY SUPER POPULAR BECAUSE THEN I WONT BE ABLE TO GO WHENEVER I WANT but !!! My love for this has won and I must review now to spread the love and joy it gives me every time I come here. SO All my yelpers who havent tried River yet, what are you waiting for!! River is awesome, the interior is nice and calm and beautiful, this sushi is so good omgggg I'm drooling thinking about it.. I have pictures that I will upload for everyone because I am a yelp star ^o^ LOL jk ...Okay so me and Meghan A. always go for the AYCE menu which is totally worth it because the amount of sushi we can eat is definitely embarrassing to say the least.We've tried almost all the rolls that they offer and I have a few favorites (the names of which has slipped my mind at this moment but when I go back which I will definitely I will try & remember so I can update my review)The tempura is also very good, shrimp & vegetable, and the sashimi is also fresh which is surprising. AND THE DESSERT IS A MUSTTT !!! Red bean ice cream & fried bananas omg :( I need to go back asap. The price for weekend dinner is $23 which is most definitely worth it!So fly River restaurant, FLYYY!!!!!!!!!! Spread your wings and spread your yummy delicious rolls to everyone in the world (or just queens & ny whatever you want) BUT dont fly away, and dont fly too far. Because mama will miss you !!(another long reviewww phew, thanks all yall who listen to me rant on and on about how much I love sushi lmao)OH AND THERES PARKING IN THE BACK FOR YOU DRIVERS!! Turn into the Key food driveway & you will be in a parking lot which is kinda small and sometimes really crowded but whatever free parking right?
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/18/2012,202,257,6,10,6>The nightlife in Astoria never ceases to amaze me! Just when I think I've found all the great spots, another is discovered. My friends and I enjoyed a spontaneous dinner here on Saturday night. It was packed inside and outside but we were quickly seated at an indoor table. The atmosphere is fun, upscale (but not pretentious) and borders on a lounge feel. The music was great, they also had TV's dispersed above the bars and tables, showing the hockey and basketball games. I was actually in dire straits because my phone was near battery death. The bartender was very nice when I approached him to ask if he had a charger and if he could charge my phone. He happily agreed to and even made a trip to the other bar to get the charger. I love when services exceeds the traditional expectations! Our waitress was friendly and the menu had many eclectic and yummy meals. The sangria was fantastic! Sweet, strong, and full of fruit, just how I like it! I ordered the salmon burger with a side salad. It was delicious! One of my friends ordered the Belgian fries which I tasted. They were amazing and the dipping sauces made them even more fun to eat and share. I highly recommend Flo to anyone who's looking for a hot spot in Astoria on the main strip. Enjoy!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,9/17/2012,43,208,3,11,7>Hold on, let me compose myself.Okay.  This place is amazing.  The decor is perfect, and I wish I had one of their beautiful hanging lights in my apartment.  Unlike some other places in the neighborhood, the music is upbeat but doesn't overtake the experience, and lets you have a conversation at a normal volume.  The waitstaff is phenomenal, constantly monitoring how much water is in your cup, and asking how the food is.  The answer to that question?  VERY, VERY GOOD.  For $13.50 per person you get an appetizer, entree, and a dessert - can't be beat for the quality of the food.  After having some crispy complimentary treats with two dipping sauces, my guy and I shared the crab cake and veggie samosa.  Both were awesome.  The crab cake stood out because 1) I didn't expect to see it on the menu and 2) we both really liked the yogurt sauce that came with it.  He also got the butternut squash soup, which I tasted, and was fantastic and spiced perfectly.For entrees, he had the lamb Vindaloo - very spicy.  I didn't taste it but he kept raving about it.  I had the Aloo Gobi Matar, mild - a little more adventurous that I'd usually go - it was fragrant and hearty, having potatoes, cauliflower and peas in a delicious sauce.  During the meal we kept saying "I'm so full but I can't stop eating because it's so good".  And how could I forget the freshly made naan?  Mmm.  Somehow we made room for a bit of dessert and I appreciated that the portions weren't huge.  The rice pudding was refreshing and the honey dumplings were nice and sweet.  A great end to a fantastic meal. I'm so excited to go back and bring more friends, to try more dishes!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/16/2012,87,144,7,7,8>A native of Astoria, I've never had the pleasure of enjoying Mundo Cafe (despite the urgings of a friend). Today that changed - and so did a whole lot more.I'll start like this, Mundo is fantastic. The food dazzles the palate with an assortment of flavors - heavily indebted to Mediterranean, Levantine, and Middle Eastern influences. These flavors are married, happily, with traditional tastes from South America. We started with the Red Sonja - a lentil and bulgur wheat kofte wrapped in a cool lettuce leaf. The lentil is a global staple. At Mundo the earthiness of the bulgur and lentil is accented well by the mint and citrus. Our gastronomic odyssey continued; we traversed through shrimp scampi in roasted eggplant, quinoa salad with grapes, cashews, and a delicate vinaigrette, artichoke bottoms with an herby and oily stuffing - and what tasted like a fava bean pâté, and finished on falafel and hummus.   The ambiance in the restaurant is relaxed, off-beat, and welcoming. The space is small but comfortable; a bit like postmodern grandma's house (at least my grandmother).Ultimately, I cannot do these offerings adequate justice. Everything I tried was delicious. As a biracial kid/hybridized human - food like this is extra special to me. Perhaps my Levantine roots had me transfixed over simultaneously nostalgic and new tastes; but with food this good, this real, this unique-yet-common, you are bound to have your own special experience.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/15/2012,520,724,9,17,14>I have walked by this Thai store several times and have peered in. At first I was confused and was not sure if it was a Thai grocery store or a restaurant. well, it is both.The sign on the window say "Home-made Thai Food."So this place have been on my "must try" list for a while.My Yelp friend and I decided to have lunch Thailand's Center Point this past weekend.Our meal included:Oxtail soup $8.50- very different from my idea of oxtail soup. Tangy & slightly spicy soup with tender oxtail. A delicious start to a meal.  Rate 5/5.Red Curry with duck $7.95- Large portion of duck with red curry sauces and veggies. Very tasty. Rate 4/5.Pad Khee Mao with pork $7.95-  (also known a Thai Drunken Noodles) we asked for medium hot; delicious mix of spices and fresh noodles.  Rate 5/5.Fried Ice Cream (vanilla)  $5- crispy fried coating; a large portion enough for two! Rate 4/5.This restaurant and their chef is a hidden gem for delicious Thai dishes and is just one block from another "commercially" famous Thai place which have have been numerous time.This restaurant is better!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/14/2012,106,59,6,9,7>I dare say, the best Mexican Food I have had in NYC!!!I was convinced that Athens Grill, just down the street on 30th ave might be NYC's best...leave it to El Mariachi to prove me wrong.  I actually found out about this place from a co-worker who used to live in Astoria.  She spoke of this drab and ghetto Mexican place that her and her husband would go to when they craved a delicious mexican meal (which she claims was every day).  She tells me that one taste of their Enchiladas Suizas will have you hooked, drooling, dreaming, fantisizing for it for the rest of your life.  She was right.  Queso Blanco wrapped in a delicate corn tortilla and dregged in salsa de suiza (essentially salsa verde w/ a hint of cream) and more cheese and sliced onion to finish.  Top it off w/ a plate of goodness that is their rice and beans....probably one of the top 5 dishes I have had in my life!After getting the enchiladas suizas the next 30 visits, I finally ventured to other parts of the menu and el Mariachi unceacingly saisfiies my cravings for Mexican food.  You name it, they've got it...from tacos, burritos, hurraches, toastadas...even their french fries are good!  Thristy?  Quench your thirst w/ some housemade horchata or a damn good michelada.  So, as a self proclaimed mexican food afficianado, lover, snob, and dreamer, i highly recommend!  Viva el Mariachi!!!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,9/13/2012,316,268,14,16,16>Every hood needs a predictable go-to diner and Avenita is mine! There's your typical diner fare that includes breakfast at all hours of the day, sandwiches, various mediocre hot foods but boy do I have to bow down to this place and owe them my first born child. I can't recall the numerous amounts of time I've stumbled in here after a wild night out - starved, sick, with my trusty shades on to hide the miserable state I was in. Avenita has been my savior time and time again filling my stomach with much needed sustenance. The staff is warm and welcoming and won't judge you for coming in smelling like whiskey. The food is dependable, cheap, and quick. And the challah french toast with subtlety salted crispy edges brings me back to life and ready to repeat the previous night all over again.I've come here so many times, that the owners afforded to buy a new location across the street!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,3/14/2014,60,89,8,17,11>Let's keep the good stuff short and simple. Hot pot here is DELICIOUS! Soup base is best I've had - Spicy or not. Get that Yin Yang pot - one side spicy, othe side savory soup base. Yes, lots of MSG. So what? It's SO GOOD.Busy only Saturday/Sunday nights, but restaurant is big, wait is not long. Clean, good AND fast service. Get and mix your own sauces at the counter.Two hungry ppl can spend $70 eating dinner here (Not hungry? $50). Four ppl is probably $150 total. Meat portions are good. Avg 1 plate of meat for two, because you want fish balls/veggies, too! Premium beef, if you don't know what to get. Fish balls with cod rod filling is delicious. If you want carbs, order udon/glass noodles or rice cakes.Consider boiling meat dishes first then veggies, because veggies tend to soak up soup so save it for end.You will definitely smell like hot pot when you get out! Dress wisely! Machine washable clothes recommended!Half-priced beers after 10PM everyday. Cheers!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,3/13/2014,146,181,6,11,5>I REALLY enjoyed my dinner. HUGE portions, that Pernil y Arrox con Gandules that I ordered for myself could've fed my whole family and a village in Africa. Music was greatDrink was on pointEveryone got a shot of I think coquito or something similar?The chef came out to say hello, very nice guyThe staff is amazzzziinngly efficient, There no long wait for anything...well no the Valet takes longer that the food lol. I dont mind though, unless it was cold. The waiter brought me my tres leches and sang me happy birthday :) I wasnt crazy about the tres leches and I LOVE that cake BUT there was something that just wasnt doing it for me. It tasted like it might've had rum in it? Or some type of toasted flavor? It wasnt bad i just prefer good ol' regular tres lechesThe ONE downfall of the night is that...I left forgot my doggy bag on the table (like 3/4 of my pernil) and when I came back from the bathroom it was too late :( Already en the basura, I was really sad lol. Leftover pernil would've been made an awesome lunch AND dinner the next day :/Shrimp Mofongo was yummy too. Bringing the whole family next time!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,3/12/2014,168,160,13,11,6>I was really hoping to find a battle axe range, because everyone knows that a battle axe is the most effective weapon when the zombie apocalypse happens but unfortunately we are not living in the middle ages and battle axe lesson groupons are kinda hard to come by. Found the next best thing here at Queens Archery. came here with a group of friends and took the lesson, it was a lot of fun. however we also discovered that if the zombie apocalypse does happen basically we are all going to be zombie food cause we stunk it up.. i mean seriously stunk it up. at one point i think i hit the target of the person 2 spots to the right of me... yes it was embarrassing, but it was a great time. to be completely honest the lessons were not really very helpful. other than the safety part. that's probably a big reason why those arrows were flying all over the place. They have 2 different sides for the range, one is the beginner side and the other is the expert side. there are a lot of spots but apparently everyone is getting ready cause those spots fill up. Although coming here basically reaffirmed my fears that once the zombie virus begins to spread, i wouldn't last very long, it was a blast making that discovery.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/11/2014,280,538,8,19,15>I like the Buffet. I like this buffet. I like it more than Nori Nori or East Buffet. Why?- Chic modern decor to go with the hotel.- Free shuttle from/to Queens Crossing.- Mayo Shrimp with Walnut.- A whole Dungeness crab. Fresh.- Really really really good fried rice. I know most people go for the meat, but this is delicious.- Chocolate fondue with strawberries and marshmallows on a stick.- Cotton Candy machine. - Creme brulee and flan.- Froyo machine.- Crepes.- Drinks included.And this is just lunch! I can totally imagine walking towards Queens Crossing to Nori Nori, seeing the Hotel de Point shuttle, and then hop on figuring, "Hey! Free ride to the Buffet! Let's eat there instead!"
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/10/2014,227,1291,5,11,6>If you're looking for a neighborhood deli look no further. I stopped in here figuring they had pancetta and I was right. From the outside I wasn't sure if it was just another bodega masquerading as an Italian deli. Thankfully, it's got that old school deli flavor with the brightly lit, spotlessly clean new school style. I went in after breakfast but before lunch so I was the only one, not knowing the procedure I went straight to the back and noticed the orders are taken up front. I heard some staff talking behind the counter and as I was about to approach another voice asked if I needed help. I put in my order and as he repeated it back to me in probably the most beautiful way I've heard pancetta pronounced. Seriously, I'd never heard it with an accent before. Anyway, as I was waiting I heard someone else yelling at my guy about how he should have asked if I wanted thin or thick cut. "What if he wants to make a sandwich?!" Yelled is too strong, it's like a mom berating you for not taking out the trash. My guy came back and asked for the cut which was thin. As I was waiting I checked out their sandwich prices and noticed they were pretty cheap and saw their frozen section. They make their own sauces, pastas and meat sauce and whole 1lb pasta dishes that are flash frozen. I bought their spaghetti and meatballs and a San Bendetto tea, all still under the $20 mark.The pancetta was great in my dish. I ended up eating the pasta later and it was good. Definitely better than something you would find cruising the freezer aisle at C-Town. I only wish that I worked nearby to try their sandwiches for lunch.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,3/9/2014,136,166,1,11,7>This place is a hidden jewel in Sunnyside.  They do a lot of catering.  I usually buy a tray of their spinach pies cut into appetizer size for parties.  Its a perfect blend of spinach, feta cheese, and green onions between flaky filo dough.  My family and friends loves these appetizers and expect me to bring this to every family gathering.  Their croissants, and pastries are really delicious too.  Its a great place to pick up breakfast, everything is just so fresh.  I have to say they are always busy!!  The man who does work in the store lack personality because he is really busy but I always make him laugh a little :-)  It a small family operation with a couple of hired people working there.  If you are looking for ambience this is not the place, but if you are looking for great fresh croissants, spinach pies, baklava etc, this is a great place to try.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/8/2014,734,760,6,13,12>I don't know what's more terrifying: being in a meat shop or being at a buffet bar with endless, all-you-can-pick raw meats. For Christmas dinner, I came here with my family and for just the four of us, the wait was only around 10 minutes. For those who have had Korean barbecue in the city, you know a plate of not-so-great combinations will easily cost you around $30, the least, and will leave you hungry an hour later. For $31 with an AYCE option and AYCS (all you can stuff), it blows other Korean bbq places out of the water. Sure, the quality is questionable but it surely doesn't taste too different to me. Everything I've ever wanted in my dream Korean bbq experience is waiting for me at the raw bar (got goosebumps as I wrote that): kalbi, pork, lamb, shrimp, mushrooms, onions, etc. But PLEASE, don't get sushi. Just no. Stop. It's called AYCE Korean bbq for a reason--not ACYE one type of gimbap. Don't bother with the soups and kimchee either. Just get straight to the business you came for and finish up with oranges. Also, don't come here with a fresh spritz of Chanel No. 5 because it will be saturated with the heavy aroma of marinated meats--it is inevitable. Very good service, even though only one lady (the Chinese one) served us and was very professional, came whenever we put a new slice of meat on the grill and changed the grill many, many times.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/7/2014,127,176,4,9,7>Norma's is the cafe every neighborhood wished it had and it helps make Ridgewood feel complete.One of the things you'll notice when you visit Norma's is the organic sense of home. The staff always greets customers with warm welcomes, and everyone always seems cheerful. Norma's has great tasting coffee, and their sandwich/paninis are delightful. I don't even like paninis and I appreciate the paninis at Norma's. They also have good holiday drinks, special drinks and new things on the menu daily/weekly/monthly. Everyday they offer fresh baked pastries and also carry bagels from a local nyc bagel shop.They also have boardgames, books, things from the community being sold and normal / easy wifi to connect to. These are simple things all other cafe's get wrong but Norma's gets right. If you're ever in Ridgewood make sure you stop by Norma's as this is probably the cafe you've always been looking for.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,3/6/2014,44,34,4,13,4>Northern Blvd is becoming QUITE crowded with new cafes, all so visually tempting. It's almost become a subconscious mission for me to try them all out. Le boyfriend lured me outside today in the middle of a heat wave with promises of a cold beverage. It was the perfect opportunity to give M2S a try.I was initially shocked by how big and spacey the actual place was. You'll never have that awkward hello-sir-could-you-please-scoot-your-chair-in-so-­I-can-climb-onto-my-seat moment. Big plus. But the biggest plus of all is the fact that they serve Illy. In fact, the entire cafe has Illy plastered all over it so you'll never forget where your delicious coffee is from.Another great touch is the magazine rack. This will automatically become his favorite cafe if they add and update the magazines. He had the apple tea shakerato. Fruity but didn't overpower the tea.I had the iced vanilla latte. Perfect.Highly recommended!EDITTTTNot a good place to get work done. Tried and tested. The acoustics in this cafe is outrageous, they really don't need to blast the music as loud as they do. It can get especially unbearable when a chatty group walks in and they are forced to scream OVER the blaring music... My god. I just can't.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,3/5/2014,152,243,7,9,8>This place is so close to my apartment and it has so many daily specials, I had to make this place my go to spot for everything. I wanna cheap beer, go to Miller's. I want lobster, go to Miller's. Pitchers of sangria, Miller's, lots of TV screens to watch sports, Millers!The servers and the bartenders are all very friendly, the hostesses could use a little more work but I don't have much contact with them that I really don't care. I have been here a dozen times and never had to wait for a table. I don't know if I come at weird hours but it's nice to never wait.There are so many beers on draft and I love that they have a couple of seasonals so the beer selection is always changing. Love their  1/2 priced apps from 10pm to close, Monday to Thursday. They have a bunch of daily specials, my favorite is Lobster Wednesdays, especially the stuffed lobster. I'm not saying you should travel for this place, but if you ever find yourself in the neighborhood and want a decent beer with your meal, come on over!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/23/2014,171,248,8,14,10>Spinning is relatively new to me, but I ride my bicycle everyday and I still get my ass kicked here. I have been here 3 times now with 3 different teachers and they were all very different, and they were all great! Fran will really smack you around. She liked to make sure everyone was pushing it and giving each of us some short words of encouragement or tips throughout class. Her Tuesday night class features some old school house and hip-hop. She will not disappoint! Michelle's class is brutal. Maybe I wasn't prepared yesterday, but I didn't feel like I could keep up very well. Good thing she's super cute! I don't want to look like a little bitch in class! LOLThe place is very new right now and so is all of the equipment. They are keeping it pretty clean and I hope it stays this way through the nasty NYC summer. There are towels to use for free. The check-in and registration process is super simple. You can register for all of the classes online and see who is teaching. I bought a Groupon for 10 classes a few weeks ago and I'm so glad I did!Equipment details:Seat adjustable: vertical & horizontalHandlebars: vertical (at somewhat of an angle)Pedals: cages & clip-insBottle holders: 2Console: RPM, Time (elapsed) or Miles
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,5/22/2014,2947,2197,13,21,19>The best Vietnamese I've had in Queens so far.This Thai Son is as good as the Manhattan Chinatown location, and even closer to a subway stop. There seems to be less seating here, but fast service and an efficient kitchen means tables move quick - you won't be waiting long for your food at all.Decent pho and tasty chicken on vermicelli guarantee I'll be back the next time I'm in Elmhurst.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/21/2014,269,892,5,10,8>After reading the great reviews I needed to try this place. This is a gem in Astoria, love the décor its very intimate and you feel like you were inside a boat. Their name Veslo means boat paddle, you will notice the boat paddles all over the restaurant in a very tasteful manner.I came with my coworker for an early dinner on a Monday so the restaurant wasn't crowded which only meant we got great service from our pleasant waitress. We started with a bottle of Malbec which was a good choice.  For our entrees we shared the clams casino and stuffed mushrooms, both were delicious and came with even better sauces.I got the Chilean sea bass and my coworker mix seafood with pasta (homemade). Both dishes were great but I have to say my coworkers was a tiny bit better I love the homemade pasta and it came in a great sauce (I cant remember the name but it was the first item under pasta)By this time I was stuffed since both dishes were a good size and didn't have room for dessert.FYI they have the cutest outdoor sitting area too bad it was way to cold for us to sit there.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/20/2014,219,103,7,12,8>Delicious food, decent prices and a very fine rotating selection of beers (and some quality single malt scotches).  This place is only a year old but making quite a name for itself.  Most of the seats are tables and couch deals along the walls with some benches going down the middle.  We were seated at the bench/stools last night (8pm on a cold but busy Friday night in January) and for 5 people it was very comfortable.  If you have a larger party, they have a larger event space downstairs with about 4 tables.  Ultimately, this is a place that I'll definitely be coming back to soon.  Astoria's got it going on and the Astoria Burger at Oliver's is a solid winner!  Truffle mac & cheese is also very very good stuff.  Check it out.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/19/2014,54,130,5,10,6>Love this place, and it is always, legit always, crowded, so I'm guessing a lot of other people do too. Good vibe, cool interior, quality food and drinks. I always hope for a spot at the bar but they can be hard to come by. Good selection of beer and liquor, solid cocktails (my friend loves the pickle martini). I like their selection of bourbon and whiskey - good options, not crazy expensive. As for food, not a ton of options, but everything you need while imbibing - the fried pickles are awesome indeed; I've also had the grilled cheese, burger, mac and cheese, cheese plate, all solid and delicious. I haven't come here for brunch yet, but one day when I actually have off on a weekend, I'm definitely gonna make it happen.Like I said, place is always hoppin', definitely one of my fave (if not fave) bars in Astoria.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,5/18/2014,395,204,16,12,18>My fiancé loves this place. She likes expensive things and then she likes coming here, no in-betweens. I didn't care much about Lot Less cause the name sounds terrible and it's on the other side of that Marshall's-Sears-Rego Center complex, which is the side I live on. After feeling obligated to accompany Jenny to this location on multiple multiple occasions, I've come to like it as I've been able to each time find something pretty decent that's with a brand name at extremely reasonable prices, unlike some of what you'll find at other "discount" stores.It's next to a GNC store and more than once I've found GNC-branded items for sale here at an extreme mark-down. I now own a scale that announces to the room one's over weighted-ness.I'm sure there's someone at the head of the company who's actually curating what is sold at their multiple locations. They've done an excellent job in choosing what to include. I saw a set of these Mr. Potatohead Star Trek toys for ten dollars that I was slightly intrigued by. It's dumb but sometimes I'm intrigued by dumb things.I might buy some gifts from there for my friends this year. The store has such a variety of items. It's like, they find one thing that another company can't get rid of and they buy up all of their inventory of that one thing. It's well organized and the staff may seem indifferent but are actually very helpful.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,5/17/2014,383,301,5,7,6>Definitely time for a happy hour review!Beers are all half-priced until 8 p.m.! The place was quite popular even on a Tuesday evening. The salt fried chicken did not disappoint and edamame (sp?) was on the house.The crowd that was at this venue consisted of seemingly nice people, generally young professionals who come to grab a beer before dinner. The bar was almost full by the time happy hour was ending.The cleanliness of the venue is spectacular. There's also a little space for beer bottles that is filled with ice to keep your beer bottle cold while you drink it. No more coasters!Tip: draft beers are not recommended. There's just something about them here - perhaps they're not cold/fresh enough. My blue moon on tap just didn't taste right today. Must try their hot pot someday!! The hot pot section was definitely filled up this evening. There was only one table left...so tempted!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/16/2014,316,408,11,17,14>Cheburechnaya was a total win (thanks, Yelp!). Although I used to live a short walk from here, I never actually made it here. I am so glad that I finally came here. My roommate and I came after *weeks* of drooling over the reviews. It was after a long Monday at work and I just needed a great experience to turn the misery around. Mission: Complete.Miriam was so patient and took amazing care of us. She recommended a great beer (#9, please!) and affirmed that the dishes I heard about and wanted to have were indeed the right thing to do.The meat and mushroom cheburekis were great. They were crisp and light and did not overfill me at all. It was a pleasant surprise to see that they were mostly filled with hot air instead of gut filling meats and veggies. The green pilaf was good, a little dry, but very flavorful. We found that adding some of the chebureki sauce (or even the table-side Sriracha) helped keep the pilaf moist.The kabobs were what made my day. We started "light" with some skirt steak and some fat lamb. Drool. We *finished* with the regular lamb and the boneless chicken. The lamb kabobs were absolutely brilliant - tender and perfectly seasoned. All the kabobs were topped with the pickled onions. Yum.Overall, Cheburechnaya was a great experience. Even though I'm über disappointed in myself for not coming here sooner, I'm glad that I finally showed up. Until the next.PS: The restaurant's website is down. For patrons who are uncertain of Shabbat start and end times, you could find out here: chabad.org/calendar/cand
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,5/15/2014,522,450,5,12,10>When Salt & Fat opened a few years ago, I would just sit and stare at their menu and wonder what it tasted like. But not many people wanted to brave such dietary conditions, so I never went. So obviously when a date (who is now my boyfriend, obviously because of his fabulous taste in food) suggested that we go to Salt & Fat, I was unable to contain my enthusiasm. Which might not be attractive given the title ingredients, but whatever. Someone wanted to go with me, and I needed to take advantage of this opportunity.We went on a Friday night with no reservations, and were told there'd be a half hour wait. This turned into more of a 45 minute/hour long wait, but I did not care. I honestly would have waited for longer. We waited in a nearby bar, and popped in after we hadn't heard from them for half an hour. We were seated by a friendly waitress who was attentive enough throughout the entire meal.First came the famed BACON FAT POPCORN. It tasted like a heart attack, but felt calorie-free. It was an addictive delight that I've been meaning to re-create but havent gotten around to yet. I had to stop myself from eating the entire bag lest I look like a glutton.The meatballs were probably the least best part of the meal, but the BLT pork buns were delicious. There were only three of them, which makes for an awkward moment on a third or fourth date, but my now-boyfriend was kind enough to give me the extra bun. He knows the way to this girl's heart. The LI duck breast was savory and moist. I would definitely get it again. We might have had another one of the appetizers (just because everything is so small, and we're hungry people), because I can't remember. We finished the meal with the marshmallow ice cream and rice krispies treat, which made me feel like a kid. We washed down the entire meal with a nice selection of beer for prices I'd expect more in Manhattan.All in all, my friends are jealous of my Salt and Fat date, and my boyfriend and I talk about coming back whenever we have the chance.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,5/14/2014,628,678,16,25,21>UFC was the first Korean fried chicken joint I'd ever heard of, in the mild hype surrounding their 2007 opening - but because of its location far outside NYC's Koreatowns, it was one of the last I tried. Now, after having eaten wayyyy more than my share of Kyedong (yelp.com/biz/kyedong-fri) and BonChon (yelp.com/biz/bonchon-chi) at their best, UFC's consistently "good" KFC isn't so exciting - neither exceptionally juicy, nor crunchy, nor tender. It's still suitable enough to lose your KFC virginity to though. Wings and drums are averagely sized. Choose from 4 coatings - original soy garlic, spicy, BBQ mustard, and sweet & spicy. The sweet & spicy is too sweet, and the BBQ mustard was only interesting in that first bite. The classic half soy garlic, half spicy is still the way to go. (Note: "spicy" is only moderately spicy and involves a thicker than usual glaze that's often too heavy on the gochujang.)What sets UFC apart is their great craft beer list. It's like 70% hipster-cred level, the likes of which I haven't seen east of Long Island City. Heck, this is the only place you can get growlers for miles around. The tap list rotates but they more or less always have the same bottles. It makes UFC a downright enjoyable place to have a drink and a snack in the best traditions of beer + wings. ...That is, if you can tolerate the long wait for the snack. As with any other KFC joint, your chicken can take up to a half hour to prepare. When I saw whole chicken on the menu, I had visions of an entire bird battered and fried into a shining, crackling centerpiece. But ordering a whole or half chicken just gets you equally sized chopped pieces, so you can't tell what part you're eating until you bite in. Curiously, the "whole chicken" is roughly the size of but never pieces together into a whole chicken... unless chickens nowadays have 5 wings and a quarter of a thigh (and who knows at this rate?).In reality, whether UFC's KFC is better than average doesn't matter, since this is the only place in the area that prepares the beloved comestible. And that is why they have my business. Skip the sweet potato fries, which are not the orange, caramelized things we love, but instead pale overcooked matchsticks that no amount of honey mustard could save. The regular fries are as good as at any KFC place, but they come in a stupidly tiny basket: Not worth it.The decor is very nicely done, especially for the area, but too bright on the main floor at night. No matter, since this is a perfect restaurant for flexing that Seamless app while you're on the subway - delivery takes up to an hour, and KFC pairs fantastically with Netflix while you're slouching on the floor of your living room.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,4/13/2014,70,216,5,24,16>Excellent burger. Good drinks. Nice atmosphere. Welcome to the neighborhood!As for the review by Mister W., I hope Yelp removes it or that you have the sense to edit it. It's not a review of the place, but of its name. Mister W: Dutch Kills was the name of the neighborhood since the mid-17th Century. The mixology bar Dutch Kills has been here since 2009 and does not own the name of the town. We can have more than one bar that takes the name of the hamlet; it doesn't constitute any kind of theft. Centraal is Dutch for Central. The name does homage to the neighborhood's origins, and is a more meaningful name than "Windmill." I love both bars. They are excellent for different reasons. I doubt anyone is going to be confused about the difference between a pub and a mixology bar that are located about a mile away from each other. Your criticism is akin to attacking two businesses located on 42nd street for both having "Times Square" in their names. I think you should reconsider a 1-star review that can only hurt this new business simply from a misunderstanding about the name "Dutch Kills," which is not a new invention, but the name of the town.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/12/2014,344,85,8,12,10>Good for dogs, baseball, runs, tennis, soccer for various large events,  long walks with that special someone, a nature walk and it's well known obstacle course.  Guys I found that obstacle course is going to re-open in March or May. So your able to try it out. The obstacle course is free on Sundays but I think  you need to sign up for it.   I usually play tennis with my boyfriend. Sometime  the free tennis courts are packed and you might have to wait your turn or you might not be able to play.  That only leaves you with the option to go for a great run. Me and my boyfriend went for a long hike all around the park. I have to say it was a great hike. Beautiful trees, amazing trail  surrounded by small animals.  I see many baseball games , they have two baseball fields. On the opposite sides of the park.  I even came here for a BBQ with a large crowd.  It was a great time.  I think they have a dog park in this park.  I haven't been there yet. I will be going to be playing tennis and runs soon ...
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,4/11/2014,423,264,7,14,8>I've been to a few of the billards in Astoria and Break is by far my favorite. Break is spacious and along with pool they also have an air hockey table, a couple ping pong tables, a foosball table,a dart board, and a hoop basketball game.  During the week pool is FREE as long as you're drinking. I've been here during the week and it is slow. It's a great way to kill a few hours and just have fun. the cheapest thing on the menu is a $3 miller high life (bottle) and maybe a few other domestic beers. I had a couple with a friend and spend two hours playing pool for free on a random summer day. At night and on the weekends they do charge to play pool because there is a larger crowd. I believe it's $18/hour on the weekends. Break can get really packed on the weekends. What really sets break apart from just about any bar in the ENTIRE city is that they show Boxing and UFC fights for free. YUP YUP YUP, F-R-E-E. No more paying $20 just to get into a bar to watch a Pay-Per-View boxing or UFC event for me. THIS IS WHERE I'LL BE. Most recently I came here for UFC 168: Weidman vs. Silva 2. I got here early with a bunch of friends and just sat and enjoyed the prelims because Break was going to get packed.  If you plan on watching a PPV event get here early because by 10:30 they stopped letting people in because they were at max capacity.The service here is on point. The bartenders are all very friendly and they're really good and remembering faces and what you've ordered even thoough the entire place is packed. The bouncers are nice too. Something I don't experience very often. Quite the breath of fresh air.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/10/2014,111,198,12,13,11>The brunch scene in Astoria is insane. So many options, but this place is on top for so many reasons. The name really says it all... the comfort food here is bar none. Let's get to the basics first, there is always a wait... don't let it deter you from the amazing brunch experience that awaits you. You stand there, and you wait.Next up, I'm sure by now you've heard that you need to order the DISCO TOTS... at this point I'm not even sure why this isn't treated as 'table bread' here, the amount of tots they must go through in 1 hour alone is probably more tots you've ever seen in your lifetime. YES... they're that wonderful. Order it for the table, done.*warning - the ATOMIC FIRE BALLS... taste exactly how they sound. If you cant handle spicy... just don't even try. For your main dish... know that it will be LARGE. A lot of times I have to share or take a doggy bag, because most dishes are so rich.Favorites include:+SOUTH BY SOUTH WEST BENEDICT (This will shut even the loudest bruncher up... pulled pork.... biscuits....oh my.)+EGG MCRUFFIN (Get it if you can, this is often the first to sell out at brunch!)+FRENCH TOAST (It's french toast. Hi.)+CHICKEN AND WAFFLE (Crunchayyy.)+CORN FLAKE CRUSTED CHICKEN SANDWICH (I love this, and the Green Goddess ensemble is lovely)+BURRITO BOWL (When I had this it was just a burrito... same stuffing though, it's every breakfast food mashed together, drenched in cheese. So, you do the math.)Anything I don't have listed on the main dish list above, is either because I haven't tried it yet, it was updated on the menu (new items are often added), or because I blacked out after eating it and don't remember what it was called.The iced tea and iced coffee is great... my only criticism as a sensitive milk drinker, is they only ever have whole milk. The day they have skim milk... or better yet SOY... I'll high five them.SERVICE:Great... waiters are always friendly and fast, they have a ton of people to get through.AMBIANCE: Very cool... random family type portraits all around, old dolls and LUCHADOR figurines, games, OH... and there is a projector with old music videos on the wall. Love it!!! It's like being inside a tacky, cool grandparents' house. There are several joint tables... so yes, your estranged neighbors will inevitably see you scarfing down insane amounts of food. Or, there are also some separate tables... you will have to take what you can get!LOCATION:I love 30th ave. I also love how this is across the street from New York Sports Club to remind you, that you need to get on a treadmill fast after brunch here. Who cares, enjoy the food.Love it here. One of Astoria's gems for sure.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,4/9/2014,757,559,9,14,12>There is a reason I did not post pictures of the food which is counter my review methodology. Driving home the aroma coming from my take out bag was just tantalizing enough to keep my attention. The three taco combo and one of my favorite soups from any culture, menudo was secured in the passenger seat as we sped away. Menudo is the best cure for a hangover and with the night I had last night with crazy friends who have not been together in a while add in a live band, kegs, bonfires and that was the basics of a super long night.The aluminum wrapped packets were endless as I emptied out the bag's contents onto my dining room table. The Lengua taco was the first on the plate and I generously added spicy guacamole, which I added as a side order for $3.25. Once the taco opened the meat literally rolled out as it was bursting from the tortilla like an over stuffed sausage casing. The last thing on my mind was taking pictures. Tender and flavorful the meat was so prominent. I could only muster up the appetite for one bite of the Chorizo taco as the Lengua was so filling and I was scooping intermittant ladle sized helpings of menudo into my mouth. Unfortunately, the menudo was not up to the standard that Las Palmitas has established for me. It was a touch salty, the tripe chunks were small in size and there was an odd metallic after taste.  At this point I felt so full the couch looked much better than taking pictures of food. After a little siesta, I will be ready to go another round with my lunch/dinner meal which totaled $20.00 which is completely fair for the quality of the ingredients.~Pictures to be posted on my next go round.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,4/8/2014,161,498,7,12,10>Legit French bakery in my hood? YES!How do I know? I have a sharpened sweet-tooth, and I come here with someone that's FRENCH!We trek over here from the other side of Jackson Heights, and on weekend mornings/afternoons there is usually a line. However, I don't mind since it gives me more time to decide what I want.The pastries such as the pain au chocolat, croissants, and chausson aux pommes are very good, and they have been described by him as being "honest." I've also picked up a baguette for the road, which he squeezed (and without even tasting) said, "meh." Sadly, I have to agree.Still, Cannelle Patisserie satisfies our cravings for viennoiserie and ties us over until the next time we can get back to Paris!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/7/2014,121,334,16,16,11>Since I have been coming here really regularly for the past two months now, I figured it was time to write a review.  (Note:  I have been here more times than the Yelp check-ins say.  I often forget to check-in on Yelp because I'm either too excited or too exhausted!)After a year of being pretty sedentary and hiding behind textbooks and M&A deals, a breakup in August forced me to take a step back and work on "me."  (Classic, right?)  I joined CrossFit Queens, like, a week later, and it has come to play a ridiculous role in my life-- perhaps more than I'd care to admit!  Every Monday, I sit down and plan which classes I'll attend, and then my week basically revolves around that.  From day ONE (the free introduction class with Andy), I knew that this was an amazing fit for me.  Also, you should probably know that over a year ago, I did On-Ramp at another CrossFit gym (when I lived in Brooklyn), so I already knew what to expect AND can give a very truthful review.  CrossFit Queens exceeded my expectations, and continues to do so on a daily basis.  Honestly, by the end of the first week, almost every coach knew my name, and I already had friends in the classes.  (Like, at the beginning, it's HARD to get your lazy ass up and moving.  But the time for the evening class would come around, and I'd think, "Well, I want to see so-and-so today, so I'd better go!")  Of course, after you truck through those first couple weeks of soreness, you get into the habit, and you suddenly wake up and think, "OK, twelve more hours until CrossFit today.  Let's make it through the day."  Trust me.  It's tough at first but it's very addicting.We're all busy.  I get that.  But you know what was awesome?  I got super busy with work and school for a week and a half, and I got a message from CFQ saying, "We miss you!"  And then when I went in next, rather than chide me or make me feel guilty for not being there, the coaches were like, "HEY!  Great to see you!  Sorry that you've been so busy.  Come on in and work all your frustrations out!"  This community is so, so amazing.  Everyone goes out of their way to make new people feel welcomed.  There are great events on the weekends, too-- an added plus.  Since this is in Queens, you'll meet a lot of first responders, military, etc.-- real people who use these skills in real life.I highly recommend this CrossFit gym.  As I live in Corona, there are no convenient CrossFit gyms near me.  (Unless you count walking down Junction Blvd. late at night CrossFit... there will be jumping and running.  lol)  But since there are no CrossFit gyms near me, I did a ton of research on all of them-- in Queens as well as Manhattan and Brooklyn.  I could not be happier with CFQ.  I've found the ideal fit.  (And pssssht, who needs a relationship?  Boys are stupid.)SIX MORE HOURS UNTIL CROSSFIT!  LET'S MAKE IT THROUGH THE DAY!!!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/6/2014,62,321,17,13,6>The reason I'm so critical of many city businesses, and likely the reason so many people think I'm a total dick, is because I'm applying privileged upper-middle class suburban spoiled douchebag standards to nearly every establishment I review. Don't get upset. There is a world outside of NYC, after all. And as butt-hurt as you may get about it, that world is often cleaner, more efficient, less crowded, better managed and generally way less assholey than this one, citygoer. I've tasted the golden fruit from the forbidden island, friends. It was delicious, and there were far fewer mutants trying to muscle their way to the tree without a polite word of apology.  AUMC provided many of the "special" things I have come to miss since moving to the city: Polite, competent and professional staff, cleanliness, expedient service, basic human decency. All of which become far more special when I'm delirious with fever and would rather die on the streets of Queens than say, wait in the Mount Sinai waiting room where I suspect a cock fight riot, gang stabbing or cholera outbreak would finish me off before I even got to see a "doctor". Doctor is in quotations because I don't particularly consider a certificate in General Body Studies from Cote d'Ivoire Rural Medical Academy Extension valid.So if you value your health and your sanity, you should probably try AUMC. Mention my name and get half off your next emergency hemorrhoid lancing.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/5/2014,110,235,3,10,4>The moment I walked in, I was impressed by how amazing the place looked. For my dinner date, the hostess sat us in the middle of a room at a square table, and when I asked if we can sit on the side at a smaller table, she said it was reserved. Hmm I thought I had made reservations too? My table was so big and I was going to be far from my husband. I saw someone leaving the corner booth by the bar, so I asked our waiter if we could change our seat to that booth. No problem, said he. However, the hostess saw us changing table so I could cuddle onto my husbands arm, and I over heard her rude comment about how I wanted to change tables just to be closer to my man? NO SH*T!!! -1 star for bad attitude!!!!!We ordered a French onion soup, and 2 steaks medium rare, size 28oz I think? Soup was delicious, topped off with a blanket of cheeses!! We had two mini soups the size of shot glasses, on the house. The steaks were perfectly medium rare! I hate having to send back food to the kitchen bc they are undercooked or over cooked, so I was pleased at its perfection. I barely used the sauce they provide bc the steaks themselves were flavored enough.Thank god for groupons, because it was pay $50 for $100 of food.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,4/4/2014,545,1338,12,19,19>Every now and then things happen that restore my faith in humanity. That latest thing is dinner at Bun-Ker. Hands down, one of the best Vietnamese restaurants I have ever tried. Keep in mind Bun-Ker is not a traditional Vietnamese run of the mill restaurant with 26 variations of pho and bun complete with a picture menu. Bun-Ker is more simple but with all the flavors and techniques of Vietnamese cooking that you need to experience. You will not be disappointed!I am amazed with what they have done. Bun-Ker provides some really great food at a reasonable price. The décor is cute and kitschy. They transformed a small space into a chic hut with little touches of whimsy here and there. People's business cards adorn boards, daily specials are written on makeshift blackboards (metal trays spray painted with chalkboard paint), and little toy cars ride across handle bars on the walls. The whole place is sort of Disney-like. I felt like I was on vacation or in a magical place. I mean, c'mon it is literally in the middle of nowhere in a section not yet completely transformed by gentrification (check it 7 years later...). Good luck on getting to Bun-Ker without a car. The bus and L train combined with foot might take awhile. I'm curious to see how many apartment complexes and homes are around the corner. If I lived in Ridgewood, I'd be eating at Bun-Ker weekly. From a reliable source, Seamless delivery towards East Williamsburg takes upwards to two hours and is well worth the wait! The popularity of Bunk-Ker (judging from the high 4  1/2 star rating on Yelp and the never ending traffic through the door) has proved love for Bun-Ker is viral. Service is friendly and casual. It was a bit slow at first (they forgot to take our order) but once we got dish one, the ball was rolling.  We ordered the traditional Banh Xeo- crepe filled with shrimp, bacon, and bean sprouts. It was crisp and rich. Wrap it in lettuce, compliment with basil and shiso leaves, and dunk it in fish sauce. Voila! Instant happiness. The rest of our dishes, although meant to be eaten solo, were shared family style. Between three, it was divided into the perfect serving portion per person. Any more people in your table and you may have to double up on dishes.  Highly Recommended:Cha Ca La Vong- crispy ginger turmeric flounder with dill, lettuce, vermicelli, and peanuts. The very thin noodles were angel hair like and gave new meaning to the dish bun. Very refreshing and the fish was not oily.Ca Rig Ga- Vietnamese curry chicken with potatoes, carrots, lemongrass, and roti. Although each dish was outstanding in its own right, this was my favorite. Perfect for a cold winter night. Food for the soul.Bo Luc Lac- cubes of beef, white rice, peanuts, and salad. Very tender, flavorful, and juicy. Loved the peanuts and fried garlic.Bun-Ker provided enough to make me want to go back and visit again. The rest of the menu is just as enticing, it just depends what dish you are in the mood for.All meats are anti-biotic and hormone free and the pork is heritage bred and pasture raised. Sound too frou frou to you for Vietnamese food? Think again. While Bun-Ker is doing their best to provide quality ingredients, hoity-toity attitudes are not prevalent. Water is self serve so stand up, put those legs to good use and bus your own table.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,8/23/2012,366,339,8,8,9>I can think back on many a days where I sat at the window seats reading my book (5 simple steps to world domination) and drinking my hot milk tea. Good times. They have the best location, and the best milk tea. Ok that last point is debatable.It's a combination coffee shop, bakery, and restaurant. They have hot food serving stations where you can choose three dishes over rice and it comes with a soup. All for the same price that you'd pay for halal chicken over rice, only this is more food, more filling, and more variety. Win, win, win.Sometimes I'll just grab a bowl of their hot soup. But damn, it's been two weeks, and all they serve is seaweed soup. The first five times I tried it, I was bouncing off the walls with excitement. It reminds me of my mom's homemade seaweed soup, just without the meat, without the shrimp, and without the love. That's all.But, I don't know why they don't switch up the soup though. Don't they know that whole bit about variety being the spice life, or that one about presenting customers with options?This place really is good. Their hot meals remind me of my mom's home cooking. And, just like mom, they serve you huge portions. I can never finish a meal without teetering on the edge of regurgitation.This is Starbucks before it became popular. Picture paying $0.90 for coffee/tea, sitting, reading, chilling, and people watching - asian style.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,8/22/2012,61,194,7,7,5>Everyone throw your hands up and shout "irasshaimase!"A warm inviting decor surrounds your table with a Japanese ramen bar near the front and large wooden benches near the back. The menu selection is small, but the ramen toppings makes you to want stock pile all the extras.Butter? yes.Chashu pork? yes.Poached egg? yes.Corn? yes.Fireball? What? (Its a ground pork meat ball with hot spices) Oh, then hell yes.As we wait for the ramen to come out we partake in the gyoza and special appetizers. The one for today was shrimp wrapped in a shredded fried casing with mashed potatoes. We would have gotten an extrar order if the ramen didn't show up quickly.The soup is just salty enough to not overpower the broth flavor. Mix in the toppings and the whole meal opens up. Ramen is just perfect. Thick noodles to cradle the sauce but soft to the bite. Absolutely delicious. They even offer "kaedama" for $2 if you want a second serving of noodles, but the meal is so filling you rarely have to go for more.Think of it less than a ramen place in Astoria, but more of a "something new, must try" place in the neighborhood.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/21/2012,238,433,9,13,10>Mister Chicken To Go is the healthiest fried chicken joint in Queens! While words like "healthiest" and "fried" made that sentence sounds like an oxymoron, It is actual quite true. Forget about the menu for a second and just imagine this: a take-out restaurant that uses free-range chicken that are fed a vegetarian diet! That alone puts chains like KFC and Popeye's to shame. Moreover, the balance of satisfaction and guilt just gone in favor of the former substantially. Did I mention that they use vegetarian oil to fry their chicken?The business strategy is sound, and the execution is even better.  The chicken is crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  The skin is crispy yet feels light, and the consistency of the meat (whether it is the buttermilk chicken or tenders) is quite impressive.  Combine these items with awesome side dishes like mac and cheese and kale (for the healthy eaters), you get one of the best spots to ever open up in the Sunnyside/Woodside neighborhood for healthy comfort food.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/20/2012,286,298,12,15,17>The New World Mall food court never ceases to amaze me with their variety of choices. On my most recent trip I noticed that they now have a stall serving made-to-order xiao long bao (soup dumplings*) and jiao zi (dumplings*) ::cue excited squeal::I ordered a steamer each of the pork XLB yelp.com/biz_photos/LNqx and the crab & pork XLB yelp.com/biz_photos/LNqx. My first impression of Noodle Village's XLB was that they're huge! They were 150% the size that I was expecting, and in Noodle Village's case, bigger IS better because each delectable XLB was filled with a flood of soup. Brownie points to Noodle Village for providing small bowls so that if you spill your soup none of it is wasted. My only complaint is that the soup was slightly more oily than I prefer. Flavor-wise Nan Xiang still reigns king of XLB in Flushing, but Noodle Village provides a faster and worthy alternative to the wait at Nan Xiang and benefits greatly from being in the New World Mall food court. Since the XLB are made-to-order, they'll take about 15 minutes. I suggest placing your order at Noodle Village before visiting any of the other stalls and using your wait time to stake out a table in the food court. You have to pay a $2 deposit per bamboo steamer that is refunded to you upon returning the steamers.-------*Dumpling fun facts: It can be slightly confusing that xiao long bao and jiao zi are both known as "dumplings" in English, because they are obviously not the same thing. Ground meat and/or veggies in a wrapper does not always equal dumpling. Jiao zi literally translates to "dumpling." Xiao long bao is most commonly referred to as "soup dumplings" in English; however, the Chinese do not classify them as dumplings. Their classification is in their name - xiao long bao is a "bao" (closest English translation would be "bun"), and directly translated word for word they are little steamer buns. The difference between a bao and a dumpling is in the shape, the wrapper, and the way that they are cooked. IMO the easiest way to differentiate the two is in the way they are cooked: dumplings are usually boiled and very rarely steamed, while baos are usually steamed and never boiled. (Both can be pan-fried if made with thicker wrappers.)
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/19/2012,132,92,2,13,6>Finally a ramen place in Elmhurst (not counting Lao Bei Fang across the Boulevard)...First thing to note is that place has just opened and that they are a CASH ONLY PLACE! Most of the main dishes were a little more than $10 but there are a variety of other dishes.The interior of the place is surprisingly clean and friendly with a light green theme. There are only one or two tables but four counter seats that are great for people watching. Not exactly the most intimate place but is clean and friendly!In terms of food they offer a variety of items on their menu (which they are still printing). They have appetizers which consist of your regular pseudo Japanese fare:1. Edamame 2. Gyoza (dumplings)3. Shumai (shrimp dumplings)which I didn't end up trying just because for the most part I think that these dishes are usually mediocre and the place featured ramen which is pretty filling.The ramens that they offer are also the usual ramens that you see around except they are all named something different and have a slighly different twist to them such as using ground pork instead of slices of pork. They offer their own variation of Shoyo, Curry, Miso, Spicy-Miso and the like. - I had the Spicy Miso variety; a creamy savory soup that melted together with seasoned ground pork they added as a topping. While I thought it could be spicier the soup was great.The ramen here was very decent and better than any of the ramen places in the neighborhood which includes pretty much all of Queens because I cant think of too many actual ramen places that arent Chinese La-Mein which has a completely different flavour. A few end notes - 1. They do have Sushi which I havent tried at all so I cant say too much about it but it ranges from California rolls to lobster rolls2. They also have rice dishes that I didnt end up trying but they consist mostly of Japanese American-ish fare like Chicken Teriyaki and the like.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,8/18/2012,39,158,4,7,5>Really happy with this place. Partly because it is so rare to find something so relaxing and European in Queens (and really, anywhere in the city).  It's so cozy and sweet - the crepes are the perfect consistency - smooth and delicate.  The background music is lovely and creates just the right type of mood. This is a great place to come and introspect - bring your laptop, or even better, a journal - and write.  I just learned they also have open mic on Sundays, so I'm looking forward to that. Overall, just a lovely place to find
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,8/17/2012,65,193,6,10,8>Just had dinner here tonight for about the fiftieth time, once again never disappointed. We ordered a spinach pie which is pretty big so it's good to split. We also split the mixed vegetables which are amazing, they're a combination of potatoes, eggplant and zucchini. I had the roasted lamb for the first time actually and it was soooo tender it almost melted in my mouth (comes with lemon potatoes). Their fish is also very fresh and delicious which I've had numerous times. Great greek salads, shrimp saganaki and moussaka. Portions are extremely generous, I usually have lunch for the next day. The servers are really nice, especially the gentleman we had tonight. We said we were splitting the spinach pie and he cut it in quarters for us at the table, while most servers just let you take care of that on your own. They have an outdoors as well which is really pretty that I never noticed before which I tried for the first time in the late summer. The place is usually pretty crowded and sometimes you see a line waiting to be seated, but don't freak out! It's a huge place, there are two rooms on the first floor and also an upstairs, so you get seated very quickly. My favorite restaurants in Astoria are of course this, Elias and Telly's Taverna. They're all equally as good but Stamatis has the largest menu. So if you have some picky eaters among you or you just want to choose from a lot of Greek specialties I'd probably recommend this one.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,8/16/2012,64,152,4,7,5>LOVE.  LOVE.I recently tried New Park pizza on a totally random day.  I went with my friend to take her son and his friend to a nearby kids gymboree.  After over an hour of playing the kids were hungry.  What do all kids love to eat (and me)?  PIZZA!Since my friend lives in the neighborhood, she knew about this place.  Convenient with a small parking lot.  Def a no frills kind of place.  They only sell pizza.  That's it.  There's a couple of picnic style benches in the front and you order your pizza through a small window opening.As a native NYer, I love a good NY slice.  At first I just ordered one slice just so I wasn't envious of the kids' slices and prevented me from stealing bites of their lunch.  It was sooooo good.  What made it good?  1) hot right out of the oven 2) sweet tomato sauce and they weren't cheap with the sauce 3) hot melty mozz cheese and they weren't cheap with the cheese 4) a small hint of salt on the bottom of the crust that goes SO well with their sweet tomato sauce.  5) simultaneously crispy and doughy crust.  YUM-O.  I had to order a 2nd slice.  Immediately.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,8/15/2012,427,354,18,13,12>Once you hop over the bums, push through the rowdy group of teens, side swipe the few guys in suits headed down to the subway you'll spot the gleaming lights of Jamaica Multiplex. Complete with its own police force and its own parking lot (which so many people forget exists).The people at the windows aren't particularly nasty. Not enough for me to warn you. Of course not overly friendly either. The perfect amount of " I hate my job but not enough to lose it". A few arcade games. The usual. The bathroom is ALWAYS spotless! This is Jamaica avenue people! A spotless bathroom on Jamaica ave is very hard to come by. Then you've got the snack area. They have Ben and Jerry's ice cream and then all the regular stuff movie theathers have. Anddddd they don't even check your bag! Use this as an opportunity to sneak some Wendy's fries in and leave your gun at home. Now the theaters. Talk about plush. It doesn't get as dark as I'm used to but I don't really want to be sitting on Jamaica avenue in complete darkness either, so that's good. The seats are friggin comfy! Seriously. Nice and soft and they lean all types of ways so you can snuggle right in to that chair and throw your feet up. The arm rests come up too! Score!It truly is a pretty decent movie theather..I only wish it wasn't on the ave. :/
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/14/2012,979,1051,8,9,9>After assisting with Super Star K Season 4, me and my friends were hungry as hell and wanted to eat something good for dinner. HELLS NO, we didn't want to eat near Times Square where your only options are overpriced chain restaurants and just pure crap despite our growling stomachs. Since I heard so many great things about Debasaki, we decided to drive over to Flushing. After we arrived to Flushing and parked in front of Debasaki, we enter this place and we were greeted by the servers and sat down pretty quickly. The food options here are very decent and the menu is clean and well organized. The decor and interior is VERY Korean and you have a bit of pricet due to the tables surrounded by high partitions. They have bells at the tables (this is authentically Korean as 90% of Korean restaurants in Korea have bells to call the server which is SUPER convenient btw) that you can ring to call your servers so service here is no problem and the servers will come to assist you in less than 5 seconds. Anyways, let's get to the main thing: FOOD!!!We ordered the following food:DEBASAKI WINGS-This is their signature dish; chicken wings seasoned with a blend of soy sauce, garlic. This was good but I think the wings were a bit skinny and didn't satisfy our hunger.GYOZA WINGS-Pretty unique style of stuffed chicken wings. The stuffing flavors consist of corn & cheese, kimchi, dumplings, Jalapeno peppers. These were very interesting and pretty tasty as well!!BONELESS BBQ WITH CHEESE-HOLY SHIT. These Boneless BBQ with mozzarella topping were AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! Large pieces of boneless Chicken breast literally smothered with really high quality Melted Mozzarella Cheese. It also comes with pieces of Rice cakes (Tteok-bokki). The taste is semi-spicy sweet which was just perfect.FRENCH FRIES- (On the house since I personally know a cute female server that works here ;)Probably the best fries I've ever had. This is a mixture of French Fries and Curly Fries which are perfectly crispy in texture and not over-salted. Very tasty!!I think this place qualifies as a very great casual place where you want to spend a night drinking out with your friends while having some really really good food. Why can't Korean restaurants in Manhattan be more like Debasaki or Sik Gaek in Queens? Seriously if you want Korean or Korean Fusion Food, head over to Queens, Manhattan SUCKS at Korean Food! Debasaki, I'll return for sure!! =)
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,3/4/2014,186,102,6,11,10>This area of Astoria is my old stomping ground, and I do not find myself here much anymore. However, I now have a good reason to return. New York City Bagel Coffee House is a long name. I'll admit that I pre-judged this place because of it's name. I expected it to be just another generic bagel/coffee place, but I couldn't have been more wrong!The staff was SO friendly and so patient! I was even complemented on my smile while I was deciding what to order (which did help with my decision to give this place 5 stars). That's what it's all about though: making your customers feel welcome and important!Well...that's not ALL it's about. The product is important, too. I ordered a dark roast and a blueberry bagel. The bagel was tasty and the coffee, from Stone Street Coffee Company, was delicious! It was perfectly brewed, rich and smooth. I quickly snagged the only open table left in the place, which was a high-top, right by the open front doors. Their free wifi allowed me to work, away from home, on some things that I really needed to finish. The music selection was great and I never felt pressured to leave. If I wasn't buzzing from the caffeine, I would've ordered another cup of coffee and stayed all afternoon. This is a great addition to the neighborhood. I am excited to bring my husband here this weekend!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,3/3/2014,356,239,4,10,8>My boyfriend and I always end up on these adventures around the city... last saturday after visiting the LIC Holiday market, we walked outside to find a sign advertising "fresh beer" with an arrow pointing inside a inconspicuous building...feeling intrigued we entered. To our delight we discovered a whole brewery. The Rockaway Brewery has been open over a year now and brews a great selection of unique beers. We ordered a flight to share for only 6 dollars. I enjoyed the Guinness like brew the best.The employees were so nice and the Head Brewer was there to teach us about the beers and the company. A great find and a LIC gem, perfect for a fun date in Long Island City. If we did not have other plans for the rest of the evening, we definitely would have taken some beer home. We plan on returning.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/2/2014,126,216,2,12,6>The last haircut I had was a bad experience, so I waited way too long to find a new place and a new stylist. Thanks to Yelp, I found GiGi and decided to go with Nina as my stylist. My hair had started to become super fragile and was breaking off at the ends, so I was worried I was going to have to cut off several inches. I consulted with Nina and told her I just wanted my hair to look healthy again and she told me that my hair was just dry and that I didn't need to cut that much off (!!). She sent me to get my hair washed, which was heavenly. The girl pretty much gave me a scalp massage for 10 minutes while simultaneously washing and conditioning my hair, and then I was sent back to Nina. Nina was great. She made sure I was aware of what she was doing and how much she was cutting off. I didn't feel nervous at all and I pretty much let her do her own thing and she did a wonderful job. She recommended product to keep my hair moisturized that wasn't even from Aveda and told me where to find it at a great price. My hair looks and feels amazing. I will definitely be seeing her again!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,3/1/2014,81,129,12,15,10>I can't thank enough for the affordable Parks and Recreation Centers in NYC!!!I have been a member of NY Parks and Recreation center for 3 years now. I started with a $75 per year membership, which was way way cheaper compared to any gym in the city. Last year they raised the price to $75 per 6 months, which is still way affordable than any gym in the City.I like the Flushing Meadow pool more than any other recreation pool in the city. First of all It is the only olympic sized pool in NYC, its the perfect spot for anyone training for Triatholons and Half Ironmans. Their pool is divided into 3 division with middle one seperated for lap swims. They are usually serious when it comes to lap swim. They have fast, medium and slow lap swim lanes. The life guards keep a watch on the lanes and move the people to slow lanes if they see them swimming very slow.The other day, I got to the pool area, they was a long line for lap swim. I told the life guard I would like to swim in the fast lane. To my surprise there was a man with Snorkeling equipment wondering around in the fast lanes. I couldn't understand what he was upto, he wasn't going to find any corals or fishes in the flushing pool. But, the good part was, as soon the life guard saw him disturbing the other fast swimmers, he asked the guy to move to the common swim area and I got to enter the pool.I like the organization/rules and regulations of this pool. It makes it the perfect spot for me to train for my triatholon. I get my long swims done here without any regrets. The only reason I don't give this pool a 5* is cause their changing and shower area aren't the cleaest. But for the price I am paying, I am very happy with what they have to offer.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,2/28/2014,77,97,5,9,6>I must have walked by this place dozens of times, but never thought to go in.One Friday night, my boyfriend and I finally took the leap and decided to have dinner there. It's a great little space with low lighting and nice decor. We were very lucky to have been seated right away because it only got busier as the night went on.Service was good even though it seemed like the waitress was MIA after we had ordered our food, but then again, it was busy and it seemed like they only have 2 waitresses working (good for their tips, a little slow on service for us).Boyfriend got the Banter Burger which looked yummy (I didn't try it). I got the Fish & Chips with mushy peas (one of my favs!). Their food presentation is lovely and their fries were delish! My fish tasted fresh and it was a huge piece. We were both pretty happy with our meals.I'll definitely come back here if I'm in the mood for some Irish pub fare. Maybe I'll even scope out their happy hour deals with a friend!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,2/27/2014,26,142,2,5,10>The ants have returned!! So I had to call Standard again to pester them to come fix this. Christine (the lady who booked my appointment for me last time the ants hounded my house) was very nice and sounded puzzled/concerned that the ants had returned, but nonethless had someone come by quickly.This 2nd batch of ants seemed stronger than the 1st (and also invaded my bathroom as well as my kitchen this time), so I had to call Standard a few more times to report that the treatments didn't seem to be working (across a period of 1-2 months). But each time, Christine was still very nice (I was expecting her to be annoyed at one point because I had to call them so much this time around, but she never lost her cool) and patient and even had 1 of her managers speak to me to assure me that they will fix this.This 2nd ant army finally did go away after a few more months. Yay!! Hopefully they'll stay away!Ironically, after all this, I wound up having to move, from Bayside to Astoria (not because of the ants, my lease was up and I moved in with my boyfriend). I guess if I ever need to call them again, at least I'll be geographically closer to their office haha.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,2/26/2014,36,186,3,13,6>I've been practicing yoga for only about a month. I take a couple classes a week at my regular gym, but never really had any formal introduction to yoga. My wife and I live right down the street from Yoga Agora and noticed they offer a "Basics" class for beginners. We went this past Saturday and were so impressed! The space is absolutely beautiful. Sure you can hear cars and such, but the wide open feeling you get with the skylight and floor-to-ceiling windows makes it all still feel peaceful. The studio was warm, but that was also kind of nice. Nick was the instructor and there was another instructor there to help out and keep an eye on our form. As the class filled up, they had us scoot our mats around the make room for everyone. By the time class started, however, it didn't feel crowded at all. I had plenty of space to move around.This class is an absolute MUST for anyone serious about yoga. Even if you've been practicing for a while, this class would help you. I felt so connected to the movement as well as the stillness. Nick does a wonderful job explaining yoga and how to place your body to achieve each pose. We covered the "foundation" poses (downward dog, plank, knees-chest-chin, cobra, mountain, forward fold, etc) I walked away feeling so much more aware of my body and breath. Plus he does a bit of meditation, which is lovely. We're both going to take a few more Basics classes and then venture into the Open classes. I'd love to try the Sunday meditation class as well. And (as everyone has mentioned) - super cheap! This class was donation based, but the most expensive classes are a mere $5. How can you possibly get better than Yoga Agora?
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/25/2014,427,354,4,6,8>This place is a dream! No,seriously. I almost thought it was some kind of joke. A nice restaurant/bar on the ave?! Could it be?! It COULD be and it is! From the cool decor, clean and inviting ambience, and phenomenol bar tenders, City Rib may just be my new spot. Located exquisitely in the mecca of all transportation in Queens!  You could come from near or far. If you have one too many frozen margaritas (which are delectable I should say) you can hop on a train, a cab, or a bus. Something will get you home safely which makes this spot super easy to get to. It would make perfect sense to start opening better businesses in this section of Queens. You need to come through here to go EVERYWHERE!I came here meeting up for a Mixer hosted by a friend of mine's older brother. The huge glass windows let you see just what you're going to be walking into. I was able to spot my friends before I opened the door. As I walked in I was approached by an employee, asking if I wanted a table. I informed her I was meeting friends at the bar and she led us right over. The bar tenders are the most delightful humans on the planet. Well at least Marie! She is an angel! She hooked my bff and I up all night and she makes amazing drinks. She is attentive, friendly, and has a really nice attitude. It's rare you receive such superb service on Jamaica avenue. It truly was a breathe of fresh air. She answered all of our questions and was always just a step away anytime we had something we wanted to know from her. Super knowledgeable about what goes on at this place and did I mention she is an angel!? Friggin' adored her.The place wasn't too crowded. It was a Thursday night and they have college night. Happy hour all night and if you come with your college ID you get 10% off. They play music and they gave away some t-shirts using raffles. I ended up spending under 20$ here and I ate and drank well!Sonny G. and I split the mac and cheese which was creamy and delicious, popcorn shrimp and fries, chili dusted calamari, and lava cake with a scoop of ice cream. I could not imagine how delicious everything tasted. The chilli dust on the calamari gave it an awesome kick. The popcorn shrimp was crisp and came with some cocktail sauce and fries in a little cute basket. Everything was so good I almost forget where I was. As we sat at the bar and scrapped the food off of our plates I was in heaven. Another woman, I'm not sure if she's the manager or what but she was pleasant as well. Came over to my friends and I and chatted with us. They have some pretty cool seating to the left of the bar and some tables lining the big glass windows. The bathroom downstairs is spotless which is a super plus. Nothing better than a clean bathroom.All in all, this place truly is a GEM in the area. I could easily see CIty Rib being some high end spot in the trendiest areas of Manhattan. I am so thankful and pleased that its just a short drive from home. It gives me hope that this area may be changing for the better. :::crosses fingers:::
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,2/24/2014,99,150,9,13,10>Authentic japanese food! I visited a couple times for lunch and dinner. Its literally right around the block from Ariyoshi which I used to frequent. There's alternate side street parking if your lucky or you can park under the 7 train. The first time I came, I brought some beer since its BYOB and the waitress was confused and informed me they just received their beer license. They let me drink my beer anyway. On my most recent visit, the place was about to close for lunch but the owner lady still let me sit. The lunch sets are really worth it for $12 and comes with 4 dishes, miso soup, and salad with ginger dressing. I opted for the sushi set which had 4 pieces of sushi, teriyaki salmon, sea bass with some dipping sauce, and veggies. Bf had a sushi set which was $14 which included sushi and a roll (pick any that is less than $8) on the menu. The sushi is really fresh compared to other places. The lobster roll special was so good and I wish they had it more often. Service is great and seems like the whole family works there. I hope this business succeeds cause its become one of my fav Japanese places.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,2/23/2014,593,1089,10,15,14>another knockout dining experience over on Metropolitan, Danny Brown is well-deserving of the praise it has been getting over the years.we started off with a salad that had a shallot/mustard vinaigrette. a little spicy, it certainly livened up the mixed greens (let's be fair, I can't get too excited for salad).as for the main dishes, we each got something we don't usually have at home - grilled Berkshire pork for me, and Caroline got the roasted skate. the pork was excellently grilled, tender and flavorful, and the roasted potatoes it came with were jawesome. portion size was pretty fair, I felt. I sampled a bit of the skate - I'm usually very picky about seafood, but it looked good - and it was actually quite delicious (not too much of that salty oceanic taste)! went well with the corn puree it was served atop.there's always that little extra pocket for dessert, and as such, I decided a slice of marscapone cheesecake was necessary. probably one of the best pieces of cheesecake I've had. it's kinda hard to describe, but other reviewers seem to agree with me on that.the atmosphere is comfortable, inviting, and casual with a twist of upscale. subdued lighting makes it a bit more romantic. I agree with other reviewers - make a reservation, you'll be glad you did (yes, they're on OpenTable).the service is friendly, attentive, and helpful. our waitress was more than happy to ply me with samples of the wines I was deliberating on, and was quite helpful in making the winning decision.pricing is fair for the quality and portion size, I felt.I'm hoping to come back and try their cured meat/cheese platters. hurray Danny Brown!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,7/3/2012,158,189,10,10,10>Being determined to make the most of the April Yelp challenge I searched (for hours) to find a restaurant that I a. wanted to eat at and b. had less than 10 reviews.  I found the two in El Omda. It's on 28th ave away from the deluge of restaurants that saturate Astoria. This might be why it's not as busy as it should be.  Armed with my appetite for different cuisines and a $25 coupon from restaurant.com I headed out on a Sat night with the girlfriend and high hopes.The restaurant itself it on the smaller side. About 10 regular tables and some low tables in the back that have cushions for you to sit on.  They have all sorts of different hanging light fixtures and the place is spotless. You can tell they take pride in their restaurant  and it shows. An  Egyptian soap opera was on in the dining room and i found myself watching it severak times. (it is my conclusion that soaps are bad in any language) We were greeted warmly and told to take any seat we liked. maybe 2 other sets of people were there while we dined. They do not serve alcohol in this restaurant so if you like to have a few cocktails before you eat I'd suggest pre-gaming at home.  They also do not serve pork but the menu is vast and there are many many options so I didn't find it to be limiting in any way.  After perusing the menu over and over again (everything sounded so good) I decided on the liver to start and the capon, the GF had seafood over pasta. Each meal come with a salad which as other reviewers have noted was done really well. The veggies, crisp and the dressing light. It also comes with some pickled vegetables, tahini spread and some really delicious bread.  A nice prelude to the rest of the meal to come.In my food selections I take the road less traveled. Hell I'll go as far as to say getting to my food choices involves  needing a machete, a compass and a torch. No man's land. I am often rewarded for this boldness with new and amazing tastes. And with that  my liver arrived. sauteed in olive oil with cumin and jalapenos (how did they know I love them)  It was out of this world. Really fresh (you know when you get bad liver) and seasoned perfectly.  Next was the capon, " But Chris ?" you ask, "What is capon?" It's basically castrated roosted. Yup I just said that and you can't unread it. They do that to make the meat taste better, less gamey if you will. And apparently it works. It was about the size of a cornish hen and was basically like eating a chicken that was entirely juicy delicious dark meat. And they stuff it with rice and said rice soaks up all of the juicy goodness of the bird.  Nicely done, probably could have been a little more meat but I was content. It came with the vegetable of the day which was okra in a light red sauce, also very very good.   My GF got the seafood over pasta, or as I will now refer to it as " 12lbs of seafood over 2lbs of pasta" Seriously It was a huge portion. ( I have a pic of it posted cuz I'm good like that) Pasta cooked perfectly, seafood really really fresh and a nice red sauce that had a little something extra to it. Very well done.After stuffing myself on delicious eats we skipped desert and opted for some Turkish coffee and Egyptian tea.  The coffee was great, gritty, but not too gritty if you know what I mean and the tea with it's fresh mint added was a nice way to settle my overstuffed stomach. I really really enjoyed my meal here. We were there for close to two hours. Just taking our time, never being rushed never treated like we didn't belong there. The owner came up a few times and asked how everything was. Our waitress was really nice too. offering options and making sure we were well taken care of. Our mission is to highlight the less reviewed, I've done my part, now it's up to you to come here and enjoy what El Omda is serving up.  I know you'll be happy you did because as I've always said, when it comes to food , always trust the fat kid :)
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,7/2/2012,1007,752,6,6,7>I ate here once recently and its a fairly decent restaurant in Flushing, Queens.The head chef is a old school guy from Taiwan. There are some pretty traditional dishes on their menu. Don't expect chicken wings, fried wontons and french fries from this Chinese restaurant. Food - Tasty, flavorful, and nice portion. I came in here a little late so I only got to eat the leftovers and from what I've tried, everything was pretty well cooked. Drinks - Tea, water, soda, and I think only 2 kinds of beer which were Budweiser and some other crap.Verdict - If you could find parking then give this place a shot. If not, then it's not worth the trouble because it took me a good 20 minutes or so to find parking in this area of Flushing. If you're from Flushing or a commuter by train or bus, give it a try. It's a small restaurant but they dish out pretty good stuff. It reminds me of an old Taiwanese restaurant (80's to mid 90's) that use to be in Jackson Heights on a corner of Baxter Avenue. It was a super tiny restaurant that delivered excellent food.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,7/1/2012,545,1338,20,25,23>In sixth grade my friends and I were busted for shoplifting a bottle of liquor from the local grocery store. We stood there in front of the store, escorted by a cop, while we waited for our parents to pick us up. It was idiotic and stupid, but boy did it feel good. The rush, the excitement, the feeling of being on the other side of the tracks. It felt good not to be square.Now don't get me wrong, I am far from being a kleptomaniac but really there is some joy from stolen things... The tip of an ice cream cone, kisses, candy from a baby... And now....THE TRIPE TACOThe waitress sat our tacos in front of us, "Tripe, tripe, and chorizo for you." Topped with guacamole and rolled like a cone, the Taqueria Coatzingo taco is signature and one not to be skipped. On goes the citrus, a little bit of spice, whatever you fancy to liven up your taco... I took a bite and heard a crunch. Interesting. It was more like eating chicharron than something tender and fatty like chorizo. Bite again. So good. Better than I remembered it. Being the visual person that I am, I took a look and saw a crispy filling than was more akin to fried onion rings than sliced up or crumbled chorizo. "Um, guys... I don't think this is chorizo."  "Hey, that's my taco!""Hey, that's MY taco!"My bad. So we did the whole switcharoo. The tacos were a fourth eaten but that's okay. Neither of us had any complaints. My one complaint was that I had to give it back."Wow. I had no idea the tripe tacos were like that. I thought they were going to be gross boiled pieces of tripe.""Are you kidding me? The tripe is like fried pieces of goodness! Why do you think I always get it?""OH." *head hangs down*There is a lot to love about Taqueria Coatzingo. First of all it's extremely casual and friendly. I often sit at the same table every time, can loiter for hours with my friends, and they don't kick me out. They don't mind that my tab barely surpasses $5 or that I divy up every dish (well not the taco... that's mine!). My favorite things to get at Taqueria Coatzingo are really the bigger ticket items: the enchiladas, the beef steak, a cemita... You will leave highly satisfied. I like the rice and I like the complimentary freshly fried chips and spicy salsa.Taqueria Coatzingo is open at all hours in the night and it's always full and busy. Service is a little slow, but what's the rush? The menu is a few pages long. It's gonna take you awhile to get through it... So linger... Linger a little while longer in Queens.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,6/30/2012,120,258,9,14,10>The Museum of The Moving Image is a great way to spend a couple of hours looking at neat collections of nostalgic entertainment. The museum is big enough to keep you entertained, but not so big it becomes overwhelming. Some things to look forward to:- retro arcades and video games- costumes and props from different movies- the evolution of video cameras, tvs, and other equipment- interactive areas where you can dub movies, add sound effects, etc.- collections of old toys and memorabilia from childhood shows- special exhibits (right now it's Jim Henson, which is superb)Like everyone else says, Fridays at 4pm is free, regularly it's $12. I've been a few times for Free Fridays and never had to wait in line to get in. So go! Stop putting it off like everyone else.*---------------* How many times have your local NY friends said "oh, I keep wanting to go to that." Lame. Don't be lame.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,6/29/2012,226,636,6,14,8>The way 30th avenue chugs out new restaurants, bars and lounges, I'm pretty skeptical when something new pops up, cause in the recent past a lot of new spots have been flops.Via Trenta blew that stereotype out the water however. 5 stars across the board - service, food, decor and vibe. My gf and I came in for dinner on a busy weekend night. Surprisingly, we nabbed a table right away; it was the only table available. Place reminds me of Vesta, minus the pretentiousness. Comfy seating, tables aren't on top of each other and the vibe is just causal and chill. We started the night with a bottle of prosecco, which hit the spot and we decided to split the oysters au gratin alla Fiorentina and the sushi-grade tuna tartar. Both were phenomenal; the oysters were cooked perfectly and reminded me a lot of the Oysters Rockfeller dish Astor Room puts out. The tartar was super fresh, with the avocado and heart of palm complementing it perfectly. After that, we both settled on pizza, with my gf going with the burrata while I went with the Via Trenta. If you've had the pizza by Vesta (and you know how good it is then) this pizza ranks right up there with it. Super thin crust, tasty and fresh ingridients: mine was covered with arugula, prosciutto and parmigiano;  my gf's had burrata, chiodini mushrooms and truffle spread. I loved mine but my gf's was some of the best pizza I had in recent memory. Thank god she didn't finish it all that night - I housed the last two slices for breakfast the next morning haha! Even after we finished our meal and with the restaurant still being packed to capacity, no one rushed us, water refills still came and when we had our last drop of prosecco, we left satisfied and happy!PS - that water they start you off with that tastes like soap is cucumber water
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,6/28/2012,395,204,17,15,15>This place opened up recently and my mother is all in-the-know on new Chinese restaurants up in Flushing, holler! Came with the moms. She's Shanghainese and I've been to Shanghai. The food tastes and look authentic. There's a lot of use of sauces, the food comes out scalding hot, and everything is really soft, even the meats -which in my opinion should NOT be soft. I don't know why Shangainese people like their meats, fishes, and vegetables soaked in oil and sauce all the time but that's what you should expect. It's great in my opinion, if you want authenticity. I noticed that a lot of the people who were working there and sitting down eating spoke in Shanghainese. If you don't know a lick of Shanghainese, you can learn, like right now:Lesson 1:Thank you, in Shanghainese is "Xiah-Xiah" (pronounced like Zsa Zsa, like Zsa Zsa Gabor)When we went, they had a buy one get one (BOGO) free deal on the soup dumplings. Sometimes I notice that Chinese restaurants don't have English in their menus and for me, who IS Chinese but don't really read or write, have trouble ordering. This place HAS English in their menus so all you liberal round-eyes can bring your other liberal friends here to impress them on how cool and experimental you are -even though there are like a ton of Shanghainese places everywhere, now.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,6/27/2012,262,613,6,9,11>Forget the hot tub time machine. Forget  about flying around the earth a la Superman. HG Wells go to M Wells- if you want genuine time travel visit Eddie's Sweet Shop, a Forest Hills institution that's been serving up sweets for decades. You'll be transported back in time to a simpler time when teenagers sat at an ice cream parlor on dates, families shared sundaes and candies cost a penny. I observed all that , and more, during a trip last night to Eddie's. (Minus the penny candies. The price has entered the 21st century). I'm almost ashamed to admit having lived in Forest Hills for 4 years and not once venturing into this legendary spot. That, my friends, will change.There was about a ten minute wait for seating. You can sit at either the bar (Do they call it a bar if alcohol isn't served? Counter, I suppose) or grab one of the tables in the back. Choose from a variety of homemade ice cream flavors, toppings and syrups. Drink an egg cream. Behold the cream and cherry on top that could be a dessert in itself. See the refrigerator that's at least 75 years old. Hear the sounds of an ancient cash register. It's like a living museum where you can eat sweets!My scoop of vanilla chip with butterscotch was sinfully good. Almost too rich to finish, I managed to mop up the residual melted bits that escaped the serving cup. Forget scotch, butterscotch is where it's at!Prices are reasonable as well. Two ice cream sundaes and one egg cream came in at $13.75.  The staff was friendly and the whole experience was just overwhelmingly wholesome.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,6/26/2012,586,742,4,14,10>*New Dance Studio* that opened up in Jackson Heights, Queens area.  They have Salsa and Zumba classes.I go for Zumba with my favorite instructor, Daniela.  I've been following her around since March of this year... and went down a size in my pants.  (No, I don't have a scale to weigh myself at home).She teaches class on Saturday mornings and Tuesday evenings at this new studio.  I like Daniela because she's more focused on dance moves, and her moves provides for targeted areas of the body.  My stomach always seems to be more toned every time I leave her class.Zumba classes are $12 each, or 5 classes for $50.  What are you waiting for?  GO GO GO!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,6/25/2012,593,1089,11,12,12>a sports bar which offers a lunch special that could knock even Chinese takeout lunch specials out of the park - and it is owned by none other than Darryl Strawberry!first off, the food is tasty. my favorite of what we had was the chili - both ground beef and brisket in chili?! the menu is good ol'fashioned BBQ and pub food. looking at the menu, the prices are pretty fair. that $10 lunch special sounds really clutch: soup, salad, entree, and a pint of beer. yeah, you read that right.you'd think a sports bar would have "meh" taps - but while they do have the big guys here (Coors, Miller, etc), there's Blue Point Toasted, Duvel, Lagunitas, Spaten, and Chimay? I want to say around 15 beers on tap/bottle, so there's something for everyone. bartenders are great here.the atmosphere is sweet here. huge bar with a lot of TVs - but not so many that you're overwhelmed. some sports bars go overboard and there's a TV screen blaring at you every two feet! can't...hear...myself...drink! there's a section of tables and booths where it's a little quieter, as well as a big back room. lots of sports memorabilia here and there's something for every NY major league sports teams.as I mentioned in my review of the Yelp event, I got here early enough to talk to the managers, James and Morgan, and some of the staff. really friendly people and they were excited to host the event. they're also ramping up with events during the week - bingo, karaoke, game show trivia - so it's not Just Another Sports Bar. there are also more sports-related events and specials that you should keep an eye out for.getting here is not as bad as you think. a block away is the Douglaston LIRR, roughly 30 minutes from Penn Station. there's metered parking outside, and they have a parking lot across the street ($3 for as long as needed; get the ticket stamped in the bar). if you can get to Flushing, the LIRR stop there is on the same line, if that helps your commute. also - Darryl's charity foundation raises money for autism awareness/research here too, which is great to see. the mainstream media always focuses on negative stuff with celebrities and often overlooks their good deeds.I must return.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,6/24/2012,227,484,12,13,14>These cupcakes are totally ruining my wedding diet!  I just felt the need to share and warn all you girls who are on diets, do not go here!The store was cute and they sell Mighty Tea and Illy coffee.  If you're going to have designer cupcakes, you have to have designer beverages.I tried the Burberry which is a strawberry cupcake, filled with fresh strawberries, frosted with vanilla whipped cream and a Versace cupcake which is a Tiramisu cupcake, soaked with wine and coffee, frosted with creamy mascarpone frosting.Both were moist and the best part was when I cut them in half to share them.  The frosting was creamy, whipped, and soft!  It was so light, it made it so easy to eat.  Normally if the frosting is too sweet for me, I end up scraping it off.  No need with these!  However if you're not a fan of whipped cream frostings, then you may not enjoy these cupcakes as much.  I think all of the frostings are light & whipped.  The Tiramisu cupcake was layered with different textures & flavors.  It's almost like a coffee crumb cake where you have the top coffee flavor and then the regular vanilla cake on the bottom.  This was the favorite of my Fiance and I.I can't say enough of about the cute store.  The sugar and stirrers were in a cute jewelry box!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,9/4/2013,105,226,6,8,6>We were trying to find a place to eat tonight and stumbled upon Bubbas. The owner greeted us outside, and he told us that if we were unhappy with any food, he'd gladly refund our money. Luckily, this meal was terrific, and we paid him happily. After we left, my friend commented that this was one of the best meals he had in a long time! My boyfriend and I went with another couple, and we had a fantastic night. We started with the "Southerner" bowls of fries. It was basically fries covered in pulled pork and delicious cheddar cheese sauce. It was so good-- really well done. One friend got ribs, while both guys opted for the Delta Double-- ribs and chicken combo. While everyone gushed over how juicy and delicious the ribs were (they had an interesting teriyaki/bbq combo sauce which was really tasty), the chicken was moist and delicious. Each platter was HUGE, and also came with veggies and mashed potatoes. The owner was so sweet, he came over and chatted with us, answered all our questions and obviously really loves his restaurant. At the end of the meal, we were the only table left (this is so sad-- we hope more people discover how amazing this place is!) so they brought us over delicious apple cake and flan on the house. Seriously a sweet touch! The prices were phenomenal too-- I think our whole bill came out to $60 (before tip) for 4 people, and that included the appetizer and some soft drinks. We will definitely be back to Bubba's! Check it out!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/3/2013,227,484,11,11,10>After years of being on my bookmarks list, I finally made it here this year.  Glad to see there is no longer a wait for a table!  Now that I've been here, I came back a few times.  It was that great and memorable.  You get large portions and fresh authentic Peruvian food.Here's some of my recommendations:Parihuela (soup) with clams, mussels, shrimp, octopus, calamari and scallops.  It's a tomato based broth with just a bit of kick and sourness.  It's like the Peruvian version of Tom Yom Soup.  You must get this!  Even on a hot day!Anticuchos - Delicious veal heart.  It doesn't taste like heart, it's very tender, marinated and juicy.Any ceviche's, you won't be disappointed in the freshness of any of their seafood varieties.Entrana Saltada tender sliced skirt steak stir-fried with onions and tomato with rice and french fries - I typically don't like skirt steak, so this is the only place I'll eat it.  Arroz Mariscos (Peruvian Paella) yellow rice mixed with fresh seafood  - Huge portion, get ready to share with 2 people!  This is the best paella I've had in Queens.  It's not typical because it doesn't contain saffron, but you're not missing it because the yellow rice is so good on it's own!Also any of their Tallarin Verde (pesto sauce pasta).  It's Pasta Mixed In A Basil, Spinach And Cheese Sauce.  Sooo good, the best is here!  I can't stop eating this pasta!There's always parking available on the street and the atmosphere of the restaurant is perfect.  One time there were violinist playing music here, I think they wandered in from store to store.  This is my go to place for Peruvian now.  Although I haven't tried their typical rotisserie chicken.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,9/2/2013,316,268,10,18,16>Watch out! Although this place has been sitting on 40th rd for years.. there's a new (to me..) Malaysian place in the game. Enticing me with a BBQ station, curry mee galore, and the all so familiar yet stinky scent of belachan that my Southeast Asian blood loves so much. Malay Restaurant. A place I often pass and ignore to go to the other Malaysian place up the block. Until one day, the boy and I decided to peer inside beyond the window covered in food photos to see that it was a packed house on a Saturday night. You're greeted by a grill up front, cooking up orders of satay and tender skate fish. The accompanying peanut sauce is thick and tasty yet totally unnecessary as the satay meat itself (whether you go with the beef or chicken) is flavored quite well. Order the grilled skate and enjoy dipping the fish liberally into the tongue tingling sambal it comes with. The curry laksa here has the chefs at other places that 'taste good', quivering in their shoes. While it's not as aromatic, the consistency is wonderful and it wins over those I've tried just because it packs good heat. I spent most of the night alternating between sips of the curry broth and the Malaysian iced coffee to cool my tongue down.The char kuey teow with cockles are just right.. with the little morsels tasting fresh rather than "blood" as they do at other places. You can't go wrong with any of the sambal dishes. Although rather mild, the balance of salt, sweet and funk easily remind my Southeast Asian friends of home. Whoever thinks great Malaysian food cannot be found in NYC has not enjoyed some of the dishes offered here. The restaurant is quite small and during most nights, you can expect a small wait for a table - with good reason too. The food is great and has definitely earned a spot into my Malaysian restaurant rotation.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/1/2013,325,275,10,14,11>This is not so much a business review, but more about a long term relationship.  Mr Um has been cutting mine and my son's hair since he was little and is now going on 15 years.  Mr Um has had to move his business twice, once to Northern Blvd where he joined up with another shop and now at his current location.  I thought we had lost track of him, but to our surprise last year, we received a text saying he was reopening on 41st Ave.Mr Um is a quiet man that speaks scattered English and we speak very little Korean, but we've had this long lasting customer relationship.  When his shop was on Cherry Ave, he had a business partner, Mr Kim, that was as jovial as Mr Um is stoic.  We lived through Mr Kim's battle with leukemia, joyful at his recovery and sadly at his passing.  My son always wanted Mr Kim to cut his hair.  Mr Um is a model Asian man, likes to woodwork making contraptions to use in the shop and has asked us to translate signs he would put up for his Chinese customers.Mr Um is a classic barber, though using electric clippers, does all his fine work with scissors and finishing off with the straight razor. The best thing about getting a haircut here is to catch up on all the lad mags like Maxim, FHM, Woodworking & Popular Science.  We hope to be customers here for years to come.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,8/31/2013,422,494,9,8,7>Can't find a place to take a date?Done.  Mezze Place's cozy interior while a smaller said venue but it adds in a Mediterranean flair that is sure to impress your lady companionThe food was very good.  I was surprised actually before even though I am a FOODIE Mediterranean foods can either be a hit or miss with me. Must tries - Red Lentil Kofte (baby Mediterranean spring rolls, yes), Chicken Sausage (who doesn't love chicken on a stick, chicken anything really), and Lamb Sausage (perhaps one of the better lambs I've had in recent memory INCLUDING those infamous Halal truck guys).Things to note - 1) You should be somewhat familiar with Mediterranean geography or not but it helps especially there is a GIANT MAP inside this restaurant and you can impress your date by playing the  "guess how many cities I can name without glancing at the map" game.  You should play this drunk.2) The bathroom is SUPER SMALL. Small as in you have to really learn how to maneuver your body inside so that you don't break your shins on the porcelain toilet bowl walking in.  3) This is a GREAT area to walk that food off for that romantic setting.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/30/2013,101,229,9,15,10>The bottom line with this place: excellent portion / price ratio, very good flavor, super fast service, and convenient to my house.  I'm a big fan of Tamashii Ramen.  This new ramen place opened up on Broadway and I've been waiting patiently for weeks walking home from the subway every day and seeing the metal shutters on this place halfway down with people stirring inside getting the place ready for business.  So, when my Dad said he wanted to go to dinner tonight, I suggested we try this place out and we went with my cousin.  It was a good choice.We got the Champon ramen, Syoyu Ramen, Octopus appetizer (Tako), Kara Age (fried chicken with salad), Gyu Don, and some kind of other Don that had this like garlicky pork in it that was really good.  The main ramen dishes are fairly large and the Don dishes are I'd say 60% of the size of the main dishes but about half the cost.In any case, the food was really good and also really affordable.  The Champon had lots of seafood in it (like clams and squid and stuff) and was a bit spicy for my Dad's palate, but most people would consider it mildly spicy.  My Syoyu ramen was good as well.  I'd say that the broth had a miso-y flavor that I'd expect from Syoyu ramen and two slices of pork that were tender and juicy.  The noodles themselves were the best part: firm and bouncy and not overcooked.    My Dad enjoyed the Take appetizer, but it was a bit small.The place itself looks modern with lots of dark wood and hanging vinyl posters that depict all of the different dishes you can order.  It's kind of cool that the menu is on the wall basically (minus the prices, that's what the real menu's for).  One complaint I had is that it was tough for 3 of us to get a table together so they sat us at the bar.  Therefore, I'd say this is more of 1 or 2 person party type of place.  Anyhow, I had an awesome time here and will probably come back a lot since it's reasonably priced and on the walk home from the subway for me.  If you want a quick meal that's cheap, just go with the Gyu Don or another one of the Don dishes.  They have a kimchi one that I want to try that looks good and potentially actually healthy for you to eat.  Otherwise, I plan to try all the ramen dishes on my way home from work.  They also serve sake and beer as well, I think in case that's what you're Jonesing for.The place gets 4 stars and not 5 because there were no dishes that particularly reached out and strangled me with their flavor.  But, I think Tamashii Ramen will fill a much-needed niche  in the neighborhood since I don't know anywhere else in the area that does ramen particularly well in addition to offering several other great choices.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/29/2013,133,638,6,11,7>I had to choose an emergency room to take my mother and was checking out hospital reviews on what else but good ole Yelp. Ny hospital of queens had decent reviews and it was close to my house so in we went. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon and the waiting area was pretty crowded. We waited about an hour or less before we were triaged. The triage nurse, yolanda was a sweetheart and took my moms medical background and then we were sent in the er room for tests n to see a dr. Every staff we encountered was friendly and professional. The doctor's clearly explained all of the procedures and plan of action. My mom was admitted to the ETAP (Early treatment to Admitted patients) section in the basement and had a private little room with a free tv and phone. The nurses were sooo helpful and genuinely empathetic towards my mom and her visitors.  I witnessed other employees stopping to help people who seemed lost and it was truly a refreshing feeling in NYC since everyone is usually so focused on themselves and rushing to get where they have to go.  We're definitely sending thank you cards for the professionalism and kindness we received throughout her stay. She had a follow up appointment at 9AM and she was seen at 9:20AM by the same specialized doctor who remembered her and was patient to ensure she understood her medications and next steps...
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/27/2013,170,221,5,10,6>My husband and I come here all the time. We're vegan and options in this area are slim so this is our go-to. Food quality is consistently good, service is prompt, and the atmosphere is pleasant. I really have no complaints. I never seem to come here when it's too busy so they're happy to put 2 people at a table of 4 if it's available. Veggie dumplings, peanut salad, chinese brocoli, sauteed dishes - all good and they have tofu and vegetarian duck as an option as well.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/26/2013,70,54,25,22,21>I'm typing this review with fingers still warm and wonderfully greasy from my meal here. It was so good that I couldn't even stop and wash my hands to yelp. I will warn you - do not, DO NOT change your mind about eating here when you see the faded awning or the old-fashioned felt menu with plastic letters and numbers. Do not walk away when you see the grungy tiled flooring or the cheap laminate seating. And do not let the fact that it's bizarrely placed between a quasi-residential area and a sprawling temple lead you away. This place is the real McCoy, and the delicious smells that surround you upon entrance are only the beginning of what promises to be a great meal. There's been much mention about the kindness of the man at the counter and I was delighted to find how true it was. I told him I'm a vegan and admitted that what little I know about South Indian cuisine could fit in the eye of a sewing needle. Completely unfazed, he patiently walked through the short menu with me and explained what was in each one. He also gently directed my greedy eyes away from other things that contained non-vegan ingredients (when you see the menu, you'll understand why it feels okay to be greedy here - the prices are more than decent with most of the items hovering at the $4 mark, and a few offerings that tip the scale toward $7 but no higher). In the end, I settled on a mysore masala dosa and an order of samosas. I was sorely tempted to eat it right then and there, but felt awkward enough about being the lone yellow Asian in a sea of brown people that I finally ponied up the 50 cents to get it wrapped to go. Two quarters are a steep price to have it wrapped as shabbily as it was - in little more than aluminum foil and foam cups and plates - but it was strangely endearing and homespun, the way a friend or neighbor might wrap leftovers for me to take home. Confession - I live about ten minutes away from Dosa Hutt and I fully intended to start eating only when I got home but having those smells wafting around me in the small, enclosed space of my car was driving me wild. So if you caught sight of an Asian girl stuffing her facehole while cruising down Kissena this afternoon, I hope you enjoyed the show as much as I enjoyed eating the samosas. They come two per order, and because I dug in mere minutes after leaving Dosa Hutt, they were still scorchingly hot. Not that that stopped me - I pushed my pain tolerance to new levels as I couldn't help but gobble down bite after bite of pillowy potato and vegetables, swathed with a complex entanglement of spices that I couldn't even begin to identify but HOT DIGGITY DAWG it was good. I dug into the mysore masala dosa when I got home, only to quickly realize the man wasn't kidding when he warned me about its level of spiciness. I foolishly thought my Korean palate would make quick work of any spices this kitchen had to offer, but the dosa had my tongue tingling with mild terror (in a good way, the way of fast roller coasters and scary movies). Like the samosas, each bite spun my taste buds in such a delightful dance, I  couldn't stop eating and instead did as Usher once said - "Gotta' let it burrrrn!" The menu describes dosas as 'crepes', but I would argue that this is much denser with a toothsome heft, owing to the rice and lentils that they use for the dough, and therefore stands up bravely to the task of containing the hot, hearty filling. The mysore masala calls for spicy potato chunks, smattered with sauteed onions, and it's offered with three dipping sauces. I wish I knew more about them to describe them better, but because I don't, I can only identify them as (1) the sweet one, (2) the dark green one, and (3) the light green smoothie-looking one. I diplomatically dipped bites into each cup and found that all three were equally delicious. Even better was finding that they'd included a free small soup of soup which was (of course) also spicy, but delicious and hearty just the same. For eight Georgies, I managed to stuff myself silly and might've even done well enough with just one order. Great food, great find, and will most certainly be back again.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,8/25/2013,316,408,3,7,8>Wow, Peter, you finally made it to Rincon. Better late than never, I suppose.Rincon Criollo is the real deal; what almost every Yelper says it to be: Solid, delicious, authentic Cuban food served by a good staff. I'm still drooling over the croquettas and the chicharron de pollo (mmmm...that sauce on top.....mmmmmm). And those rice and beans...OMG! I am very picky about my beans but Rincon got them just right. Overall, spectacular meal (sans the somewhat meh sangria)!You must make your way here to eat. The top hits (chicharron de pollo, the paella, the oxtail) will get you rolling out of here happy. Just be sure to bring cash or an Amex when you decide to dine here (There is a *tacky* ATM inside for the Visa/MC users... but no one wants to be charged that service fee) and just enjoy.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/24/2013,311,812,6,10,9>I was told the location of our Valentine's Day dinner would be a surprise but I was delighted when I found out we were going to Il Poeta.  As I said that night right before we left the restaurant, "I can't think of a single reason why I would give this place less than five stars."  Shortly after being seated, we were brought a basket of bread which came with lentils soaked in olive oil.  I had never seen this before but it was a true taste sensation.  Given the option of ordering off of either a prix-fixe menu or the regular menu, we decided to order off of the regular menu.  It was nice to be able to choose though.  We started our meal by sharing an order of calamari which was served with both tartar sauce and marinara.  Sometimes calamari can have a rubbery texture but these were perfect.For my entree, I ordered the mushroom risotto that typically comes with shrimp but I ordered it without shrimp.  I'm one of the only people I know who don't like shrimp, come to think of it.  The risotto was one of the best I've had and the portion was extremely generous.  It was very hard to decide what to order, though--everything sounded so good!  Too full from our appetizer, meal and the bottle of red wine we devoured, we decided against ordering dessert, as tempting as the offerings looked.    The service was impeccable and one of the waitresses even took a couple great pictures of us before we headed home for the night.  Il Poeta was terrific and I hope to return soon.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,8/23/2013,142,211,7,12,10>New is old. Old is new. That's particularly the case with Lao Chengdu (whose name translates to Old Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province). This new Flushing Sichuan restaurant's menu has all the hallmarks of spicy Sichuan cuisine: cold slippery noodles with Sichuan peppercorns, fried vegetables topped with pork bits, boiled bone-in-fish served in cauldron of chili oil, pickled cabbage and other vegetables, dense twice cooked pork, fiery mapo tofu, etc. Lao Chengdu is a restaurant that you'll keep wanting to return to. The menu goes beyond that of standby Spicy and Tasty. It's hard to make generalizations when you haven't tried the whole menu but I found the food to be a bit spicier at Lao Chengdu versus other Sichuan restaurants. Beyond the classics, there were also more rare items like frog legs, offal, rabbit and other delicacy-like items. Super intriguing. I took the simple route and tasted the classics: fried green beans with pork (amazingly balanced with not too much oil), spicy cold noodles (delicious with a rich nutty flavor), beef with celery (served homestyle, a simple dish with balanced flavors) and a few pickled items. All were delicious and worth returning for.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,8/22/2013,126,111,14,16,10>While naming your new (?) business "My Favorite Beauty Spa" could be a tad presumptuous, especially when you're based in Flushing - where there is a plethora of affordable, no-frills, Asian salons and body spas, I was willing to let this slide in favor of my first facial ever via a $19 Groupon deal.Given that I'd never had a facial before, and lacked the good sense to Google "what happens during a facial," (uh, obviously during a SafeSearch), I stood in the room rather awkwardly for a minute after my therapist/aesthetician/what do I call her? explained to me that I should put on the terry half-wrap.  I haplessly wore it around my neck and I saw Vera's eyes light up in amusement before she fixed it for me, tucked appropriately under my armpits.What happens:You're in a room with a long table covered in sheets with a blanket on top.  What you're supposed to do is undress and lie on the sheets wearing your half-wrap, but I kept my jeans on because it was a particularly cold day and I didn't feel like it made sense to take off my pants to get a facial.  Something about that sentence is alarming, don't you think?Vera and another person wheeled a huge machine (from what I could hear; I closed my eyes ASAP because I was tired and opportunistic) and a cart of facial creams/supplies into the otherwise bare room - everything is painted a calming lavender, but they don't have any hooks or shelves adorning the walls.  My clothes and jacket went into a square box in a corner of the room.  You go through two rounds of facial cleaning, then several of massage/facial cream/face rub/exfoliation/facial cream/steam/etc. in a designed order I can't recall.  The massage extends to your upper back, which was something my shoulders have been crying out for for months, so my knots started to disappear.The thing that I was not prepared for was the discomfort-read-pain of the extractions.  I definitely wanted them, and am grateful they were included in the deep-cleaning facial (5 days later, my face looks great, but be warned, freshly-treated faces look raw and spotty), but I have no pain tolerance and Vera adjusted her technique a bit when she could tell I was bad at taking it like a true woman, you know, all that crap about how beauty hurts.For $19 + tip, it was beyond worth the trip to Flushing, with the marshmallow in the cocoa (too cold for ice cream/cake analogies) being how sweet (hehe!) Vera is.  I didn't buy any more deals for the time being, but I definitely see myself going back here and making "My Favorite Beauty Spa" "My Go-To Beauty Spa" because the facial was thorough, revitalizing, and a complete 60 minutes not counting un/dressing and preparations!  I love when the time applies to the full procedure rather than the appointment :)  Plus deep-tissue massages are $35 according to the list of services I swiped (with permission!) on my way out.Go buy yourself the Groupon if it's still available.  Then let's go together - I'll pay for mine in full if someone joins me next time.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,8/21/2013,58,228,14,18,16>Great local Italian Ice spot. But they don't just make ices. They make Frozen yogurt, ice cream and gelato. They are also open ALL YEAR. Thank you!! I can get my fix whenever I need it.They have so many flavors that it really is super hard to choose just one. And be warned that in the summer, at night, the wait can be a little long. But once you have tasted it, you'll see why everyone comes here. The pistachio is definitely among my favorites. The frozen yogurt is also much creamier than other places (like Pink Berry or Red Mango). Definitely worth a try.The staff is really nice and they try to get the line moving as fast as possible. One of my favorite places for a sweet treat :)
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/20/2013,1195,408,13,15,13>The. Bomb.  Big. Bodacious. Behemoth.  Brobdingnagian.  Beastly.  Badass.All alliteration aside... one of the best feelings in the world is when the goods come as advertised (kinda like Lebron in the 4th qtr of game 6 of last night's game...), and I certainly did hear a fair share of hype from some good Yelp authority (shout-out to Gary L) that I should staple my socks to my shins... as they were about to be blown off.Aside from being a charming deli with your standard run of the mill fare (chips, drinks, etc.) they got sandwiches blown up to (gratefully) excessive proportions.  I see the rolls on the side, and they ain't for display, these troops see action on the regular.  Take the Bomb, which has now taken a special place in my heart (literally, I could have a clogged artery or something... keep reading).  Mounds of cold cuts on on a 12 inch monster roll.  About every slice of meat that is available at the counter is piled on gratuitously, like meat is going out of style or something.   The Bomb could easily feed 6 small children, or a super model for a week, or just a really hungry me.  It all goes so well together.  I definitely got the punch from the pepperoni, and the peppers and mustard just set the whole sandwich off brilliantly.I'm told to try other sandwiches here, as they are all attested to be brilliantly crafted as well.  But for fear of being underwhelmed after THAT (Bomb), I think I'll stick with what I know.  If the formula ain't broke, right?!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,8/19/2013,183,187,13,20,17>Ok ok... I'm glad we gave them yet another try... But it took a while for them to step up their game, it feels, but better late than never, yes? :DCame here yrs ago when they first opened, no good -_-. Came back many more times intermittently, still not palate happy. It was usually a table of unhappy ppl and leaves with faces like this =\Well... Some friends and/or yelpers have suggested I give 'em a try again, and we were so please that we did! The only down side was the pricing, VELLY EXPENSIVE for TW food -_-; but I'm still willing to return. Food: better flavoring & presentation now! Some of them might just be salty, but my party enjoyed each dish (this is a REALLY big plus considering we nvr enjoyed ANY dish before). Worth noting* Smelly Tofu (good sauce)3-cup mushroom and 3-cup squid (fragrant & goes well w/ rice)Shredded beef w/ spicy peppers (good balance of beef & small spicy kick)Lu Rou Fan AKA minced pork over rice (excellent Lu Rou sauce and comes with egg! lots of other places dun give egg no more)And most importantly, SHAVED ICY (must get taro balls & condensed milk as toppings, u'll like it, trust me ^_~)Service is awesome when the young waiters are around (bilingual, super nice, super cool). They greet, are speedy, and was nice enough to settle my friends' lock-less bikes in the restaurant without a single word of complaint. Very glad to have a friendly place like this in stink-face-heaven Flushing. Last but not least, pretty decor plus private party rooms available for big groups. Closes around 10PM so come early!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/18/2013,30,10,10,10,12>Cali Red Lounge is one of the few Flushing Main Street bars which I visit frequently. This Bar/KTV lounge is kept hidden within the confines of the building right next to Busy Mall however once you find the building, you just enter the elevator to the mezzanine level and you're there.Upon entering, a U-shaped counter is in plain sight with couches and tables set-up to accomodate larger groups. Private Karaoke rooms were also available but I myself have never tried out their rig.An abundance of different liquors are displayed on the wall with a few select beer options in the refrigerators. The available cocktails are generally limited to their menu but the owner Jasmine and the bartender Valentina can whip up a custom cocktail, provided the required ingredients are stocked up. Depending on which of the many bartenders makes your cocktail, the drink can range from decent to spectacular. I myself am partial to Jasmine's Irish Cream Coffee on the rocks. The prices are $6 for a beer and $8-$10 for cocktails. Non-alcoholic drinks such as coffee (instant) and tea are also available.The service provided  during my numerous visits has been very accomedating. The bartenders ask you if you want another drink, refill your empty glasses of water or bowls of bar snacks, and even spark up interesting conversation; a perk not found amongst the other bars in Flushing which I have been to.The main lounge area has a selection of various American and Chinese songs where you can easily sing your heart out with a friend. The music is generally loud but not overwhelming, albeit having to raise your voice to have conversation.The incoming crowd is generally young and most of them are down to talk and relax. Based on my own personal experience, you can easily approach someone (assuming there is no language barrier) and just talk about anything or invite them for a game of dice or even beer pong. Because of its hard-to-find location, Cali Red does not get over-packed unless they have special event nights happening.All-in-all, Cali Red is a great place to go to solo or as a group to just unwind from the stress of everyday life. The great service, ambience, and great crowd have made me come back again and again.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,8/17/2013,37,111,5,11,8>Delicious!This place definitely gets my vote for best new Astoria restaurant.  Fresh seafood, reasonable prices, good service, friendly chef, a great combination.We started with the Crab Bites with the spicy remoulade - Yummy.  Definitely going to get those when we come back.I got the catch of the day - Red Snapper.  Usually seafood specials can be quite expensive, but it was only $19 and came with delicious mashed potatoes and mushrooms.  My dining companion got the Pollock BLT which was huge and tasty.We ordered a side of mac n cheese which was decent.  The Chef however came out to insist he didn't make it quite right and he gave us complimentary vegetables and made a fresh mac n cheese to take home at the end of the meal too.All in all, a great new addition to Astoria and different to everything else we have in the neighborhood.  It was pretty quiet having only been open a short time and being tucked away on a side street, which is a shame.  Go visit them!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,8/16/2013,783,346,8,8,10>il bambino would make any Astorian swell with pride (and caloric intake).  Yes, this is a reason to venture to the outer borough.You can't go wrong with a panini if you read the ingredients and pick what you like.  Often times the aoili or various sauces used gels the flavor really well - forming yummy party in your mouth.  Brunch Paninis:-Bacon Butty - avocado & blue cheese.  Love the combination.  It is also fun to say.  Butty. haha.- Pork Chopper is the one of the more filling brunch paninis, stuffed with porchetta, very similar to pulled pork feel.  Jalapenos give it a nice kick if you like your morning panini spicy- Weekend debris - I just remember this being a LOT.  Sausage is good and the chili oil is a good flavor - but overall a bit on the oily side - Getting Piggy with It - how could you not eat this.  I'm a sucker for onion marmalade.The COFFEE during brunch is amazing - so smooth you can drink it black.  My kind of coffee.Dinner:- Smoked bacon - like a delicious BLT- Porchetta - most "satisfying" meat-wise if you prefer that over one of the dried meat fillings- Berkshire Ham- this has a sweeter flavor to it from the peach mustard.  But the ham reminded of deli ham, though it's much better quality.  Chorizo - intense flavors, especially with the blue cheese and jalapenos, though the avocado balances it out nicely- Cappa Ham - good savory optionI really like their savory-sweet combinations, next time I'll probably get the Proscuitto with gorgonzola and fig a try.  Don't discount the appetizers & crostinis - the roasted carrots and baby string beans are good.  A tad on the salty side.  The mushroom truffle butter is excellent.  I don't care if you don't like mushrooms.  50% off wines on Mondays is another excuse to go.  Only thing I didn't like here was the Avocado, Scallions, Buttered Cheese Toast on the appetizer - it turned out to be basically fluffy butter with whipped cream texture on crostini.  How could that be bad?  It just wasn't what was expected - no avocado taste, it was like eating something fatty but not flavorful.  And it was more expensive than the crostinis.  I love it here, and if Manhattanites don't want to come out to Astoria, that's fine by me - shorter wait times!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,8/15/2013,62,321,12,5,5>If I ever need a piece of fruit at 3AM so badly I need to take advantage of United Brothers' 24-hour availability, I think I will have to re-evaluate a few things. But you never know. I could be curled up in the fetal position some night...shaking, sweating...jonesing hard for a Bartlett pear...and man, would I be relieved to have the option.I love this place. Huge selection and lots of staff to ensure a speedy transaction. I'm a spoiled and impatient man- I shan't wait for fresh figs. I simply shan't. Time is money, my good man. And speaking of money, United Brothers offers incredible prices on most things. I leave with more fruit and vegetables than any man has a right to consume. In fact, when I walk out with my bags, I feel simply ostentatious. Yeah, I peacock a bit, but I got a great deal on this California spinach. What of it, b*tches?
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,11/3/2012,1515,3352,4,11,7>A wildlife refuge in New York City... YES, it does exist! The serenity of the landscape is invigorating of 9,155 acres of nature's purity.  Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge, a unit of Gateway National Recreation Area and a member of National Park Service, encompassing two freshwater ponds and 325 species of birds have been identified in the park.  With a friend in dire need of an escape from my abject painful life's woes, whom I've been a Queens resident nearly all my existence I have NEVER visited this refuge until now.  Upon check-in at the Visitor's Station all visitors are required to register for a free hiking permit, a waiver to sign to oblige National Park Service's rules:  no bikes in both ponds, no swimming, no fishing, no dogs, no camping, no camp fires, no fire arms to threaten wildlife animals, and no vehicles.  Park Rangers are friendly and attentive with any questions and instructions of the trails.  Parking is free and admission is free.  This Visitor Station render books and lectures for children and avid nature buffs where Ecologists and Park Rangers are spawn.West PondA one and three quarter mile circular loop trail easily to complete under three hours.  Gravel path on open terrain marshy areas of thick, tall grasses and trees with one Observation Blind for surreptitious photography. The trail is indicated with bench markers of numbers where I spotted Canada Geese, a written bird log for any sightings, and many other interesting man-made objects drifted to shore as my party of two wondered off the trail... shh!  Off the trail on the shore we saw an abandon kayak that drifted to Jamaica Bay exposing the inside styrofoam, an abandon boat with the motor filled with seaweed, a car tire, boatloads of sea weed including dried sea weed, many deceased Horseshoe Crabs of all sizes especially giant ones, and pristine sea shells unscathed by man.  The view of Marine Parkway-Gil Hodges Memorial Bridge, and Rockaway Park are visible including parts of Manhattan.East PondAccessible on the other side of Cross Bay Boulevard ONLY by foot thereby, no vehicles, no camping, no animals, no bicycles, no fire arms permitted.  The A train Far Rockaway line is visible crossing and planes landing and taking-off are visible from nearby J.F.K. Airport.  Swans are the main inhabits, lavender growing on coastal marshlands.  Two Observation Blinds are along the gravel and boardwalk path of this Woodland Trail.  As the gravel path goes deeper into the East Pond later then sand path, a section that reminisce of the famous poem "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost which philosophically a rhetorical symbolic the choices taken in life and its consequences. I personally love this pond for the size and many birds inhabiting.  A Plover bird is spotted from an Observation Blind in East Pond.  I was also fortunate to spot a huge flock of swans!  Disappointingly we did not see any flora and fauna, nor diamondback terrapin turtles.Note:  Must bring a camera, insect repellent, sunscreen SPF 60+, bottled water, definitely wear long sleeves, long pants, socks, waterproof shoes as the salt marsh areas are murky.  Poison Ivy is very common in a wildlife refuge.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/2/2012,364,373,6,11,9>I am  firm believer that every neighborhood should have a park like "Athens Square Park". The park has a playground for kids, a couple of basketball courts, a square where soccer is played and plenty of seating for reading or just relaxing in the sun. This small park is a big part of the culture of Astoria. It is not grand like the majestic "Central Park" in Manhattan or "Carl Schurz Park" on the Upper East Side, but an oasis were you can enjoy a small part of a beautiful summer day.The park is not perfect with manicured gardens, spotless grounds or grand lawns, but it serves this community with a place to relax and enjoy the events of the day. The vast cross section of cultures and ages in Astoria all enjoy this park. This park is a community and the community is part of the park.Now, for some reason a fence just appeared one sunny day around a good portion of this park. I don't know the reasons why, but I hope it is only temporary for needed improvements. Since the fence has been in place, it seem like 60 to 70 percent of the park visitors have vanish.I miss my time chilling here on a sunny day. Please tear down the fence. Athens Square Park is a wonderful local that makes NYC, NYC.Day 4 - "June Challenge: A-B-C!"
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,11/1/2012,287,270,3,8,4>Kabob Cafe is a testament to why New York is one of the more incredible cities on this earth. This restaurant is Egypt and America both at once, and the owner/chef/manager ebodies this to a point. Before you even sit down and taste your first morsel of food, you're listening to U2 while perusing the walls for bits and pieces of artwork, including an impressive map of New York, color-coding various neighborhoods by ethnic make-up. "Green is for Irish," Ali tells us, as he welcomes some new customers by telling them what their culinary options are for this evening. "I got that map from a friend of mine who was using it for a documentary." This man is not only an Egyptian chef and restaurant owner, but an Egyptian American promoting cultural awareness and a world where the "other" is a murky concept that needs to be studied, but discarded, to his customers. So we sit down to dinner, already impressed by Ali's personable impact, and are offered an array of choices that Ali spews from the top of his head. We go with the appetizer platter like many other Yelpers, which was reliably delicious, followed by a very tasty artichoke salad, and spiced lamb cheek served with egg, mashed up, and poured onto a plate to be eaten up with pita bread. We wash all of this down with hibiscus tea, which is served cold in a glass with pomegranate and apple, and is perfect as is, even though my alcohol-loving self wishes there were some wine in there, and tries to come up with a way to make sangria out of this later.After all of this feasting, we are still craving some dessert, so we go with the baklava, which is served with an interesting thick honey pomegranate sauce (picture uploaded). All in all, this was such a fantastic experience in every sensory way that I almost want to wait a while before I come back so that I can be impressed all over again. This kind of restaurant is what Yelp was made for.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,10/31/2012,149,276,4,4,4>The cart is right on the corner of 31st Street and 31st Avenue. Sometimes on a warm breezy day, just passing by, you can smell the charcoal smoke in the air. Actually, I think it's what lures the customers in. I been a loyal customer for many many years, because that's how long they been around. On days one doesn't feel like a full meal or needs to eat on the run, this stop makes a good choice. They are not always there but when I pass by and see them, I usually grab at least one. The Souvlaki are tender, just the right size and you can opt to have hot sauce or lemon sauce added. Each stick is topped with a soft and chewy piece of bread (I think Italian bread). The Souvlaki have often come out well. Every time I visit there are usually at least three guys in line or standing around. Sometimes the cart is one guy manned, sometimes two. These guys are old timers man, friendly at times, old timers.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,10/30/2012,286,298,9,16,15>Joju has become one of my favorite places to eat in Elmhurst. Besides being a regular haunt of some of my favorite Queens yelpers, Joju has some seriously addictive banh mi. It's inexpensive, filling, healthy, and delicious. What more could I ask for? Each sandwich is jam packed with fresh cucumbers, pickled carrots and radishes, chili peppers (for those who ask for their sandwich spicy), and fresh cilantro. The baguette isn't too thick or too thin and has just enough crunch. So far I haven't strayed from the #1 classic (Vietnamese ham, headcheese, and pate - SO good), though the #4 bulgogi and #6 pork belly are also hits with my friends. On top of that, Joju's staff is friendly and efficient, the restaurant is kept very clean, and they have free wifi. Seriously, what more could I ask for?*Free fried egg every time you check in on Yelp! **Credit card minimum $10
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/29/2012,280,538,5,16,7>I always walk by this place on my  way to work, but I was reluctant to go there since it looked way too expensive. But mother's day was coming up, so a little luxury isn't so bad, right? I didn't know what I was getting myself into when I walked in to see the prices, but luckily, there was a promotion. The marine therapy facial ($130) is discounted to $78 for new members. So I booked an appointment for me and my mom and that's when the receptionist told me:Let me show you our facilities for first timers. Come in early to use the steam room and sauna. Whoa! That's why it's pricey! It's a female-only relaxation haven! Everything is provided, so just arrive on time, she said. She was also very friendly and courteous and happened to speak Cantonese! Apparently, this is a Taiwanese chain, so they tend to speak Mandarin, but can speak English if needed.Highlights:- LADIES-ONLY! No naked men, please.- Set your own combo and your locker is ready to go.- Each guest gets a pair of slippers, robe, body towel, hand towel, shower cap, and disposable underwear.- Lotions, oils, brushes, and hairdryers are available at the locker section if you need any.- Shower first. Shower comes with shower gel, shampoo, and two shower head, one of them is directly above your head.- I can't see in the steam room! There's seats in there, try not to grope anyone accidentally.- Sauna room is windowed and you can see outside.- Hungry? There's complimentary crackers and tea in the back with tables and magazines. All American magazines.- Lounges and couches are in the back if you just want to relax. The sun roof makes it so relaxing, especially with the meditation/new age soundtrack they play.- When your appointment is up, the technician will look for you around the area. All facials and treatments are downstairs.- You can choose to return to the lounges and rooms after you're done with your facial.I got the Marine Therapy Facial. I chose an oil scent before I started and she really massaged my face, neck, and back aside from the relaxing facial. The only painful thing were the extractions, but she did it pretty well.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,10/28/2012,74,90,6,9,7>I can't believe I never reviewed this place! Well I guess it worked out great seeing that  it's going to be my 10th 5-Star review. I knew I had to check this place out when Chopped's Jason Zukas was opening up a restaurant in Queens.This place is unbelievably good. The decor, the service, and of course the food.  We arrived a little earlier than our reservation but they accommodated us right away.Appetizer:The truffled gnocchi was aromatic but not too overpowering. Once it hits your tongue, you'll realize why Chef Jason Zukas was the champ on Chopped.Entrees:Braised short ribs over polenta= AMAZING. If it wasn't universally frowned upon, I'd lick the plate. The braised ribs were very succulent and was seasoned very well. It also complemented my Pinot Noir.Spaghetti Pomodoro= My food date said that this was the best spaghetti dish she's ever had and she's part Italian so I assume she knows what she's talking about!We were too stuffed for dessert, but I'll definitely come back to try their nutella lava cake
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/27/2012,30,56,4,5,4>I am basically a beginner at yoga (attending 10-15 classes in my LIFETIME) and this studio has been the perfect place to start practicing again.  The classes are reasonable priced (1 hour and 15 minute class for $5, and the 7am and 2pm classes are donation based).  Mats rentals and water is $1.  The staff are friendly and the enviornment is very comfortable/nonjudmental.  I often cannot do all the poses, but the instructor always givens alternate poses for those of use who are less skilled like me :)   The only downfall is that you do not get a lot of individualized attention.  I used to practice at a studio on the upper west side where the instructors really went around and corrected your poses. Here they don't do that as much unless you are in a smaller class, but for $5 I think its a great yoga studio, knowledgable staff, and a place well worth trying out.  I do recommend getting there early if your going to a donation priced class or the beginner class on Saturdays because it can get crowded.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,10/26/2012,7,20,3,5,6>Funny story. I was expecting to go to Blues Brothers but when my friends said Conga's I was skeptical. I asked around at Martha's Bakery where I was waiting and none of the staff knew where it was. So I made a bold move. Went to Blues Brothers and wasnt prepared for what was to come. My friends and I sat in a row along the wall talking over each other and hopping around to talk because there was no across-table-seating, (is that even a term?). Thursday night, no ladies night, but Sangria was made well, smallest pitcher I've seen though, swore it was a pint at first. The DJ was bipolar switching from "Island music" to "projects music" and thensome. Tips: If you come before 10 you dont have to deal with a bouncer. Although my friend looked like he enjoyed the frisking.In addition, you get "prime" seating, for what its worth.Pluses:Service was fantastic. I felt like we were treated like VIPS with all the attention we got. Complimentary chips and salsa.My friends had fun which is what counts so you get 4 stars Conga's.Dont let it go to your head.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,10/25/2012,37,361,5,8,5>Just WOW.  This place was freaking delicious.  Party of 8 on a Friday night.  Place was empty when we came and it scared me a bit, but the food shut me right up.  For appetizers, we split an order of stuffed mushrooms (special of day), grilled calamari, and a large sofia loren pie.  The stuffed mushrooms (4 pieces) were stuffed with scallops and calamari and some other goodies I couldn't distinguish, but it doesn't matter!  I wish they were bigger!  The grilled calamari (5 pieces) comes with an awesome lemon parsley garlic sauce that I kept dipping into.  And of course the famous sofia loren pie...kinda like an awesome "pizza cracker," as my friend called it.  The big chunks of cheese were the best part.  For an entree, I ordered the chicken marsala, which comes with pasta in tomato sauce.  It wasn't overly breaded (+++) and just delicious.  Everyone in my party seemed to really enjoy their dishes as well.  Service wise, big A+.  Waitresses kept checking on us, refilling our water frequently.  For a party of 8 and only 2 chefs, they got our dishes out pretty fast.  Was interesting to see that they tenderized each piece of chicken as the order came up.  Chef even came by to ask us how the food was.  Why can't I have a place like this closer to home???
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/31/2014,27,64,4,9,8>Salt and Fat is tucked away on a pretty quiet area of Queens Blvd just off the 7 train.  Certainly, it's one of those quiet neighborhood gems that you wouldn't expect to be this far out of LIC or Astoria.  It's unpretentious exterior sets the quiet interior ambience.  It's not a large storefront, and you can easily walk right pass it.  The tapas-style restaurant lives up to its name: lots of salt and fat.  The complimentary bacon popcorn is a perfect example of melt-in-your-mouth flavor topped with salty goodness.  For two people the waitress recommended 4 dishes, and I followed her suggestion by ordering the Scallops, Korean BBQ Wrap, Oxtail Terrine, and Roasted Berkshire Pork Belly.  The scallop was by far the most unique in flavor and my favorite, with its crispy exterior and chewy soft center.  The wrap and pork belly were both solid dishes, and while the oxtail was nicely presented, it felt a little dry.  All of this was washed down with the Homemade Iced Tea, which strangely felt like a better (and perhaps healther) version of McDonald's Sweet Tea.  And just to indulge a bit more we got the Lychee Panna Cotta, which was nothing crazy but a good palate cleanser.  Our waitress was extremely nice and attentive, the atmosphere was relaxed, and Queens scored another win. Worth the hype.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,8/30/2014,83,197,8,11,9>spicy-foods-are-not-just-about-inflicting-pain-onto-your-tongue-and-throat-the-best-spicy-foods-uses-the-heat-to-amplify-the-flavors-of-the-dish-szechuan-gourmet-does-just-that-and-is-a-perfect-representation-of-the-spicy-cuisine-capital-of-china-the-following-is-a-small-representation-on-the-numerous-amount-of-delicious-dishes-offeredsliced-pork-belly-w-chili-garlic-soy-650-a-must-must-order-quite-possibly-be-one-of-the-best-things-i-ever-ate-the-sweet-savory-umami-flavors-of-the-sauce-are-soaked-by-the-tender-thin-slices-of-pork-my-eyes-opened-with-shock-when-the-first-piece-touched-my-tongue-1010thin-sliced-conch-w-roasted-chili-vinaigrette-1195-one-of-the-more-pricier-appetizers-but-its-fair-for-seafood-the-fragrant-chili-oil-provided-a-smoky-flavor-to-the-crispy-slices-of-conch-and-its-so-good-that-you-will-be-even-rubbing-the-carrot-slices-with-whatever-oil-is-left-at-the-end-of-the-meal-910braised-fish-filet-w-napa-roasted-chili-1495-theres-a-reason-why-this-is-on-everyones-review-it-is-no-doubt-one-of-their-best-fish-dishes-soft-pieces-of-fish-are-cooked-in-a-aromatic-numbing-chili-oil-with-a-generous-amount-of-nappa-and-bean-sprouts-eat-at-the-right-pace-and-the-heat-will-be-manageable-910double-cooked-sliced-pork-belly-w-chili-leeks-1095-another-frequently-ordered-dish-this-one-is-non-spicy-for-the-not-as-bold-eaters-the-pork-belly-slices-are-packed-with-flavor-and-dont-be-afraid-to-eat-the-leeks-too-810stir-fried-string-bean-w-yibin-veggie-buds-995-one-of-their-recommended-veggie-dishes-easy-to-eat-flavorful-simple-cant-go-wrong-with-string-beans-810of-course-a-majority-of-their-menu-is-really-oily-so-dont-over-do-it-or-you-will-get-a-hole-in-the-stomach-however-this-is-one-of-the-few-restaurants-that-make-me-wish-i-had-4-stomachs-because-one-sitting-is-not-enough-to-try-their-variety-of-dishes-if-you-get-stuck-you-can-always-refer-to-their-top-10-list-orderflushingfoodcomm
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/29/2014,86,230,4,13,6>My entire family fell in love with Little Meadows when we did our school tour last year.  There was plenty of interaction between teacher and each student.  As you know, this is huge for little ones but even more important to a child who may need speech therapy.  My children needed prompting to talk and we saw many other schools that barely engaged at all with the students!  Little Meadows is very hands on.  They have several therapists on location (OT, PT, ST, and even a psychologist).  They  have weekly workshops that you can attend.  All of the therapists I've encountered here do great work and always give me time if I need to chat about my boys' therapeutic progress.  (By the way, CPSE doesn't cover feeding therapy.  My children needed it badly and the speech therapist was kind enough to accommodate us.  Going above & beyond their call was something I wasn't expecting but I appreciated it immensely!!)They offer half day & full day classes.  They offer integrated classes that are split between community children and children with mild special needs.  I'm not positive, but I believe they also offer classes for children with more severe special needs.  Their playground is large, safe, and private for their own use.  They have a gym to play in for rainy/snowy days.  Knowing that the school is located in a safe neighborhood is also good to know because the children WILL go on neighborhood walks throughout the year.  Parent involvement is often encouraged. Hands down, the best pre-k school I have visited in Queens.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,8/28/2014,102,568,8,10,10>*Local, family-owned diner that opens 24 hours in Flushing!Complementary garlic bread to start off.. soft!I tried the Ham, Swiss and Mushroom over Country-Style Hash Browns with 2 Eggs (Sunny Side-Up) and 2 Fluffy Buttermilk Pancakes.  Loved the shredded has browns and pancakes the most!  Note: They are known for their pancakes.He tried the buffalo chicken finger with fries.  The buffalo chicken fingers were not as spicy and crispy but tasted fairly good!  I enjoy looking at the menu, which is full of real food pictures!  It seems as though I'm reading a picture book instead of a menu!!  Believe me, a picture sure tells a thousand words.Cozy and comfortable environment to dine-in.Friendly staff and accommodates requests, such as lemon and refills.  Note: Free refills on soda!Will be back to try their specialty, Steak and 3 Eggs!Note: Private lot in the rare.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,8/27/2014,153,290,8,11,10>I'm giving this new burger place 4 stars. Mainly for creativity and service and the potential it has. I came here to test it out just like I do most new places in the hood. My first impression was that it still looks "undone" not many tables and no art on the walls. And from a look at the menu and prices posted I saw that my wallet would be happy. I ordered a single original burger for $5.50 and I made it a combo for an additional $3.50 so I would get a drink and a twisty potato.My food was ready in 5 minutes.The burger however was TINY. And I have to mention that I do not care for huge greesy burgers that you get from five guys or diners and the likes. Perfect size for me would be a single shake shack size. This burger from twist and smash was just a bit bigger than a slider. It's only $5.50 so if you are reading this twist and smash make it bigger and charge more!The burger was really yummy. It came on a potato bun that I think was buttered I just wish it was like 4 bites bigger! The potato thing was good too but I jacked it up with grated Parmesan available at the spice bar. I would happily spend more if the burger was normal sized!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/26/2014,383,301,7,8,6>I have to reiterate: authenticity matters. A lot. Taiwanese cuisine is popular but this place has the best Taiwanese food in all of Flushing. There, I said it. Food: there are items that are unique to this restaurant. No other restaurant seems to have the breadth of choices that this one has. Even seemingly "regular" or "normal" dishes are made better. A good example would be the Three Cups Chicken. There are many restaurants serving the same thing in Flushing, but this one, in my opinion, serves the best. The same applies for the bitter melon with salty egg!Service: the tiny restaurant has a relatively large staff. People went out of their way to serve me. The owner, or one of the owners, was chatting with guests - it seems like there are many repeat guests who come here. It was Monday night but still extremely crowded - for good reason.Decor: it's better if you can read Chinese that's on the walls... with a touch of Taiwanese dialect. Many of the characters written on the wall must only make sense in Taiwanese. Many of the items listed on the walls aren't in the regular menu with translations!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,8/25/2014,59,59,5,12,6>I was excited when I heard that a Blink was opening up in Astoria. So I signed up for this Blink location in December and got a month for free, though it's more like 2 weeks since I signed up towards the end of December. Nevertheless, this gym is what I need when Mother Nature decides to create havoc.I am a runner, so the treadmills and cardio machines are my main domain. There are plenty of those on the first floor and the second floor. Let's start on the main floor. The ones on the main floor have personal TVs connected to each one. You have to attach your headphones to the headphone jack to listen to the TVs. (I don't care for that, but for people who need a distraction, it's a nice touch.) To the front of the cardio machines, ab machines occupy that little area. Past the front desk towards the locker rooms is the stretching area. There is a dumbbell rack, resistance bands, medicine balls, foam rollers, bosu balls, etc., which is flanked by full length windows. I have a problem with the windows because people walking outside always peek in - I mean like creepy men who sometimes make eye contact with you mid-stretch or squat or whatever you may be doing. Also, in the 5 months I've been a member there, the windows to the left side has been repaired about 3 times. Besides that, the locker rooms are pretty clean because there's always someone cleaning it. There are four showers and three bathrooms. And there are plenty of lockers and a few benches in front of them.On the second floor, there are tons of treadmills, without the personal TVs, recumbent bikes, elliptical machines, and stair masters. There are also 2 rowing machines by the stairs. The strength and weight machines are also on this floor. (You can hear the guys dropping the barbells by the loud "booming" sounds you hear in the stretching area on the first floor. It's annoying.) There are full length mirrors on both sides of the main room. According to my boyfriend, the strength machines don't really give him as much resistance as he would like.Around the gym, there are sanitary wipes stations so that you can wipe the machine off after you're done. They also sell towels and locks at the front desk. Two refrigerators are situated at the front doors so if you forgot gatorade or water, you can pick some up pre- or post-workout. The guys and girls who work there are really nice and accommodating. The trainers are nice and the cleaning people mind their own business and do their job. Are there some things that I would change or add to this gym? Of course. I think the front windows by the stretching area should be completely fogged so that no one feels "watched" when they're focusing on their workout. Mats would be useful for stretching and lying on the floor in the stretching area, as well. A few times, the gym ran out of sanitary wipes. I don't want anyone to touch my sweat that's splattered all over a treadmill after a hard workout, so I think the wipes should always be stocked. I don't really like the young crowd that shows up here because they are more for showing off their "cute outfits" and socialize than to workout. That's what the mall is for, kids. But for $20/month membership where I can visit any Blink in the city (except the NoHo location), how can I really complain this much?
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/24/2014,101,241,9,9,10>OFF THE ROOF! My boyfriend and I took the car to Astoria just for Greek food! This stand is very unique because they set up tables and chairs for their customers. We ordered the Souvlaki Platter - comes with a generous amount of meat, french fries, pita, salad, and greek yogurt sauce. It was a lot of food for 1 person so be sure to share it!The pita was my favorite part of the dish. Just dip the pita into that delicious white greek yogurt sauce and it's heavenly! The pita bread was so soft yet still so hot because it just came off the grill. The souvlaki meat was so moist and in big chunks. Other spots don't usually give you so much meat but this one does! If you plan on sitting at one of the tables, the friendly owner will not mind letting you sit down to wait for the food and hand you the plate of food when it's ready! Come give this place a try and I highly recommend that you eat the food there instead of taking it home! This way, you are able to taste the food right there and then!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,8/23/2014,47,10,24,26,24>I've taken advantage of Yelp for so long, with the great reviews written by connoisseurs of the delicious food around the NYC area I'd like to go back and contribute again. I'm not the carnivore I once was and I find myself leaning towards eating more veggies for whatever reason but when I do go out and I'm in the mood to have a hearty, delicious, and well prepared steak I make reservations with S-Prime.I've might have lucked out with the handful of times I've been to S-Prime but I've yet to ever see the place packed.  Regardless, I still make reservations and I always ask to have something ready for me when I arrive; like a specific bottle of wine or an appetizer I'd like prepared upon arrival and the staff never fails to accommodate.  I really enjoy the décor and the spacing between tables is perfect.The staff is always so courteous, from the gentlemen tending our vehicles for valet to the staff refreshing our glasses of water.  I love hearing their specials of the evening because of how enthusiastic they sound when informing us of what's available.  The drinks are nice and stiff without overdoing it and, if I'm not mistaken, the servings are more than adequate. I'm a fiend for the Agave Braised Pork Belly! (Oink-oink!) And truth be told I really don't think I've ordered any other appetizer but I'll try the next time.  I find it fun how S-Prime separates their sides as "Bad" and "Good", which plays to the mood I'm in for the evening.  The Roast chicken as never been over cooked and just held it's moister within the skin perfectly.  But I've only tasted it once because I always go for the 28oz Cajun Rib Eye! I love the seasoning, I love the size, I love the taste... I love it! Admittedly, I have never gone to prime without first taking advantage of the Groupon specials I have purchased; so I haven't felt the blunt cost of the menu and I don't believe S-Prime to be over priced.  As a matter of fact I think they bring a taste of the city to Queens and I can appreciate that.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/22/2014,369,147,9,11,11>Asian Terrace, you little Gem YOU! This place brings joy to my heart while it tap dances on my palette. The food here is really good. Fresh Sushi is definitely a MUST! I took my friend out for lunch after work. We started with apps. We had a Spicy Kani Salad & Fried Calamari.  I'm pretty much basic when it comes to Sushi. I ordered my go-to dish, the 2 rolls lunch special. I had a California Roll & a Shrimp Tempura Roll (no Tobiko) with extra Eel sauce on the side.  My lunch special came with Miso Soup & a Ginger Salad. She had the Miso & I took the Ginger Salad. I know you're thinking, "Wow that's a lot of ruffage." Why yes, yes it was & it was DELISH! I also ordered a Mango Mojito that was to die for. My friend ordered Sashimi. She's a regular of this place so the Chef created something special for her. He made her a dish called Aji. Although I am petrified of trying uncooked fish, I did & it was pretty good.  To top it off the Chef gave us Tiramisu on the house! He won my heart!!If you're in the area stop by & ask for Chef Johnny. He's super talented & funny. Also sit at the Sushi Bar to get the full experience. He's off Mondays & works half a day on Tuesdays.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,12/3/2012,171,248,6,22,5>First, I just want to say how impressed I am with the NYC park system. The membership for the rec centers and pools is only $75 per 6 months. If you swim frequently, this is a DEAL. There is also a gym across the street from the Corona Park Pool, equipped with weight room, cardio equipment,  courts and indoor track. There is also an ice rink in the same building as the pool, but is an extra cost.The pool itself is an Olympic sized pool usually split into 3 sections,  one for private use, one for lap swim, and one open swim. Lap swim can get crowded, but they limit how many people can be in the pool at the same time, so sharing with 4 other people in a lane is not uncommon. Off times seem to be between 11 - 2 PM. Check the schedule before you go to make sure there isn't pool cleaning or a swim event going on. The locker rooms can get a little dirty, but not enough to be super gross. You MUST BRING A CAP AND LOCK or they will not let you in. There are a good amount of showers, lockers, sinks, and toilets. I would bring flip flops if the floors will gross you out. It does for me, but I just barefoot it most of the time.I wish the older folks and the slower swimmers would swim in appropriate lanes. Sometimes the "fast " lane can go quite slow....
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/2/2012,38,164,6,9,6>Darbars is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. Please don't say KFC to me, you will get smacked. The chicken from Darbars is crispy, juicy, and just so flavorful.  Everything is good here:  the fried rice, lo mein, burgers, beef ribs, chicken sandwich, wings. Their food is quality food and it's made to order. You should definitely call ahead or you're gonna be in for a wait. Everyone I recommended Darbars to loved it. I have a friend in Maryland who tried it once when he was in NY and he's still talking about it. I don't know how they do it. They keep expanding their menu and the food is always up to par. Highly recommended!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/1/2012,252,980,6,7,6>This place was absolutely great, I don't know where to begin? The giant cup of stumptown coffee or the hand made pumpkin cinnamon/sugar donuts that they make in a deep fat fryer on the counter?OK so baby-cakes and I came here for bunch since a couple of brunches ago I was super hungover and didn't want to go.As stated above we started with this and for the main dishes we got the Fried Chicken & Homemade Waffle - Tabasco Glaze, Maple Syrup, Butter, Powdered Sugarand the  French Toast Bread Pudding - Breakfast Sausage, Bacon, Fried Egg, Maple Sage Hollandaise. Keep in mind if your a big chicken&waffles fan, the chicken is NOT on the bone but rather a breast...It's still good with that glaze.The food, service and overall experience was just great. They also had a DJ spinning some great tunes. It's cash ONLY and BYOB.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,11/30/2012,183,187,9,22,13>After 3 years and maybe 20 haircuts here, it's time for a [long overdue] review. Lemme begin by dropping some names, Elson, Kelly, Kid, Eco, Boy, Nicole, and of course, Alex. It was 3-4 yrs ago when I got bombarded with a stylist's name one summer. A family member, a friend, and even another salon all told me to check out Sub-Image... that there'd be someone there that can cut my hair wonderfully. Oh yeah? How many times have I cried after a haircut? How many times have YOU gotten upset leaving the salon with your new do? That is no more, my friend. I've brought colleagues, family, friends, and boyfriend to get haircuts, dye jobs, and styling done on various occasions. Kelly is very meticulous and sweet. Kid teaches you how to style your hair after he cuts it. Elson is quite safe and reserved, for those of you who wish not to look too "out there". Boy whipped up a wicked style job for my friend's Halloween makeup. And Nicole seems to have a knack with men styles. As other reviews have mentioned, their shampoo job is the best in town. So prep yourself for a good wash & massage. Don't come if you're in a rush, and don't try to skip out on it by washing at home first, that's my best advice to you. Tip generously!To maximize your experience, it'd be best to bring a picture of your desired style. Or you can leave it up to the imagination of your stylist, but do be specific with any requests. They are very good at following directions as long as you are crystal clear about it. One thing I would like to say to Sub-Image is that everything you do is great, but your dye job has been chancy. I can't say I love it all the time, which makes me want to get the cut here, but dye somewhere else. Hopefully you guys can train your dye team better* P.S. Some stylist do go for seasonal continued-education. I thought that's pretty cool. Always learning and updating/upgrading themselves.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/19/2012,11/29/2012,262,613,12,11,10>It's a forest, it's a park, it's Forest Park!Names do sometimes state the obvious and this is one such case. The third largest park in Queens is an ideal spot for tree huggers,dog walkers, hikers and horseback riders.If you are familiar with the other works of the man, the legend, the one and only Frederick Law Olmsted, you'll wonder if his association with the park is mentioned just so Queens can say "Hey, he did something here too!". Unlike Central Park and Prospect Park, Olmsted's touch is felt mainly in one spot, Forest Park Drive. This park is very different than the ones I've just mentioned mainly due to the fact that the hand of alteration is very light, if non-existent. There are trails and for much of the park, that's the only human imprint.Fortunately, the sensation of total isolation is interrupted by nearby traffic on the Jackie Robinson that reminds you that you're in a metropolis of 8 million people. It can also serve as a useful landmark on how to escape the park when night falls.During my more ambitious, healthier days of yore, I ran through this park and found the experience conflicting. For most of the run I was the only person in the environs so a tremendous feeling of freedom coursed through my veins until I stepped in various deposits of horse manure, nearly tripped on wet leaves and left the park a much dirtier man than I entered. Running through the forest trails, in retrospect, was probably not the best of ideas I've had.As a walker of those trails you'll be in for a treat and a lesson in adult archaeology. I've spotted an overabundance of ancient prophylactics in various states: used, unopened, torn and faded from their former glory. Folks, exercise common sense and caution if wandering these grounds at night as I suspect in the deepest center of Forest Park, no one can hear you scream.I've seen photo shoots of models in varying states of undress, prayer cards nailed to trees and mostly people just trying to enjoy this vast natural resource in the heart of Queens.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,11/28/2012,187,258,6,7,6>I really enjoyed my girl's night at Via Trenta, but I might have only given it four stars...until our waiter told us about the Nutella Pizza on the dessert menu. Let me just give every server there a little piece of advice: ditch the standard "Would you like to see a dessert menu?" and go straight for "So, how about some Nutella Pizza?" UPSELL UPSELL UPSELL. You're welcome. It was magical. Slathered with that chocolatey-hazelnut goodness we all love and worship, and topped with strawberries, bananas, and a sprinkling of powdered sugar.As for the rest of the meal? Delightful! Bread was served with a yummy tomato paste/olive oil concoction. I went with a classic Spaghetti alla Bolognese and it tasted so fabulous, I ate the whole freaking thing, healthy living be damned! My companions were equally fond of their dishes, the lobster-stuffed black ravioli special and Tagliatelle al Pomodoro. I also slurped down not one, but two Sicilian Lemonades.I'm ashamed of myself as an Astorian for taking so long to visit Via Trenta. Don't be like me! Go! Now!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,11/27/2012,548,384,6,16,10>Since I first uncovered what was really cooking inside Wasabi Point, I racked my brains trying to understand their choice of name; was it an elaborate ruse, or a wayward (or demented) marketing faux pas by the restaurateur equivalent of Terry Gillian? It was none of that; my digressions were beside the point. The word "Wasabi" had not been joined with a proper localization word like "Place", "Joint" or "Abode", but with an ambiguous word that can also be used to ascribe a myriad of meanings. Indeed, the Wasabi-like menu constituents inside of non-Japanese origin WERE the point. Wasabi Point, then, was a cunningly crafted metaphor meant for you to try one of the rarest, choicest, ethnic meals you will ever experience: Bhutanese food. Before I unriddled this Pan-Asian prankster, I had bypassed, ignored, and sauntered by in contempt at their seemingly uninspired admixture of name, food and decor, in the otherwise rich and exuberant ethnic food fauna to be found in the environs. The clear open windows and gigantic green lit logo "Wasabi Point" seemed more proper for a Chinese takeout place than for a respectable Japanese establishment. In my mind of minds, I (and not just me) regarded Wasabi Point as a predictable ringer. But one memorable day, undecided and hungry, we were in one of those I-want-Ramen moods that care not for authenticity, because even ringers can't screw up Ramen. Much.So imagine our surprise when the totality of the menu was carefully dedicated to Tibetan and Bhutanese food; the Japanese options allotted to a tiny section in the back, meant for unrepentant forbearance. We did just that.Having had Tibetan before many times, I decided to go with the unknown; Bhutanese cuisine; a string of soups all of which ended with the word "datse". I went with Sha-Datse which was described as a cheese soup with meat, chilies and potatoes. This was to become one of the best soups that I've ever had in my young life. I now fondly refer to it as "The Devil's Casserole"The cheese is melted in just the perfect way; not too thick, not to thin, laden with the floating potatoes, the meat, and the green chilies in the flesh and in spirit, as much of the flavor was embedded in the soup; a liquefied cheese concoction of such spicy might that it must provide a much needed succor to the Bhutanese inhabitants in the freezing alpine Himalayan parts of the country.After that first taste and tears (it'll make you cry of spice, I promise) two years ago, I've become an unremitting customer, and I've since come to know the Chef, the staff and the menu; their Tibetan menu being one of the bests in town, and I suggest you order a portion of Ting-momo to take with your Datse; to dip the fresh steamed bun on the cheese soup, then adding the red chili sauce available on the side, for a delightfully infernal palate experience. I've since tried Sha-Datse in another unnamed Tibetan establishment in Jackson Heights and it doesn't hold a candle to the one to be found at Wasabi Point. If you live in New York and enjoy trying new food experiences, you owe it to yourself to try  Bhutanese food at least once in your life.As far as metaphors go, I once asked the good people at Wasabi what on Earth were they thinking when they decided to name it as they did; surely they hadn't intended to lure Japanese food aficionados into a Tibetan/Bhutanese surprise? Sadly, it was the fact that people are more commonly prone to go with what they know (instead of what they don't) what led them to bank on one of the most ubiquitous of Asian cuisines in the West. They were, though, thinking about changing the name, thanks in no small part to the large contingent of fans that cherish their excellent Tibetan/Bhutanese fare.Until then,  I refuse to believe that we live among throngs of unadventurous simpletons that would rather stay within their conditioned ramparts instead of reaching out to the glorious diversity that titillates in this wonderful world of ours.I choose to see Wasabi Point as an ingenious metaphor;  meant to pique the interest of Wasabi aficionados only to lure them into far greater levels of spicy bliss. An assessment which I've come to make due to my own undeniably dantesque experiences with the spicy datses. So I leave you with the old and wise literary adage, relearned and reworked for food joints everywhere: "Don't judge a food spot by it's cover"
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/26/2012,200,154,3,6,9>Since I've never stepped into Seva, this review is solely based on their delivery special. I've ordered it several times, and have never been disappointed. You get an appetizer, entree with basmati rice, and either dessert or mango lassi, all for just $13.50. Two people could very easily share this and be satisfied. Now, I *love* spicy food, but one word of caution: their vindaloo is really, really spicy. By the time I was done eating my food, my nose was running. My poor boyfriend's brow was sweaty, and he could barely eat the stuff.And despite the option of ordering it mild, medium, or spicy, it always comes spicy.Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but those who can't handle the heat should beware.Delivery generally takes a full 45-60 minutes, but it's always worth the wait. Cheap, filling, consistently delicious... I feel fortunate to have Seva in my neighborhood.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,11/25/2012,171,103,2,6,4>This newly opened spot boasts 25 selections of noodle soups, available with hand pulled or knife peeled (the flat, wide ones) noodles. They were happy to accommodate a custom order. I asked for Fuzhounese style fishballs, which weren't on the menu. DELICIOUS. Just don't be stupid like me and pour too much hot chili oil into your broth. My sister ordered the mix beef noodle soup, which included innards and other parts of a cow some people might be grossed out by. She couldn't stop drinking the soup. The only thing I wish was different about this place? That they'd take rabbit off their menu! I used to have a pet rabbit, and I don't want to think about my furry friend winding up in someone's noodle soup that sells for $5.50. That aside, a meal's a steal here. The average price of an order is $5, with the most expensive item topping off the menu at $7. FYI, the delivery minimum is $10.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,11/24/2012,75,299,4,5,4>I "warmed up" at MoMA PS1 on a breezy Saturday evening. I liked the idea of DJs spinning outside of a contemporary museum, converted from what used to be a school. Just how hip is that? After all, I could use a little culture and class to my recent social activities..The place is easy enough to get to, unless you are coming from Brooklyn and have to make 2+ transfers. I got there around 5:30pm, and cue the queue-- whether you got your tickets in advance, are a LIC resident, or are getting your ticket there, you will have to wait quite a bit.The place itself is really nifty. The DJ booth is at the top of the staircase, and people are bumping and boozing everywhere. There's little production, but it's a fun atmosphere. The exhibits inside the brick building are extremely underwhelming. The lighting, the lazily spread out artworks, security guards standing around solely to stop tipsy people curiously touching the stuff. The only reason for you to go in there is to use the unisex bathrooms, where desperate girls are squatting over the urinals and people are not so discreetly vomiting. I guess the Warm Up for some people is the actual full-blown game.The event ends right at 9, so it definitely leaves you wanting more. For $17.50 ticket and $6 beer, I say go for it!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/2/2012,2398,639,10,11,11>I am sorry Sanford's.  Like most amazing things in my life, no one has ever heard me talk about you.  The most prized, amazing & cherished things in my life, I keep to myself.  Some people brag.  I brag about things.  However, I choose to brag about things I don't care to lose.  The other stuff, I keep close, and under stealth.I love Sanford's.  The secret is out now that Yelp has a Queens site and community and it has been profiled.  Ironically, putting the word out has DECREASED the traffic a little bit, not cause crazier lines like I once thought.So like any jealous guy, I hope you stay the hell out of this amazing brunch spot.  Sometimes I sit at the tables, sometimes I sit at the bar.  I love the bloody marys and the brunch menu is really amazing.  I get hot chocolate with it, and it kills some of the heat.  I believe brunch is everyday now.  Call to find out for sure.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,10/1/2012,32,170,4,15,3>My review is going to be more like a Dictionary, since I'm not so familiar with Southern Indian food (besides dosas), and I noticed that not many people had descriptions or recommendations of what to order. I went there for lunch with 2 other people. FYI- Dosas and Uttuppams are only available after 4pm on the weekdays apparently! (at least not on a Tuesday). And they only had a partial menu for lunch (the left menu). :( I will have to go back for dinner. Enter at the Holly Ave. entrance, there is a door and stairs that lead directly to the Canteen.We paid $22 total ($7 each) and ordered: 2 mango lassi's, 1 chai, 2 combo Appetizers (Idli & Vada), Upma (good, had a cous cous-like texture, mild spice), Ven Pongal (a little bland and too mushy, flecks of cumin? seeds), Bisibelebath (very good, flavorful w/ some spice, crunchy rice crisp topping). And had enough leftover for 1 more person.They had a lunch special for $8, which we should have just ordered. It was a little of everything & extra condiments. I also want to try the "grasshoppers" vermicelli dish next time(after 5pm), that Anthony Bourdain ate.A Dictionary:Dosa: (crispy crepe-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DoUttappam: (pizza-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UtIdli:  (white bread-like? but black lentil flour)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IdVada:  (donut-like)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VaUpma:  (mixed tamale-like?)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UpPongal:  (mixed rice)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PoBisibelebath:  (mixed lentils)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BiYogurt Rice:  (rice cooked in unsweetened yogurt)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YoMadras Coffee:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_filter_­coffeeMango Lassi: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La  Mango Kulfi: (ice cream w/ cardamom):http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kulfi
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,9/30/2012,804,1656,11,16,14>Initially, I was mortified when my friends suggested we eat here. I mean if "yak" is in the name of the restaurant, one would assume it is a pretty meat heavy place, right?I didn't tell my friends I am now vegan (I was scared they would disown me), so I just played along and hoped for the best. On the morning before our lunch gathering, I checked out their menu and boy was I relieved. This place not only has vegetarian options, but also a good assortment for the vegan-inclined!On a Saturday afternoon, there were plenty of available seats. The place is pretty dark inside and nothing really to be said about the decor. There is a picture of the Dalai Lama in the back and a TV showing a video loop of the Himalayas. On the weekends, they have a lunch buffet for only $10. What a steal! The dishes are a mixture of Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and Bhutanese food. There is white rice, tingmo and bhaley bread. The tingmo bread reminds of a Chinese flower roll called "hua juan" and the steamed bun without any filling called "man tou."For the available entrees, they had paneer butter masala (cheese dish), dal (lentils with ghee on top), aloo tama bodi (bamboo shoots, black-eyes peas and potatoes, aloo dum (potatoes with cilantro), 2 meat entrees (I didn't even bother to look) and also kheer (rice pudding). For $10, it was a great deal and we all ate happily and were quite full. Service was a bit slow, but they were able to split our bill 4 ways (we are such a pain). I'll definitely come back with my family to try out this place. They are quite curious about Himalayan food!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,9/29/2012,30,117,7,8,6>4.5 stars...This place could hit the 5 stars but ...well, stay tuned.In Astoria under the train tracks, this place is closest to the corner of 30th Ave.  Just roll the Grand Central to the last exit before the Triboro Bridge (31st street) and make a left under the train tracks.   The only downside to the neighborhood is finding parking (be careful of the no parking signs and the posted times).It is very beautiful inside and looks like an upscale NYC party spot.  There are two bars: one on the left side of the building and one on the right near the dining area, sandwiched between the two restrooms.There was no cover to get in but you know they have to make that money back somewhere.  Welcome....to the $10 cocktail!! I've had some bad $10 mixed drinks but these weren't so bad.  Not dixie cups filled with ice and Associated Cola with a half shot of liquor.  The bartenders were pretty good with the pour.The tunes : the name of the place is in spanish.  The food is a latin menu.  The place looks like it teleported out of little havana circa 1965.  Naturally, heavy latin tunes.  They do bring in a good mix of hip hop, old school, freestyle (surprise!) and reggae.The crowd : Old to young....this place has no boundaries.  Come dressed up...or not.The food : Waitress comes over and places the napkin in your lap then presents you with some groovy garlic bread to get started.  The food was $25 a plate, had huge portions and delicious.  But there's only so much rice and beans I can eat with my watermelon sized mountain of Pernil.  The oxtails were fall off the bone tender and the Ropa vieja was very tasty.  The drinks were not shabby either.  Polite staff is always a plus.Overall : I liked the place alot.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time and most people were approachable.  There's always a few bad seeds that mess it up but that's expected.  I recommend the place if you're looking for a place to eat dinner and hang out in queens.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,9/28/2012,94,20,6,6,5>It's probably one of the best delis in Astoria. They make some of the best sandwiches (they've got a wide variety) and they have a wide selection of groceries and fresh fruits and vegetables.  I've been going to them for the past 5 years and you simply cannot compete with the quality of the food and the quality of the staff. I go there at least once or twice a week to get a sandwich or some random necessity. They. Are. AWESOME. I usually get a Robert DeNiro sandwich but I'm finding that their Cuban Panini is the way to go. I say it again, the staff is amazing. They are super nice and very helpful. My only complaint is that it is really expensive when buying groceries. for a box of cookies you end up spending 2/3 dollars more than normal. Otherwise, Othello is #1 in my book and I'll keep on coming back for more.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/27/2012,16,43,13,5,6>Chris H., my main slam piece, already reviewed this but I must add in my two cents.The night of July 3rd, I was craving an El Rey de Oro torta al pastor so we headed through the mini-park to my absolute favorite taco truck. We were happily chatting away, waiting for our turn to order, when I dramatically held up my hand in pause. "Look at the truck," I said, my voice filled with confused fear. Chris took in the altered menu, the lack of weather-protecting overhang, the strangers manning the truck and realized that this was an impostor truck! Where was El Rey de Oro??We momentarily debated about whether or not this was a result of taco-truck wars or a truck coup but decided that our favorite truck had probably just taken a holiday for the Fourth. Assuming that you couldn't go wrong with an al pastor torta, I opted to order from this sub-truck.My callous assumption was wrong and that torta only helped to highlight how truly lucky I am to have El Rey in my hood almost every night. Their ingredients are always very fresh, their meat seasoned to perfection and the people who operate it are incredibly friendly. I even tried the beef tongue (lengua) taco last night and loved it. But, after eating the non-El Rey torta, I felt not the satisfying fullness that I normally experience...only the kind of deep disappointment that accompanies settling for less. That night, I contemplated what my life would be like if this new truck had permanently knocked El Rey out and I did not like the future. When I saw the familiar lights of El Rey on July 5th, I rejoiced and vowed to never order from another truck in that spot again. It was just like those scenes in romantic comedies when the guy loses the girl, realizes that he could never live without her and makes a grand romantic gesture to seal their future together forever. Except, instead of a ring, I just bought another taco.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,9/26/2012,112,97,5,8,9>With the help of fellow Yelpers and their reviews, my bf and I came to try this restaurant and I now have a place to go whenever I need something to make my tummy happy!~ We only come here on weeknights because I don't like to crowd around with everyone.  The service was great everytime, we ususally get this same waitress(I'm so sorry, I forgot your name, the nice lady who recommended the heavenly chocolate mousse and thus inspired my bf to make it few days in a row to satisfy my chocolate craving) but the food was the main reason we come here.  Their mashed potato is my favorite side dish, it's sooo rich and creamy.. I can just order a few sides of mashed potato and call it a meal!  This place will always have me leaving happy and full but not OMG I just had a whole cow kind of full, but the OMG this was a great meal ended with heavenly desert kind of HAPPY, SATISFY full, lol does that make any sense?  You might understand what I'm talking about if you had to go to an "all you can eat buffet" a few weeks in a row with your bf's grandmother because she's visiting from a faw away land and "all you can eat buffet" is a good way to get her to try all different kinds of food and eat lots of crab legs! That kind of full always leaves you feeling OMG i ate a cow and it's slowllllly digesting in my tummy, it's not a good feeling...I believe STOVE had a minor renovation after st patricks day weekend?  I found out the hard way, when my bf and I drove his parents all the way here from forest hills and then realized they were closed for renovation.  I haven't had the time to go back to stove since then, I wonder what has changed? Can't wait to find out.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/25/2012,81,35,5,9,6>So, I realize that not everyone has the luxury of being unemployed and going to sushi buffet lunch specials, but if, for whatever reason you happen to be not busy during lunch on a weekday, DEFINITELY come here. $20 all you can eat cannot be beat!I'm sorry to say, but Mizumi has officially beaten Minado as my favorite sushi buffet (sorry, Sushi Village doesn't make the cut). The interior is very spacious and CLEAN-definitely not dingy and definitely doesn't make you feel like a fat POS coming here. The presentation is very nice with all the sushi/sashimi lined up into neat little rows, and I LOVE how the dishes are cut into small portions to prevent over-eating of one thing. There is a great variety of sushi, sashimi and nigiri with basic and special rolls that were all delicious and made with very fresh fish. The dessert selection was great as well! If you need an all you can eat sushi binge fix, this is definitely your place.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/24/2012,60,352,4,6,4>The apply dubbed "Queens Comfort" is just that. Comfortable. The menu is pretty much comfort food. Heavy. Cream. Built purely for taste. Each dish we tried was an exercise for the tongue. If my tongue  could do a backflip, [it is possible... there was this woman in Belize once who....] it would flip over all the flavors doing a can-can for your tongues amusement. I had the pulled pork sandwich. I'm from North Carolina. I know pulled pork. Now I won't say that this would make you smack your mama. But it might just make you shake her by the shoulders little bit. "Mommy. Why did you wrong me all those years!?" The sandwich was an explosion of flavor. It was the highlight of the plate. The spicy fries that accompanied it were phenomenal. Yes, the pulled pork sandwich actually went beyond phenomenal. Unfortunately for this place, I've spend most of my adolescence south of the Mason- Dixon. But for all you Yankees, this is as close as you're going to come to down home heaven.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,9/23/2012,183,187,8,15,9>Good price, good food, what more can you want?So here's the deal, a lotta veteran Taiwanese restaurants in the hood have been jacking their prices higher and higher thru the years. With "little eats" such as Taiwanese sausages and fermented tofu closing in on $6~7 per order... I'm sorry, but my papa didn't raise no fool! I KNOW how much it's worth / should be. This stall in the Savory Fusion mini-food court serves authentic Taiwanese dishes with more reasonable pricing. While they only have under 20 items on their menu, it's enough to keep you full and keep you coming back. We often get 1 over-rice combo, and a buncha small sides to share, and we're good to go. Employees are friendly, the auntie & her son. They actually get outta their stall and bring the tray to your table. Must gets:Crispy popcorn chicken (w/ basil). Can adjust spice level. Tofu side dish (awesome sauce)Fried buns (your fried mantou buns with a twist in the center :D)Taiwanese hamburger (for the adventurous tastebuds)
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,7/15/2013,121,1222,3,5,4>I recently purchased a dual membership deal on Groupon but we'd been meaning to go here for years.  I'm glad we finally did.  If you are a film buff, work in the entertainment industry or just like looking at collectibles from movies, you will love this place.  My husband even commented that my brother in law would want to go since he'd just stare at the Star Wars collectibles and instantly want them.They also have a video game exhibit where you can play on the old systems and even some systems you haven't heard of.  This place is most definitely not what you think of when you hear the word "museum" since it's lots of fun and far from boring.  Make sure you have a lot of time when you come here since you're going to need it.  We barely had enough to see everything and we had over 3 hours.  Finally, they have free admission on Fridays from 4-8 p.m. & if you are a public school teacher in NYC you can get in for free.  We're definitely coming back.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,7/14/2013,46,286,3,8,6>Court Square Diner is always a solid choice and has earned its iconic status of being an LIC staple. You can even drive past it when you play Grand Theft Auto 4.I've had a good time every time I've gone, and it's never empty despite being a 24 hour place. The room looks good and always seems to be sparkling clean. Love its proximity to the Court Square 7, E, M, G trains. I live by Queensboro Plaza, so I could walk there if I wanted to, but most of the time it's a cinch to just take the 7 train one stop. The service is generally pretty good. Though the menu isn't the most extensive of all diner menus I've seen, it still has plenty of options, with some fantastic burgers and desserts. My girlfriend is a fan of the curly fries. There's really no better place to sit down and have a meal after checking out 5 Pointz and PS1. It's good after a night of partying, or a late lunch the next day. It's close enough to pubs on Jackson Ave. (Dutch Kills, The Shannon Pot, Brooks 1890) to where it would be a nice place to get a snack or dessert at the end of a bar date where you hit it off and hung out long enough to need more sustenance than a beer or mixed drink can provide. It's quiet and calm enough of a place where you could comfortably order a cup of coffee and have a nice booth to sit and read.In short, Court Square Diner is versatile enough to be basically whatever you need it to be.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/13/2013,118,243,5,7,6>Who's not curious about a Malaysian restaurant with over 200 reviews with 4.5 stars in NYC?! I had my share of Malaysian restaurants which none stood out. My boyfriend and I were craving for Malaysian so we were on our way to Sentosa (just because of its convenience in location ). Last minute, we decided to be a little more adventurous and headed to Taste Good. It was a little hard to find it but once we entered the restaurant, it definitely reminded us of a regular Chinese restaurant. It's a small restaurant but a very busy one with both Asian and non Asian customers waiting near the front door. One thing that stood out was the wall of food pictures taped everywhere and it was BYOB.There were so many dishes we wanted to try but we ended up ordering the following: Roti Canai - not so crispy and unambiguous shaped as the other restaurants. I actually prefer the pancake cooked this way because you can't really soak the paper thin pancake into the curry without it dissolving. Basic curry sauce. I agree that the portion is relatively small but again, I feel that I'm used to the gigantic paper thin pancakes served elsewhere. Singapore Kari Laksa - Their signature dish - spicy coconut curry noodle soup. I'm not sure how the noodles are supposed to be cooked but the pearl/rice noodles had no texture. The broth was amazing; creamy and spicy! I also loved the fried tofu soaked with the broth. I would order this again with egg noodles next time. Hokkien Udang Mee - What I call "prawn mee". Very good. Not as fishy but also not as bland compared to other restaurants.Hainanese Chicken - first time eating the chicken somewhat hot. We really enjoyed it especially with the chicken flavored rice (must do). Although I wish they told us they would be charging us extra (+$1.75) for ordering dark meat... Overall, it was worth the trip. Definitely so much better than the other Malaysian restaurant (Penang) which is basically around the corner from Taste Good.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/12/2013,239,165,5,10,7>I got the Groupon deal for two dozens of oysters and two drinks for $29. After trying to make a reservation online and to no avail, we went straight to the restaurant to see if we could get seats. Turned out they have limited amount of lobsters for this time around. Well, we went in for oysters, so we got seated right away. The decoration din't look tacky as we thought it would. The waitress was really nice! She recommended Chablis wine for us. We ordered Octopus Salad and Pita Dip Combo for appetizers. They were both great. The salad with Octopus, Roasted Red Peppers, Red Onions, Celery, Garlic, Parsley & Balsamic Vinaigrette was savory. The Pita Dip Combo came with 4 different kinds of dips including:1.Tzatziki - Yogurt, Cucumber & Garlic Dip 2.Taramosalata - Caviar Dip3.Skordalia - Potato & Garlic Dip4.Melitzanosalata - Eggplant Dip We voted for the Eggplant Dip; it was amazing! Happy!!!!!The oysters were fresh and delicious. We chowed down a dozen in like minutes!I will definitely come back to this place to try other stuff! The price was borderline expensive, but it was totally worth the experience. Y'all should give it a try!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/11/2013,1988,418,5,8,8>Wow! This place, oh my goodness! Ok well to start.. I came here on a Wednesday night and was instantly drawn in by the sounds of the wonderful love music (mariachi I believe). I came here to talk some things out and my friend was discouraged by this, as it's normally a quiet eatery. The place itself is cozy, dimly lit, and kind of romantic. They don't offer an extensive menu, but the food I had was really really great. We started off with calamari to split;  It was probably the best calamari I've ever had. It had two sauces: one a spicy mayo or aioli dip, the other a green peppery dip (which I was informed by my friend that it used to be spicy). Wasn't so fond of the green dip, but I LOVED the orangish aioli. For my entree I had the salmon tacos. They were also excellenté! The dish came with two tacos, toppings: guac, sour cream, and a bit of lettuce, and a bowl of yellow rice which was absolutely delicious!The waiter was great, but since I didn't drink when I came here, and stuck to water only, I do wish they were a little more attentive for that matter. I will definitely be back!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/10/2013,12,184,8,6,7>A hidden jewel in plain site.Located at the western end of Broadway in Queens and across from the lighthouse on Roosevelt Island this open space with modern art is the best deal to experience modern art, open green space and an incredible view of the Manhattan skyline all in one place.  Walk around, let the kids touch and experience art.  They even have kids activities!  Combine it with a trip to Costco (right next door) so you can relax before going home and putting 30 rolls of toilet paper away.Enjoy.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/9/2013,410,456,6,7,8>My children Ron & Camille took me here yesterday for Mother's day.  Every year the two of them alternately  pick the venue & cuisine...so far all of the restaurants they choose were all great. This time was Camille's pick so she chose this place as she has been here before & raved about their delicious menu....First it wasn't really easy driving over, the directions are not so clear on  the map quest but we managed after a few "asking arounds". The area was busy & crowded, what with mother's day!!!  I doubt we'll be getting a parking space and be on time for our 4:30 pm reservations but after a turn we were lucky to get our spot, a block away from the place. a minute or two later Ron & Camille walked in...TESTACCIO is a  lovely Italian restaurant located in Vernon Blvd, Long island City Queens.  Driving over the Queens Midtown Expressway, it's the last exit before the tunnel. We were promptly seated & all the waitstaff seemed to be very friendly & cordial.  The atmosphere & ambiance was great, high stacked wine as a partition to another floor was a nice concept giving people more privacy.For starters, we had the Crispy Artichokes with black Olive Tapenade.  Delicious...and Assagini d Suppli...and assortment of different croquettes, Artichokes & Truffle & Mozzarela Sweet Corn & Pecorino...  another winner.I had a difficult time choosing an entree, reading the reviews, everybody raved about the Pasta & I was a Pasta junkie at one point so I had in mind either the Homemade Thick Apaghettoni w/ clams, white wine & garlic sauce w/shaved Air Dried nullet Roe or the Spaghetti with roasted Guanciale in Eggyolk Sauce....but settled for the Grilled Organic lamb Chops with Chicory & Soft Polenta..Medium rare...It was very tender & delicious.  Nashad & Ron had the Braised Oxtail in Red wine, Roasted Vegetables & Tomato Sauce, served with Roasted Mushrooms, Onions & Rosemary Mashed potatoes.  I managed to snag a piece & it was top of the line, fork tender & surprisingly very good.  Camille had the  Roasted Rabbit with Cherry Tomatoes & Fresh Herbs, Mashed potatoes & Spinach. She said it was equally delicious....must  be...she finished it...Everything came in huge servings...We all had cocktails with it...That Tiramisu drink was good.It was a great evening...enjoyed & savored each others company as always, enjoyed every bite of the food, and can't wait to go back there to try the pasta they are so famous for....this time for sure...thanks Ron & Camille for a great mothers Day pick........  .
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,7/8/2013,179,443,6,9,8>How have I not reviewed the beer garden yet?! I've been living in Astoria for two years now and this place is a summertime staple.They have a HUGE outdoor seating area, yummy food, and STELLAR beer. I'd say the hoegaarden is my favorite. Also, the potato pancake (served with applesauce and sour cream) is a must-try. If it's wintertime or the weather is less than optimal, there is also a large seating area downstairs. (My friend actually had her wedding reception in the large downstairs room, so hit them up if you are looking for a fun place to host an event!)The only bummer is they don't allow outside food; I came here for my birthday party and my friends weren't allowed to bring in a cake for me.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/7/2013,343,884,5,14,7>For now I'll just say that this location far exceeded my expectations in all aspects.  I used to go to Blink NoHo, but was anxiously awaiting the grand opening of this Queens location.  I'll be honest -- based on my experience at Bally's in Kew Gardens, and Planet Fitness in Richmond Hill...I was definitely less than confident that Blink Queens would be comparable to Blink NoHo.Perhaps it's just early in the game and not many people have joined, because each time that I've been to Blink, it's been relatively quiet, with only a few people scattered about.  And that's not to say that this location couldn't handle the masses...because it can.  If you've been to Blink NoHo, this location is easily at least twice its size.  There are literally multitudes of machines -- all of the same machines that you'd see at NoHo, except more.  PLUS a handful of stairmaster machines, if you're into that sorta thing.  Personally, I find myself wanting to die after just three minutes...but that says more about me than the machine.The staff is also comparable to the NoHo location as far as competence is concerned.  Always upbeat, friendly, and eager to assist.  You will NOT find staff like this at any other gym in the area.And the locker rooms, oh the locker rooms!  Again, easily twice the size of the NoHo location with the showers hidden away in the far rear of the locker room, which is nice.  At other gyms, you really truly have to worry about whether your things will be stolen or rummaged through.  I worry less about this sort of thing happening at Blink based on the level of frequency with which Blink employees are cleaning the bathroom/locker room.  Also, if you just don't feel comfortable locking your things up in the locker room,, Blink boasts smaller lockers out in the open where a) people are less likely to tamper with your stuff and b) you can keep an eye out throughout your sweat sesh.Would LOVE to see a juice bar at Blink Queens, though I'm fairly certain that's not likely to occur.  In the meantime, I'll just be happy that there even IS a Blink Queens.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,7/6/2013,230,472,3,10,5>This small Vietnamese restaurant forms part of a growing food district among the warehouses of the Maspeth-Ridgewood border along with its neighbors Western Beef and Rojas Coffee Shop.We were the only people there on a weekend night, which speaks to the isolated location and newness of the place rather than the quality of the experiece. The staff are really friendly and relaxed guys. The vegetarian banh mi was a bit untraditional, and contained havarti and gouda cheeses along with portabello mushroom and basil peanut pesto. The flavors and textures complemented one another well; super delicious. Creamed taro leaves were hearty, and the Vietnamese iced coffee could be habit-forming.I'm sure we'll be back here regularly, especially in summer when it will be an easy bike ride away.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,3/9/2012,23,266,5,7,9>Every time I come to Flushing, I am always looking for a new food adventure. Flushing is becoming one of my favorite places to visit. It's like a Chinatown but with a sense of newness. No matter the weather it's always appropriate to have a bubble tea. This place sells a few teas. I specifically recall the "Two Ladies" and "Three Guys." I ordered the regular bubble tea---the milk tea with tapioca pearls---but come to think of it, if I noticed the "Three Guys" before I placed my order, I might have ordered that ;-) Why? Well, take a guess? Because it's a nice combination. It is a milk tea with tapioca pearls, pudding and grass jelly---and intense combination I've never heard of before. ^_^It was a rainy day when I came here and while wanting to dodge the rain for a bit, I decided why not buy a bubble tea. I had a long day and definitely needed a soft drink. This place, unlike Ten Ren took a bit longer to make their teas. There was only two people in front of me but it took them a bit longer to make my tea and I only ordered the regular milk tea.Some would argue that all bubble tea places are made equal. Being a bubble tea fan myself, I would not. Some places make their bubbles teas with too much milk, sugar, or too watery. This place was suitable to my tastes. Not to sweet. It was just right and it was nice. ^_^I have never heard of this chain before but they seem to come up with good and interesting bubble teas. I will give the others a try next time I come to Flushing. One of the things I like about this bubble tea place aside from the bubble tea I bought is that they seal the top of their cups and you just poke a straw in to drink it. I find that prevents spillage and I always prefer bubble tea places that seal their cups instead of just placing a lid. I also notice the bubble teas in Flushing taste very different from the ones they make in Chinatown and Brooklyn. I never knew bubble tea can taste different based on their geographical locations. One of the major factors I judge whether or not bubble tea is good is based on how well they make their tapioca. If its soft and chewy, it's good. If it's hard or dry, it's not. I wonder what other bubble tea places around here I should try.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,3/8/2012,101,229,9,11,12>I've been to quite a few diners in my life having grown up in Rockland County, NY and spending a lot of time in Bergen County.  I have to say, the Bel Aire Diner is awesome.  Here's why:1.  Open 24 hours."Oh wow it's 3am and I'm honnnngggray."2.  The food is tasty."This is the best spinach salad evur!!!!"  I once had a roast chicken triple decker club there... oh my goodness.  It was incredible.  The roast beef was juicy and soft and fantastic.  And, of course, I got it with waffle fries...3.  The portions are yuge.My friend literally said today, "I need to make sure to order something that looks small so that I get something the right size because I'm somewhat hungry but not voracious."  AWESOME.4.  The waitstaff is awesome.  Mike and Stephanie always say hi to me when I stumble in at 3am after dancing at Friday Night Blues in the city.  :D  Those folks are seriously friendly.5.  Sometimes they give you free appetizers.  I was in there once or twice with my family and friends and they brought us appetizers before we actually ordered any food.  They gave us chickpeas and onions and also beets and onions and they were both super good.  I haven't figured out why sometimes they bring that stuff and sometimes they don't... hmm.  Also, they brought us a basket of bread and didn't charge us for it, which is awesome because some diners do charge for that.  :DLiterally you can go there anytime you want to get tons of awesome food and people are nice to you.  I don't know why you wouldn't go there.  It's right on the walk home from the subway and I struggle daily not to walk in there and order something... I've waited so long to write this review because I start thinking about that place and then it's like, "hmm, maybe I'll go in there, it's not so far away."  Oh man, temptations... :)
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,3/6/2012,406,1092,4,9,6>You don't see too often Northeast Chinese food (dongbei cai). Fu Run is one of the few places serving this sort of cuisine, which is known for lamb ribs, cilantro salads, braised pork belly, carrot and lamb dumplings, and crispy lamb. Common spices range from cumin to red chillies used in a lot of dishes.Tofu & Seafood in Casserole - $10.95 - along with a medley of small baby scallops, artificial crab meat, shrimp and soft tofu in a chicken-like broth. Casseroles are usually thicker in consistency, but this was more of the soupy variety.The ambiance is simple, 10-15 tables sprawled out across the floor with glass ceiling to floor windows on one side of the restaurant. There is a small room for private parties or that can also be utilized for a large group. It's a step up from your typical Chinese restaurant with pink tablecloth. It's what I would consider, more with the modern times. Regardless, Fu Run is all about the food, not the decor.Leek & Pork Dumpling (12) - $5.95 - Your ordinary run of the mill dumplings. Nothing was very fascinating about these, nor was anything very disappointing. I would pass on this and save the dumpling cravings for Nan Xian Xiao Long Bao or Joe's Shanghai.Liang Pi (Country Style Green Been Sheet Jelly) - $8.95 - This was one of the dishes that everyone had on their table. A cold dish consisting of wide flat noodles (at first glance, it looked like jellyfish) complimented with cucumber, julienned cucumbers, carrots, chopped cloud ear mushroom, egg, and some bits of pork, with sesame oil and a wasabi (mustard) oil. It's simple, yet very refreshing and earthy all at the same time. There is little to minimal heat from what you might expect from wasabi/mustard.Zi Ran Yang Pai (Muslim Lamb Chop) - $21.95 - marinated and braised lamb chops complimented with a crispy skin, topped with black/white sesame seeds and cumin . It's very fatty inside, and the meat falls right off the bone. The seasoning on the outside can be a bit overpowering and very unusual, almost like an Indian spice, so don't expect your typical Chinese dish here. It's a distinguished taste that may not suit everyone's palates, but it's good nonetheless if you are accustomed to such spices.Lao Hu Cai (Tiger Vegetable Salad) - $5.95 - My favorite of the dishes and a very common dish found on almost every patrons table. This consists primarily of cilantro along with tiny salty white dried-like shrimps, scallion, and a sesame oil or rice wine vinegar. It's delicious and a must have.Fu Run is definitely unique from what you would normally expect from Chinese food, but the food is very refreshing and quite delicious. I would say most of the dishes are an acquired taste for some, but if you have an open mind and diverse palate (cilantro, cumin, etc.), I would definitely recommend checking this place out. Prices are fairly cheap, portions are decent, and service is quick.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,3/5/2012,108,1039,6,7,9>You know when you tell someone where you're from and they inevitably try to find some common ground? So they end up asking you if you know of this little "secret" place that's one of the few places they know. When you tell people you live in Astoria, Artopolis is one of those places.Unlike most of those other "secret" little gems that people who have very little knowledge of your neighborhood tend to always insist you visit, Artopolis actually holds its own.Tucked into a back corner of what can only be described as a New York style strip mall, this little bakery / cafe may not look overly inviting from the curb.Don't let that deter you though, once you get inside you'll find some friendly and inviting staff members that will guide you through their assortment of goodies. Whether you're just there to catch up with friends at their little cafe tables or you're picking up some goodies for home, the staff generally know what to recommend.There's usually a consistent stream of customers and as such if you happen to go in when everyone is occupied you might be standing around awkwardly for a bit until they free up before you can figure out what certain pastries are and to get them properly boxed up.The various flavors of baklava are always a hit and pretty much every other offering here.Pricing is generally by the weight instead of piece which is a nice change and as a result I would say the value is great here.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2012,3/4/2012,1988,418,8,8,8>I really enjoyed this lounge because of the colors, ambience, and atmosphere.  This is a really great place to chill at.  There's no dancing, but the music is pretty good.  The drinks are well made, but I was mad that they didn't have any pineapple juice to go with my vodka.  I really really love the multicolored lighting, the palm trees, and the black lights.  The only problem is that seating is limited so get here early or be prepared to wait.  There're a lot of couches and seats; it's a cozy living room kind of feel.  The only food I tried here was the jalapeno poppers, but I'm curious as to why they would serve them with marinara sauce? Strange! They were O K.  The first one I bit into was still semi- frozen, but hey what the hell, when I'm drunk that doesn't even matter.  The sauce wasn't good; probably from a jar, but snap that doesn't matter either.  This seems like a cool start up/pre-game place just because of the environment/ scene.  The menu looked pretty good so ill definitely be back to try appetizers. Wouldn't want to stay here all Friday/Saturday night long, but because it was crowed even at 10pm (not so common amongst the club/lounge crowd of Astoria) I have developed an attraction for Rapture lounge that hopefully will allow me to give this place another star in my near future!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,3/3/2012,250,720,6,8,7>One of the many things I miss about Shanghai is the ubiquitous (non-shady) massage parlor.  The Pig and I were wandering around Flushing and came across a sign for Sunlight Massage.  In we wandered and voila, we found ourselves transported into China!I got a one-hour full body massage for $30, and Porko got a one-hour foot massage for $25.  My favorite place in Manhattan Chinatown gives a 1/2 hour shoulder and upper body massage WITH a foot massage, but alas, no such option here.My masseuse was a strong-looking woman who really got the knots out.  I was a little confused since most Chinese massage places I've been do massage you over your clothes, or give you funny pajamas to change into, but she asked me to take it all off (except undies).  The place was admittedly not the cleanest, but seemed good enough.  I asked her to concentrate on my shoulders, and she did a fantastic job.  Ahhh!!!Porko enjoyed his foot massage and we both agreed that we would return.  Note that there is a minimum $10 tip required.  Some people may balk at this, but I think it's reasonable.  It also may imply that the masseuse get NONE of the fee, and work only off tips.  C'mon now, even WITH the extra $10, this is probably half as much as you'd pay elsewhere.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,3/2/2012,234,239,5,13,5>What does it take for me to 5-star a bar? I'm about to tell you.This place is a dive, but not a dump. It's one of the friendliest bars I've ever been to. The staff was nice, the selection of beer was plentiful, and there was some concoction that gets served in a fish bowl, bringing to life the term "drunk as a fish."The place got more and more crowded as the night progressed, but you know what? I never found myself having to wait around too long to ask for a drink. I don't know how they managed that, but it was very impressive. What else, 3 unisex bathrooms, a food menu that includes a monstrosity called Donkey Mess, pictures of patrons who actually finished said mess, a decent amount of seating, TVs for sports, and an atmosphere that makes you feel jealous that you don't live closer...unless you do live close...in which case I don't like you.Our group of yelpers seemed to never be without a drink in hand, and it seems like a good friendly time was had by all. I'm going to have to find excuses to come out here.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,3/1/2012,59,277,2,18,3>Spa Castle is like Disneyworld for adults. Let me be clear, you can pay the 35 dollar admission fee and just do the things that entails and have a fantastic day. I opted to add on a massage and a mani/pedi.Don't do the mani/pedi. It's overpriced and they want to get as many people in as possible, so it's rushed. Do the massage. I got the aroma therapy massage and it was amazing. I felt like a new woman afterwards. The food is decent, I got sushi and a bubble tea. Both of which were pretty average, but fairly priced. Upstairs looked awesome with all the korean fare, but I forewent that, as my watch was tabulating quite the bill.The pools are amazing, and the saunas as well. The salt sauna was my favorite, and I swear my skin looks clearer today. Some tips: Bring a water bottle and towel and don't forget your swimsuit. To sum it up, if you want to get away from it all, spa castle is your destination.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,2/29/2012,280,538,9,9,7>If there is anything that can lure me into a restaurant, it's the notion of paying only $2.99 for a bowl of jajang myun. If you're on Roosevelt, you have to walk past the firehouse before you get there. I wouldn't even know about this place if my friend haven't told me. Walking in on a late weekend afternoon have perks since there's plenty of seating. With a quick glance at the menu, the food is actually quite expensive, around $11.99-$14.99. I ordered the jajang myun. My friend got a meatball omu-rice. I forgot to mention, they have 11 variations of Omu-rice here.When I got the jajang myun, it was huuuge! So was the meatball omu-rice. It made not be fresh made, but it's pretty good. The omu-rice's rice was a bit on the dry side, definitely not Japanese style (I like Hiroko's omu-rice a lot more).
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,2/28/2012,253,439,7,5,7>Asian Jewels was well worth the Sunday morning journey into the heart of Flushing. You just can't beat Hong Kong-style dim sum at an authentic, cavernous restaurant, particulary when you're trying to overcome a hangover related to seeing a punk rock show the night before. La cheeka and I were seated at a big table with a few stangers. My golden rule with dim sum is not to blow your load early....wait for it...wait for it...wait for it...This strategy paid off with some of the best dim sum this side of Vancouver (Sun Suu Sei Wah). We opted for the pork dumplings, shrimp spring rolls, shrimp toast, dumpling soup, pork shumai and steamed shrimp dumplings. It was all amazing, fresh, delicious, etc. Best of all, it was really cheap. Our meal, including a few Tsing-Daos, came to a total of $34. I'll be back....
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,10/31/2014,60,55,11,14,10>First off, thank you yELP, if it wasn't for you I would have never discovered this gem.  Living in NY there are many places to get beers from all over the world. But to have the ability to get beer brewed right in your backyard is amazing. I went to them on a Saturday night and was able to tats almost everything on tap. Every brew tasted was excellent and unique in it's own way. Rarely do I go to a brewery and find my palette embrace every individual sample tasted. Finback hit the spot. I had a hard time picking which brews would fill my 2 growlers. I settled on the Moby and the porter which were top quality. I recommend that anyone with any interest in great tasting beer to come here. Staff was really friendly and answered all my questions. There was also parking in front and plenty of space to sit and enjoy that great beer. I give 2 thumbs up to Finback and promise I will be back to try all or Atleast as many of their future releases as I can.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,10/30/2014,241,315,14,13,14>Sentosa has always been a popular place for the young n old. I remember back in my handsome(r) teenager days, Sentosa was *the* meeting spot for me and my friends. Friend broke up? Sentosa. Friend got into Harvard? (fk u) Sentosa. Friend wanted to bring new bf/gf to be judged and assimilated into our friend circle? Sentosa.I have been through thick and thin with Sentosa so my review might be a bit partial. But thats most Yelp reviews, right?Sentosa is a very clean restaurant with an English friendly staff.  Despite its popularity, it usually requires no wait to be seated, thanks to its two floors. Its good for intimate dates as well as large parties. The menu swings towards the Chinese side of Malaysian cuisine with a lot of rice and noodle based dishes. Naturally, you can still find your nasi lemak and roti canai here. Some popular dishes include:Roti canai - a thin crispy pancake that softens up when you dip it into the potato curry sauce. Filling, oily, and just awesome. You can feed it an extra $1.50 and evolve it into a Roti Telur, which is infused with a thin layer of egg. I love eggs (get me some of dat brotein nam'sayin?) but I would recommend the clean and unadulterated canai. Hainanese Chicken - The epitome of Chinese cultural domination. HC is a very flavorful and oily white chicken dish. You can get this as a rice dish or get a bigger portioned family style. If you're new to Malaysian cuisine, its worth trying at least once. Otherwise, nothing special about Sentosa's rendition.Nasi Lemak - This is like the dry version of Korean's bibimbap with Malaysian style seasonings. The coconut rice is served with a small side of anchovies, white chicken (like HC), egg, and exotic tasting spices(?) and cucumbers. Like HC, if you're new to the cuisine you should try at least once. Personally I've never grown accustomed to the sides that come with Nasi Lemak. Pineapple fried rice - You didn't think an Asian would recommend fulied lice but I love this dish. Its served on a half pineapple thats big enough for 2-3 people. It has a mild-medium (depending on your tolerance) spice with a heavy taste of ... what do you know? pineapple! Oil rice - It comes with some dishes but is offered as a side for abukfiddy ($1.50). Its rice thats drowned in (not too much) oil. Your guilty pleasure. Sentosa is a comfort pick. It has a pretty diverse menu with something for everybody. Yes yes you can have beef with broccoli. The price is fair and the atmosphere is good. So come! And bring your friend(s). If you see a gang of no-longer-threatening-looking-almost-30-yrs-old Asian kids, come say hi.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,10/29/2014,127,319,9,11,13>My original dinner plans fell through, but my friends planned a last minute birthday surprise here for me and I was excited to try the only Michelin-starred restaurant in Queens. Service was top-notched. They had a great wine selection by the bottle and for a very reasonable price. We also had a wine specialist come over to help us choose the perfect bottle. I really enjoyed their Serrano Ham Croquettes starters and the Roasted Skate was absolutely one of the best fish dishes I had in a while. The corn puree and the saffron-tomato vinaigrette were great complements with the skate. However, I did find the Organic Chicken under A Brick and the Confit Of Hudson Valley Moulard Duck to be a bit on the dryer side. Lastly, we all split a Buttermilk Vanilla Panna Cotta and it was amazing!FYI: On yelp, they say Danny Brown is closed at 9:30pm on weekdays, but they stayed open after hours if you're already there so no need to rush through the dinner. Since I had a surprise guest join us for dinner, we spent almost 4 hours at Danny Brown catching up. I had a great time!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/28/2014,316,409,18,18,18>I don't usually find sequels to be favorable especially when the original place is built on a level of uniqueness. So, when I heard that Don Alex opened up shop on 37th Avenue (I usually frequent the one in Corona) I was beyond skeptical. As is with most sequels, I was dragged here (somewhat willingly) by my hub's friend. It was almost closing time and we wanted to non Mario pollo a la brasa. I have to say, I was shocked at how much I actually enjoyed the meal.We played it safe and ordered what we usually would in Corona: Pollo a la brasa (of course), the chofan aka fried rice, the mussels, and of course the sangria. The chicken was pretty good - falling off the bone as promised. The chofan was probably the best dish - nicely seasoned and fragrant. The mussels were pretty good too! The pitcher of sangria was... as small as I expected it to be.Until the next.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/27/2014,139,121,14,11,9>Tourists go to Joe's Shanghai.  People who actually want good siewlongbao (pork soup dumplings) go to Nan Xiang.  Flanked by 66, Bangkok and a cantonese restaurant whose name I can never remember, Nan Xiang is one of Flushing's brightest spots for a great meal.As many a Yelpologist has mentioned, the wait can get long during peak hours.  My friend and I went after the prime dinner rush, so we were given a number and seated in about five minutes.  Always crowded and always bustling, we gave our order immediately and waited for our soupy goodness.  We had the pork soup dumplings and the noodles with beef in spicy chili oil (first for me), and we weren't disappointed.  The dumplings are consistently delicious, and the noodles were deliciously greasy and thick.On several other occasions, I've had the cold cucumber dish and the duck tongue (DUCK TONGUE!), and those are great for contrasting the steamy fatty dumplings.  I generally go for an order of the pork dumplings and an order of the crab ones, and you really can't go wrong with either.Is it authentic Shanghainese? Beats the heck out of me.  I'm a whitewashed Korean. Is it delicious? Ohyoubetcha. Is it better than Joe's Shanghai? Ohyoubetcha...er? If you go to Nan Xiang based on my review, and are disappointed, kindly let me know, and I will apologize, and give you the opportunity to buy me dinner somewhere else.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,10/26/2014,2398,639,10,13,10>The new Arunee Thai location is very pretty.  Wooden mocha colored tables complement unfinished wood paneled and brick walls which also host asiatic murals.  Track lighting is true to the old locationvs intimacy but the light of day coming from the front door is refreshingly different.  Thai iced tea is served in mason jars with a straw and lunch specials go for under ten dollars and include lunch boxes.  The sit down bar allows for ample seating.  On a monday afternoon, there were approximately 35 customers being served.  The restaurant looks pretty and clean.  A call to the restaurant was picked up on the second ring.  Some new reviews complain that wait times have grown due to the new business at the new location's rise in diners but such is to be expected by such an extreme transformation in one of Jackson Heights' only Thai restaurants.The tom yum soup had mushroons and scallions and was small but not too spicy.  While that might disappoint some, it was not bad at all.  Peanut sauce covered the salad.  Plate presentation on appetizers reflected the price points.  I had no complaints but it is an area that could be improved given the beauty of the restaurant and even the water pitchers. The bar is a full liquor bar. Food is consistent with the old location, which was very good.I hope this location does well.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/25/2014,4,62,2,8,4>Yay, mini-cupcakes in LIC!  I stopped by Pink Canary's grand opening this morning for an iced coffee and a strawberry cheesecake mini-cupcake.  It's the breakfast of first-to-review champions.  :-)  YUM!Pink Canary has a cute little storefront with a counter featuring sweets and coffee on one side, and a pink bench and three little tables on the other side.  In the back, there's a party room with pretty cupcake decals on the wall, which would be perfect for a baby shower or little one's birthday party.  Oh, and they sell a few little toys, like a cupcake set, so if you're running late to a 3-year-old birthday party in LIC (and who isn't) you could consider stopping by for a last-minute gift.Pink Canary is open from 7am - 8pm weekdays, 9am - 7pm weekends; desserts by NY Cupcakery; ownership same as Shi and Skinny's Cantina on Center Blvd.Hat tip to the lictalk blog for news of the opening!  Everyone who loves and lives in LIC should get on the lictalk email list, sign-up is (strangely) at the veeeeery bottom of the page.  I can't believe I'm giving all my secrets away.Welcome Pink Canary!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,10/24/2014,99,150,4,6,6>Nice cozy winebar in Astoria. I came here on a snowy day thinking that it would be empty but it was pretty full. I made reservations via opentable and were seated right away. I had a living social deal ($44 for 5 tapas and 2 glasses of wine/cocktails) and had no problem redeeming the offer. We ordered margherita pizza,  bacon wrapped prunes, pork & apples, stuffed piquillo peppers, and spiced truffle honey. I didn't think that would be enough food so I ordered truffle mac and cheese. The margherita pizza was your typical pan pizza..nothing too special about it. But, I LOVED the bacon wrapped prunes and pork & apples. Maybe cause I love bacon in general, but they were so good. The pork was so crispy and worked very well wtih the apple puree. The stuffed piquillo peppers were okay, I think there was a bit too much cheese. The spiced truffle honey was tasted like pure honey, didn't really get the hint of truffle oil. There were some pieces of bread for it to dip, which makes me think this is more like a dessert since it was so sweet. If I had to order again I would not get this and try out their rabbit or steak. OH, and I cannot forget about the mac & cheese which was delicious, especially since there were plenty pieces of bacon..  For the drinks..at the time they ran out of pinot noir but they recommended something similar and it tasted okay. I should have opted for the sangria cause it looked so good on display..
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/23/2014,58,228,3,9,9>Came here after having a serious craving for some German food. There are not too many places to go for good German food in Queens, so my boyfriend and I decided on this place. The Decor- super German. Feels like you are in someone's house as opposed to the restaurant. The food- Delicious! We ordered the Escargot and the Potato Pancakes (not on the menu, you need to ask for them!). They were delicious and very flavorful. For our meals, we ordered the Sauerbraten and the Weinerschnitzel. The schnitzel was absolutely delicious. Nice and moist and the home fries were perfect! The meat in the Sauerbraten was slightly over cooked. But all in all the dish was good. The Service- Was really fast, but was very curt. We unfortunately were seated in an area where there were a bunch of large groups and so I felt like we were a bit ignored. But I can ignore it because it seems to be fairly busy (for a weeknight) and they were probably running around alot.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,10/22/2014,161,498,7,11,8>Asian Jewel is quickly becoming my go-to for dim sum because:1) It's located 2 blocks away from the Main St. stop on the 7 train.2) There has never been a long wait for a table even when I've been there on weekends around 12pm (prime dim sum hours.)3) And of course the dim sum is really good; their classic renditions are solid. They even have some harder to find dishes and desserts... you'll definitely smell those durian pastries before you even see them when they come rolling around!On top of that, they offer creative "new-style" dim sum plates-- fried bacon wrapped dumplings, anyone? These may seem more catered for the gwai-los that come for brunch, but it's still fun to try them!As with any Chinese restaurant, service is prompt and to-the-point, and dishes are appropriately priced. YUM CHA! YEAH!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,5/11/2012,183,187,8,11,10>Hello, Mala Xiang Guo!  Yup, that's the new dish in town (town aka New World Food Court), and every table's got one!  Lemme intro you to the newbie:$6 for basket of veggies of your choice - the defaults include cabbage, black fungus, mushrooms, tofu, lotus root, taro, etc etc.  Fill the small basket with whatever veggies you want, and shuffle down to the "meats"$8 per lb for meat/seafood of your choice (except lobster, that's $13 each) - the defaults include beef (MUST GET), chicken, lamb, tripe, pig blood, fish, crab, shrimp, spam, etc etc.  Watch out for how much they're putting in and try to estimate your party's needs.NOW, tell them how spicy you want this hot mess and they bring it to the back to stir fry it up real quick.  The line is long, but it moves quite quickly.  Pay at the register and pick up 1 white rice per order (extra rice is $1, but you can try to confuse them by going back with the receipt later and say you didn't get your rice.  Chinese...).  It's best you go find yourselves (cannot be eaten by just 1 person, bring food buddies) a table, and return a few mins later for pick up (and tell them you want rice (again)).  May I suggest you get a can of Wang Lao Ji (Mando), or Wong Loh Gut (Canto) to go with your madd pot.  There are all kinds of interesting spices inside that can make your tongue numb and brain trippy.  It's also healthy to wash all the heat down with a nice can of Chinese cooling tea so your throat don't get all messed up, and pimply-faced.*They use recyclable eco-friendly bowls made of compressed leaves.  Don't throw them out!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,5/10/2012,183,552,3,7,6>This was one of those places that I went to just to try a different cuisine - in this case, Central Asian food found in countries like Uzbekistan.My friend and I randomly chose several things off the menu. These included:-Chebureki - I noticed that the menu offers several varieties of these so I thought it must be popular. We got some with meat and also with vegetables. These things are these half moon shaped fried dough things that are very similar to empanadas. I recommend trying some - hot, juicy and crispy.-Green Pilaf - Rice dish with sauteed pieces of beef and onions in it. This was okay - it has a smoky flavor to it.-Dolma - This order came with several pieces of beef and rice wrapped in grape leaves. If you are familiar with stuffed grape leaves, you have an idea. Tastes slightly bitter but still satisfying.There are many other unfamiliar menu items I definitely will try in the future. This is simply a great place to check out for those with an adventurous appetite!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,5/9/2012,131,183,2,7,4>I seriously can't get enough of this place. I moved to Astoria 1 month ago and I have already been here 4 times. I don't even want to try anything else! I can't even get over the amount of beers they have on tap, let alone their Growlers, Tequila and Bourbon Menu.$7 Unlimited Brunch + Food ($8-11), enough said. The chef here knows how to cook. The Hangover Cure is hands down the best thing on the brunch menu.Happy Hour = $5 Margaritas and $3 1/2 liter beers till 7. I seriously want to order 5 of their BBQ Brisket Tacos every time I go. And who knew a Mexican place would have the best Fried Chicken EVER! And if the food wasn't good enough reason to go, the staff is amazing! They are so nice and accommodating, and if you sit at the bar they will even take music suggestions. Even when its an Irishman requesting and Irish Jig. That was an experience in itself. You will definitely see my face as a regular here.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,5/8/2012,410,456,3,9,8>My children surprised me on Mother's day.  First I had a call from the florist that I have a bouquet of flowers they want to deliver, they wanted to know if I was home..It was from my daughter-in-law, my eldest son & grandchildren from Speicher, Germany.  The flowers were beautiful and it came with a balloon. My other son & daughter drove me to this cozy  little French  restaurant with an African twist in Little Neck,  Douglaston, called La Baraka.  It looks just like one in a row of restaurants found near the outskirts of Paris...The interiors ...cool parisian paintings..lovely table settings , fresh flowers,  soothing background music...excellent staff..very involved owners, chef & hostess going from table to table making sure everything was pwerfect..., great personal service and last but no least...the food was AWESOME!!!  We had the Prixe Fixed with all the works....Hot French bread in a basket, butter on the sideStarted with a Great Mix Salad Greens with each of us having different dressings...Russian dressing, Bleu Cheese, Vinagrete on the side.Camille & I had the Moules Provencale (Mussels, garlic, parsley) Ron had the Pate'du Jour or Goose Liver Mousse. (sidebar)....I finished most of it..love the Foie Gras...w/ the bread...Escargo drenched in grated garlic,parley & butter...Ron & I had the Cotes d' Agneau a ' ail ( Lamb Chops ) very tender double cut 3 pc each w/garlic & wine sauce.) Camille had The Shirmps & Filet of Sole in Pastry Puff w/ Wild Rice& Mix Sauteed Veg Chunks.Finally the desserts , Mixed fruit Tart w/ custard , Strawberry Mousse, Caramel Custard, and Coffee.The food was very DELICIOUS & TASTY....We were very satisfied and plan to go back there again and try their specialty Couscous.a DEFINITE 5 STAR FOR ME....
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,5/7/2012,116,442,2,7,3>A little change from Picnic Garden that's a couple of blocks away. This place is clean, bigger, and is not full of BBQ fumes. At least I don't walk out of the restaurant reeking of BBQ.Selections are somewhat limited but you can definitely get full off of their well marinated meat. They had a bunch of different banchan and a hot island of food. The waitress are extremely helpful, they come every so often to cut the meat for us and even had a few laughs here and there.The bathroom is darn clean and roomy. Only odd thing about the place, it was a Friday evening and the place was half empty. They also have happy hours for the buffet, from 10pm until 4am prices for the buffet is only $20. Insane much? Maybe that's when the party begins. Regular price is $30 a person, pretty similar to Picnic Garden.Definitely a place to mark down and head back whenever I'm in the need for meat.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,5/6/2012,205,184,5,11,8>I really love this place! I mean seriously- I can count the number of arcades I know of on one hand! The space is small but there are plenty of games that fill it up! Everything from claw machines, to DDR to Skee Ball to Pac Man- they've got something for everyone. If you're like me- (taking my little sister to Chuck E Cheese because I love playing games that spit out tickets) taking a trip out here is far less filled with sneezing, crying kids. Coming here with my husband also makes for a nice nostalgic date. I've only visited in times where it was not crowded (usually about an hour before they close) so I'm not sure what its like when its busy. But there is always a group of teenagers hanging out here. I saw a sign that said they do birthday parties- not sure how that works- but sounds cool. If you are a recreational arcader like me- due to the size of this space- an hour tops is how much time I can spend here. But if you're like hardcore- uh yeah- do your thing.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,5/5/2012,130,274,4,5,7>Yeahhhhhh buddy! This is a steak review from a non-usual steak eater. So this review might be good for any man bringing their woman who needs convincing and is already bitching that they don't eat meat. He made reservations and is paying for you, so hush because Olive Garden can come another time.We came here during Queens Restaurant Week (yes, Queens has them too) for the 3-course $25 pre fixe. We were early for our reservations by 20 minutes, but luckily there were tables open and were seated earlyyyyyyyyyyy. She had the chicken soup, filet mignon, and mushroom mashies sans the mushroom. I had the shrimp bisque, Chilean Sea Bass, garlic mashies, and string beans. Christos Steak House was the perfect choice for Restaurant Week as the quality of food was on point at a fraction of the price. EVERYTHING was perfect and have no complaints. The shrimp bisque was delicious, the sea bass melted like skittles in yo mouth not in yo hand, the filet mignon was succulent, the mashies were dope, and even the string beans tasted of buttery goodness. For zert we both had this pound cake with caramel cream kind of like how flan is topped off and tasted really outstanding.      Wait staff was amazing and there even was a group of drunk bankers trying to pick up one of the waitresses unsuccessfully talking about their sexcapades. Christos I applaud you.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,5/3/2012,44,244,5,6,6>"Did we just become best friends?" That was the thought I directed at William Hallet as I ate another juicy bite of their gigantic double cut pork chop. The porkchop was like a Hulk Hand. I expected it to blare "Hulk Smash" as I cut into it. It was topped with potato au gratin and an onion ring, and surrounded with red cabbage and bacon. It was a thing of beauty. I have been in Astoria roughly three months now, and this is probably the best meal I've had in the neighborhood. We had a seat by the window, and whenever passers by would stop and look at the menu, I really wanted to just take my fork and offer them a bite. Or yell wildly out the window with a mouthful of food that they should come inside and try some of my wife's suckling pig and grits. My wife is not the fan of pork that I am, not even the fan of food in general that I am, but she still walked away excited about the meal she ate at William Hallet. The beer selection is small, but fantastic. There's also a list of cocktails I look forward to trying, along with the dessert menu, and while I'm at it, the rest of their dinner menu, and any other menus they may have.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,5/2/2012,262,262,15,10,9>Who has the best pizza? I'm staying out of that war-zone but i do love Grimaldi's. I always frequent the location in Douglaston since there usually is no wait. The pizza itself is thin crust and always made with fresh ingredients. A large plain pie will run about 16 bucks followed by topping which can range from $2-4 each.My personal favorite? Extra basil and extra garlic, oh hell yeah i said it ! My breath be kickin like Bruce Leroy but it's so worth it. Staff is VERY friendly! And bring cash as they don't take credit or iou's here.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,5/1/2012,122,365,7,14,13>This was my first bootcamp experience and I didn't know what to expect.Well...I thought I knew what to expect which was to cry, maybe throw up a little, and get yelled at by some thick necked ex-marine.Instead I ended up having more fun than I do at my normal gym and I woke up each morning of class excited to go.I did the 3 week Burn Express which was offered as a groupon for a pretty great deal. It was run by the owner and instructor Josh and he made the experience really unique. He is amiable and has a personality that makes him easy to have a conversation with everyone in the class. He remembered my name immediately from the first day along with the other first timers there and that made each workout feel like personal training.Now do NOT get me wrong..he is insane. The workouts that we do were the "easy" version and the people who had already completed other "challenges" were doing some shit I can only hope to do some day. Every single workout in the 9 session session was completely different so you're body doesn't know what to expect. It's always a full body workout with upper body and lower body alternating throughout the 1 hour session.The music also varies throughout each session which I appreciated. It ranged from a kind of dance music to reggaeton to reggae to hip hop and it wasn't loud but it was motivating.Just from the 3 weeks I can see a difference in how much stronger my upper body is and my general ability to make it through a grueling class. (I actually did a Crunch class on a non Urban Jungle day and I was a little disappointed that he didn't push me hard enough).There is parking in the area so I wouldn't let your location deter you from checking this place out. The class sizes stay smaller so you get more individual attention and his motivation tactics are so nice and genuine that I never once thought "I hate this guy..I hate this class".Regardless of your fitness level, he will find modification for every exercise so you'll never feel like you should be doing something that could cause you injury.I would highly recommend doing one of the burn challenges if you want to get motivated to improve your fitness or get back on track.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,2/2/2014,84,161,5,8,5>So a friend and I had been talking about this place because it was so closed for so long (think stacks of dust on the tables) that we were trying to figure out what was going on. Then it miraculously opened two months ago.Based on the other glowing reviews my boyfriend and I decided to check it out for brunch on Saturday. Slam dunk, home run, touchdown! I loved it.Nothing on the brunch menu sticks out as something that you "just have to have" but it all looks so tasty you have a hard time deciding what to order. We ended up with the croque madam for him and the oeuf gamin for myself. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the food came out promptly and it was all delicious.We took a sneak at the dinner menu as well and that looks equally as fabulous (though I have to say I'm not really a frog legs fan). We're very excited to try out their dinner menu and are so relieved to have found a great local brunch spot (our old spot was Locale on 34th Ave but that's a little far now).I felt their prices were very reasonable for the portion sizes and for how well the food was cooked. The staff was attentive and prompt. And the decor is too cute for words. Very cozy and clean. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,2/1/2014,114,126,5,13,8>Stumbled upon Panda Cafe on my way to Starbucks. Didn't make it past there because I went in and ended up ordering the special - bubble tea and crispy chicken for $3. I was really confused with myself because I also wanted to try the taro fries, but I didn't want another bubble tea nor did I want a whole thing of fries, so the girl said she could give me half taro fries and half chicken with my bubble tea so I could get a tasting of both.Taro fries - crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, good flavorCrispy chicken (spicy) - little bits of fried chicken heaven, awesome, crispy and tender, hopefully when I order it by itself next time, I'll get a lot, yumTaro milk tea - had more of a tea flavor mixed with the taro flavor, not bad, I like that it isn't too sweet or milky tastingThe workers are friendly, space is clean, food was good. I will definitely be back to try the paper pot (healthier version of hot pot) and their other food options that I've never seen before. Panda Cafe is a must try! Oh and there is free WiFi!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/31/2014,553,249,19,15,12>A Canadian walks into a social security office...Excuse me I mean a Legal Working Alien walks into a social security office...After a nice 2 hour and 36 minute wait this Alien realized she should have showed up first thing in the morning."I hope the one person who I can't understand calling numbers doesn't call my name", the Alien said to her self.The number that matches the overly played with and rubbed ticket is called and with more documentation then is needed she jumps to her feet and skips over to window 11."yes, I understand" is uttered more times than she can count."Caucasian"Blank stare from the man behind the window."I'm white""Caucasian isn't an option" the man says expressionlessly.A few questions here, a few confused looks there, an all seemed to be good.And the legal Alien walked out feeling pretty good as the sun was starting to set her new social security card would be arriving soon and that is a good thing, or at least  a good thing for Aliens.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,1/30/2014,208,211,9,14,10>Ever felt really angry and about to explode? Well, step into The Oneness Fountain Heart and all that will melt away and you also be leaving full. I've never been to a place like this before. It's like the dalai lama invaded an upper east side living room who loves birds (reminded me a bit like Alice in the Wonderland during the tea party scene). The moment you walk in, you feel an inner peace within your body, definitely a zen vibe. The walls are sky blue with bird paintings on each wall. To your right, you'll see a small book collection (probably promoting self-happiness and etc). This was the 2nd time eating at a Vegetarian spot and it was pretty good. I'm a big fan of meat, but the entrees taste similar to the real thing and I'm pleasantly surprised. Souvlaki Fountainopolis - (grilled, spiced vegetarian beef served with brown rice, greek salad and yogurt-cucumber tzaziki) - was pretty good. I recommend it. The zucchini roll (with "sausages") was one of the highlights among the dinner. And as for the dessert, if you have a sweet tooth, definitely try the passion fruit and the berry dessert.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,1/29/2014,225,493,7,9,10>Visiting on Black Friday it was nearly empty, some people at the bar and a couple of other tables were eating dinner.We started off with the chili cheese fries, which were exceptional.  Even under the cheese sauce and chili the fries were super crispy and delicious on their own.  The cheese sauce was just thick enough and the chili was stupendous. It had a hint of spice and was so flavorful.  I can see myself eating a big bowl of the chili and being very happy.As for the entrees, the brisket flavor was good, but it was a bit on the tough side.  It wasn't the melt in your mouth type of brisket I love.  Speaking of melt in your mouth that's where the ribs come in. The rib combo comes with both the sticky and dry rub varieties.  The sticky was my favorite, no the dry rub was, no the sticky...I just couldn't decide.  The sticky version are baby back ribs and glazed in a delicious, slightly sweet BBQ sauce.  These were fall off the bone tender with a nice smokey flavor.  The dry rub version were St. Louis ribs; the rub was packed with flavor and the true pork flavor shined though.  Again the meat fell off the bones.  Entrees are served with baked beans and coleslaw.  The beans are a bit sweet. The coleslaw was quite good; nice and crisp.  I substituted the beans for collar greens on the combo plate.  These were more of a pickled collar, so that packed acidity with some heat which was a nice complement to the BBQ.They serve some solid dishes, that make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/28/2014,108,429,6,13,8>Small gem located on the corner of the street! I love this place so much!The appetizers are amazing! The crab and avocado is so creamy. Of course, you must order the grilled watermelon arugala salad. The watermelon comes out steaming hot with three meaty shrimps in a peanuty sauce. The arugula is also delicious with the oily dressing! I was a bit sad that the salmon ceviche had so little salmon, but every bit of it was totally worth it. I can still tastes the fresh fishiness of the salmon.Order the espresso cake for dessert! It was so light and didn't make me feel terrible at all. The bottom layer of it has some kinda chocolate crunch which was amazing.I liked how they don't try to kick/rush you out despite all the people that keep trying to come in for a table. This place is very cozy/intimate. Love the song choices too!Check in on yelp for a free glass of Chardonnay or Cabernet with an appetizer purchase.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/27/2014,121,1222,4,9,6>This totally feels like an underground pizza place.  You sort of have to be in the know to get to this one since their hours are from 6-11 p.m. at night, it's located in an old industrial building (entrance is on the side) and we heard about it from an online blog.The ambiance is perfect for those who want a meal free from little screaming children.  If you're a hipster or into high quality ingredients, you're going to love it.We ordered a half & half pizza (they put a piece of dough in the middle to make sure the two sides stayed separate, a first in my experience of ordering a half & half pizza).  Unfortunately, my husband's half came with anchovies he didn't want (and specifically asked not to have) which resulted in my cheese tasting fishy (he's lactose intolerant).  We'd nearly finished when the waitress asked us how things were.  I mentioned about my cheese tasting fishy & she insisted on the kitchen making us another pizza.  By that time, we were full & on our way to a show in Manhattan so we were pressed for time.  That wasn't a problem since she had it made to go.Turns out their pizza is really good reheated in your kitchen oven.  I love the crust/dough though the pizza itself near the tip is thinner than you'd see in traditional NY style pizza.  Sauce & cheese are very yummy, though I wish I'd had a little more sauce on mine.As we left, we saw this woman with children hesitating at the door.  I guess if this place is trying to be childfree, they're doing a great job at keeping the families out.  Honestly, I hope this place thrives & does really well since Ridgewood lacks good date night spots that are affordable and located in an area I can easily get to.I want to come back sometime to have dessert.  Just remember it's cash only.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,1/26/2014,111,166,6,6,6>Sadly, I eat take out at least twice a week.  Their chicken and broccoli is great. Sometimes can be kind of salty but seriously? It's Chinese take out, that shit is salty oily and will give you heartburn.  I have taken quite a liking to their beef Lo mein. I only wish there was more noodles and not so much meat, but that's just me being... Weird lol. This place is a hole in the wall so whats up with this talk about it being dirty and all? it's a take out place come on -_- the other Chinese food place around the corner (I didn't feel the name of the joint important enough to remember... I can just tell you it's got a green theme going on), charge a lot for what? This place is dirt cheap and delivers what you want no thrills no frills. For example, you can order a small and that shit is so overflowing it may as well be called a medium. Plus the owner here are so kind to my family. Always giving my kid brother a soda... The chef would even walk out to the car because he knows my brothers sitting inside (he gave me one too hehe). That's some customer service.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,1/25/2014,36,17,3,20,12>For those of you in the Briarwood/Kew Gardens neck of the woods, you've probably noticed the lack of reasonably priced restaurants that actually delivers quality food in the area.  Well score one for the home team, because we just enjoyed what I expect to be our first of many meals at Katarina Bar and Grill.  We enjoyed everything that we ordered: chicken quesadilla, steak sandwich w/fries, coconut shrimp and the thai chili glazed buffalo wings.  Everything was reasonably priced - $10 and under - and really tasty.  The most expensive dish on the menu is $14.  Although we ordered to go, the decor of the restaurant is pretty nice.  There is a pretty cool little bar area and a decent sized dining area.  The owners were there with their family, and seemed like very nice people.  We are looking forward to going there again and expect to be loyal customers.  If you're looking to try something new, this is a very solid option.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/24/2014,1988,418,8,11,12>I absolutely Love this park! It's great for walking, jogging, dog walking, scooter riding, picnicking, baseball, tennis, or just chilling out and relaxing! It's a fantastic size, considering it's a Queens park. There are three baseball fields, a roller hockey rink, tennis courts, a track, a playground for the little ones, a hand ball and bocce ball court (which is currently being renovated), and a delightful green landscape, which seems to last even amongst the colorful fall foliage. There are a bunch of benches and some tables as well. I love watching the cute old Italian men play bocce ball, and the senior citizens who sit at the tables and play cards (or other various senior games). I also love watching all the people walk their dogs. 9 times out of 10, when they hear me owwwwwing and awwwwwing, they ask me if I want to pet the furry, four legged, cutie pie, and of course I sit there and ogle over it! The only thing I strongly DISLIKE about this park is the abundance of pigeons. Obviously, it's not the parks fault, and therefore five stars will remain, but I just can't stand these rat like birds. I don't know anyone who hates pigeons as much as I do. I don't even like the word. It makes me so mad that they always flock to this park. They gross me out terribly and sometimes while I'm here, I think they purposely walk in front of me... SICKENING! I yell and scream, clap my hands, and stomp my feet like a mad woman to get them out of my sight. If there's any commotion in the park, it's probably me trying to scare off these disgusting creatures. I love this park because it's never too crazy. It's always very calm and serene. There's never much of anything going on, just locals hanging out, walking their dogs, getting exercise, or coming to relax. Also, if you look towards the huge open field, you can see the Freedom Tower in the city (check out my pic). Another thing that makes this park great is fact that the bathrooms are half way decent. I mean they're not spectacular, but there's always toilet paper, the smell is minimal, and the sink works. Do beware the last few times I've come here there hasn't been soap. If you haven't been here before I urge you to come check out this lovely park, but please leave your bad habits and rambunctiousness at home (or bring it to Flushing Meadow Corona Park lol).
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2013,8/4/2013,116,655,5,6,6>La Rioja provides tasty tapas, neighborhood charm, and friendly service to the Astoria masses. Qian and I met up for a Yelp date to sample their wares before I leave Astoria for good! Its like Suanne's farewell tour of Astoria eateries!This week, the doors were wide open, allowing the warm summer air to waft over the tables in the front. Its better than sidewalk dining! The chalkboard out front pointed out some of the goods for the evening. The restaurant and staff were welcoming and relaxed - its was a great start to the evening.We ordered:Salmon ahumado (smoked salmon)Pulpo a la gallega (boild octopus with potatoes and paprika)Patatas bravas (crispy potatoes with spicy sauce)Esparragos a la vinagreta (white asparagus salad)Solomillo de cerdo al ajo (fried pork cutlets)My favorites were the octopus and the asparagus. The octopus was exactly what I wanted - tender octopus in olive oil sliced very delicately. The asparagus was refreshing and tender. The potatoes were standard, the smoked salmon as salty and fresh as expected. The pork cutlets were terrible. You couldn't cut through them with the knives they provided you and were terribly dry. The menu is very protien heavy by the way - its not very vegetarian friendly. The service was friendly without being pushy and they were nice enough to let us sit and chat for a very long time. The decor is bright with splashes of Spanish tchokes - but is otherwise not memorable. It leans more casual.Value was okay - perhaps I should try one of their main entrees or paella next time. For the most part, this place as A-Okay.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/3/2013,212,116,7,8,9>New addition to the Ditmars Blvd area. My dining companion and I walked in on Friday evening, memorial day weekend , with no reservation around 7pm and the restaurant was PACKED. We put our names in w the host (who told us it would be about a 15-20 minute wait) and went to try to grab a drink at the bar while we waited (there were no seats available here, either).Just as we were about to order some pre-dinner cocktails, my companion was tapped on the shoulder and we were led to our cozy table on the first level (it had been less than a three minute wait).MP's has a similar menu to the many other tavernas in the area, which in my opinion means they have that much more to prove in order to stake their claim on a very Greek influenced area. Within a few bites of my scallop appetizer, I knew they'd taken the challenge by storm.Our waiter (Roger) and waitress-in-training (Caroline) were both very attentive and knowledgeable of both the food and the -long- wine list, which boasts many Greek wines which they definitely talk up a bit. We noticed that none of the tables in our entirely filled area seemed wanting for anything at any point throughout our meal. We felt unrushed and not hovered over as well.I went w the soft shell crab special (a little over battered but delicious none the less) and he had the octopus appetizer (very tender and meaty) and the Sliders which he couldn't stop raving about (yes, they were amazingly seasoned as well).Only flaws I saw really was the music when we first got there, but it transitioned by the time we left, and the fact the bread came out cold. Other than that, thumbs up and I will def. be returning!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/2/2013,226,636,9,12,10>Prior to visiting De Mole, when I got my Mexican food cravings, I'd take the short walk to El Rey taco truck and call it a night. But - when you're trying to take your gf out on a date, the taco truck might not cut it, so I had to step my game up.Enter De Mole.The lady and I had some other places lined up but once this place came up we both realized we'd had wanted to check this place out for a while. We trudged out in a foot of snow during the recent snow storm and came here for an amazing date night. When we stepped inside, there was only one other party was there and this place is intimate and has a classy decor, which only lead to a really romantic experience. We started off with a really nice bottle of white wine (Less than $30 for a 2006 Chardonnay? Say Word?!) and the fish ceviche.  I felt like I've tried a million shrimp ceviche that all tasted the same, but this ceviche was out of this world. Finely minced veggies and cubed flaky white fish. Could of had this just as an entree alone. For my actual entree, I went with the carne asada, which was BOMB. I was a little reluctant at first, since a lot of places overcook the beef and it's like a piece of rubber by the time it hits your table. Mine was cooked perfectly, seasoned just right and really tender. Came with some grilled veggies and the always tasty rice and black beans. The best part was - it was greasy or super duper filling to the point that I was bursting at the seems. Will I still frequent taco truck for a quick fix? Of course. But when I'm trying to get my formal on and have a nice, sit down Mexican meal in the hood, De Mole will be my first choice!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,8/1/2013,200,154,6,10,8>While I am by no means an expert in dim sum, I was really impressed with Asian Jewels (or is it Ocean Jewels?). We went on a Sunday and we were lucky enough to score a table immediately. The moment we sat down, the ladies pushing the carts came over. And then they kept coming over. More carts, more food. We had so much food on our table it was ridiculous. And it was all really, really good. I was most impressed by the patience and kindness of the staff who actually took the time to tell us what was in their dim sum carts. I'm used to either complete indifference or borderline hostility when I go for dim sum, but the staff at Asian Jewels was really nice to us. This was one of the best dim sum experiences I've had in New York so far. It is definitely more expensive than some of the other dim sum restaurants that I've been to, but it's well worth it.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/31/2013,32,170,7,10,9>This would be my neighborhood restaurant, if I lived in the neighborhood. But it kinda still is my neighborhood restaurant because it's so close by subway, and conveniently located near many subways. I've stopped by to and from a many classes and appointments, or taking the express from the city.I feel their food is generally consistent, there may have been a spring roll that were a little over-fried or a not-so-well marinated pork chop. But their food always has great flavor, the good combinations of Vietnamese food- sweet, salty, crunchy, minty, tart, fresh ingredients, with nicely grilled meats. Great price for the portions and really fast service.I recently went here to recover from New Year's- craving some red meat. I got the steak cubes rice dish and a lemonade (a little lemon to detox the liver and digest meat). Don't let the word "cube" fool you! These were kinda like sirloin tips, sauteed with onions, with a soy/worcestershire/shallot or garlic? sauce, garnished with slices of cucumber and tomatoes. The beef was cooked a nice medium, and the sauce soaked into the rice and onions. The sauce was SO good. I thought I was full halfway through the plate and then slowly made my way through ALL of it. I don't like onions, but even ate a few- they were soft and marinated by the sauce. The lemonade was mild, not too sweet, but a nice contrast. I've pretty much eaten all the standards on their menu and recommend:-the pho with rare beef (with hoisin and chunky chili sauce mixed together for dipping please!)-pork chops and rice-vermicelli bun bowl with spring rolls on top(thick white noodles)-shrimp or beef (beef rolls) vermicelli (angel hair white noodles) lettuce mint wraps-mixed vegetable stir-fry & a side of pork chop  I'm not too crazy about:-summer rolls (I'll have to try these again, for some reason they sometimes lack flavor, and they always come out later than the rest of the food since they take longer to make- soaking the wrappers)-the grilled beef on rice (it's good, but I always expect the beef to be nicely grilled steak. It's actually sesame rolled up beef, with a scallion in the middle. Carefully made, but not the texture that I usually want).
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,7/30/2013,59,195,3,10,4>No Yelp reviews??? What?? This place has top notch google+ reviews so check them out if you want some confirmation of their awesomeness other than my own.We have a 2002 Ford Focus wagon. The engine light turned on. We knew something was up, since the car had been making noises and acting unusual. Oil was fine, coolant fluid was fine... we took it to one place and they said it was the transmission, but because they didn't do transmission stuff we had to take it somewhere else. I frantically searched on google and yelp for another place nearby (we needed to car done before the following weekend) and found Precision Auto Work's great reviews on google. There we went, on a Saturday. Unfortunately it was closed for the weekend, but a mechanic was working on a car and one of the owners was there. He came out, introduced himself (super friendly!) and looked at the car and asked us about it, and then gave us a card and told us to call Monday morning.I thought it was awesome that he came out on a Saturday morning and actually took the time to talk with us, and he was really friendly, so we definitely called them and they worked on our car and it was done on time. The problem was the shift solenoids, which had to be replaced, which meant removing the transmission. Cheap parts, but a lot of work. Still, the price was much lower than I was expecting. Car worked great. They also called us a couple of months later to ask if it was still running okay! Superb service! They are definitely our go-to car problem place now.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/26/2013,7/29/2013,757,559,6,9,7>Reviewing Pizza by the Slice/Broccoli Pin wheel:The last two times I stopped at Lenny's I focused on the delectable, fresh slices that are on clear, eye level display. The colors of the ingredients at Lenny's seem to have such a vibrant, fresh appearance. (greens-reds-whites, the color of the Italian flag)The broccoli in the pinwheels are so perfectly spiced with garlic and oil and fortunately differ from most pizza parlors pin wheels. Lenny's are thick and chunkier rather than flat and compressed. Literally they are the size of two hockey pucks stacked atop one another.To my pleasant surprise, the Pin wheels were the best item I have had from Lenny's (that is off the counter) this day.The regular slice had the finest, crispiest crust I have had in a good while, but there was much open space where the cheese missed its mark,  my Sicilian slice suffered the same fate as well. Both slices were average, again the missing cheese was the main issue, but had excellent potential. with the sauce being so perfectly balanced.White slice (ricotta) was quite enjoyable, so smooth and creamy, heated to a perfect temperature which is key to that particular slice. Warming up slices that have different ingredients in hundreds of degree oven, takes a little skill. The pepperoni slice was initially raw cuts of pepperoni on a completed pie of slices, when placed in the oven the pepperoni did not get as crispy as I like, without burning the regular cooked slice. All of the other slices looked very enticing, but with all of the Entree's on the menu, especially the 5 options of veal, pasta's and seafood, they will just have to wait.Clean as a military barrack inside and out, service was on point and prices were totally reasonable..(3.5 stars)
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,7/28/2013,171,248,5,6,6>Dominie's is a really chill spot in Astoria. I'm glad it's adding a balance to the 30th ave Euro vibe.Don't get me wrong, I like the Euro vibe, but Dominie's adds another great bar to the super (maybe overly) trendiness on our Avenue. The sign right out front should give you a good idea about this place. It usually says something like "$5 shot & can of beer". And hey, we didn't get shitty well shots. We did however get PBR or Coors light. Not awesome, but for $5 how can you complain?I'm just guessing, but I think this is probably owned by the same people that own Dominie's Hoek in LIC on Vernon. They have the exact same facade. And I really like the blue with the two windows!The crowd is definitely a little different than other bars in Astoria, especially on 30th Ave. They often have live music and a lot of times it's really good! I met and saw Kana Uemura here. It was amazing! They have a drink called "The Admiral" which is pretty good. not sure if they have any other signature cocktails... time to go back!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/27/2013,19,95,6,8,6>I walked in the shop yesterday with a bike I bought off the the internet. And was surprised they weren't mean about it.Carlos, was very friendly and was happy to answer all my questions. I had already bought parts on the internet and forgot to buy a water bottle cage. Hence, I was in the store for that reason. I was handed a standard $7 water bottle cage. They didn't even try to sell me the $50+ carbon ones. Although, they were happy to show it to me when I asked. I decided the $7 cage was most practical and went with it. They do have a $10 credit/debit card minimum which is fair. I looked around the store so I could fulfill that minimum. They were happy to assist me without forcing me to get anything. I ended up getting a security cable as I again already bought parts/accessories like lights and etc online. This made me regret doing that. Carlos was very knowledgeable and was able to make recommendations and answer all my questions. Online shopping doesn't give you that benefit. Oh, and he showed me how to put the water bottle cage on my bike myself. Another benefit of going to a LBS. LIC bicycles prices are very reasonable and Carlos and his staff are very nice. I personally won't be purchasing anymore bike parts/accessories online and will be visiting this store instead. Also, the location is extremely convenient.  It's right before the 59th Street Bridge.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,7/26/2013,356,239,6,9,9>Sweet Afton is a cozy Astorian retreat from the cold. However, be warned that grabbing a table here is like a game of musical chairs. You must be persistent and quick.There's great people watching here...some very unique hipsters frequent the place.I love the drink menu. There are so many inventive rum drinks! I was definitely in my element. They have a decent beer selection too, but the specialty drinks here are so delicious and unique they are worth a try. The pickle martini wasn't really for me. It started out all right and then turned into something else... but the coconut lime rickey was addictive! They have live music.  The food is locally sourced (if you are into that sort of thing). The burger was good, but a bit on the greesy side. Overall, a really fun and laid back bar to come to on a date or with friends.  I will return.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,6/23/2012,522,450,3,17,9>Fresh Meadows Natural has been open for two whole days, and I've been there twice.  It is a new oasis for grocery shopping in this part of Queens.  It is clean, extremely well organized, and full of all my favorite foods and drinks.This place basically has everything, if you're looking for mostly natural and organic produce and products.  Surprisingly, they have every single flavor of every single product of quite a few brands.  Here's just a brief sample of the many goodies I saw: two freezers full of Annie's meals and veggie burgers, several shelves full of Yogi Tea, a shelf dedicated to chocolate bars, basically all the kombucha you could ask for, all the Ciao Bella you could want (and Steve's and Ben and Jerry's to boot), plenty of organic/vegan/gluten free baked goodies and snacks, plenty of Larabars, and a deli with breakfast sandwiches (I can't wait to grab a bacon, egg, and cheese on the way to the bus!).  Oh, and there is an excellent beer selection.  The best one I've seen in Fresh Meadows thus far.Additionally, the staff is friendly and helpful, and everything is reasonably priced.  I didn't see a single product that cost more than it would at Whole Foods.  Most of the stuff was the same, or a little bit less.So go here!  It's amazing.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,6/22/2012,393,406,15,11,11>Thanks to Dutch Kills, all it takes to become a native New Yorker is ten minutes and $14.There is no logical explanation for the location - this stretch of Jackson Avenue merely serves as a conduit between the Queensboro and PS1. But, behind the white neon "Bar" sign is an oasis of class.The small interior is full of old wooden booths with a few seats at the bar. You're here for one reason - the drinks. The team behind Milk & Honey created Dutch Kills so there is no messing around with the cocktails. They are expensive, strong and delicious.I've had the Native New Yorker and the off-menu American Trilogy, and both were awesome. As crazy as it sounds, the ice is one of the best parts of the drink. It's hand cut and ends up in tiny round shavings. They also come with an Inspector Gadget-like metal straw that has a stirring spoon on the end.This is a great place for strong cocktails and a speakeasy vibe without the lines and fuss that this would have in Manhattan. Also, its a fun way to enjoy yourself while your car is being towed without your knowledge.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,6/21/2012,677,794,4,11,8>These 5 stars are for sheer joy that there is something delicious a mere steps away from my apartment! My neighborhood is great. I mean, really great people live here but its not the place you move or work near for the food. The food, at best is average. The service isnt great. This particular location where Cuzco Peru just opened up has been cursed. In the 4 years that i have lived here, things were on the verge of opening and never officially opened. When the awning for cuzco peru appeared, i thought it was just more false hope. But they opened. So i went. The menu is similar to a nearby neighborhood restaurant (Tu Casa). The offerings are similar but the prices are slightly more reasonable at Cuzco Peru. Its still new so at dinner time, the place was empty. But i prefer to dine when its slow, there is better service.I decided to order a chicken dish since the reviews for the other location raved about the chicken. for $8.50 i got a 1/4 chicken, rice and beans, salad, and a side dish (choice of tostones, maduro, or yuca frita). The chicken was perfectly cooked. Deliciously moist and clearly i didn't order enough of it... The white rice was seasoned and tasted great by itself. The beans, which i usually add salt to were great. They made a tasty vinaigrette for the salad but shredded the ice berg lettuce. Aside from that it was very good. The tostones were everything i wanted. Crispy outside with soft plantain in the center with crystals of salt.  I asked for the green sauce. . .fair warning...that shit is Freaking spicy. Spiciest green sauce I have ever had.Definitely coming back to this place. They even have parihuela (fish stew) and i find it very hard to find.The sangria is not great. But everything else is awesome. They take credit cards and there is no delivery minimum. If i were the competition... i would be shitting my pants right now. The waiters at Cuzco Peru are extremely polite unlike some other places in the area.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,6/20/2012,520,724,7,16,13>Hidden in a quiet section of Sunnyside Gardens is a gem of a restaurant that specializes in Americana Cuisines.This evening we tried:Creamy Corn Chowder (soup of the day)- tasty & satisfying.    Rate 4/5.Mussels with curry+coconut sauce- good quality mussels, the sauce is very flavorful; an enjoyable appetizer . Rate 4/5, Stuffed sole with asparagus + Saffron Rice ($17)- The fish is fresh and good. Saffron Rices a little over cooked. Rate 4/5.Grilled NY Shell Steak & Fries ($21)-  Excellent cut of beef. Large and grilled medium. Rate 5/5. Banana bread pudding  ($6)- Tasty. Rate 4/5.Chocolate Pot De Creme ($6)- Sinfully delicious. Rate 5/5.Overall: A place for Manhattan's expensive high standard food in Queens!The place is charming and the booths are cozy. I heard Sunday brunch is great and  the garden in the back is wonderful in the summer.I'll be back!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,6/19/2012,523,791,14,21,17>Rincon!, I am IN LOVE with you!Best CUBAN Food in NYC!ANYONE should be able to come to Queens because is less than a block away from the 7th TRAIN on Junction BLVD. (HINT HINT)1) Every Entree comes with 2 Side Dishes 2) Every Dish is HUGE!I ordered the Ropa Vieja (One of their famous dishes). And Loved the flavor, the texture of the meat and lots and lots of sauce!.My Roommie ordered Chicharron the Pollo.  O M G!, I even grabbed 2 pieces from him!, IT was DELISH!.  (Not dry at all and full of flavor and crunchy!.Side dishes I recommend Rice and beans (If you like them) Or sweet plantains OR Yuka frita, don't order regular fries (they are just too plain).  Skipped dessert because there was too much food going on.  I had a food comma.**************************CASH OR AMEX ONLY***************************
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,6/18/2012,333,234,4,8,7>Literally only a few steps away from my new place in Astoria, Mosaic Cafe & Lounge seemed to be almost too convenient a location for a wine and small plates indulgence. I would walk by daily, wondering what occasion would be an excuse to go in.There are so many new places in my new neighborhood that I wanted to try, but I always ventured elsewhere (never disappointed with the choices I made).Even the owner noticed my interest, during the day, while he was prepping the place for the evening business. Although I hadn't even stepped foot into his establishment, he always had a friendly greeting for me.The perfect excuse finally happened. On a Sunday morning, I had a huge breakfast at the Bayside Diner, and I didn't want to deal with cooking, or going out for dinner.My significant other suggested we go to Mosaic, and it was a sublime experience! A glass (or two) of Pinot Grigio, accompanied by a plate of Italian Pepper Salami, Sopressata cured w/ wine & garlic, Jarlsberg and smoked Gouda cheese w/ Lungfish Caviar. All were presented superbly with a garnish of candied dried fruits and nuts, drizzled with a balsamic reduction.The ambiance was extremely relaxed. We chose to sit at the bar, and had great conversation with the bartender. It was genuinely good service, and that's the general vibe of the place.So, for my 100th Yelp review, I think the planets aligned to make this wonderful experience happen. I can't wait for next Sunday.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,6/17/2012,230,472,1,8,4>I was skeptical.This place is owned by someone who owns a few Thai restaurants in Manhattan. That they would set up a branch on an obscure corner in an obscure working class neighborhood in Queens seemed an odd business move, especially as the prices are practically the same as any Thai place on 9th Avenue.The giant crystal chandelier, ultramodern white furniture (why does almost every new Thai restaurant look like this now? Is this what Bangkok is like?), over-the-top sculpted food presentation (rice comes out formed into an oblique cone, egg rolls in a vase garnished with a nest of carrot shavings), adult contemporary music on the stereo (Adele, that song from Aladdin) all felt out-of-place in this modest, down-to-earth, home-style neighborhood where showiness isn't a part of the daily routine.However...The service was ultra prompt, attentive, and friendly. There was thankfully no television, which seems to be unfortunately rare in these parts. The view of the surrounding streets is fantastic if you sit up in the big picture window toward the front corner. The food is excellent. Really, really flavorful and well-cooked. The aforementioned spring rolls were crispy, not greasy. I asked for the red curry with vegetarian duck to be served "spicy," and it actually was spicy, for once (unlike at some Thai restaurants where it still comes out pretty medium). Bold flavors and aromas, firm vegetables. Enormous portions. I was highly, highly satisfied with my meal here and won-over... some of the better Thai food I've had anywhere in a while, and far less obnoxious to eat in than some of the crowded ones in Hell's Kitchen near my office.Prices are higher than Thai Village a few blocks away (although the lunch specials look like a steal), but the food is a real step-up.We'll definitely be back here.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,6/16/2012,1195,408,3,9,6>Found a new nook to get some home cooking, if I feel like paying for it.  And would I pay for it, you ask?  The answer from me: a resounding "YES."Granted it is a bit difficult to get to (let's face it... anywhere in Queens is difficult to get to), but that's beside the point; and they do delivery anyway.  It is an unassuming little joint in a very "neighborhoody" kind of street, a few blocks removed from the hustle and bustle (if you can even call it that) of Steinway and 30th ave (west side).I came in at 5:00 pm and got out at 7:00 pm on a Wednesday, with me and only one other customer (a lady) showing up between those times; shows how less traveled that road is during that time on that day.  Quickly made friends with my fellow patron (yes, we were both Filipino) and we were promptly served our food within minutes of ordering.  The lumpia is exactly how mom used to make them (and still does)... little cylinder shaped flavor grenades that explode with each bite.  And Marty's fried chicken (Chef Recommended) was great; unbreaded chicken quarters with crispy skin with tender and moist (but not oily) meat... you could make a strong argument that this was better than Max's fried chicken (unofficial national fried chicken branch of Las Pilipinas).  I also opted for an adobo fried rice bowl, while my newly found lady friend selected the bagoong fried rice bowl (both chef recommended).  The bowl has quite a substantial amount of toppings and meat (I could barely see the rice in the bowl is how loaded the portion was).  I tried both, and you cannot go wrong either way.The restaurant's tag line is "Filipino Comfort Food" (or something to that effect), and damn was I comforted AND comfortable after my meal here.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,6/15/2012,251,671,6,11,10>I'm glad I'm not one of those people who claim that no cuisine can be as good as it is in its country of origin. I mean, I'd be insufferable then - friends would drop off my Facebook page like flies; I'd be shunned at baby showers and retirement parties.And, I wouldn't seek out the really amazing Mexican food in Corona at places like Tortilleria Nixtamal. Their seafood taco was awesome - fresh, light and full of flavor. While I appreciated the barbacoa taco, I think their seasoned chicken tacos knocked it out of the park, but hooray for lamb/goat tacos!Oh, and I cannot forget their chicken mole tamales. Now this is a tamale that won't have you chugging down pitcher after pitcher of...water. Hooray for moist, flavorful packets of cooked cornmeal, chicken and mole sauce!Top it all off with a tamarind soda and, my friend, you have now ingested a part of Mexico without spending the airfare or dealing with crappy tourists.I'll be back.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,6/14/2012,364,373,8,8,9>Time to review a serious restaurant with delicious food and Vesta comes to mind. It is an out of the way establishment on 21 Street and 30th Ave in Astoria. Vesta's calling card is an Italian influence restaurant with farm to table food which is nicely decorated with local vendors for their artwork and interior construction.I have been here a few times with Wifey and each time we have had fabulous food, intriguing wines and wonderful service. I just dig a neighborhood restaurant that is part of the community. They do things a little different, which is always great with me. I like a little creativity, simple dishes done right and outrageous service when I go out for serious food. This is want makes a good meal outstanding.On our recent visit we started our meal with a "Potato & Pancetta Pizza with caramelized onions, apple & goat cheese @ $13". This Pizza had the texture and flavor that we take for granted on a regular basis. The caramelize onions were pureed and spread throughout the Pizza as the sauce. I thought it was a bean sauce, but was corrected when I asked the waiter. The crust was crispy and the ratio of ingredients had the balance of flavors. The Pizza was all good.Wifey had "Pappardelle with pancetta, ramps, shaved grana cheese & egg yolk @ $15" as her entree. All I can say it was OUTSTANDING. It took me years to appreciate al dente pasta and when I did; I fell in love. The Pappardelle was perfectly cooked and the flavors stood out with the texture of the pasta. The pancetta provided some nice flavor and it was well balanced with the grana cheese. Super delicious dish.I had a very simple dish, "Lasagna with three meat ragu (Sunday Dinner Style) @ $15". Every Lasagna dish I ever had, was so heavy that it stuck to my ribs. The Lasagna at Vesta was light and so delicious, that it just melted in my mouth. It was as good as it gets. Can you imagine Lasagna as a delicate dish? Nice, very nice. The three meat ragu was tasty and was not acidic at all. The lasa noodle layered with ragu and a top of parm cheese just exploded with all the deliciousness in my mouth. Like I said, very lite and with flavor.As we enjoyed this delicious meal, we shared a couple of bottles of red wines from Toscana. I tend to order wines from Italy by region rather than Vintage. I am a big fan of Italian Wines and found this region of Italy to be a winner. Dessert = Baby Jesus Cake = Order This = Delicious = Trust Me!!!!!!!!!Service was outrageously excellent. Our server did a great job. He was knowledgeable and very patient with us, since we were not ready to order a couple of times. He checked on us and let us chill at the end as we enjoyed our wine.I love the fact that you could walk down the street from your apartment and enjoy a great meal. The neighborhood restaurant is a staple of New York City and every borough has some gems. Here in Astoria we celebrate Vesta. If you just stop by for pizza or a three course meal at Vesta; you will experience wonderful food, delicious wine and outstanding service. Mangia & Buon Appetito!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,6/22/2014,1007,752,14,20,13>For the record, this will be my second review of Jack & Nellie's because my first 5 star review was apparently flagged for not following guidelines. Well... screw the sensitive cry babies! Here's another review without insulting the group of obnoxious hungover loud mouths who sat next to us during brunch.Food - Below are all of the things we've tried during different times we've been here. If my original review wasn't flagged and removed, this would of been my updated one.Eggs Benedict! - Eggs are perfectly poached, great Hollandaise sauce, good hash browns. Perhaps my favorite dish on their menu. I order this almost every time I'm here.French Toast w/ sliced bananas - Delicious! Sweet and tasty. Bread wasn't soggy or drenched in oil.Omelette - Ordered 2 different omelettes here before and unfortunately I'm unable to specify what was in both omelettes because I don't have my original review as a reference! From my pictures, I think one was with spinach and if I'm not mistaken, there was feta cheese in there. It was a nice healthy dish that came with a side of fresh fruits. As for the other, I can only remember ordering it for my mother in-law and I did not get the chance to taste it. I don't want to give any false information, I'll check out their menu again next time and provide all of you guys a nice update.Corned Beef and Hash - Pretty good. Served in a bowl with a poached egg. It was slightly salty but overall, still a good meal.Breakfast Burger - Nice portion, great taste, good price and it was filling!Steak and eggs w/ fries special - Bangin! My father in-law enjoyed it. Pretty nice piece of steak. In my photo, the eggs kinda cover the steak. Take my word for it, the steak was pretty fair size for a breakfast platter and for it's price.Drinks - Mimosas and Bloody Mary's! The mimosas comes with a slice of strawberry and some blueberries in the bottom of the glass. As for the Bloody Mary's, they offer two types. Virgin Bloody Mary and one with sake. I've tried both and wasn't too thrilled with the sake one. The sake tasted weird to me in the Bloody Mary. Even though there was no alcohol in the Virgin Bloody Mary, it tasted a lot better. It was nice and peppery.Service - Entire staff is very friendly. We never waited long to be seated. The waitresses here are very sweet.Music - This is probably the best part and my main reason of coming to Jack & Nellie's for brunch. They offer live music during brunch hours. They usually play some soothing acoustic stuff, guitar, violin, double bass, mostly string instruments.Verdict - Hands down, my favorite brunch spot in Forest Hills! They do it all here for brunch. You get the total package. Good food, good drinks, good music, good service, and good prices! Menu is short and simple and they occasionally have specials. You can't ask for anything more out of a place like this. Jack & Nellie's is a real neighborhood gem in my book.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/21/2014,5,28,8,14,12>This place is fantastic. People in Manhattan may consider this place a "hole in the wall," but if you're from Queens, most likely you will think that Lali Guras is like exactly like a restaurant in your home country.First off, getting inside is pretty intimidating. AND IT'S AWESOME. I came in with 2 friends, and was seated within 15 seconds. Those 15 seconds included the waitress eyeing our seats, and asking the patrons who were already there to scoot over to make room for us. Baller status.The menu is simple. For all of our sakes, order the chicken thali. Or if you're a vegetarian, get the vegetable thali. Okay quick lesson (as if you haven't read this from other people's reviews):Thali: various dishes that make up one big dish. At Lali Guras, the thali consists of: - dal (lentil soup)- achard (spicy pickled condiments)- papad (crispy wafer)- chicken/vegetables (whichever ever is your main dish)Oh, and this is all only $8-9? But that's not the best part...THERE ARE FREE REFILLS OF FOOD. But after your second helping, you'll be stuffed.-- Sidenote --I truly loved my experience here. I think I found the man who eats with his hands (that Jason C. pointed out) and sat diagonally from him. He was awesome. He stared at me attempt to eat with my hands, laughed at me, and then TAUGHT me! Let's be real, y'all, food is the universal language. No words between us -- just food and laughter. Thanks, Lali Guras!---Cailin's Recommendation:- Chicken Thali - $8
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,6/20/2014,681,925,9,16,13>Oh Sweetleaf, you provide me with the appropriate fuel I need at any point during a given day: coffee in the morning and hand-crafted cocktails at dusk [1].  And when I'm not in the mood for coffee, your Strawberry Black Iced Tea is what I'm craving.  And I'm always craving cocktails (especially if there's gin in them), so that is a non-issue.The owners of Sweetleaf teamed up with Richard Boccato of Dutch Kills to curate a cocktail menu that features both the best of Dutch Kills as well as some new coffee and tea based cocktails.  My personal goal has been to try one of each cocktail on the menu; needless to say this has taken multiple visits and I still have a way to go.  Highlights: the refreshing Long Island City special, car bombs that taste like banana bread (yes, really), the Kona Swizzle which blends rum and coffee into a cocktail that tastes like a boozy latte, and any of the cocktails that feature ginger (with whiskey, gin, or otherwise).Sweetleaf's ambiance certainly echoes the opulence of the neighboring luxury highrises.  Unlike the leasing office of a luxury highrise though, Sweetleaf's staff and management - whether it's for caffeine to start my day or a nightcap to end it - are nothing but friendly and warm and take great pride in the beverages they make.  And you can't argue with the bartender creating special birthday coffee-based shots with you and throwing one back with you and your friends, either.[1] Sweetleaf begins alcoholic beverage service (and stops serving coffee) at 6pm.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,6/19/2014,183,197,7,11,8>$10.95 weekend buffet is great! Good food with a good price.All-you-can eat for less then $15 bucks; tax and tip included.I've been three or four time already, and will continue to be a customer.The buffet is on the weekends from 12-3pm.They offer basmati rice, naan, samosas, and 5-6 curry like entrees (Chicken Tikki Masala, Chana Masala, and Saag Panner seem to always be available). They also have Kheer (rice pudding, vanilla, & nuts) for dessert.The staff is very attentive as our waters never go dry.I suggest go earlier for groups larger than four, most of the tables seat either two or four. Any larger and they'll need to move furniture.Not sure if it's just me but I feel their samosas have gotten smaller. It's not a bad thing at all. It use to be HUGE to the point you had to break them apart to enjoy them, now they are half the size (still on the larger size) but easier to eat. PS: Let me know if you agree with me, as my other half says I'm crazy and they've always been the same size.I always indulge in the chicken tikki masala & rice. I'm a simple gal. With a little bit of the other entrees just to say, "I've tried them."Why the 4 stars and not the 5 you ask? Mostly because I can't say "WooHoo, It's as good as it gets." My missing star is for space. They are a small restaurant, so I understand the logic for the small buffet area; it's in a little nook area, so at most 2-3 people could be getting food pending on the size of the person.  The tight seating; you gotta have the seats to make the money, but sometimes the tables are close to the point I've have to move it to let people get into their seat. Regardless of the space, I enjoy their food so adapt; go early and pick an end table with easy buffet access. :)
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,6/18/2014,427,354,7,10,8>BRUNCH! The most coveted meal. I ALWAYS cravveeee brunch since I have worked every weekend my whole life and with my Saturday morning off I could not WAIT to head out to Forest Hills to try out Bonfire Grill. I made plans with my friend Denise C. and agreed to meet up at 11 am.First of all, parking is pretty much a disaster. I don't know why I drove over here so optimistically. I drove up and down for a good little while until I was able to find some muni meter parking about 2 or 3 blocks up. If you're okay with taking public transportation go for it. I really hate pubtrans so I'll stick to riding around forever going forward. Once I walked the few blocks I went inside and there is this velvety curtain kind of blocking the doorway. As I peeked my head around, I spotted the bar area and my friend to the left. The girl at the podium came over and said hello but I just proceeded to sit across from Denise. The spot is a closet. Very tiny dining area. There is one long booth and then maybe 3 or 4 tables in front of it. Then maybe 4 to 5 other tables. Little tables. The place is tight. Its a cute LITTLE spot.Now, the service. My friend informed me that the bar tender presented her with a free mimosa because they had her moving her chair all around. I thought that was a really nice gesture. For a slight inconvenience a mimosa is well deserved I'd say. A server came over as I arrived and assured us our waiter would be right over and she was. We ordered from the brunch menu which is pretty decently priced. 2 drinks (I ordered the peach bellini and the mimosa.. both excellent) and I ordered the Salmon eggs benedict (she ordered the eggs benedict) and a side order of pancakes for us to split. Let me start by saying I have never in my life had eggs benedict. I was truly going out on a lim with this selection. What a pleasant surprise.The hollandaise sauce was a sooooo yummy with the eggs and the salmon. The salmon has this awesome flavor. It tasted so fresh. The eggs were runny but not like dripping all over the place which I liked. The english muffin had a nice crunch to it which made it all come together to nicely. The side order of spicy home fries was to DIE for. I only wish the serving was a little bigger. I could have gone for more of that. Not too spicy which I also would have been okay with but definitely enjoyed. The pancakes I wasn't too thrilled with. They gave three in the order. You can tell they are like fresh made. They aren't perfect circles or anything. They each had their own unique shape. Authentic. BUT I don't know if its because I saved them for the very end or if they were not too great all along but there were cold when I began eating them. So they didn't have that delicious soft and warm buttery taste I was looking for. I probably would order them again though and eat them first just to double check.There were a lot of people here for such a small place. Families with children. A large group of friends. A lot of variety and many different backgrounds. That was cool. I love to see different cultures in one spot. Means its great across the board. Over all I had a really good time here. I enjoyed my food and the delicious drinks and the atmosphere was laid back. Perfect for a Saturday morning. I'll definitely be returning.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,6/17/2014,366,164,6,8,7>First timer at Station House and I was extremely impressed. This gastropub-beer hall was the perfect place to hang out with Yelpers and watch a football game *ahem Go Niners!  Excellent beer selection featuring many microbreweries in Maine, Boston, even Astoria, NY.  They even had a display that showed your names of each beer on tap plus how much of the beer was left in the keg.Everything on the menu sounded mouth-watering delicious, it was so hard to choose. We ended up ordering truffle pecorino fries, smoked ribs, roasted Brussels sprouts, and steak sandwich. Hands down, the ribs were the mothereffin-best ribs I've ever had! The meat was so tender, ready to fall off the bone, and at the end of each piece were crunchy burnt ends. Freakin amazing! Absolutely totally worth the trek to FH! Station House, I will definitely be back!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,6/16/2014,115,88,5,10,6>Front Toward Enemy has just raised the bar for the cocktail scene here in Astoria. A beautifully manicured bar adorned with leather upholstered booths and pallet boarded ceilings. Whereas most cocktail bars in NY are small and exude that feel of exclusivity, FTE is expansive and welcoming. It has a true feel for what a cocktail bar in Astoria should have in my opinion. The staff were helpful and prompt. When our bartender realized he may have missed an ingredient from a drink, he informed us and supplied us with the proper drink on the house. Sacrificing cash for craft. From what I was told, many of the bartenders came from Dutch Kills. The quality was the defining hint. The drinks were decadent and beautiful, but in no way broke the bank. All cocktails were fairly priced at $12 a pop. I, naturally veering into whiskey cocktails, sampled the M18, Bow & Arrow, and the Spiked Whiskey. While all were amazing drinks in their own right, the Bow & Arrow was by far the favorite. Actually, it may be my favorite drink that I've had in recent memory. The combination of mezcal and bourbon may be preposterous, but they mixed elegantly. The drink tasted of a bitter butterscotch. It was perfect for my palate as well as my friend who normally steered clear of my drink choices. Front Toward Enemy is the superb addition to the eccentric and diverse collection of bars and restaurants in Astoria as well as to the cocktail scene. PS - The Chickpea Fries are euphoric.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/15/2014,316,388,5,10,8>I know nothing about Filipino food and this was my first time. I was a little scared and had no clue what to expect! I ended up very happy with my meal. I got the fried calamari with sweet and sour sauce - delicious! Also tried the lumpia sariwa (vegetables in crepe with peanut sauce) and ended up loving it. The veggies were nice and crispy and the peanut sauce was a great accent. And my entrée - shrimp in coconut milk - also delicious!Also tried the banana drink with tapioca and gelatin (Sago At Gulaman). Good flavor but I thought there was a bit too much floating in it. Not my style. I got take-out by the way so can't really speak regarding the service. It's a little pricy for a take-out meal, I wouldn't come here all the time. But I'd definitely love to come back and try other items on the menu. Don't be afraid, this is yummy (can't attest as to authenticity of the food since I've never even had Filipino before).
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/14/2014,96,157,4,9,3>My friend and I arrived here at around 7:30pm on a saturday night. It was fairly empty so it was easy to find a table to get some grub. We ordered the nachos, friend calamari, and fried pickles.The portions here are pretty huge.The nachos were good (but then again its pretty hard to mess up nachos).The calamari is a different story. It was probably one of the worst calamari's i've ever had -- the breading was coming off and it was not crispy at all. My friend and I probably finished about 1/4 of this dish.The fried pickles are not like the typical slices of fried goodness. The fried pickles here come in spears. At first, we were quite disappointed, but it ended up being one of our favorite appetizer! Try the fried pickles here - i think the breading is on point!Their beer selection is pretty extensive and has some "girly" beers (i.e. cider and grapefruit beer) to satisfy the non-beer drinkers. Overall, the place is pretty chill to just hang out and catch up. We ended up staying here till 11pm and it only started to get a bit noisy at around 10:30pm. They have tables upstairs that you can reserve in advance that has beer taps embedded into the middle of the table. Now I know to reserve those tables next time I come here.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,6/13/2014,289,416,6,7,6>A very good friend of  mine invited me for a facial.  She scheduled it for early Sunday and although I was thinking of just taking the train, I bravely drove to Flushing and because it was early, I found parking on the street.  I went up three flights of stairs and entered the place.  It has a very relaxing atmosphere. Pretty soon, we were asked to go into the room.  The mini-robe was very clean and the sheets smelled fresh.  They applied cleanser, then cleaned the face, then steam, then mask etc.  The whole facial took over an hour.  They didn't rush it.  Unlike other places, neither did they push any product while I was lying down, defenseless and only half-dressed. :) And for that, I love them. My friend had a package for 20 facials that come up to about $35-40  per facial.  It also allows her to bring a friend for a facial which means the package is partly transferable. Once again, Flushing surprised me with this hidden gem.  I don't hesitate coming back nor recommending this place.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/4/2013,105,138,5,7,5>THIS IS MY FIRST OFFICIAL REVIEW AS AN ELITE MEMBER!  HURRAY FOR ME!Astoria and Greek go hand-in-hand.  I've tried about a dozen places from Northern Blvd to Ditmars.  This is my favorite so far.It's moments like this when I wish there was a 4.5 button.No gyros here.  Super good, homemade, old school.  I'm talking flaming Saganaki (never miss it), some of the best Tzatziki, Mezedes Menus, and these delicious little complimentary rose water pastries at the end of each meal.  Though that doesn't stop me from ordering dessert.Highlights:Saganaki (goat cheese flambe)Char grilled OctopusSheftalia (Meatballs w/ herbs and spices)TzatzikiCyprus Fries (thinly sliced rounds with yummy seasoning)There's daily specials, some that only come once a week.Zenon Taverna is family owned.  So much so that the daughter waited on my table of six one night.  So much so that the restaurant is closing for 2 days for a wedding.  Other restaurants claim to be family owned but the owners are never around.  Not here.  This is one of those gems where you can feel the love.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,10/3/2013,219,103,5,8,5>At $5 a piece, the cocktails are a bargain and not one iota of taste or skill is sacrificed.  Bourbon Bliss (pear finish) was my favorite but the Our Shady Lady, Strawberry-[something] (sweet) and Girl Upstairs (citrusy) were all delightful.  Bourbon Bliss is apparently made with a very hard to find spirit and had tiny bits of mint (no need to chew or pick out) and a nice clean pear finish.  Good stuff.Zucchini chips & eggplant fries appetizer is very good.  Shrimp and grits was interesting but not what my heart had expected.  The grits are formed into a long rectangle and gravy was a bit too salty for my taste.  The brussels sprouts side are done up w/ bacon and apple which was a bit better in thought than reality.  Good but really small pieces and the sprouts got lost in the rest.  Truffle Mac & Cheese is outstanding!Great setting for friends or a date.  Beautifully set up.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,10/2/2013,2398,639,7,10,10>Bann Thai is a pretty decent place for dinner.I recently had the Prix fix which allows for:-A Soup or salad-An appetizer (spring roll or dumplings)-Entree-Dessert (ice cream)I got the tofu and vegetable soup and spring rolls to start.  Both were decent.I had the Basil Chicken as my entree.  It had good flavor and was plated pretty well with respect to presentation.My green tea ice cream was pretty good as well.They did not take AMEX.Service was good on the day that I went.  The place is nice and has lots of interesting dragon based pictures and figurines.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,10/1/2013,225,493,6,8,7>A wonderfully warm, cozy and simplistic space that doesn't feel like it belongs on Queens Blvd.  We were there on a very quiet night.  The bar seems to attract lots of solo patrons, which is nice in an area with so many apartment buildings..  We were greeted and shown to our table.  The wine list isn't huge but there is a variety to choose from.  We started with a Finger Lakes flight and some oysters.  The wine was brought immediately, but the oysters took forever.  So long, that I actually thought they had forgotten to place the order, which they didn't.  Considering there were only 2-3 other patrons, I'm not sure what happened.  I was starting to get annoyed and thinking maybe we should just go.  Luckily the oysters arrived and I have to say they were awesome.  Super fresh and flavorful.Since things started to pick up, we decided to order some more.  The crab and avocado small plate was delicious.  We also opted for the white garlic mussels which were tender and tasty.All in all I left quite happy and would be glad to return.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,9/30/2013,96,157,5,7,6>Located in the back of Cha time bubble tea, it's a small "stall" located amongst two other eateries. The "food court" is very hot -- my friend and I could not stay after ordering our chicken & bubble tea because there is no air conditioning - but the chicken was worth itFreshly made upon ordering, the chicken bits are crispy on the outside while remaining juicy on the inside. I tried the curry while my friend got the salt&pepper (I plan on trying the plum next time I go here). The salt&pepper was nothing special, but the curry was pretty darn good. They give you a lot of popcorn chicken (they cut them in half) for the cheap price (I believe it was around $3 dollars). My friend and I were pretty full after devouring one each. Will definitely be returning -- but not when its excruciatingly hot outside.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,9/29/2013,188,156,7,8,8>This review is for the Fruit Tarts Only!   I've ordered Fruit tarts from quite a few bakeries but Lulu's has got to be the best. The care that they put into the presentation of the beautiful tarts is just above and beyond. Everyone that tried this dessert was impressed.The variety of fruit is great compared to any other tarts i've tried, blackberries, plums, raspberries, kiwi, pineapple, grapes, strawberries, oranges and blueberries! My favorite part is also that they cover the crust of the tart in dark chocolate, so unique! ALSO, no crumbling when you cut into this baby. I can't wait to come and try some of their other treats! I feel like LuLu's will be rated among my top picks of bakeries in Queens.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/28/2013,127,319,5,9,7>This is probably the best Chinese car service I have ever taken. I've used it getting to and from airports, after-hours car service for work, and for personal uses. The prices are super cheap compared to other companies. Recently, I took it from Brooklyn to Queens for $36. A cab would usually cost at least $50. Other car companies turned me down because there's better business within the manhattan area, but New Golden House has several cars lined up. I usually only wait no more than 15 minutes for a ride. I spoke to them in Cantonese and they assigned me with a Cantonese driver too.  My mandarin speaking friends usually get mandarin speaking drivers too. It may be a coincident but I think otherwise as I've taken this car service several times. They really try to cater to you.I've also used Yes Car Service, Korean and Chinatown Car Services, Carmel (American option), and yellow taxi cabs, but nothing topped New Golden House's service! Most of the car service companies have an issues traveling within the boroughs and give nasty attitudes, but not New Golden House.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/27/2013,76,31,12,20,10>As someone who lives around the corner, I've been waiting for CityRib to open for some time now. I had hyped it up to my friends, and myself, for the 1+ year that the "Coming Soon" poster went up. A lot could have gone wrong with so much built up anticipation.I'm happy to say that biases aside, I was very pleased with the outcome. In only three weeks, I've eaten there four times, giving me a pretty well-rounded perspective on the quality of service and food.Service-wise, everyone is very friendly and hospitable. From the hostesses and bar staff, to the servers and bus boys, even down to the management company staff, everyone who I came in touch with was very nice and did what they could to make the experience enjoyable. Even though it's classier than the local competition, everyone was still very down to earth. It's still Jamaica, Queens after all.In every instance the food came to the table expeditiously, as well as the drinks.Let's start with the drinks, which were developed with the oversight of one of the bartenders over at Bathtub Gin in Chelsea. A mixology bar I'm quite familiar with. The craftsmanship -- while not as treasured for me as those made at Sasha Petraske's bars -- blows the doors off of anything else you're going to find in the neighborhood. I wouldn't call myself a true connoisseur, but I'd say I appreciate the complexities a well-made beverage more than the average person; and CityRib delivers on this. The Stone Street Mule and Rufus King Cocktails are go-to favorites for me. Here's to hoping they add something akin to a Scotch or Bourbon Buck to the menu.In terms of food, I'll make it simple: Delicious. I've had a lot of barbecue here in New York, and down in BBQ-heavy locales like Virginia and Texas. I would count CityRib, for my taste, among the best. Sometimes it can be a hit or quasi-miss, however, depending on what you order. I've had the brisket, pork ribs, pork shoulder, and chicken; the pork shoulder being my favorite. The ribs are also delectable. Not fall off the bone good, but it's foolish to say all barbecue should be prepared that way. That said, the brisket can be a gamble depending on how you like it. The first time I had it, it was so soft and tender I nearly died. The second time, however, it was a bit on the tougher side. As it turned out, if you want the more tender center cut, you need to specify. Otherwise, you could end up with the chewier, but still good, ends. Some don't like rarer meat, however. So, it's more so a preference play.The BBQ chicken is good. But that's kind of hard to screw up. So, don't expect your mind to be blown.In terms of sides, I've tried the sweet potato fries, collard greens, and mac & cheese. Do yourself a favor and just get the mac & cheese. As far as I'm concerned, there's a old fat black woman -- who affectionately goes by "big momma" -- in the back cooking up pans of these delicious morsels.Jamaica has needed this for such a long time. There are plenty of people who live in the area and have longed for something better than Applebee's. We aren't satisfied with the Wendy's and McDonald's of the world, and openly welcome new restaurants looking to shake things up Downtown. CityRib will be getting my business on a regular basis.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,9/26/2013,39,146,6,7,7>Finding a compromise between me and the beau is very hard. I don't eat meat, he doesn't eat seafood. I don't like potatoes, he doesn't like rice. Can't we all just get along??? Well I thought a steak/seafood place would be the best halfway point for one of our date nights. The place looks pretty fancy out and we very much appreciated the valet parking since finding a spot over there is MURDER. Anyways scouting the menu I soon realize this is much more a place to cater to the seafood lovers. Our waiter was prompt but he just seemed kinda down. Not friendly but not rude but just kinda there. I ordered the fish tacos, clam chowder and shrimp stuffed with crab meat, side of rice please. Boyfriend got the NY strip and potatoes. Fish tacos were delicious, with a wonderful side of guac, sour cream, and slaw. Clam chowder was alright, nothing spectacular. The shrimp and crab meat on the other hand was superb! The beurre blanc sauce on the shrimp was delicious, and the entree came with some mixed veggies wrapped in sliced plantains, which were also very tasty. My boyfriend said his steak was very tender and was good (not great), but he did devour his broccoli in garlic and oil. We finished the meal with a piece of chocolate cake and banana cream pie. We could have done without dessert. Banana cream pie had a very mild flavor and tasted more like cream than anything else. The bill came out to about $120 which wasn't bad for the type of fancy schmancy vibe this place had going. Hopefully I can drag him back here so I try the rest of the seafood menu. Hopefully.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,9/25/2013,42,92,6,8,7>Lately, I've been on the hunt for the best Thai food in Queens. Zabb Elee was my first stop and with sheer luck, they are open until 3am! Awesome.It's a relatively small restaurant in the heart of Jackson Heights. Parking wasn't an issue at 11PM but I can only imagine how it would've been if we had gotten there earlier. Here are the things we ordered: Servings were very generousThai Iced Tea - 4/5 A bit too sweet for my taste but I find that this is standard. Nevertheless, very good.Lychee - 5/5 So good! I would get this next time instead of Thai Iced Tea.Green Papaya salad with dried shrimp - 4/5 Loved it! Perfect balance of citrus and saltiness. They do ask you beforehand how spicy you like it. We said mild and it was still pretty hot! Thank goodness for Thai iced tea to diffuse all the heat. Phad Thai - 4/5 Best one I've had in a while. It is not too sweet and I like that they put toppings on the side so you can choose which ones to mix. It also doesn't have that bright orange color so no artificial color (great in my book)Pork Loin over rice - I can't comment on this since I gave up pork for lent. Mr. S did like a lot as he finished his plate!Taro in coconut milk (Hot) - 4/5 I happen to love taro so I thought this was good. I would've liked the taro to be more tender as I had a hard time cutting through it with a spoon. Overall I would go back here again especially when those late-night cravings hit me. I love that they open late and very affordable. Service was fast and very friendly. They didn't try to rush us by waiting for us to ask for the bill (unlike others)
