<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/29/2014,20,305,,8,4>If coffee is culinary experience for you and not just a stimulant delivery method, you should make a special trip to Lineage and celebrate that Orlando finally has a local roaster of this quality.Lineage Coffee gets five stars as a boutique, craft coffee roaster and local consumer educator that is obviously passionate about what it is doing.Let me start this review by clearly stating what Lineage is not. It is not Starbucks. It is not Dunkin Donuts. It is not a quick fix for milk and sugar laden coffee, slightly better than Folgers, as you rush to some other destination.For that matter, Lineage in its present form is not a fine espresso caffe combined with custom roaster in the mold of Chicago's Intelligentsia. It is not focused on multi-origin, blended espresso roasts, where beans are sourced throughout the year to maintain a relatively consistent flavor profile in a blended roast. It does not even have an espresso machine behind the counter at present.So why five stars? Because what Lineage does, it is doing exactly right, and it will only get better the longer this business is around and supported.Lineage is a craft roaster of mostly seasonal, fresh, single-origin coffees. They are the first roaster in Orlando that I have ever found that understands that coffee, like a fine wine, is about terroir and subtleties of the flavors of the fruit. It understands that there is a science to roasting, that when combined with a passion for the bean, results in something far more subtle and beautiful than an oversized jumbo soy milk latte with pumpkin flavored sugar water added to balance its bold but burnt beans.If you want to sample Lineage's coffees, they will give you a tour of the limited but well-selected and perfectly roasted single-origin coffees with an earnest smile that shows they are there because they believe in what they're doing and have something to share with Orlando. As I mentioned earlier, they are not currently set up for espresso. They do, however, brew with French Press, Chemex, and Pour-Over methods, fresh to order. These methods are not quick, but they highlight the flavors of the beans. Kudos to them for choosing the best tasting methods over higher throughput, higher output, higher profit methods. Will I wait a bit longer for great coffee instead of good coffee? Absolutely.I had a Rwandan brewed as a pour-over, and also tried a Brazilian that they did with a Chemex on my first visit. Both were excellent. My wife, who typically adds at least a little milk to her coffee to balance out any bitter overtones, commented on how well balanced the Rwandan was with nothing added. The mark of a good roaster is bringing out the unique subtleties of a bean without brining out its off flavors, and Lineage nailed it.I've been getting my home espresso roast by mail from Ecco Caffe (before they closed), Intelligentsia, and Counter Culture for years. With some mild apprehension, I picked up a bag of Lineage's fresh Modern American Espresso Roast to try at home with my Rancilio Silvia/Mazzer Mini combo. Currently, the Modern American Espresso Roast features Columbian beans, with a light medium roast.By the third shot, I had the grind dialed in just right. Nice crema, with some dark lacing. You can smell the fruit in the aroma. The mouthfeel was not quite as thick as what I typically pull, but was substantial enough. Flavors were smooth, mild, with a natural sweetness, good acidity, and pleasantly bright fruit notes. Simple. Elegant. Not an overly complicated flavor profile, but one that hit all the right notes with none of the wrong ones.I will be shifting getting the majority of my beans to Lineage instead of from Intelligentsia or Counter Culture, who are more established and do a fantastic job in their own right. The reason? While Lineage takes a slightly different approach, they do it extremely well, and they will only get better over the years. I'd highly recommend that local restaurants who are serious about serving coffee with the same careful selection guidelines that they would their fine wine and craft beer menus should also give them a try.Orlando needs Lineage. Now if they could just get a bigger serving area and a La Marzocco running...
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/28/2014,82,327,5,8,7>If you remember watching "The Parent Trap" as a kid and thinking that's the kind of camp you want to go to, then Mah-Kah-Wee is for you. It is a rustic, outdoorsy camp, no cell phones allowed here!Camp Mah-Kah-Wee is a Girl Scout camp. They offer programs throughout they year for girls and have overnight camps during the summer. I have been to Mah-Kah-Wee many times over the years with my daughters, and I really appreciate that we have a facility like this so close to home. The camp surrounds a lake so there are many water activities like canoeing and kayaking available during the summer. There is also a swimming pool. They offer all of the standard camp activities like archery and crafts and they also have an obstacle course. My kids love this place. During the summer the week-long camps are themed so you can find something to match your child's interests.As for the facilities, the best place to stay is in the cabins. They have air conditioning! In Florida you NEED air conditioning in the summer. I've also chaperoned overnights in the tents, which aren't so bad, and a building they call the Eco Center, which is a bit more like a enclosed porch... no AC there. Overall, it's a great place. I highly recommend it. The prices for overnight camp are very good and the kids have a great time.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/27/2014,8,79,1,7,6>Wow! I am feeling hopeful about dining in downtown Orlando.  With our out of town visitors in tow, we wandered in to Artisans Table after visiting the City Arts Factory.  It was last Saturday, so there were actual pedestrians on Orange Ave due to the NCAA tournament.First, the physical space is lovely.  Lots of natural light. Comfortable seating.  Lots of glass.  The bar area was inviting, and the display of tasty looking brownies was tempting.  We opted for the dining room.The hamburger was the winner at our table of 5. I think it was the bacon marmalade that put it over the top.  It was juicy, cooked perfectly and served on a tasty roll with a pickle relish that must have been house made.Our table also had the fried chicken (moist), the grilled cheese, and the lobster sandwich. All were excellent and we all cleaned our plates.Prices were very good.  I'm going out on a limb, but I thought the food was as creative and as well executed as Cask and Larder and at a much lower price point.I do wonder how they will manage such long hours and large menu.  I hope for the best.  Our servers were not 100% polished, but I felt like they were learning and doing a good job by being very attentive.One thing of interest.  They use dish cloths as napkins.  I thought that was clever, until I realized that I had white threads all over my black pants!  Perhaps they will change that up.Go out an give this place a try! Open 7 days a week!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/26/2014,197,231,4,10,5>As you know, I LOVE me some barre classes. I got the new client special - which is $69 for the unlimited monthly classes. Well first attempt here was an adventure. I almost threw up about halfway through the class and had to leave. #embarrassing. I guess taking 2 months off of working out was not the best idea. The staff was really nice. They gave me some apple juice and chocolate to get my blood sugar back up.In comparing the three Barre studios in Winter Park. The Bar Method is more on par with barre 54. They have the carpeted workout room. What's nice though is there are two rooms. So they can run two classes as once. They also have a shower if you need it.  Interestingly, they do not have Sunday classes. Though there is a Bar Method studio in Dr. Phillips, you can't use your classes interchangeably between the studios. If you get the full membership you get up to 4 classes each month that you can use in Dr. P. but that's it.Despite only making it through half the class. I'm really sore today. My triceps and hamstrings mostly. Goal for next class: Make it through the whole thing!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/25/2014,77,335,2,6,5>I adopted a pup from a rescue and had to board her, at eight weeks, for a few days when I left town.  I HATED to do this but after carefully researching I called Underhill and established her as a new patient and then left her for boarding.  She seemed fine when I picked up (although a little bigger--she grew in three days!).  I came back for a follow up appointment with Dr. Kang who remembered my pup and told me she had a lot of attention while I was away, being so cute and tiny.  That made me happy to know.  Dr. Kang was awesome with her and genuinely cared about her, putting me at ease.  I have left my pup here for boarding a few times she I have always felt confident she was in good hands and well taken care of.  The only reason I didn't bring her in for a spay was because they SPCA in Orlando was half the cost.  For most everything else I will still continue to come here where the staff and friendly, helpful, and compassionate.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,4/24/2014,110,189,5,7,6>Whenever I go jogging in the area, I always try to cut through Mead Gardens. It's somewhat hidden, but there is an entrance to a scenic nature trail from the east side on Pennsylvania Ave, that connects to right behind the pavilion at the center of the park. On Pennsylvania Ave, you'll find a fence with a gate you can enter. The trail is very short. It goes over and along a brook, and over a small wooden bridge. You can find people taking pictures or just enjoying a stroll. Beware after a rain though, because it does flood and get muddy. I like to swing from tree to tree when this happens.From the south side, there is another entrance on Nottingham St where it meets Lake Shore Dr. This entrance is a paved path. I use both for jogging and biking, which takes you to the main northern part of Mead Gardens. This, together with the nature trail, is a good shortcut to get from one side of the park to the other, otherwise you have to circle around a bunch of dead end streets.The park has open bathrooms, a water fountain, picnic benches, and a pavilion, where weddings occur. Plus lots and lots of shade (I wish all of Florida could be like this).I've also attended running events here, such as Track Shack's Watermelon run (which moved to Park Ave in recent years), and Fiddler Green's Fiddler 5k.I'd say the main thing it's missing is a nice play ground for kids, but at the same time, there is one just north of the park.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/23/2014,66,231,2,6,4>Track Shack is an interesting experience.  I'm so used to the traditional method of determining which brand/style/color I'm looking for and then selecting a shoe that fits well enough to wear.  Track Shack turns that ideology upside down.  When you enter the store, you can expect to be promptly greeted by someone who is going to ask you a lot more than "wanna try something on?"  Get ready to roll up your pant leg and run around the store in the shoes they determine are best fit for you.I may have made a bit of a sacrifice on the look that I would generally go for, but I left the store with one very well fitting and feeling shoe.  In the long run, I think its the best move.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,4/22/2014,88,42,1,12,8>The struggle to find adequate healthcare in this country is something that many Americans, including myself, struggle with on an almost daily basis. I've always had an interest in Eastern Medicine, but have started to blend it more actively into my healthcare regime. Enter FCIM, a local college that molds the minds of eager, young (and some not so young) acupuncture students into what I'm sure they hope are successful practitioners. They offer a clinic where students in their last year can get hands on training on willing human victims, er patients. If you're willing to be a human pincushion, you pay an extremely discounted rate of $35 a session.I gave it a shot, having had an extremely positive response to acupuncture for migraines back in 2009. My pracitioner on my initial visit was actually a gentleman who spent 20 years at Mayo in Jacksonville as a research biologist for degenerative diseases and decided to swap careers to Eastern Med. He was incredibly thorough, and spent the first hour of my appointment asking detailed questions about my condition, symptoms and doing a non-traditional physical exam which included reading the pulse of my organs by placing six fingers on my wrists. The actual session lasted about 25 minutes, not including time spent dressing and flipping from my front side to back. You wear a hospital gown for modesty and there's heat lamps so you don't chill. (Try to find that in your family doctor's office!) Over the weekend I saw great improvement in my joint pain and energy levels and was actually able to make it to a pig roast that I thought my aches would keep me from!I went back for a second session after the weekend and saw a different gentleman, who was very thorough as well in his consult. He went over the notes from my first session, asked me what improved, what I would like to see improved in this session, etc. The actual treatment was longer than normal, about an hour (the whole appointment is only supposed to be an hour total), because he got caught up, but I enjoyed the extra time to relax. I had come in that day with limited range of motion in my neck and by the end of the appointment was at almost 100%. I was sent home that day with two bottles of tea pills and was recommended to come at least once a week for 20 weeks. They suggested twice a week if my budget allowed. They seemed very focused on the treatment and making it work for me and not about selling me on supplements and excessive treatments to try and get more money. Which makes perfect sense given they are an educational facility first. I highly recommend FCIM if you are looking to try acupuncture for the first time, or have tried it before and are on a budget. You may end up really liking a provider you keep seeing after graduation.***The only reason I did not give them five stars is I will come back and do a follow up after I have received more treatments.***
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/21/2014,81,282,1,6,4>I must start by saying that I am not a Vegan or vegetarian. However, I heard this place was good, and I noticed they do have some gluten-free options. Being allergic to wheat, I'm always interested in finding good gluten-free options! I ordered the GF coconut curry wrap. It was served with your choice of tortilla chips & salsa, fruit, etc. I opted for chips & salsa which I was very happy with. Loved the salsa!  The wrap was absolutely scrumptious. It had tofu, walnuts, and raisins, mixed with that awesome curry flavor.In addition to the excellent food, they had inexpensive craft beer in tap. They even have happy hour M - F from 4-7 which includes 10 wings for $6.95 and $12 pitchers of Cigar City or some of the other craft beers on tap.  Sweet deal!All in all, I was impressed by the flavors and options for all types of different diets, allergies, and palates. The portions were large for the price, and you know every place gets bonus points for good craft beer!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,4/20/2014,197,592,4,9,6>It's quite a trek for me to get out to Sapporo Ramen, but the drive is worth it.  It's a small, simple restaurant with a minimal menu (rendered even smaller on the day we arrived by the fact that they were unable to make any of their curry-based dishes).  Since it was my first trip, I decided to start from the top, ordering the first thing on the menu: the Shoyu Ramen.  For reasons that escape me, I decided at the last second to substitute chicken for the pork (you also have the option to double up on pork, or add chicken to the pork, both for a small extra fee).  I'm not sure why I did this, but I was intrigued by the description of the chicken. I didn't regret that decision one bit.  It was delicious. The broth was flavorful, and the noodles were soft and slightly springy.We also ordered the takoyaki, and those were fantastic! Crisp on the outside, thick and gooey on the inside, with a generous amount of springy octopus bits in the center, and then drizzled with a light sauce.  It's just about every kind of textural experience rolled up into one spectacular little ball. And there's four of them! Drinks are sold by the can or bottle, and water is offered from a pitcher at the condiment counter.  There was one woman tending the register as well as coming out occasionally to deliver food or clean up a table.  She had a warm and friendly demeanor, and we were well tended to even though she was wearing multiple hats.This is sure to be the first of many visits.  Many visits filled with octopus balls.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/2/2011,108,688,,8,9>Formerly The Beacon, Sonoma Draught House has what it takes to be a mainstay in Thornton Park.  Though it has only been open a few days, I was happy to see it was jam-packed on a Friday night.  The inside resembles a modern lodge and strikes a nice balance between trendy and welcoming.  We were there for libations only but the food that whizzed by seemed solid and enticing.  They serve mostly salads, sandwiches and pizzas but taken to the next level.  As the name implies, they are a draught house which means their beer list is extensive.  They definitely have something for everyone and if cerveza is not your style, they have spirits that will do the trick.  The staff was friendly and on top of things despite the burgeoning crowd.  They are open for lunch but only on Saturdays and Sundays.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,10/1/2011,74,56,10,24,15>With my love for Latin food, I was happy to see a new mom and pop open up in the Union Park area!I drive to work every morning from Downtown to East Orlando.. when one day I noticed a sign on the old Captain D's building that read, "Coming Soon:  La Casa De Las Paellas".  It's long overdue for me to dig into some authentic Paella.  Not from fancy Winter Park establishments like Mi Tomatina, or El Bodegon.  But from a no frills homegrown restaurant in the heart of such a diverse Latin section of East Orlando.  Food cooked with love.So within a week of their grand opening I convinced 3 of my coworkers to give them a try.  Two of us decided to go with their Paella Marinara.  We're talkin' savory saffron rice, clams, mussels, shrimp, peas, red peppers, and (my favorite) delicious pieces of marinated cod fish.  Two others also ordered a Steak Sandwich and Chicken in Creole sauce from a separate "$5.99Lunch Specials" menu.As I walked into the restaurant and waited for our order, I passed the time by snapping photos within.  I could tell they took advantage of the previous Captain D's seafood decor which fit in perfectly with their sea faring menu.  A smorgasbord of impressive dishes representing mainly Spanish (Espana), Puerto Rican, and Dominican flavors.  Their comprehensive menu could easily be compared against the best seafood offerings in greater Orlando and the city proper. Dishes like Lobster in Creole sauce, Romana Salmon, whole fried Red Snapper in Garlic Sauce, Shrimp a la Diabla, Chicken Ville Roy, London Broil 1lb Steak, 15 variations of stuffed Mofongo.  These being the highlights of their list of 9 appetizers, 7 Lobster entrees, 4 Lobster Salads, 7 Fish Fillet entrees, 7 Salmon entrees, 6 Snapper entrees, 7 Salmon entrees, 15 chicken offerings, 7 beef steak entrees, 8 seafood salads and 4 cuts of 1lb steak.  Whew, that's a lot. I'm usually the first to speak out against extensive menus that seem exhausting, but this menu is the exception. Everything looks and sounds absolutely delicious.  The courteous owner at the counter explains that her restaurant is Dominican owned with a Spanish chef in the back.  We're not talking the generic term for Latin ethnicity.  We're talking a straight up Spaniard.  So it's reassuring to know a Spanish chef is preparing your Spanish Paella in the back.  She hands me a heavy tray of Paella that's exuding such a mouth watering scent and tells me it can feed 4 handily.  I take the Paella, Steak Sandwich and Creole Chicken back to the office and uncover the tray.  What seemed like a small group of 6-7 coworkers gathered 'round, and were mystified by the sight and aromas coming from the glorious Paella.  Like a pack of salivating wolves ready to pounce, "What's that!? It smells great!  Where did you get that from!?"  I was tempted to start throwing elbows to guard my lunch.  After all, they didn't chip in for the Paella, so they better back off!  I'm certain they secretly regret declining lunch with us after I offered them the chance to order Paella earlier in the day. Suckas!So the 4 of us who actually ordered, dug in.  The one who ordered the Steak Sandwich opened it up and said with confusion "it's BIIIG."  While the other coworker dove into her Creole Chicken and exclaimed it was "verrry delicious".  I can attest to this because the Creole sauce they make at La Casa De Las Paellas is the same kind of Creole sauce that the Pinones En Orlando food truck (1 mile down the road) smothers their mofongo in.  Savory, indulgent and mouth watering.  One whiff of the stuff and you want to bathe in it.As for the Paella?  Simply fantastic.  Myself and my 1 other cohort were the only ones who chipped in on the Paella, so we had 4 servings all to ourselves.  So incredibly delicious!  I was tempted to get greedy and eat the whole damn tray!  I tried to eat with composure, but I so wanted to just scoop handfuls into my mouth.  The flavors were truly the most unique I've had in a while.  The clams and mussels were steamed perfectly. Plump shrimp to boot.  The icing on the cake?  Pieces of cod fish peppered throughout the bed of saffron rice.  As much as I wanted to inhale it all, I disciplined myself to save a serving for a late night snack. You can expect to pay $34.95 for a bountiful amount of flavorful Paella. Which seems like a large chunk of change.  But to me, it was worth it.  It's also $10.00 cheaper than the Winter Park Paella restaurants.So if you work or live in the area or just so happen to be in East Orlando, take a step into their humble establishment for lunch or for dinner and support a humble mom and pop. They have a $5.99 lunch menu if you're on the go, or stay a while to indulge in their kaleidoscopic seafood menu.  You're bound to find something intriguing.  If you're pressed for time and ordering Paella, remember to call ahead. It will take 30 mins to prepare!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,9/30/2011,108,251,5,7,8>I love cheese. That said, I don't consider myself particularly knowledgeable or snobbish about it. If I pick randomly when ordering a cheese and charcuterie plate, chances are, I am going to like it. l could paraphrase that Calvin Harris song:I like hard cheeseI like soft cheeseI like stinky cheeseI like nutty cheeseI like bleu cheeseI like raw milk cheeseI like all the cheese, I like all the cheese...Some of my best cheese experiences (Johnny V in Fort Lauderdale, Bluehour in Portland), though, have definitely been curated by a staff knowledgeable in the art of the curd, so when a LivingSocial coupon for The Cheese Shop on Park landed in my inbox, I bought immediately - and this weekend I headed out to Park Av to get my fromage on. The Cheese Shop on Park is located toward the north end of the Park Av strip, just down from Panera/across from Circa. The shop itself is adorable. In the front, there are a few tables and a menu if you choose to enjoy cheese and wine there, and in addition to the cheese case, the retail section also offers a wine nook and some artisanal food products (hooray - wasabi mustard!!) The space was quite busy this weekend, so I occupied myself reading the cheese descriptions and drooling over some of the other goodies. When it was time to pick out my cheese, I learned the owners are a husband and wife team, and they are super friendly and knowledgeable. If you're not familiar with something, they will happily let you taste anything that sounds intriguing. I bought two cheeses I was very familiar with - Drunken Goat and manchego - and after a couple of tastings discovered Ossau-Iraty, a raw sheeps' milk cheese with a slightly nutty flavor. They will also happily suggest pairings for your cheeses (I asked about wine, and someone else was asking about crackers while I was there). Pricing is on par with what you might pay for items from the 'good' cheese cases at Pubilx/Whole Foods, if not lower, so I'd say it's absolutely fair. They mentioned they regularly have tasting events so I signed up for their newsletter as I think I might learn something here :)
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,9/29/2011,47,47,7,7,7>When I grow tired of swilling mass roasted coffee and actually am not running late in the mornings, I swing by this place. The extra wait in line or time it takes to get a coffee is worth it. Not that I usually get coffee here, but that is only because when I go, I get the Chai latte. It's homemade from scratch for God's sake!! And it tastes just simply divine. You get a lot of choices for "dairy" additive to your drink, with almond, hemp, coconut and regular milk. The food is a large variety of organic, vegetarian and vegan, but don't worry they have meat too for us carnivores. The sweets and cookies are all very tasty, and worth grabbing one to go with your skinny short soy extra foam whatever you normally drink. (Don't worry, they can make that too) If you have a few minutes, sit and grab a bowl of any of their amazingly good soups. In a world of places that try to cut costs by charging you for wi-fi, they keep it free here, which makes it perfect to come here and study or read. Although it can get a little noisy when the local intelligentsia come to debate. Honestly, that's part of the fun though.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,9/28/2011,131,243,9,8,5>WARNING: this review contains suspicions of conspiracy.Why else, would I be unable to check-in here every time I come here?  The Yelp site on my phone would show restaurants as far as 6 miles from here, but no Bayridge.  How can that be?And what could possibly explain that I have 0 review of this restaurant, arguably one I've frequented the most in my 9 years living here? SURELY, I've not only written a review, but at least one update.  I vividly remember talking about the food, the portion, the decor, the service, or is that just the sake talking?  I thought at first that maybe the "algorithm" filtered me out, but no, there's nothing there either.  Very strange.Alright, before I look down at my palms to see ANTS CRAWLING OUT OF IT, I better write this my "first" review of Bayridge.  We've been here numerous times, lunch and dinner, taken friends here, food with drinks, food with tea.  We've had everything from the sushi boat to the bento box.  Net-net, Bayridge was not a spot that had our respect our first visit years ago, but it has improved a great deal since .  Back then, they were on the grungy side, with couldn't-care-less service, so-so food, and decor that evokes yawns from diners.  Pretty much everything has changed since then.  Service could still be spotty, though, like our waitress today always forgetting to top up our tea.  She doesn't seem to understand that if it is only topped up when it's down to nothing, it'll be too hot to drink.  Sometimes service can be attentive: we like especially being served by Andy.  The decor has changed to a more intimate, classy style as well.  The latest addition is patio seating, which either I hadn't noticed before, or it's new.I was just at Bayridge this afternoon with my son before he goes back to Atlanta, taking advantage of their lunch specials.  In a customer-friendly way, the weekday lunch specials are available on Saturdays. It's business-friendly too, apparently, as they were still semi-hopping after 2 p.m.  Prices range of the lunch special is from $7+ up.  The 2 rolls of choice, for instance is $7.25, while 3 rolls or the 12 pce sashimi + california lunch are each $9.25 - all with soup and salad.  If cooked food is more to your liking, the bento box featuring everything from chicken to salmon ($7.25 and up) are a good choice.  I myself had the snapper box a few weeks ago ($7.95 - for SNAPPER!), and ended up taking food home.  Be "warned" though - as I recall, the snapper had skin on it, which I believe is the only way to eat fish, but if that's not your cuppa, avoid.  Today, I had the salmon skin roll (Yum-sy!!) and the hamachi - the latter, as rolls are wont to, hid a bit too little fish behind too much rice, but otherwise I have no complaint, even if my son said a couple of hours later that he should have gone for the "tres".In the mean time, I need to find out how I can check in at this place, and what happened to my previous reviews.  A little help, please, Jeremy?
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,9/27/2011,209,153,5,5,12>BBB ='s a good man with a solid food cart! I'm going to go less "review" style and more "open letter" style. Bruno,So ages ago, someone tweeted to me that I should check you out. I tweeted back and asked if you were a food truck. You replied and said no, but you were trying to work your way up. You seemed genuine, humble, and I was like "Yelp! Get behind this guy!"  I think I even tweeted you and YelpOrlando at the same time, because I'm into twitter-networking like that.But weeks went by and I didn't get to try your food. I follow you on Twitter and am aware of where you're at, but I just didn't have the time.  But finally, finally, I got to go to Redlight Redlight with my girlfrends Lauren and Kelly. The bar was so packed we pretty much walked in and right over to your cart. We got some beers, you made us some dogs, and then you made us six fried oreos. In fact, you made us wait because you wanted to have enough batter so that they would be really great. And they were.So thank you for the excellent food, the great service, and ensuring the quality of our fried oreos was top-notch. You're the best, and we'll be back!- Ali
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,9/26/2011,89,238,5,5,6>Pho. Is there a more perfect dish on earth? I think not. Soupy, crunchy, spicy, sweet...a mixture of textures and flavors that blend so perfectly that God himself must have created this dish.  But seeing as he is probably busy with other things, a good backup plan is to leave it to the folks at Pho 88. I always get the same thing because I know a good thing when I see it. I start with the grilled pork spring rolls. MMMM, then I get a bowl of the Pho with brisket. So tender and flavorful. I wish I could thank the cow it came from. Since I can't, I'll just devour every last bite.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,9/25/2011,67,162,2,5,4>We visited Delish New York Bakery last weekend to see just how much trouble we could get in with our Nutritionist.It is located in the Phillips Crossing shopping center on the corner of Sand Lake Road and Turkey Lake Blvd (at the beginning of Restaurant Row by Universal Orlando).  It shares a parking lot with Whole Foods and several other restaurants on shops, including Lime Fresh Mexican Grill, which I recently reviewed as well (yelp.com/biz/lime-fresh-…).Here's a little background on Delish provided by their website:"New York bakeries have offered iconic baked goods for generations. From the traditional, Italian Tricolore Cookie (a.k.a. "Rainbow Cookie") to the old world, Jewish Chocolate Babka, these bakeries have it all. In New York, the idea of opening yet another corner-store bakery might seem superfluous, but here in Orlando it's essential. Where can someone go in New York to find a Black and White Cookie? To any deli, bakery, grocery store, or even some gas stations. But where in Orlando, or more specifically Dr. Phillips, can you find that unique flavor that only comes from a Black and White done right? Nowhere, that's where."The website goes on to say:"While New York City tends to have ethnic pockets and bakeries aimed to suit those ethnicities, Long Island tends to be a "melting pot" of those ethnicities and thus the bakeries are aimed at a wider variety of people. Delish brings the diversity of New York bakeries to the community it serves."I'll be straightforward and admit that I have spent only a few weekends in New York, and I cannot be sure that I've spent any of that vacation time inside a deli or bakery.  As a result, I cannot truly compare my experience here with what would be a similar experience in the Big Apple.  But I certainly can speak honestly about what we saw and tasted.When we first walked into the bakery I was definitely impressed with everything on display.  The pastries, the cupcakes, the pies and cookies and everything else looked very appetizing. You'll need to check out the pictures I uploaded (yelp.com/biz_photos/q8Pq…).Delish also sells bagels, other baked goods, a full menu of sandwiches and salads, and if you're still hungry, they've even got premium ice cream and Italian ice.we weren't quite ready for a full meal, so we ordered two cupcakes and two bagels to go.The checkout process was good and bad.  First the good.  I was able to check-in to Delish on Yelp and open up a coupon, netting us 10 percent off our order.  Then the bad.  We asked for a red velvet cupcake and a chocolate coconut cupcake along with a pumpernickel bagel and an everything bagel.  But when we got home we discovered two everything bagels and no pumpernickel.  So, that was a disappointment.  But whatever, let's talk taste.I thought the cupcakes were quite delicious.  The cream cheese frosting on the red velvet cupcake was the highlight: soft, airy, just the right amount of creaminess in the flavor, and a perfect compliment to the red cake.  The chocolate coconut was very sweet but extremely good as well (my wife thought it was a bit too sweet).I'm not quite sure if I should comment on the bagels.  The selling point here seems to be that the bagels are "New York" bagels.  While I thought they tasted just fine, I don't know that I could discern any characteristics unique to them.  I've read that it is the texture and size that helps define these baked goods from others.  I have no complaints; I just don't quite get the originality.In all it was a fun visit.  They have a huge selection of items, the staff was quite friendly (I'll try to forget about the bagel mix-up), and our order was not a bad value coming to $6.30 with our 10 percent Yelp discount.  I definitely want to come back and try the sandwiches and perhaps a few other delicacies.  I recommend checking it out.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,9/24/2011,223,368,,16,4>This place is awesome. I live right up the road and I never thought to hop in and check it out. A friend took me there today and I was highly impressed. Leaves and Roots sells a variety of natural herbs, vitamins, and teas. They have everything - from more common things like spearmint, to rarer items like devil's claw. The place is extremely organized, with all of the loose herbs put into little baggies and contained in labeled jars that are stacked on shelves. You can buy most herbs in 1 oz. or 2 oz. bags. If you don't want the loose stuff, they also have caplets. If you want, you can even buy empty capsules and fill them with your own mix of herbs. The prices are also excellent... you will definitely get a deal if you buy herbs here instead of Whole Foods for example. The other side of the shop has an array of incense, oils, and other "goodies." I had fun just wandering around and seeing all the cool stuff. Plus, it smells heavenly in the store. Like incense and health. :) I was super excited to find a 16 oz. bottle of local wildflower honey (from right off of SR-520!) for $9.00. Great for allergies... The best thing about this store is the knowledgeable and friendly staff. They know their stuff and they will help you in any way that they can. They have a table up front with various books and references that you can use to find out what certain plants and herbs do. They even have a free copier that you can use (drop a buck in the donation bucket if you have one!). Basically, this place is a hidden local gem. If you're into natural health or you're just curious about being healthier... this is a great place to start!FYI - they take debit cards.  They also take credit if you're spending over $10.00.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,9/23/2011,90,295,3,6,3>I kept hearing about this place and finally was able to check it out couple weeks ago. I immediately became a fan of this little hang-out place, non-smoking which is a plus. GREAT CIDERS!! I'm a fan of ciders (since that's pretty much all I drink anyway), they have so many different ciders to try out! The male bartender with cute beard (I don't know his name..I need to find out next time) knows all the drinks and makes excellent cider recommendations! They also have different board games which I'm also a big fan of!! ONLY IF that place is a bit bigger then we'll be able to play Twister there. Wooho!!!Oh, also you can order food from The Social Chameleon next door which has excellent pizza!!!DRINK TO THE CIDERS!!!!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/9/2011,115,93,2,7,6>My review for Pizzeria Del-Dio comes naturally just like wonderful pizza comes naturally for the humble little pizzeria tucked neatly away into the corner of the shopping on Colonial near just east of Maguire.  On my first visit, I started off with a sampling of the garlic knots.  They were abundant, flavorful and drenched in delicious garlic butter.  The garlic knots were the right amount of crispy and doughty.  The accompanying marinara was sweet, tangy and warm.  Yum!  I then ordered an entire 16" cheese pizza for myself so that I could really test out the NYness of this pizza.  Sometimes, when you order slices, the reheating disrupts the cheese and crust.  Boy, was I glad I ordered that whole, steaming hot, cheesy deliciousness!  The gods started singing, the angels chimed in on their trumpets and the heavens opened....well, maybe that's just me being dramatic.  :-)Regardless, Pizzeria Del-Dio is one of the better pizzerias in the area.On a scale of 1-5, I rate the following:Crust: 4 ( I love the taste but I wanted it just a tad bit more floppy)How the cheese melts and taste: 5Sauce: 4.5Service: 5
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,7/8/2011,67,162,,7,5>Can't quite afford a trip to Disney's new vacation club resort in Hawaii?  Kona Dog will get you there for a lot less, and you can do it over your lunch break-or between visiting Wet 'n Wild and Magical Midway.Located just south of International Drive's Wet 'n Wild, and sharing a parking lot with Congo River Golf, Twisty Treat, and George and Dragon's British Pub, Kona Dog is a tiny building with a big surprise: Authentic Hawaiian-style hot dogs whose originality in flavor and presentation might just sweep you out to sea.So what exactly is Hawaiian-style?  Kona Dog serves up the meaty meal vertically, with a hog dog and fruity sauces put into the middle of a sweet Hawaiian bread.  Sound odd or unappealing?  It isn't.  It's beautiful.The bread itself is baked locally with all-natural ingredients.  Kona Dog then uses a special device that punctures a whole in the bread and toasts it from the inside.Your Kona Dog is brought together based on the type of dog you want (all beef, sausage, or veggie), your choice of "kona" sauces (the original garlic lemon, the spicy jalapeno,  or the hot chili pepper), your choice of fruit sauces (coconut, pineapple, mango, or banana), and finally your choice of mustards (pineapple, mango, spicy, or yellow).  Traditional hot dog fixings are also available.As this was my first experience with a Hawaiian-style hot dog, I just asked for the best thing on the menu.  I was served an all beef hot dog with the lemon garlic and mango sauces.Let me tell ya.  It was fantastic!  The sweetness of the bread, so light and crispy, mixed with the sweetness of the sauces and the savory juices of the hot dog, came together in a beautiful way (I told you it was beautiful).  Instead of confusing it, the fruitiness of the sauces enhances and magnifies the beefiness of each bite.  It is really something you have to experience for yourself.  Bottom line, I was extremely impressed with the combination of flavors and the overall presentation of the Hawaiian-style hot dog.A hot dog by itself is just over $5 with tax.  You might be thinking that price sounds high.  Just be aware that you are getting a BIG hot dog.  If you didn't notice from the pictures already, these hot dogs are a good sized meal.  These aren't the shrunken, tin foil-wrapped things you'd get at a baseball game or movie theater.  Furthermore, the ingredients are fresh and natural.I will absolutely be coming back.  Can't wait to try the spicy hot dog with banana sauce!  Please go, and please tell your friends to go too so we can support this original concept on I-Drive.You can currently get a coupon for a FREE DRINK with purchase of a Kona Dog and Chips on the Kona Dog Facebook page: facebook.com/orlandokona…
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,7/7/2011,223,368,4,9,7>How did I not know that this place existed until this week!  I feel like I've been missing out on something fabulous.  This place is adorable, comfy, and awesome.  There were a few things that I liked about it:1)  Cozy and friendly atmosphere.  The bartender was great - attentive and nice.  She gave me a sample of a beer I had never tried before to make sure that I'd like it before ordering.  The walls of this place are covered in really unique and interesting artwork by local artists.2)  No smoking!  You don't leave here smelling like an ash tray.3)  GREAT drink selection.  There's only beer and wine, but there is a massive selection.  The front page of the menu features their seasonal selections which made me very happy.  For fall, they have about 3 different pumpkin brews which rocks my world.  They also have unique beers, like the "milk stout" that I tried.  4)  Food - they don't make it there, but apparently they also own the Social Chameleon (a few doors down).  They have flat breads, pizzas and such.  They deliver it right to your table.5)  Good music playing in the background.  Not too loud, but good stuff.I am smitten with this place.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,7/6/2011,20,305,7,7,6>Insanely delicious, savory, melt-in-your mouth Southern Italian cuisine with layers of cheese and pancetta happiness and a nice family feel.Sorry, but I'm still stoked from the aftertaste of the incredible dinner that I just enjoyed at Stefano's.The biggest praise that I can give this restaurant comes from my parents, who were also there to eat with me.My mom can cook. In particular, she can cook Southern Italian food that is out of this world, Mario Batali eat your chubby heart out good.She does not like eating out at Italian restaurants because she knows that she can cook better at home, and she is right.So as she took her first bites of her eggplant, I waited in silence."This eggplant is incredible! I have never had eggplant this good out!"/internal sigh of relief/My wife had the Chicken Bolognese, which had a Marsala wine sauce on it. Incredible. We passed forks around, and it was unanimous.I had the Tortellini di Stefano. (Tortellini in a creamy meat sauce with pancetta, smothered in cheese and baked in an oven). Again the forks were passed. Again, unanimous.My dad had their sausage specialty. He said it was good, but he did not offer to share and none of us were brave enough to stick a fork his direction. He mentioned that their red sauce was excellent. That's huge. If the "gravy" is bad, it's all bad. This one passed.Our waitress, Alicia, was top-notch. She was friendly, prompt, gave excellent recommendations, and made us feel at home. As mentioned in other reviews, Stefano himself came by as well to meet his customers. This is so key to a memorable family-run restaurant, and it shows in the quality of the food and service.The salad was just okay, but I wasn't there for the salad.For dessert? "Leave the ________, take the cannoli." (Insert whatever dessert you were thinking about ordering into the blank).Their cannoli's are awesome! Crisp, fresh, flavorful shells filled with the perfect consistency creamy, cheesy sweet filling and chocolate chips. (The chocolate chips are important. If your cannoli has dried fruit in it, you can keep it.) These were a celebration of crisp, creamy perfection with sugar on top.My mom's final verdict: "This is THE BEST Italian restaurant that I have eaten in since moving to Florida (about 40 years ago)... When are we coming back? I don't have to do dishes tonight."If you are looking for a memorable, authentic meal, just go. Ask for recommendations, and trust their suggestions.If you are Stefano himself and are reading this, is there any chance you'd be interested in sub-letting a corner of your restaurant to me and my wife as an apartment? Really. I want to move in. Think it over, then get back with me. Grazie.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,7/5/2011,115,241,,7,4>I've been using Orlando Organics for about a year now and have had consistantly good produce from them. I love the fact that they deliver whatever is in season and try to use local farmers as much as possible.Since I never really know what will be heading my way the following week, it's actually introduced me to quite a few fruits/veggies that I would never have purchased otherwise.Home delivery of organic produce is such a great time saver for me and really helps me get those daily veggies!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,7/4/2011,631,1145,,5,5>Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a loud, vibrant restaurant that is perfect for a group because everything is appetizer sized and great for sharing. I love the concept and the atmosphere. Be warned that the restaurant is very LOUD so it's not the place for intimate conversation. Besides the loud music and local artists setting up shop you'll likely find some type of performer- the night we visited it was in the form of a Flamenco dancer. Food and service were just OK. In fact, I'd give service 2 stars and food 3 stars. When our server spoke it was very quiet and mumbly. Did I say this place was loud?!? We found ourselves having to constantly have him repeat himself- you would have thought he would have gotten the hint. He was also less than attentive and did a poor job of helping us navigate the menu. He would recommend things on the menu but I got the feeling he didn't think too highly of any of the food. They recommend two items per customer. We chose a variety: Calamari($9), Cajun Egg Rolls ($10), Carne Asada ($9), Crab Rangoon and Artichoke Dip ($9), Macadamia Crusted Mahi Skewers ($10), Bacon Wrapped Shrimp ($9), and Pot Stickers ($8) followed by dessert of chocolate brownie sundae and chocolate dipped cheesecake on a stick, both $7. What to get again: Calamari- the table favorite, it was cooked nicely with a good crunch and two slightly spicy dipping sauces. The Carne Asada had a nice flavor but it was small. What not to get again: The Crab Rangoon dip- just plain ick. No one at the table wanted to finish it. It was an oily mess. Both the shrimp and Mahi were overcooked and dry. The cheesecake dessert blew away the brownie sundae. No comparison. The cheesecake was coated in a hard chocolate shell that was rich and creamy. The brownie for the sundae was dry. DRINKS ARE WEAK. Not only is there little alcohol in the drinks but the glasses are filled to the top with ice. Stick with a carafe of red sangria or beer. So as you can see go for the fun and novelty but don't expect much from the food. If you get there before 7pm they have a sculptor who works specifically with kids. For a donation you can have you child create a cool piece of art in minutes. My three year old helped make a hammerhead shark- it was the highlight of his day!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/3/2011,108,70,4,6,3>I've enjoyed the chocolate from Peterbrooke for years, however I just recently tried their gelato.  Wow, was it wonderful.  I can't remember the exact name, but it was strawberry and chocolate.  It was so delicious that I could have eaten another bowl, but didn't want to embarrass myself for asking for seconds. :)
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,7/2/2011,48,313,5,17,15>Please note that this business is the same as Farm Fresh Produce ( yelp.com/biz/farm-fresh-… ). They use both names to broaden their clientele. Even if this store was across town, we would make the trip for it. But we don't have to - they've opened on the East side of town where we've been sorely lacking a market like this.Located right off the 408 so it's perfect for stopping on the way home from work, I expect this place to get a lot of business. In fact, while we were there, the staff/owners (it's a family owned place) were walking around helping people and asking for suggestions regarding other products we'd like them to carry. They said that while they had only been open for 4 days so far, they've seen great traffic. This is not like the other Asian markets in the Mills-50 Asian district. For one, my wife and I don't feel like we stand out just because we only speak English.  Second, the products are better labeled and there's much better produce. Third, pretty much no meat. What meat they have comes in pre-packaged frozen items like gyoza or pork buns. This is a produce market. The entire family is vegetarian. But what they lack in meat, they make up for in a wide range of tofu and gluten options. Blocks of tofu? Got them. Gluten-chicken drumsticks? Got them. Gluten steaks? Got them. Gluten ginger chicken? Gluten duck? Got those too. This place is like a vegetarian's dream.Of course, they also sell all the usual items at Asian markets - all the spices, teas, treats, ingredients, rice - they even sell big bags of MSG. Prices range from good (ie: comparable to Publix) to "Holy crap - what's wrong with it - that's way too cheap!".  Even the stuff that was priced similarly to Publix, the produce here looked better and fresher. The bananas were still green (no, I'm not confusing them with plantains - those were next to the bananas). We walked out with a cart full of produce, gluten items, rice and frozens snacks for only $35.In addition to all of the produce and packaged goods, they also have a little cafe with bubble tea, iced tea and various specials. Today's special was two spicy vegetarian-ham buns for $5 and free samples of the bubble tea. The buns were perfectly sized for snacking and tasted incredible. This is seriously pretty much everything I've ever wanted in an Asian market, and it's right next to home.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,7/1/2011,293,472,7,8,7>I walked through here the other day, it's a real treasure trove of Polish food. They serve some food here but it's more of a grocery store. They have all kinds of frozen perogies for you to take home and cook. They also have a deli case with a bunch of different kinds of kielbasa and sausages. When we came in the owner was all excited to show us the stuffed cabbage he had hot and ready for us to order and eat. They have a few tables so you can sit and enjoy the food.I did not fully explore the place so go check it out for yourself and push your culinary boundaries!"Smacznego" is Polish for "Bon Appetit"!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,6/30/2011,307,266,8,11,7>Sorry, Five Guys.  See ya, Fuddruckers.  There's a new burger in town, and if twisted is good, I want to entwine myself in the awesome.Their blend of brisket, short rib, and chopped-chuck is nothing short of miraculously delicious.  So much flavor, so not bland, and the twisted sauce is terrific.  I'm having a little love affair with their patties.The fries are great, not a soggy one in the bunch.  Service was quick and food was served hot.  Prices are more than reasonable.  They also have a Yelp check in offer!Yes, thank you sir, I *will* have another!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,7/5/2013,60,246,2,2,3>My husband, baby and I had lunch here on New Years Eve (day) after experiencing some weird/bad customer service at the Briarpatch down the street.  We need to find somewhere to eat fast as we were with another couple that had a hungry toddler.  We were able to sit down quickly in this huge cafe and quickly got a croissant for the toddler at the pastry case, and the rest of us ordered with the waitress various entrees.  I had the spinach quiche which was excellent, and my husband ordered some fantastic looking eggs benedict.  My friends ordered a very tasty looking pesto pressed sandwhich that came with some very french potato chips from this company called Lays (this had me laughing on the inside for some time).  Overall we had a nice experience, and I will definetly be back to try some of their entrees and something from their amazing pastry case.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/4/2013,151,94,,5,3>From the outside you would never expect such an intimate little place inside. Came here for my birthday dinner and was quite impressed. The service was excellent and food was very good. Has the empanadas as starter Tapas and they were yummy! Then ordered the Churrasco which was tasty and served with vegetables and potatoes (you can also get with rice). Sangria was delicious!! Definitely need to come back to this place to try their famous "Paella"!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/3/2013,113,259,1,9,4>The annual membership is the way to go here.  You will pay for it in just a few visits.  We have a family pass, and our 3 year old just loves this place.  Included in the pass, you get to park for free, free admission, discount admission on special events (like Star Wars), free movies, and discounted merchandise.  It is really awesome that they have rotating exhibits, which bring in new things every quarter or so.  Currently, the Clifford the Big Red Dog exhibit produced hours of fun for our son.  The big crowd pleaser for the young age group here seems to be the orange tree area.  Something about the whole process of pulling orange colored balls off the tree, putting them down the chute, and pedaling a tractor just seems to be endless entertainment.  We surely don't mind, as along with the fun, there are tons of teaching moments packed into these activities.  All this, and it is air conditioned too, which is great for the hot summer months.If you haven't been in a while, or have kids that are curious, you won't find a better place to go and spend quality time learning together.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,7/2/2013,469,289,,6,5>Imagine you really want to impress someone by cooking them dinner.A beau, spouse, coworker, boss, Old friends or family. Get to Petty's. They have everything you would ever want or need to make a special well put together dinner that makes you look like a 5 star chef.This is a small specialty store. I applaud the way they set up the aisles it works well in very close quarters when it is busy as it was today. I was very impressed with quite things here. 1. Experts on hand - A sommelier, a cheese monger, a owner with his merry band of meat experts. 2. The high quality and variety  of cuts of meat. I was foaming at the mouth. Tomahawk, Filet Mignon, NY Strip, Rib eye, every freaking sausage you can imagine, Knockwurst, Bratwurst, Veal, Lamb, hot dogs, Pork, and ah yeah it's just amazing. 3. High quality seafood and fish. 4. The amount of semi prepared and prepared foods. So image you want to impress someone with a home cook dinner but you don't have a lot of culinary experience. This is were you would go to get semi prepared and prepared foods. Bacon wrapped scallops, Pasta like ravioli, Stroganoff, marinated mushrooms and more. 5. Petty's special sauces and marinades. How cool is that?! They make their own.6. A dessert counter with lots of options that all look delicious7. Deli, Tapenade, pasta salad, and prepared deli lunch options. 8. A wonderful stock of quality items for one stop shopping. 9. Eat and Drink Samples. Beer on tap, cheese samples, meat samples, dip samples. If you have time try them because you never know what you might love. The Sommelier is there to help you pair a wine with your meal, and the cheese monger is there to help pair any cheese with a meal, or a cheese course of cheese plate. I just have one complaint. It's a drive for us. but its worth the drive so we don't mind too much. Also this is the first place I've seen escargot for sale I didn't ask about it but it look like they had it prepared, which would be great for me. Love escargot but have no experience in how to make it. Also we bought some Chorizo injected chicken wings. Yes Chorizo injected chicken wings. Petty's has found an interesting way to inject chorizo into a chicken wing. Can't wait to try them!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/1/2013,138,169,,8,3>On 2-19-13 I had to stop by the bank and just happen to see Pioneers.  Had not been in this area for a while so I had to check it out.  Walking in,  the decor is obviously Western themed.  There is a column in your face just as you enter, which they can't help that, but i think the location of the door could prevent it a tad.  its only going to be an issue if the place is busy, which it wasn't when i stopped in. Looking over the menu, everything sounded amazing, I really couldn't decide.  The girl behind the register was trying to help by naming off some popular burgers.  However, it just made me want to order more than one. ha.Finally, i made my decision.  I didn't want to go all out and yet wanted something with cheese.  So, I picked the "BRECKENRIDGE BURGER".  Which comes with battered onion rings, pepperjack cheese, and drizzled with a Breckenridge vanilla Porter glaze.  I had my order to go as i was running a bit behind.  I put the togo box in my car and by the time I got on the road my mouth was watering.  Opening the box  I was greeted with a small treat with my burger and fries.  A marshmallow that was 1/4 dipped in chocolate.  yessss!! I ordered my burger medium well and thats exactly what I got!!  I was shocked after my first bite, first from someone actually understanding what "medium well" is all about, and two, the glaze was ridiculously amazing.  It was sweet, bu the vanilla flavor kept it under control so it wasn't candy-like.  I couldn't get enough, seriously.  The caramelized were great, you could tell they weren't from a frozen bag, someone actually made these!  I was a little upset the slice of cheese wasn't larger.  I've read other reviews and I have no idea where someone compares the burger to anything resembling "thin".  This burger was large,  after cooked its easily over 1/4 lb.   Most places are going to claim 1/4lb but thats before the girll.After each mouth watering bite, the juices are everywhere.  I needed 3 napkins but well worth the mess.  Thats how I want my burger!  Big, juicy and flavorful!Not sure who makes the buns, but it was large fresh and airy.  Not your typically compressed stale bun that is soggy before you get to take a bite.  The fries were crispy goodness.  Nothing special, just good tasty fries that weren't greasy or soggy. I will be back, I need to try the other menu items.  hmmm...maybe I need to visit today!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/29/2013,89,238,5,8,7>It's been about a week since my first visit to Sister Honey's and I'm just coming down from my sugar high. I didn't even know this place existed until Colleen started a pie thread. After reading the reviews and craving pie for a week I decided to stop by and I'm glad I did! I got my wife the coconut cream pie and a slice of apple pie for myself....errr, AND a giant slice of hummingbird cake for both of us to share. My wife loved the coconut cream pie, especially the crust that had a layer of chocolate. Apple pie was wonderful too. The crust had such a nice flavor with a lingering taste of butter. mmmm. But the star was the hummingbird cake. It;s kind of like banana bread (with some pineapple) layered with cream cheese frosting. Holy moly! My head almost exploded. I shall return.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,6/28/2013,163,386,,9,6>Central Florida is slowly making its way into the craft brewery market. There are handfuls or so of places that brew their own beer here in the Orlando area. I've been to most and was ready to cross off the last two on my list; with one of them being The Hourglass Brewery.My husband and I headed up on a Saturday afternoon. We drove right by this unassuming brewery. The brewery looks like an old house. The inside bar area is small with just a handful of stools to belly up to the bar. While it's small inside there are a couple of areas outside where you can enjoy your beer and the lovely Florida weather.Since this was my first time visit I wanted to sample all of the Hourglass brews. They had seven of their beers on tap along with three guest beers. My two favorites among them were the +5:30 1st IPA and the Old Timer Smoke Raisin Ale. Along with the beers on tap you'll also find a nice selection of beers in the cooler.A few of our friends met us up at the brewery that afternoon. We enjoyed the relaxed setting on the patio. Sky, the brewer got us set up with some nice music. We sat there for a couple of hours chillin' listening to Django Reinhardt. There are a few games on the patio for your enjoyment as well.The Hourglass Brewery doesn't have food, but they are next to a couple of restaurants and they do have a binder full of menus from nearby restaurants. Friday nights is Food Truck Friday when the Brewery host a different local truck each week to serve up some eats for the patrons.I enjoyed my afternoon sipping on some beers and hanging with friends. I appreciate the laid back feel of the place, and the staff there is engaging and friendly too. Check the Brewery out on Facebook where you can see what's on tap and see what discounts they are offering for the day.It's nice to have more local brewing in the area. Cheers!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/27/2013,70,146,3,10,6>Driving out on 436 in the West Altamonte Springs/Apopka area...I turned to you, my fellow Yelpers, to see if you could recommend anywhere for me to eat as it was getting near lunch time.Boy ya'll did me right...Ya did me so right it's like you did me three lefts.Fish and Chips, a small little joint located in the Publix Plaza offa Semoran is a (new to me) dining option I will be enjoying many times in the foreseeable future.The nicest Fish and Chips (go figure) one could ask for, humongous fried shrimp, tasty hush puppies and meaty crab cakes are all reasons I give this place a big "Yezzir!"In the past, there were only two places I'd really enjoyed this prototypical English fare: EPCOT and Scruffy Murphy's in College Park. Both of these options are equally enjoyable, but they both have red flags next to them in my opinion.EPCOT is a long @ss drive away (and pretty expensive if you don't have a park pass) for some fried food and while Scruffy Murphy's is much closer with no entrance fee required, I hate that my taste buds need battle with the aroma of many lit cigarettes should I choose to dine 'al fresco.' (Note:Scruffy Murph's ain't even opened no mo so that's neither here nor there, end note)This place, This Fish and Chips...they be the savior. I vow that I will eat no more forever, miles out of the way or in dense patches of menthol infused smoke.From now on, I will go only to the namesake should I want that flaky fried goodness so many Londoners have turned to on a dreary English day.God save the Queen...and save me some tartar, love dat ish.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,6/26/2013,221,378,5,10,7>Holy Sweet Meat Bun Batman!(Batman was filmed in Chicago, so just go with me on this Chicago theme)This Beefstro isn't just a pretty name! It is a Chicago staple sandwich!  And I'm talking about the Italian Beef sandwich, made famous in beautifully cold Chi town.  They may not know how to make a World Series Championship baseball team(ignore the White sox), but they sure have mastered the art of shaved roast beef drizzled with au jus juicy juice sandwich.  I had one on Friday, tried to go back Sunday(closed), and now need to get one after work today. They are THAT GOOD.  Get em with the hot giardiniera(pickled veggies, nice spice) and it adds a crunch and delicious heat to the sandwich. I got it with the mozzarella, but I think cheese is really just an afterthought, totally unnecessary as the star of the show is the thin sliced meat, amazing juice, and let us not forget the crunchy french baguette that holds its form long after you fall in love with it. Wish I could say the same for the misses.  Hiii yooooo! ok. That was just in poor taste....But not this sandwich! The taste is always in high fashion and always respectable and delicious!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/25/2013,304,661,,9,4>Yuki Hana Japanese Fusion is located in the small plaza with the Dunkin' Donuts and Tijuana Flats at the intersection of Tuskawilla and Aloma on the Winter Park/Oviedo line. The restaurant is a nice size, offering seating at booths, tables and the sushi bar. The menu offers a large selection of cooked items in the appetizer and entree categories, along with a very nice selection of sushi, sashimi and rolls. (There are a good selection of both cooked and raw rolls.) If you are a fan of noodles, they are also offered. Yes, it's a large menu...one that we'll look forward to exploring in many visits. Our neighbors discovered Yuki Hana had recently opened and quickly became regulars. We attended their official grand opening night, which was completely packed. Service was attentive and even thought the place was jam packed, the ordered food came out at a great pace. I'm posting pictures of everything our table ordered and tried as they are new in town.Since it was our first try, hubby and I wanted to sample as much as we could from some of our favorite items, so we ordered the Ahi Poki, Rock Shrimp Tempura, the Pepper Tuna Maki hand roll and the Wasabi Sesame Tuna entree to share. Our friends ordered the Bento Box with Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura and the 5 pcs sushi, the Shrimp tempura roll, the Gyoza appetizer and Sweet Potato Roll. Basically, there was a ton of food at our table, but again, the meal was paced out beautifully.For their grand opening they also had complimentary noshes and we were able to sample the Edamame, Lettuce Wrap Chicken, Crispy Calamari, Crunchy Mui Bueno roll and the White Tuna sashimi- all were wonderful. The Edamame served had a chili mixed in with lime and salt, very tasty. Good flavor on the saucy lettuce wraps, wonderful quality fish and seafood. The roll was very, very good. I'll be ordering that very soon.  Back to our order, the Ahi Poki was nicely spiced with the shichimi pepper and Sriracha sauce, but was not too hot or spicy or masking the wonderful Ahi, and was served piled on crispy wontons. Great quality and freshness to the Ahi, we loved this appetizer. (pic)  The Rock Shrimp Tempura is an upscale play on a bang bang shrimp, the rock shrimp were tender and perfectly cooked, lightly crispy and the savory slightly spicy sauce was great. Everyone at the table loved this tasty appetizer (pic). The Pepper Tuna Maki hand roll was rolled nicely and presented beautifully. The ahi was again, delicious and seasoned differently than our Poki, but again, great. The Wasabi Sesame Tuna entree was a nice portion of beautifully seared Ahi, though neither hubby nor myself detected a Wasabi note to the dish, the sweeter sesame-yuzu was the overwhelming flavor. It was served with seaweed risotto, which was delicious and perfectly cooked, non mushy risotto. Our entree also came with a choice of salad or soup, we opted for the salad, which was a nice sized salad of mixed greens, veg and dressing. Our friends dinners arrived in pace with our items, the Bento Box was a large amount of food, offering 2 choices from a select list of items and included an appetizer of Gyoza and Edamame. Our friend opted for the Shrimp & Vegetable Tempura and the 5 pcs sushi- his Bento box runneth over. He was very happy with his choices and left stuffed. (Great deal for $22!) His wife ordered the Gyoza appetizer, Shrimp tempura roll and the sweet potato roll, all were tasty and we'd get again. The large table beside us ordered the Sushi & Sashimi Omakase for Two, which is a ton of food and may have you leaving with a takeout box. Spectacular quality of fish and lovely presentation. Our curiousity was peaked more than once by the various flaming dishes passing our table, we'll be getting some fire in the future. Our server was wonderful and the owner stopped by to check in on all of the tables while also keeping a watchful eye on the front of house operations. Sign up on their email list for specials and coupons, their Facebook page is up and running as well, announcing their special promotions and events. You can become a VIP and receive points that equate to a discount, so be sure sign up on your first visit.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,3/8/2014,113,259,,7,4>This place is really unique, with a concept that allows you to really figure our what types of wines you like, without having buyer's remorse over purchasing a full glass of wine that you end up hating.  You buy yourself a tasting card that can be reloaded anytime (don't throw that thing away if you plan to come back, you won't have to buy a new one), and off you go.  The bar is loaded with options, separated by types of wine (merlot, cabernet, etc.), and offer you three size options with three price options.  You find one you like, get yourself a full pour.  Not sure if you are going to hate it, get a small pour.  Don't miss the dispensers downstairs, as they have a few additional ones down there that might be something you like.We haven't really tried the food here, but the charcuterie plates look appetizing, and other appetizers seem like they would be good.  The place is laid out so you can just chill out, with big couches, lots of stools, and a bar area in the back.  When we have guests come in town, and they want to do something unique, this is one of the places we like to bring them to for a fun experience.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,3/7/2014,27,69,3,7,8>I cannot believe my luck! I literally stumbled upon Public House when going through someone's reviews. I have to admit I was a little skeptical just based on its location but after a failed meal elsewhere I didn't imagine it could get any worse. I read that they're enforcing a 21+ crowd so it was worth a stop. This is a fairly large space located on the end of a shopping plaza near UCF. The bar is very open. There is an expansive bar, several hightops in the center, and booths around the perimeter. The booths did look out of place as they weren't the same quality as the bar & hightops. Plus, they don't serve food. But I did read that they will let you bring food in so that makes sense. There's also a small stage area for performers. I absolutely LOVE the large screen of available beers on tap and it seems to be updated daily, as they made a point to post the date. It lists the beer, size, ABV, and price. They also have lots o'bottles and a pretty good liquor selection. The do craft cocktails and had I not started the night with cider I would have tried them all. The 2 bartenders we encountered were young but friendly and knowledgeable. There was a good crowd building after 10pm. There was also live music which is a HUGE draw for me. I do hope they're able to enforce the 21+ rule as someone else said, this type of bar is severely lacking in this area. So let's recap - cider on tap: check, clean & open space: check, 21+: check, live music: check. I'm hoping they stick around for a long, long while!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/6/2014,85,232,3,10,6>Yeah YELP for encouraging me to try new places - to get to my 100 YELPS goal in 2013! Blue Mango is #99, and man (again) I'm happy for that!The Cuban sandwich is a delight. Served pressed and hot with a perfection of customary, complimentary, condiments. I managed 2/3 of the sandwich and will finish er off for lunch tomorrow. DAMN GOOD CUBAN SANDWICH!The onion rings too were hot and a good side dish. I managed to get a few tastes of their Roast Pork, Black Beans and Plantains. These too were all hands down really good eating!Honestly the roast pork might have been a bit salty, but the owner said you can request the alteration. Love it when the plantains have that caramelization that sticks to your teeth and has a predominate banana flavor. YUM!!Blk. beans are seasoned great and a nice portion.A sweet surprise was everything was served on china plates -I was expecting "foamware" and plastic hardware.I can't wait to return to try the Caribbean  Jerk seasoned entrées and soup, fresh organic salads, and fish tacos!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/5/2014,151,345,3,9,5>Why haven't I gone here sooner! If you are looking for a good cheesesteak this is the place! They have a great lunch special to where you can add fries/drink to your sandwich. Who doesn't love a great deal? You order at the back of the restaurant and make your way up front for pick up. I ordered the supreme cheesesteak with curly fries and drink. It was the smallest you can get, the 8 inch. It will definitely fill you up unless you are feeling like you can eat a horse, then you can definitely go bigger. The sandwich is packed with so much meat, I'm not sure how anyone can go bigger! If you like your philly cheesy, I would recommend to add extra cheese, its a bit scarce the way it is in my opinion. Watch out for peak times, you may find yourself standing around when your order is ready if you wanted to dine in. It gets packed!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,3/4/2014,26,138,4,16,5>NERDGASM!  This Geek Speak Easy is cleverly tucked away in the back of A Comic Book Shop, with no outside signage, making it a little hard to find unless you know its there.  My brother and I had just assumed it was closed and something else, but he's a comic book junkie so we weren't going to NOT go in, and glad we did.  The space is open, well lit, clean and a comfortable mix of Nerd Chic and 80's Camp.  I'm not personally a big comic book/sci-fi person, but the space was not off-putting at all.  It was just enough for the casual nerd to appreciate but not so dorky I was afraid of being caught in some creepy comic role-play by people who think they live in the fantasy worlds of pulp fiction.Prices are extremely reasonable for beer and food.  No liquor here, but it's ok.  Stopping in for one of their rather impressive craft beer offerings and one of their $3 sandwiches makes for a great nertacular meal.  The food is unpretentious, comfort, drunk/gaming food.  Their menu logic is infallible...I mean what is better than grilled cheese and macaroni and cheese other than a grilled macaroni and cheese sandwich!  Don't go in expecting gourmet and intricate flavors, just good comfort.  The place is missing a star because of the total lack of signage (at least something in the window would have been nice).Totally going back for trivia night!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/3/2014,78,166,1,7,5>We have been coming here for dinner for years - definitely one of the more affordable buffets on Disney property. While dinner is always enjoyable, this review is specifically for lunch. Not too long ago, Trails End announced they would be testing an a la carte lunch - and I've been wanting to try it since. My friend and I arrived on a Sunday afternoon at prime lunch time without a reservation, and we were seated promptly. We shared an order of the crab and corn hush puppies with dipping sauces - a spicy aioli and remolaude. These were absolutely delicious, packed with flavor, and easy to share. I ordered the chicken and waffles, and found them to be the best I've ever had. A sweet potato waffle with perfectly moist and seasoned chicken, a drizzle of maple syrup that wasn't overly sweet, and a sprinkle of diced strawberries. My friend ordered the fried catfish with collard greens and fries (plain French fries and sweet potato). We were both very impressed, and I am eager to return and sample other items on the menu.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,3/2/2014,111,174,4,6,5>Hello Bandwagon, mind if I hop on? Yay! Hurray! Brava! and Yes!This is such a great place. What did we like about it? Nearly every single thing. The savory food? My gosh it was interesting, homemade, can't wait to get it into my mouth deliciousness. The baked goods? I'll take one of each please. The space? It is cute and bright and cheerful. The staff? It was a real joy to be around people who were helpful, happy and genuinely enthusiastic about where they worked and what they had to offer.  The few minuscule nit picky things that hardly bare mention - but I will anyway. The metal chairs were not good on Marty's bad back but they also have cushioned bench seating that worked for him. The paper under our breakfast biscuits just didn't work. It did not hold up especially since we had to cut the bacon. That meant we also cut through the paper and ended up getting pieces of it along with the food. The ladies room was occupied for quite some time and I ended up just going into the mens room which for all intents and purposes was exactly the same as the woman's. I would suggest labeling them unisex.Wish we lived closer but then again the distance may help spare my waistline from the temptation that would come from living nearby. Can't wait to eat the goodies we took home!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,3/1/2014,141,222,1,17,7>I normally don't venture downtown, but this place drew me there on a Friday night to check out their take on a German menu.For me, German food is comfort food. It's my go-to when I need a pick-me-up. Being from near the Taunus mountains, it reminds me of home.Reading the descriptions on the menu I could tell right away that they aren't offering your traditional "mom's kitchen" style items. They've added a bit of finesse, if you will, to jazzy it up.I enjoyed the kartoffelpuffers. They were light and fluffy on the inside and didn't feel like the dense, hard hockey pucks I'm used to getting at most other places. It was a nice switch up.The Schumann's braten (Sauerbraten, I know the names are a little silly) was fork tender, juicy, and bursting with flavor. Probably the best I've had around. The Schweinshaxe was also fork tender, juicy, with a thick delicious crispy skin on the outside. Meaty, hearty and damn near perfect.The red cabbage could be a bit more tangy, but was still good. The spätzle was tasty and went perfect with the gravy from the meat.The beer selection is pretty standard for Florida German restaurants. Perhaps in time their selection will grow. But not bad for just opening and starting out. I had a half liter of Radeberger for a very decent price. The atmosphere is rather loud. Typical for downtown. I'd love to see the volume come down a bit, but that's a personal preference. Overall, for their first night open, I'd say this place pretty much nailed it. I had a nice time, I'm still full, and it didn't break the bank.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/28/2014,175,93,4,11,8>I love Portugal, the country and the restaurant!  Growing up in New England and as the child of Portuguese parents, I've had a ton of exposure to Portuguese restaurants, both in the US and in Portugal.  Six summers of my youth were spent in Portugal, and this restaurant reminds me more of the restaurants overseas than of the Portuguese restaurants of Fall River, New Bedford, Bristol and East Providence.Every time I've been in, and it's more than I can count on my fingers (no, I'm not missing any), I've been greeted and served by one of the owners.  Service is quiet and unobtrusive.  There is no rush, which has driven some of my friends crazy.  Me, I'm used to it and in all honesty, I don't mind as it allows me more time to harken back to my childhood.  The pasteis de bacalhai (codfish cakes) are so authentic that it's scary.  The chourico assado is perfect, crispy with all of the right flavor notes.  For starters, all I'm missing is the caldo verde.Entree time!  The Portuguese are known for multiple starches with every meal.  Usually it's bread, rice and some sort of fried potato.  Portugal did not disappoint there.  The lombinhis (pork cutlet) were tender and juicy.  The bacalhau assado is a massive portion, and the flavor just blew me away.  The olive oil, garlic and salt marry so well with the codfish.  For me though, the one dish that I can't get enough of is the bife a Portuguesa (Portuguese style sirloin)!  It's everything I remember a great Portuguese steak to be.  Always cooked to temp, the garlic and white wine sauce is an amazing compliment to the steak.  Make sure you break the yolk of the egg and spread it over the steak.  I love you Portugal, and I can't wait to see you again.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,2/27/2014,1381,1517,5,12,10>I had no expectations prior to arriving for dinner.  So surprised I was when I realized some of my favorite ingredients ever were featured in several dishes. Eggs in deviled eggs. Sans caviar. (why deviled eggs.  Why not angel eggs?)Brussel sproutsKale.I have always wondered if it is possible to overdose on kale.  I eat it raw, cooked, juiced, and in chips, and every form is wonderful for me.  I was not, however, prepared for the super large portion of salad I received. It really should be shared by the entire table instead of only one person.  I personally enjoyed the salad which featured regular as well as dinosaur kale.  The salad needs to be tossed completely for the best flavor.All the food was delicious and the service was really great.  Disappointed we did not get seated sooner than we did as we made reservations, however, this place is super crowded.  It was literally shoulder to shoulder in the bar area and near some of the seating.Restrooms are spacious, clean, and have a full length mirror with good lighting.  There is also a changing table in the ladies room.  Wonder if one is in the men's room?  I ended up taking a lot of my goodies home.  Really appreciate the recyclable take home containers.Complimentary valet parking is available.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,1/14/2013,141,222,,11,5>I went on opening day and typically anything that can go wrong does, but really, they did pretty well. It's set up the same way as 4 rivers was- walk in, order, then go sit down. They have a good beer selection, no junk, and some wine. You have two ways to order your burger- pink or no pink. I ordered mine pink but it came out no pink. Not a big deal cause it was still delicious. Juicy and full of flavor. The fries are obviously made in house and quite tasty. My friend ordered the mushroom fries and they were awesome. So let's break her down for ya.Pros: farm to table, fresh, tasty, creative, outdoor seating nice when the weather cooperates, cool concept, good beer selection (and some wine as well)Cons: ketchup not so good, my shake was sadly no good, my beer glass was spottyNot bad for their first day!I'll definitely be going back. After they've had a little while to work out any minor kinks like wait time for food and burger temp, this place will be spot on and awesome.Good job, guys!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,1/13/2013,221,378,10,13,8>Chant it with me...teak....teak...Teak....TEAK...TEAK TEAK TEAK!!!!The chant of 1000 giant Samoans fill the room as the mightiest of the mighty is brought forth to THEE!  Behold! The Legends are TRUE! The hugest and juicest of burgers DO exist!  A burger so big, that this 6'4" super stud(i will also except mega-stud) can't even finish it!  It must be split between two human beings!  Thankfully I have the awesome yelp teammate Sharon to help in this noblest of causes.  They have a regular menu, THEN they have the massive burger menu.  This shit is the REAL DEAL.  So far the pb&j burg is champion (FYI, i dont' even LIKE PBBJ sandwiches as a kid, or even now),   and close second The Germanator(potato pancake, kraut on it). The sweet potato tots are f-ing good too. Stop staring at my fork eyes and get your ASS to the MEGA BURGER HEAVEN!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,1/12/2013,89,238,26,21,11>I promised myself I would try to cut down on my cursing, but holy @^#&$!! This (#$^#!#$! Place is #&$*!%* GREAT!!!How did it take so long for me to find Freshfield Farms?! I have to credit my Yelp friends for pointing me in the right direction. After reading review after review from people I trust, I decided to go here and I was so happy that I couldn't wait to go home and tell my wife how much money I saved, Get this:3 lbs of seedless grapes1 giant pumello1 avacado1 huge mango5 bananas1 pineapple1 papaya4 honey crisp apples2 tomato 2 pearsa huge chunk of gingeran eggplant4 pieces of corn on the cobcost......$23!!!!When I saw my receipt my loins began tingling so I practically cartwheeled over to the meat department and got  huge packages of chops, stew beef, and boneless chicken for the grand total of $12! Are you #$^&@*ing me!!!!???I shall return.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,1/11/2013,163,386,,10,10>I've driven along I-4 numerous times and noticed Crane's Roost Park.  I've even heard about it as well, but never gave it much thought.  I love parks and I have to say my expectations of Crane's Roost were low; next to a highway and a mall! We needed to do a little shopping, so thought I could give Altamonte a try and go for a stroll at Crane's Roost while I was at it.Hubby & I weren't sure where to park.  It wasn't clear if there was a lot or not, so we grabbed the first spot we saw along the road. We came upon a beautiful fountain where children were enjoying splashing their hands.   There was plenty of seating to enjoy the view. It reminded me of a classic park scene.I didn't realize there was a piazza at this park. I thought Crane's Roost Park was just a paved trail around the lake.During our stroll we noticed a number of people out enjoying the weekday sun. We made our way around the lake taking in the lovely views along the way. It was nice to see a number of benches scattered about the trail.While the park and the fountain are beautiful, there is much more to enjoy at Crane's Roost Park. The website offers a calendar of monthly activities including music and wine events.I look forward to checking out an event at Cranes Roost, the background is romantic for a lovely date night.   It would be nice to bring a picnic, take in the view and enjoy the sunset.If you have to hit the mall; coincide it with a walk around the lake to connect with nature.  Your mind will thank you later.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/19/2013,75,80,4,4,3>OMG why did I wait so long to come to this place!I don't mind ordering off of a board when the food is this gosh darn tasty!I had the quesadilla with chicken.  It was a little crispy and had caramelized onions.  Every aspect was flavorful.  I freaking loved it.  My date had the veggie burrito.  He is hooked.  I had a bite, it was also quite yummy!  My friends tried all of the different types of tacos, and I heard nothing but cheers of praise.  Especially for the Double DsThey have rooster sauce.  Yes, Sriracha in a pump like ketchup.  I was mildly afraid my date was going to stick his head under the tap.  With much restraint, he resisted, which is good news, because I can still show my face in this place, and I can hardly wait!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/8/2013,59,210,4,5,2>My sister is vegan, so places like this are always appreciated, especially here in Orlando. The new location is near Park Ave in Winter Park (where Urban Flats used to be) and while it's large and nice, I miss the personality the Ivanhoe location had. Let's pause for a moment of silence.Anyways, the food has always been good when I've gone, and most recently I've been getting the pizza. It's alright, good, but the pesto sauce leaves a lot of oil on the pizza, and when I went most recently the crust was quite burnt on half of it. I'm guessing that was partly because it was their first night in the new building, but I couldn't eat those parts.The menu has some new items and some stand-bys and classics, and there are more desserts now too, including a sundae, which my sister is excited about trying. Vegan friendly places are few and far between, especially in places like this, but it's good for the meat eaters too, and a good chance to explore new culinary sensations.Or something like that. It's good, check it out! Also, parking is better now than it used to be.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/7/2013,128,156,2,9,7>We randomly went here again the other night promptly after being told that that Cask and Larder was booked for several weeks for reservations. Nonetheless, we made a great decision! Here are a few tips based on my experiences from dining at RP:1. Sit at the bar. The bar tenders are fantastic, provide prompt service even when the bar is slammed, and they are very courteous and knowledgeable about their beer & food. 2. Order some of everything. I have dined in their traditional dinning room and ordered dinner before, BUT I very much rather enjoy their pub food and appetizer options. The pub burger is always perfect, the pretzels with cheese fondue are super tasty, and a newer menu item of lamb spare ribs were to die for! Tip: save some leftover cheese fondue from the pretzels to dip the truffle fries into, and thank me later.3. Sample some of their beers. You can order a 1/2 glass which is 8 oz for half the price of a pint. That is a fantastic way to taste some beautifully crafted beers and pair them with various menu options. All in all I still love the Ravenous Pig whether for special occasions or for a secret night of guilty pleasures. Go check out the bar where you will feel welcomed and are pretty much guaranteed a good night.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/6/2013,108,251,3,2,4>Courtesy, I like the cut of your jib.This new bar downtown is definitely stylin' - taking some cues from the architecture of the Dolive building, which is nearing the century point, the long and narrow space features what are likely the original stamped tin ceilings, dim lighting from Edison squirrel-cage light bulbs, a heavy wooden bar manned by bartender in a bow-tie (and a steampunk cash register for ringing up your bill), and ample seating in the form of several conversation groups and a long, low bench that runs along the length of the space, parallel to the bar, with tables interspersed.  At some point I want to come back here in '20s garb with my husband rocking a sweet monocle. Drinks include draft and bottle beer and wine, but there's an emphasis on spirits and craft cocktails - it's a fun atmosphere to hang with friends and try new drinks.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,1/5/2013,19,37,4,14,7>When you think of family-owned home cooking in Saint Cloud, your mind rarely ventures away from greasy spoons and beer bellies. A sad stereotype many and most passers by can't help but tag, at first glance.But, THANKFULLY, in a town that's budding back up with fresh local businesses, this restaurant stands out as wonderfully exotic as they come.Sabaw is the Filipino word for "soup."That in mind, going into this place, you'll know almost exactly what they're about. The restaurant is decorated subtly, each table is adorned with it's own single gas burner and metal soup pot.They keep their menu simple: Appetizers ranging from the simple fried spring roll, to their worthwhile lettuce wraps. They have classic Asian entrees to choose from, but limited, because their specialty is their namesake.With their "Shabu-Shabu" dinner, you get to choose your broth, protein, sauces, rice, noodles and side dishes. (All for a set price that rarely ever goes above $10 a person!!!) They turn the burner on for you, pour in the broth, wait for it to simmer, and give you your food and complimentary Asian veggies to throw into the pot. The meat does COME OUT TO YOU RAW, but once you throw it into the boiling broth, it's harmless.Once it's done, you get to pull out your noodles and ladle out your soup, and dig in like your life depends on it. There's no wrong way to eat it, and it's your own creation!Your kids will love participating with making it, you get to feel like you whipped yourself up a home cooked dinner on the cheap, and you get to support a fantastic local business. Keep good food going!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/4/2013,10,90,4,4,5>First, get the TVs out of the dining room! If I wanted to watch TV, I would have stayed home or gone to a sports bar. Having a small on at the bar isn't bad, but these places really need to get over having a TV everywhere. I should mark it down a star for that alone (but I won't).  OK, now for the review.Hotto Potto is one of those places that has a steep learning curve the first time you go, but that is part of the fun if you are in the right mood. Just be careful taking non-adventurous diners there.  Once you get your food ordered and get into the eating, you will find a medley of flavors that is nothing like your typical Chinese food.You may be overwhelmed at first because everything is a choice (broth flavor, meats, vegetables, noodles, sauces).  Essentially, you are picking broth in which to boil the food that you pick. This isn't explained on the menu which is kind of confusing with two rows of boxes to check.  Fortunately, the staff is patient.There are combination meals which are actually a pretty good deal.  The best thing we had though was the Wagyu Beef.  The server explained that this is Kobe-style beef and it was tasty and tender.  I recommend it.  There are your standard items on the menu (chicken, beef, shrimp, etc.) and some not so standard (beef tripe, beef stomach, chicken feet.)  I didn't try any of the latter (maybe next time.)  Everything was fresh and clean looking.  I got the Medium Spicy broth which I thought was plenty spicy for boiling your food.  You can always add sauces if you need more kick.  I also recommend the Tom Yum Goong broth which was described as a sweet and sour, but I though it was more like a slight sour with a little spice. Very tasty.When they bring out your food, they give you the run down on what must be about 30 sauces.  All were very good and they had something for just about anyone's palate. They tape cooking guides to the table so you don't overboil your food.  You might want to consider asking for a few fresh plates since the juices and sauces tend to build up on the small one they give you.  (They say that some people apparently like that.)  I also recommend a few extra serving forks since you aren't supposed to use the same utensils (chopsticks are the default) to pick raw meat as you do to eat with. Also, the paper napkins wear out fast.Hotto Potto is a unique concept and an adventurous dining experience.  Give it a try if you are in the mood for experimentation.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,8/30/2011,498,694,2,3,1>Mucho bueno!  Let's just say I came here one day for a long lunch with a coworker. We had gotten in right before the rush, and was immediately hypnotized by the colorful menu. I decided to go with the Double D's (I love food names that make me chuckle), beef and chicken empanadas and the queso (yes we shared)I have to say my favorite was the Double D's. The soft and hard shell just work magically together. The food is really tasty, fresh and relatively inexpensive.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,8/29/2011,86,62,4,3,4>Opening in the past week, Orlando has yet another new entry into their lineup of food trucks. Hooray, another winner!I briefly skimmed their menu but didn't really consider anything else other than the Mexican Taco Box (beef) that I ordered. Of course, after ordering I started paying more attention to their other offerings. A pretty limited selection, which is quite ok when you do something right.While my food was being made the chef asked how spicy I wanted my tacos. If you want any spice at all, you have 2 options... medium, or spicy. Not knowing their levels I opted for medium which it turns out is almost no spice at all. Live and learn. Next time, I'll get spicy.I think he caught me eying some of their other options while I waited as he offered a plate with some of the other meat. The chicken was quite delicious and I instantly wondered if I would regret my decision.Nope! The tacos were awesome. I love soft corn tortillas and these were unlike any I have had before. Soft and a bit fluffy. While eating my tacos I was tearing off bits of the tortilla and eating that by itself. The beef inside was tender, juicy, and full of flavor. I'm not entirely sure what the green shit is that they squirt into the tacos and I'm an idiot for not trying it by itself. I do know they made the tacos that much more delicious. At this point you could tell me it was vomit from the little demon girl in the Exorcist and I wouldn't care.My main complaint is that everything offered is in box form. I'm glad I got a box on this visit, so I could try more items, but honestly I would rather just order a few of the tacos. The rice and beans were good, but come on, it's hard to screw up rice and beans. I thought the salad was more of a garnish. Sure, I ate it, but I am a pig and would probably eat a ball of hair pulled out of a tub drain if somebody included it as a side. If you could order the tacos individually that's totally the route I would take, getting a variety. Oh well.  There were no posted hours so I asked one of the guys inside and he said they would be there 7 days a week from 9-9. So now 3 reviews and 3 different sets of operating hours. To play it safe for a few weeks it may be wise to assume they are open from about 11am-7pm. That stretch of time seems to be the only overlap in all of the reviews. I'm sure once they've been in business for a while they will have some more steady hours.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,8/28/2011,88,93,1,7,4>I was super excited to get to try Ran Getsu with a friend of mine about a week or so ago. I had been to eat in their restaurant when it was on International Drive but now that it has moved and also has the Orchid Lounge, I was interested to see the difference. I remember it being open and bright with a huge koi pond outside ... this time around, in Maitland, it is more modern and edgy inside. Its walls all light up in fluorescents that change every few seconds and there is a lounge outside with red and black seating. So different yet soooo cool.We were sat at a table in the center of the dining room and were immediately greeted by our server. We ordered the Conch Ceviche as an appetizer which is citrus marinated conch, vegetables and apple geleé. The flavor itself was delicious but as my friend said, it was a little underwhelming. The conch pieces were few and far between but mix that with the apple geleé and it didn't matter. Delicious.I do want to mention that I had a Rising Sun Cocktail and was floored by how sweetly delicious it was. It's a combo of Grey Goose Pear with Chambord and White Cranberry Juice. It's also very pretty. My photos do it not justice.We had a lot of sushi & sashimi come to our table. It was weird though. It came out in a weird order and at random times. Instead of coming out all at once, they would randomly bring us plates and even after I ordered an ADDITION it came out before our original order. Just wanted to quickly note that.I ordered a Spider Roll and I loved their presentation. They made a spider web out of spicy mayo and the roll itself was perfect, in appearance and in taste. It is soft shell crab with avocado, cucumber and eel sauce. I also had the Dragon Roll which is just Unagi Eel Roll with Avocado (LOTS of it) on top. You all know how much I adore avocado. It was heaven. They might have put too much avocado which I didn't think was possible but it was beautiful and heavenly nonetheless. :)My dear friend ordered a Dynamite Roll which is a roll with assorted fish, asparagus & Wasabi-Mayo sauce. It had an interesting taste but I much enjoyed the hint of that Wasabi in it. Good choice. He also had the Sashimi Dinner that came with the Chef's Choice of 5 sashimi. I had a couple of pieces of Salmon Sashimi myself so yes there was a lot of food.To top off the dinner, we had the Green Tea Tiramisu to share. Now I don't even like normal tiramisu and I'm not a tea person either. Like at all. But with the fresh berries and the whipped cream concoction, this layered green delight was fabulous. I'm glad we got it. I would definitely get it again.Overall the experience was fantastic. I would like to go again and try a few more things (including more yummy cocktails) and would highly recommend you to try this place out if you haven't already. FABulous.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,8/27/2011,141,222,6,5,5>Yum!This place doesn't look like much and the decor is kind of lacking but the food more than makes up for that.I ordered a shrimp po boy and a small jambalaya, coffee to wash it down. The food came out fast and with a smile from friendly staff. The jambalaya has shrimp, sausage, chicken and the celery is just enough to stand out but not overpower. Like Diana Ross's Supremes. Delicious. And filling, I had to box it up to go cause the po boy (the small) was a lot. They load the fried shrimp in that tasty baguette and stuff some lettuce, mayo, tomato and pickles in there to round it all out. I like the sauce they have on the table. Compliments the seafood really well.I'm glad I finally got to check this place out cause there's a lot more stuff I want to try. Overall impressed.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,8/26/2011,221,378,22,10,11>This is where i go to get my meats. This is where i go to get my produce.Customer service:They saw me eyeballing the steak, and with her Meatlady mind-melding saw that deep in my heart i wanted a thicker steak then what was in the display case. And like a meat angel from heaven she said, "how about i cut you a new steak fresh off the cow(not really said the whole cow part, but lets ride this dream out)." she said how thick, and showed me a chart on the wall of steak thickness cuts. i said, "Two Fuckin Inches." She said "done."  I made love to that steak about 2 hours later. My gf hates when i say this in reviews, but deep down....she made love to her steak piece also.I really don't need to explain myself further.  This place is heaven.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,8/25/2011,222,330,2,12,7>Ok, I was seriously confused about this park when I looked it up on Yelp. Was it like a Leu Gardens and charged admission? Was it a private park? Did they allow pets? Can I walk on their trail?A quick phone call answered all my questions (it's a public orange county park and you have to hunt for it but you can find their actual park info here: apps.ocfl.net/dept/CEsrv…) so I loaded up my pooch in the back of my car and headed over for a walk. WOW. It's GORGEOUS! I'm trying to enjoy as much of this normal, spring weather before it gets searingly hot and Cypress Grove is the perfect place to be right now. Absolutely gorgeous, mature trees surround the park and dot the expanse of field. I picked a huge one to sit under the shade while the sun set and read a book.Then I took a walk along the perimeter of the park which snakes through volley ball courts, basketball courts and ultimately takes you towards the playground and lake. What a view! I had to stop and sit in the grass lakeside with my puppy too!My only remark is that they put the playground pretty much lakeside, so if you wanted to sit quietly and enjoy the view, forget it. It can be pretty loud and distracting with the playful shrieks of kids (they also seem to take over the nearby dock too). Obviously, I'm not a parent so naturally this bothers me BUT I'm sure the parents are grateful to enjoy a nice view while watching their kids.I can totally see the wedding appeal. If you live nearby, this is a must!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,8/24/2011,56,122,9,8,5>Man oh man what a place. Just finished eating.....give me a minute.....I had the Messy pig with fried okra and smoked jalepenos on the side. My boyfriend had The Longhorn with fried okra and macaroni and cheese on the side. I don't see how he ate that thing. It was huge to me. I mean it had chopped brisket, onions rings, melted cheese, sausage and some more stuff on it. My messy pig was yummy! The pulled pork and coleslaw made this simply irresistible. You cant go wrong when you order this. As we pulled up the parking area was quite full but we managed to snag a spot. Thanks to the other Yelpers on here we decided to call in our order before we went up there. This was by far the smartest thing we could have done. Thanks Yelpers!  :o)We went to the Phone call-in pick up order line. The other line on the other hand grew an additional 25 people in less than 15 minutes! The outside was crowded with people sitting down to enjoy their meal. As a few people walked by I managed to look to see what else 4 Rivers had to offer. The ribs, brisket, chicken, well EVERYTHING they had looks awesome! The smell is even better.It didn't take long to get our food and leave. The desserts are MASSIVE! That is something i must try the next time I go here. I will take this great advice and pass it on to future people: CALL IN YOUR ORDER BEFORE YOU GO! IT WILL SAVE YOU ALOT OF TIME!  I noticed that some people complained about how long the line was. Even though they complained, they still stood in the line and waited (trust me guys, the food is that good). Everything was organized, clean, and efficient. Cant ask for much more (now if the food flew into my mouth automatically, they would be on to something)
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/23/2011,238,467,5,6,5>I stopped in for brunch and...well.. I almost don't want to tell you all about how awesome it was. Because if I do, then it will get packed and I may not be able to walk right in and get a table at 10am on a Sunday.  And also, they may run out of the homemade turkey pastrami that makes for a kickass brunchy sandwich.  All you jokers might just descend on this cool little spot for Sunday brunch  because of their 3 dollar mimosas, bloody marys or sangiras which would keep them in business, which I guess is a good thing overall.  Still though... tell your friends but only the cool ones.  Shine is a super fabulous spot for brunch.  You can be in and out or hang and chill.  The bar is open and the eggs are hot!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,8/22/2011,47,83,5,3,3>Fellow Yelpers,I have eaten here before during the dark ages before I started yelping.  Hence the lack of a review for this restaurant.  However, recently I had the opportunity to eat here again and now I will fulfill my mission here on Earth and review this place.I have had drinks here on several occasions and they are the kings at making "dad" drinks.  Primarily a Tom Collins, they marvel at them.  It is no wonder they are so good, anything related to Phil Collins is a winner in my book.  Call me crazy but I like to sip my Tom Collins to "In the air tonight", the soundtrack to my life in public restrooms. Their bar is amazing.  The way in which they have it set up is great for a quiet conversation in a more or less romantic setting.  They also have a small area with couches and a nice outdoor area with a few tables.  I recommend this place for a quick happy hour or just a regular date, or meeting place.  The restaurant is decorated in a very hip, corporate trendy fashion like Apple's HQ minus the turtleneck.  The interior is modern and sophisticated, like Prince William's new wife minus the accent.The service was great, our server, Pedro was top notch.  The bartender was also great.  I had left the bar and headed to my dinner table sans my delicious vodka drink.  What kind of alcoholic am I?  Forgetting my drink is sacrilege.  I quickly returned to the bar to look for it and apparently it Houdini'ed on me.  The bartender recognized me right away though, and as he was leaving his shift he returned to the bar just to pour me another full one for free.  Now that's good service.  He tended to bar tend really well (you see what I did here).Onto the dishes, I ordered the steakhouse wedge salad (see my photo) for starters.  It was beautifully set up and it tasted great.  The bacon on top, which they used sparingly (this fatty would love to have it loaded with bacon next time) was amazing.  You could literally taste the pork in it, this statement makes sense if you're a foodie.  The tiny cherry tomatoes were so good too.  My only gripe is that the salad was truly an "iceberg", the top had a small amount of bacon and tomatoes...however the bottom 90% was all lettuce.  It was still tasty.I then ordered the Snake Rivers Farm Flank Steak.  You can clearly tell this is quality American Kobe Beef (see my photo).  This dish was delicious.  It came with Farro-Colusari Rice and grilled Eggplant.  The Farro definitely makes Croutons look and taste like its retarded cousins that rode the short bus to the assembly line Caesar salad.  Anyway, the dish is delicious and I recommend it.Overall, go here for a great atmosphere and dinner.  They have an extensive wine list that is also highly recommended.  Truly one of the great spots in Orlando.I will do the chef's table here one day.  That's for sure.I'm out.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,8/21/2011,52,143,10,3,4>Holy Cheesy Beefy Yuminess Batman. So honestly the place is a little dirty and grimy looking but who cares. The sandwiches are just straight ridiculous. I had a Philly cheese-steak and my buddy had a ham and cheese (boring.) My Philly was... are you ready because I'm only going to say this once ...THE BEST PHILLY I HAVE EVER HAD. Not exaggerating. Big sub with an insane amount of meat topped with cheese, peppers, onions, and of course jalapenos. The portion size is just...aw. I could only eat half of the thing. The other half got microwaved for dinner and was still amazing after being given radioactive cancer. Now for the ham and cheese. I didn't try it because pig is for Heathens, and some Christians. That being said I gotta good Agnostic buddy who made some noises while eating his sub that I don't think his woman could get out of him. And again the portion size was nuts. There was a whole pig on that thing. It oinked at me. How do you get that much meat on a sub roll. They must confess it to me or declare it witchcraft. OK I'm done if you haven't gotten the point by now then you don't deserve the food you idgitt.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,1/23/2011,152,101,2,9,4>It's a new club so there wasn't a lot of people there but there was an awesome DJ (Prime Minister) playing really good house.  There are aquariums inside the club and it has a really pretty bar.  I hope this club does well because it has the potential to rock.I went on a Thursday night.  It was ladies night so I drank free from 11 to 12.  Can we say double fisting?!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/22/2011,92,92,2,6,5>I attended my first ever 5k a few years ago, hosted by Track Shack and I was amazed at the organization of the event. After the event I decided to stop by the store to purchase running shoes, since I am arch challenged (Flat Footed).  They greeted me immediately and ask a number of questions to help me find the right shoe to support me while I run to lose the extra Yelp side effects. It's a motion controlled ASICS shoe design to provide support where I need it most. Every year I make sure to attend as many 5k runs held by Track Shack as possible to make sure I stay on track.   If you are ever interested in running a race, you must attend a track shack event to see how an event should really be "ran".
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,1/21/2011,363,344,,6,3>Two Thumbs Up!After a long night at work,  I was invited to meet up with some co-workers at World of Beer for a couple of post-work drinks.  Pulled into the parking-lot at about Midnight and was surprised to see it was quite full.  Walked in and was greeted by the glorious sight of High Def. tvs all lined up above the bar area and placed strategically throughout the room.  Various sporting events were playing on the tvs and they WERE unlike a lot of places, playing in High Definition.  The bar area was somewhat crowded but I walked up to a small space behind two gentlemen seated at the bar and waited to be served.  I was almost instantly acknowledged by the bartender with eye contact and a smile.  She offered me a menu of the beers on tap, as well as the bottled beers they had. She also let me know that if there was something Id like to sample, she had no problem getting me some samples.  I love friendly service and having the option to sample something before I buy a pint of it.  It was at this time that the Red Hot Chili Peppers came on the overhead speakers, and it signaled to me that this was going to be a good night. LOLI got two samples of a light beer and then decided to go for something a little darker.  I ordered the Victory Golden Monkey brewed in Pennsylvania...probably because I saw the 9.5% alcohol content next to the name. It came in a goblet adorned with a German name and symbol on there and I proceeded to sip on my beer until my friends arrived.  When they arrived we grabbed a seat along the wall where they have high chairs and booths sharing the same tables. The music selection they had playing had something to offer most although I would say it was mainly Top 40s.  The crowd was diverse with the majority of people being late 20s to mid 40s.  I would definitely come back here and in fact I plan on it.  I hear Wednesday nights are college nights and college students get half off all draft beers from 9pm to close and  the place is PACKED. I need to come back for hospitality night as well on Mondays where Industry employees get half off all drafts from 9pm to close. One of the best parts about this experience is that the beers are reasonably priced! $5-$6 for a decent beer that is NOT your run of the mill budweiser, bud-light line up. I can definitely appreciate that! Can you?My advice is, grab a buddy (or two) and head down to World of Beer. Its new, its fun and its affordable.You can check out the nightly specials here.wobusa.com/Promos/Weekly…
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,1/20/2011,101,248,,5,4>This is a lovely little place that I think is great for sushi novice, like me, because their menu explains the rolls pretty well. Luckily, I also had a friend that knows her sushi.The staff was very friendly and gave us lots of time to decide what we wanted to order. They also were very attentive; refilling beverages and checking to see how everything was.We decided on the Volcano, Mexican, Bubble, and Sweet Potato Rolls. Yum, yum, yum!!! The Volcano was my favorite one followed by the Mexican. Both had a nice little spice kick. I also didn't think any of them needed soy sauce or anything added to them. So very good.I'm so happy to finally have found a variety of rolls that I like to start me out on my sushi adventure!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,1/19/2011,84,171,20,12,9>Luma is fresh food served in a pretentious environment.My friend and I decided to check it out after reading the great reviews on Yelp. We had no idea what to expect as I tend to keep my Lancer off Park Avenue for fear the rich will point and snicker at me, but I had a feeling it would not involve buckets of peanuts.The hostesses offered to sit us because even though we were half-an-hour early for our reservation, on Friday evening this place was dead. Reservations don't appear to be necessary.We were seated at a small wall table. The tables next to us were merely inches apart from ours, allowing us to hear a mother piss and moan at her teenage son and to hear a shallow blonde chick gripe about life being so hard. The ambiance here is cozy and comfortable. It's a tight space and can seem a bit warm, but my drink may have been on the strong side.Our waiter, whose name starts with an N, nearly disrupted a good thing. He became snide and surly the moment we asked to see the Magical Dining menu. Throughout the meal he'd roll his eyes and appear aloof (though he was much nicer to the pretty couple inches away). Needless to say, next time we will not be requesting Noel...oops, I mean "N."The food was good and presented beautifully. The gnocchi are obviously handmade and the accompanying ingredients (corn, cheese, eggplant) were very fresh. For the entree, the pork schnitzel (served with great mystery sauce) was amazing. I chose wrong when it came to dessert, as the key lime semifreddo was ice cream and a tad underwhelming. My friend chose better with a peanut butter/chocolate mousse concoction that was amazing.The attention to detail here is impeccable. You can see into the kitchen and watch the head chef approving each dish.Alcoholic beverage, appetizer, entree, dessert, and undeserved tip totaled around $60, proving that Park Avenue can be affordable for many (much to the dismay, I'm sure, of those driving Mazzeratis). Service is a bit snobby but Park Avenue has never been a shiny beacon of Southern hospitality.I'll be back. P.S. Visit the bathroom if you want to be made to feel stupid.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,1/18/2011,223,368,6,7,5>Super YUM.  I can't believe I never knew that this place existed.  I had a chicken soft taco that seemed to have decended directly from the gates of heaven and into my mouth.  The ingredients were fresh, it was piled to capacity, and I was munching when I had a sudden epiphany - what about adding black beans to it?  I went up to the counter and the (very pleasant) employee that had made my glorious taco gave me a cup of beans free of charge.  The beans were TASTY and delicious.  Piled them on top of my already delicious taco and it went from glorious to PHENOMENAL.Loved the food, the goofy names for the dishes (i.e. "The Dirty Sanchez"), and the quirky atmosphere.  I heard it's closed temporarily for remodeling/expansion and I hope it's open again soon!Good eatin' is to be done at Gringos.  I am definitely looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,1/17/2011,498,694,3,6,6>OMJesus this place Rocks! Liquid nitrogen is so cool, but also delicious. I mean for $5, you get to pick anything you want added to the ice cream, and the portions are huge. One serving is enough for two if you want to share, and they will even split it at no charge. I love peanut butter and chocolate, so I decided to come up wit my own concoction based on Kas T. review. I had Nutella, Peanut Butter, a banana and almonds..oh my..this should make it to their signature items list. The staff is also very friendly and work hard smashing those ingredients. The only suggestion I have is to try and come up with a "low-fat" ice cream base..but I guess that wouldn't be as good!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,1/16/2011,39,207,5,4,5>I had no idea what Beefy King was, and I will admit, I was a little terrified when my boss wanted to go there for lunch... luckily, I was pleasantly surprised by this gem of a fast food joint.Yes, the big Beefy King sign is kind of old and creepy, and the inside is a tad creepy too with the inexplicable clown decor.  But look past all that for quick service, yummy sandwiches, and fabulous sweet tea.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,1/15/2011,181,355,2,7,4>Like others have said, I can say that I "finally made it in here". Their hours are very difficult to oblige if you're a normal person.  This place is interesting. I've never seen a table/chair configuration so awkward. 6 tables with a single chair at each, all facing each other as if there was a showdown of 3 vs 3. Beyond that, the atmosphere is cozy small and very real. This is a latin cafe in the Milk District!The menu is sizeable. I chose the pork arepa with sweet plantains. Made to order, this item took about 10 minutes to come out. Wild ceiling fans kept me cool and dried out my eyes as I waited. Upon receipt of said item, I was pleased to see the arepa was nicely grilled, with some char marks--YES! The pork was succulent and it came basted in a mojo sauce. There may have been cheese, but I couldn't tell what was going on in there actually. Nevertheless, it was tasty! The plantains were a bit dry, so that's no bueno. I chomped away.The lady told me that the chicken/avocado arepa is the top seller, as is the arepa de pabellon (shredded beef). There are daily specials for $4.99 and $6.99. The cuban sandwich with yellow rice and black beans is also $6.99 daily. I'll have to give that a try!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,1/14/2011,359,280,7,7,5>Hey hey Bombay ;)This place is slightly hidden, it can be found inside the Laxmi Plaza where House of Spices is located..all the way in the back. It is open Monday through Sunday 11:30 A.M to 9:30P.M..and this is why this place is awesome....They have flavorful, delectable Indian cuisine ...mainly everything on the menu is vegetarian and consist of alot spices with flavors that can make u coming back for more. A must buy is the vegetable samosa which is a spiced potato and pea turnover with a sweet dipping sauce! So good just might order 2 servings next time O_O also try the Malai kofta which is vegetable balls in rich creamy curry sauce with poffy, moist rice. YUMMMERZ!Bombay serves chaats, dosa, rice plates, and curry dishes...if you have questions they have a very customer service oriented staff who are willing to school you in on Indian food if you have no idea what anything is. Judgement free zone with a staff who can provide clarification when needed.... its100% in my book!Did I mention they play entertaining cheesey Bollywood movies on the tv? U just gotta try Bombay..
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,5/16/2012,197,592,10,9,6>Part of me really wanted to save my initial visit to this restaurant for dinner, mainly because of everyone here repeatedly chanting " MO FON GO... MO FON GO..." like a bunch of excited yelper monkeys.  Well, that's how it worked itself out in my head, anyway.  Curiosity got the best of me as it so often does, and I came in for lunch, the melodic mofongo yelper chant ringing in my ears the whole time.Of course, I can't get that for lunch.  I wanted a sandwich.  Well, when it comes to sandwiches, "descriptive" this menu is not. The description of one sandwich says "Ham."  That's it.  Another says "Pork".  Yet another one says "Midnight".Okay, color me intrigued.  The description of this sandwich contains only the word "Midnight", just a direct translation of the name of the sandwich, the "Media Noche" and nothing more. I asked the waitress what was in it, and after hitting a language barrier trying to explain that I didn't want it, just wanted to know what was in it, she started listing the contents in Spanish. Luckily I got the gist by sweeping away the brain-cobwebs that had settled over the four years of Spanish I took in high school and remembering some vocabulary.  Instead I opted for the "Tripleta", containing ham, beef and pork (the stuff vegan nightmares are made of) with some cheese and a tomato sauce in a pressed sandwich.Not a complicated sandwich, but it was a good size and the taste was excellent.  The beef part had grill lines and a subtle but distinct hint of charcoal to it that gives the sandwich a homemade, roadside stand sort of feel.  Very well done.No sides come with the sandwich, and though at first I was a little disturbed by that, by the time I had finished it I really couldn't care less.Overall it was 4+ stars trending toward 5.  I still plan on coming back for the mofongo because the yelper monkeys are in my brain.  How could I not try it with this many great reviews?!MO FON GO.... MO FON GO....
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,5/15/2012,206,163,8,14,11>"Thank you; see you tomorrow!"Those of you who have been here before know exactly what I'm talking about!! For those of you who have never been here before....read on. The place is extremely hidden. How hidden? Well, when you reach the intersection of Colonial and Mills, you can park right behind the many Vietnemese shops. And when you park out back, there is a walk way that will lead you through a hallway (Yes, you will see the light at the end of the tunnel) that will allow you to cut through and reach Colonial. But if you're anything like me and very directionally challenged, there is a sign amongst the plants and bushes pointing you to their door. Walking in there isn't much. Not really any seating so I recommend getting your bahn mi to go. But the best part is that their menu is simple. Just pick a number, pay an aaaHHHhhhmazing $3 and when you're about to leave, the nice lady strongly announces, "Thank you, see you tomorrow!". So, how does one respond to that? "Well sure I'll see you tomorrow!!" and follow up with some friendly laughs and make a concerted effort to come back and give her a visit even if it's not "tomorrow". Their combination was tasty but their grilled pork still holds up to being the best sandwich in my opinion. So, if you're still reading this, you need to stop and hurry on down to get your bahn mi on yo!!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,5/14/2012,141,222,7,10,9>LOVE IT LOVE IT!Twice I said it! With capslock and everything!The chicken souvlaki is flavorful and filling. I had a side of black bean salad which was kind of "blew my mind" good. So many individual and distinct flavors that go so well together. Neither overpowering the other. The service was incredibly friendly. Pretty sure it's a family run biz and it really shows. They are so nice!Now I have to go back and try all their other stuff...
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,5/13/2012,86,62,5,13,7>When making a mental highlight reel of the year, A Day Away has been featured in ours for 3 straight years. Last night, another entry was made.When my girlfriend and I first started dating she told me about an oddity in Puerto Rico she longed to see. A bio-luminescent bay where the water glows bright with every movement. Nearly a year into our relationship she happened upon a news story about this very same phenomena happening nearby, in Merritt Island. Now, three trips under our belt, this is not an experience I will skip as long as I live in Florida. The bio tour is entirely what this review is for.Every movement in the water makes the liquid appear to glow. Thanks to the bacteria, motion is your brush and the water is your palette. Strokes of the oar look like bright pulses and schools of fishing look like laser beam blasts. You can even use your hand to practically draw on the water like a sparkler in the air. Get to one of the brighter areas, and if you grab a handful of water and raise it up, the water will bead down your arm, like glowing hot metal. For whatever reason, Merritt Island is the only place you will find this in the continential United States.It's a different experience every year, and unfortunately, as the tour guides will tell you, they can't turn on the bioluminescence with a switch. There are a few things to do to help your chances of a great night. Avoid June and October and hit the months in between. Since those are the tail ends of the summer heat, the happening is likely to be weaker. The warmer the water, the more vivid the bio. We've gone in mid-September, early October, and now the very end of July. Overall, the brightest it's been for us was the September trip. After you pick a month, you'll need to pick a day based on the moon phase calendar. This is listed on their website, and should not be ignored. They do not run this particular tour during full moons, as the blacker the sky, the better the bio. This also lends to the most beautiful and clear night skies I've seen anywhere, ever.It sucks, but also be ready for disappointment as nature is finicky. Our first year, the glow was bright and everywhere. The softest ripple or wind blow would cause a reaction, and the fish were plentiful. We went to an early launch and watched dolphin and manatee as the sun went down. While that first year has yet to be beat in terms of what was to be seen, our other experiences have still been amazing. Your memories will be all you'll leave with, as the bioluminescence can not be picked up by cameras or film. So frustrating!I've heard of people going off on their own and others going with different tour groups, but honestly I don't think I would do other. The A Day Away people are always professional, friendly, and from my understanding (I could be wrong) they have special privileges to that launch site. Some friends went with another group recently and saw no bio at all. It could have been due to the weather, the time of the year, or the location, but after joining us last night one guy said the two experiences did not compare.If you end up going, make sure to follow their directions to get to the launch site and not those from Google Maps. Give yourself plenty of time or you WILL be late and you will miss your launch, and the last thing you want is to miss your trip. Well, I guess the last thing you would want is to be attacked by a gator-elephant-man hybrid with a taste for fresh human skin. That probably won't happen.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,5/12/2012,631,1145,1,6,5>This gorgeous park is a hidden secret in south Orlando. Take Orange Avenue south then hang a right on Holden to find this serene place. There are beautiful oaks, pines and cypress trees along with open grassy spaces. The lake is gorgeous and there are several nice places to sit and enjoy the view. I'd been to a wedding here some time back and had forgotten about the place until I recently revisited. There are places to jog, bathrooms and playgrounds. The only interruption to the peace is the occasional train that rumbles by. My son LOVED that, of course!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/11/2012,235,176,6,10,9>Yes. I five-starred this. And this place deserves hundreds of reviews.Listen. This place is far away from me and I never get to eat there. So I am telling you: please go and try it. Eat their food for me. They have the best beef "stew" type dish that I've probably ever had. So flavorful and so tender. Good GRIEF. And move over guacamole because Tu Casa has a rich avocado salad. Huge, melt-in-your-mouth chunks of avocado. When I think about the fake guacamole-in-a-can that some places offer, it just makes me cringe.Arroz con guandules? They have that. Verdict? The best. My perfect meal is the beef stew, arroz con guandules, and avocado salad. The sauce from the beef stew gets underneath the rice and shall I say... bam? BAM!I can truly say this is my favorite Latin food in Orlando. The craziest part? This food is priced so low. It's unbelievable how much food you get for the price. And everyone who works there always has a smile on their face. Go visit those lovely ladies (and the few gents) and show them some love. Warning though: during lunch there will be a long line. If at all possible go visit them a little later. Then you'll get to eat faster. :)Also I completely agree with Traveler F."There is a genuine Dominican feel all around. It is happy, festive, and invigorating. Just like dinner at someone's home."Fine words, Traveler F. I raise you two avocado salads.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,5/10/2012,121,263,,9,6>This is a great trail for running, biking, roller blading, walking, strollers, etc.  You can rent bikes at many of the stations, including Winter Garden (mile 5) and Kilarney (mile 0).  In the area that I frequent, there are stations at mile 0, 5, and 7, with drinking fountains at 0, 3, 5, and 7.  The fountains at 0 and 7 are MUCH colder and tastier, very important for summertime activities.  Make plans to stop in Winter Garden (mile 4.5) for ice cream, Saturday morning farmer's market, kids fun fountain, shopping, bike shops, breakfast, french bakery, bars, etc.  At Kilarney (mile 0) the trail continues westward to Lake Minneola/Clermont, it just has a different name because it has turned into Lake County.  There's also a spur that goes up to the National Training Center (NTC).  The most popular section for runners is mile 0 to 5 between Kilarney and Winter Garden.  West of Kilarney, it gets much more hilly, it's scenic but tough on the legs.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/9/2012,304,661,2,9,6>Hubby and I ventured here for dinner this weekend, his choice for a B'day dinner. He was very excited to order the linguine and white clam sauce for himself, after sampling mine on our last visit. Our server was Nick, who was very friendly and went out of his way to make our night enjoyable. He walked us through the daily specials and took the time to point out some new offerings on the menu. We were hooked by his enthusiasm for the fried ravioli that was the appetizer special. (He had just sampled it prior to opening,) I ordered the Lobster capellini, which was a new menu item and hubby went for the the linguine with clams.The app arrived, it was a tower of crusted ravioli in a delicious red pepper, onion and tomato sauce with capers. The vibrant flavors of the sauce complimented the cheese filled ravioli. (pic) I should note, that the ravioli were crispy and not the least bit oily. We would order this starter again and hope it's available on our next visit. My lobster capellini was delicious, the sauce was reminiscent of a vodka sauce, there was a slight creaminess to the tomato sauce. It was delish; nicely appointed with garlic, shaved parm and succulent Maine lobster claws. (pic) The capellini was cooked perfectly. Hubby was thrilled with his linguine, I sampled a bite of his and the pasta was once again, tasty and filled with fresh tender clams and garlic. (pic) There was a slight bit of heat from the red chili's this go around that we both loved. After the hubby sampled my capellini, we couldn't decide which we entree liked better and may just have to order and split them in the future, as they both were so flavorful and yummy!We did miss the amazing garlic bread this visit. They've changed their bread basket to fresh kalamata olive bread and also sundried tomato bread with a small dish of cumin spiced eggplant spread. It was fine, but we hope that amazing garlic bread comes back!Nick took wonderful care of us and we enjoyed chatting with him throughout our evening. At the end of the meal, he brought a Birthday cheesecake slice out to the hubby. (pic) While NY style, this was a lighter and creamy cheesecake- not too dense and thick. Hubby was very happy, and completely stuffed. On our way out, we bumped into friends who were on their way to Nick's. We recommended our meals and our server, Nick. Our friends asked to be seated in Nick's section and we were told their dining experience was just as tasty and enjoyable. Already looking forward to our next trip back to Nick's Italian Kitchen!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,5/8/2012,71,103,2,10,7>Words are not enough to describe how awesome Walid is! His whole hearted approach to customer service and genuine appreciation for patrons business is more than enough to warrant this place as everyone's go to gyro place for all Orlando folks! Aside from the awesome owner the food is absolutely FANTASTIC! I was just in Greece over the summer and I'm not gonna lie...this place puts some of the original countries foods to shame! I can't believe how lucky we are to have such a place this tasty and generous right in our city! I am always going in starving and coming out absolutely STUFFED!Do not let the ambiance fool you! This small humble deli will blow you away with the service and taste of it phenomenal food!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,5/7/2012,93,108,1,10,6>This place has only been open for about a month, but after checking out their website, I was dying to try it, so I went last Friday night. I'm so glad we did! The owners and staff are really friendly and just happened to be having a party that night, which we were invited to join. The space has a cool, funky vibe, but without any carpet or anything, it does tend to get quite loud in there. My husband and I ordered the bean dip, falafel wrap, and beef kebobs... all delicious! I love that they have a good vegetarian (and vegan and raw and gluten-free!) menu while also offering some meat items as well (for my hubby!). Since we were lucky enough to be there during the party, I also go to try an amazing raw vegan raspberry beet cheesecake and their raw apple pie. I can't wait to go back to try their raw wraps!*Note: they only accept credit cards (which was fine by me since I never carry any cash!)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,11/3/2011,333,174,5,6,7>I like having my epidermis massaged! There, I said it!This is a one stop shop, beauty-wise, for any woman in the Orlando area. If you're living here and you haven't bothered to stop in, you're doing yourself a huge disservice.  Sure, it looks like someone threw up a ton of Pepto Bismol but I happen to find the pink very cute and girlie, which is okay every once in a while. The staff is genuine and extremely helpful, no fake smiles here! I happened to score an awesome deal from Living Social for a "swiss miss" Swedish massage for $29 and I wish I had purchased more. The room was very posh. Soothing background music, a pink chandelier, and artwork decorated the walls. Dwayne, my masseuse, had an extremely bubbly personality and seemed to work all the knots out of my back. After my 50 minutes was over, he handed me a cute little tumbler filled with water. He emphasized the importance of hydrating and seemed happy that I felt better. I guess my knots were bigger than I thought. Oh, stress!I noticed that they offer a Membership Program ($49/month) which includes:+ Choice of a When In Doubt Facial, Swiss Miss Massage, or Basic Mani/Pedi+ Each additional service (from above) is $39.95 during the month+ Member only parties held seasonally+ 15% off enhancements, upgrades, and waxing+ 15% off boutique items and skincare products+ special member only pricing on all shelves I didn't get a chance to partake in any of their other services, but I'll definitely be back in the near future.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,11/1/2011,363,344,4,8,4>Ill Keep this review short and sweet.  The ambiance is nice.  I was the first one in, when the doors opened at 5pm for happy hour.  Took a seat at the bar.  I looked around and saw modern dark colors with red drapes and flat screen tvs. The place is nice and spacious.  My server was Micheline and she was quite attentive.  I asked her if her or the other bartender were familiar with the Gainesville location and she said she hadn't been there personally, but that some of the staff that works in the kitchen here, moved down from Gainesville to open this place.  I had the California Sawbuck Malbec wine with the Krispy Krunch roll and the Spicy Tuna.  The red wine was nice and smooth and exceptionally good in my opinion. The sushi rolls were pretty good as well.  I've had better sushi before, but this sushi was definitely up to par.  Service was good, as I was addressed by my name toward the end of my dining experience which shows she cares about her job enough to remember names.  I can't imagine how packed this place must be on Friday and Saturday nights.  A girl at the bar on her computer on a skype date leads me to believe that there is wi-fi there. But don't take my word for it.  Go yourself, and enjoy that sweet $6 happy hour special with select rolls, wines, and cocktails. Happy eating my fellow yelpers!.........So much for short and sweet...haha
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,10/31/2011,100,218,3,7,4>Anatolia has been open for more than a year but today I visited for the first time.  Oh, how I regret having wasted the past twelve months on other, lesser venues!  Anatolia offers Turkish cuisine that is, for the most part, very similar to the Lebanese cuisine served across Sand Lake Road at Cedar's, but Anatolia is so much better! I visited today with fellow Yelper Aaron F.  We started our meal with the cold appetizer sampler (5 cold apps for $21). We chose (i) hummus (the best I have ever had . . . . anywhere), (ii) tabbouleh (a very traditional tabbouleh and one that was very heavy on the parsley . . . too heavy for my tastes but I am beginning to think my Mom makes a uniquely bulgar heavy version), (iii) a smoked eggplant salad which was very good and wonderfully balanced with fresh dill, (iv) excellent stuffed grape leaves, and (v) haydari, a creamy blend of yogurt, spinach, walnuts and dill.  The platter was served with a lot of fresh vegetables and we added a lavas.  All of it was outstanding but the haydari was revelation and it confirmed that there are amazing foods to be discovered even if you have eaten a lot of different foods over the years.  Had there been a multi-gallon vat of haydari, I would have eaten all of it and still begged for more.  Props to our server for recommending it.I ordered a felafel wrap--not that I really needed more food after our appetizers--and was thrilled with its size and freshness.  The felafel was flavorful and had a great texture without being overly heavy or fried. It was wrapped in a fresh lavas that was also stuffed with fresh vegetables.  Tahini, which was good but unremarkable, was served on the side--a much better way to present it.  The felafel also came with a salad and an outstanding bowl of vegetarian lentil soup.I will let Aaron F. tell readers about his meal--heaven forbid I should put words in his mouth!  I can confirm, however, that Anatolia has quickly risen to a very lofty status in my esteem.  Great food. Great value. Great ambiance. Great and attentive staff. I will return soon, and often!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,10/30/2011,59,73,2,3,4>I love it when a reputation is backed up by an amazing culinary experience. The Ravenous Pig in Winter Park does not disappoint. It was not the first time and definitely not the last. The meal was top notch and the seats at the chef's counter were lively and entertaining. There was only one way to end the evening; dessert. After some debate over the whoopie pies and the seasonal tart, I went with the custard. Described as vanilla bean crème caramel, stone fruit compote, and Florida honey tuile , this was music in my mouth. Perfection, really. To my eye at first, I though, oh a flan. But was I wrong. It was the perfect creamy custard as a slight chill.  It was a melt in your mouth type of a thing and I could not get enough. The stix on top added to the lovely presentation and unfortunately for me, I had to share. The honey caramel was also not overly sweet and all the ingredients just added to each other.  Damn good Petrakises, damn good.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/29/2011,178,174,8,11,8>Located in the heart of Downtown Sanford (no really, they have a downtown area), this restaurant is something EVERY beer lover should experience.  The atmosphere is really what makes this place so worth the trip to Sanford.  The owners can be seen throughout the night serving boots and hanging out with the customers.  The band plays lots traditional and non-traditional (Hava Nagila?) German music at full volume.  You can tell that everyone is there to have a good time.The food is ridiculously good, probably because it's all really unhealthy.  I've tried the sausages, schnitzel, and potato pancakes - all have been delicious.  My favorite so far is the schnitzel covered in a mushroom gravy.  The sauce elevates the schnitzel near-perfection.  So grab a group of friends, order a few boots of beer*, and gorge yourself on sausage and schnitzel.  *Here are the rules of the boot:1.  You must have at least four people to order the 2L and five people to order the 3L.2.  You CANNOT let the boot touch the table until it's done.3.  You should have a DD, because one boot is never enough.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,10/28/2011,24,55,3,5,4>This place rocks.The furniture and decor are kinda 70's.  Reminds me of the 70's theaters I went when I was little that were already starting to crumble and settle into a cool vibe.Food's a little crusty.. kinda like bowling alley food.  but the BBQ chicken nachos thing works for me.   You just have to suspend any food and beer snobbery and enjoy the availability of what they have.  There's a character to it.  Along with the modest beer selection is also a 3/4 pitcher limit per person.. but I'm fine with that....because I've never had annoying experience with the audiences here...lest putting this commendation out in the universe will cause some noisy poopnugget to befall my next experience.In 2011 I don't normally bother to go to the theater for first run stuff.. but I love it when something cool is playing here.. cuz I'll actually go and its just around the corner.  Staff has always been super cool as well....and they have a tiiiite sign out front now.. and a little 3rd theater that feels like you're at some rich person's house watching a film.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,10/27/2011,122,205,5,7,7>On a whim, I went to the Red Fox Lounge one weekend with some friends who suggested going there.  I had never heard of the place and had no idea what I was getting myself into!!  I have to say, when I first arrived at the hotel that the lounge was in, I was a bit skeptical!  I was thinking to myself "what am I doing at a hotel?" "this can't be any fun" and boy was I wrong!  I had such a great time there!  The lounge is small, so a table is hard to come by if you have a large group so reserving a table beforehand is always a good idea.Mark and Lorna are an older couple that play oldie songs at this lounge.  Mark wears crazy shiny shirts with tight pants and plays the keyboard while Lorna wears tight dresses and sings/plays the tambourine.  They also pass out tambourines to people who want to play along with them!  You can also get up and dance.I think you need a sense of humor going to this lounge....otherwise you might feel out of place or just think the music/ambiance is terrible!  It's a great place to go sing along with the music, dance, have some good drinks, and laugh with friends!  I certainly plan on going back!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,10/26/2011,171,134,4,5,6>Build your own gourmet burger! This simple concept in a kinda-hip-but-not-trying-too-hard setting really works. Initially, we had a tough time deciding on ingredients, as every selection looked equally good. You have options to choose the bun, meat, cheese (brie and gruyere included, excellent!), sauces/spreads, veggies, and extras like applewood smoked bacon or avocado, or you may order one of the combos off the back if you aren't feeling particularly decisive on your own. My fellow diner made the very interesting selection of an Angus burger with brie on an English muffin with a fried egg on top. Sounds bizarre, looked really good, and was apparently delicious, as the plate was totally clean by meal's end. I picked out a burger topped with gruyere and a ton of extras and also nearly licked my plate clean. Make sure you get an order of the fried pickles - they're thinly sliced, not overly coated with breading, and some of the best I've had anywhere.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,10/25/2011,469,289,,14,10>Amidst the hustle and bustle of downtown Orlando off of Church street lies The Rusty Spoon. I walked in and sat up at the bar on a  Saturday afternoon to find out the place is not rusty nor shaped like a spoon. I think the name reflects old school, classic American dishes with a new farm to table approach and a new style twist. The place is very roomy and clean with a lot of windows for people watching.Now I want to talk about some of the comments already listed about this establishment before I go any further. These are comments in reviews that some of my yelp friends have made and I want to update everyone. . * Fruit Flies are not a problem and no longer there  - my guess is that they got a box with an infected fruit or veggie, it's fairly common, and if you aren't using pesticides and are really going organic, this can happen easily. They are gone - problem solved. * The Bartender -  I don't think he means to come off as a hard seller, I agree he is a very nice guy and I can see that some people may read him high on the BS meter but  he loves working there, steered us in the right direction, even if he did use words like this is the best in Orlando, but that is his opinion and I'm fine with that.Now back to my review. :)We sat up at the bar and the bartender was nice and friendly.  We ordered beer on tap - Jai alai. Since the bartender raved about the burger I ordered the 55 Burger medium rare. If you are going to order a juicy burger you  also hope that the bun holds up. You don't want your bun to disintegrate between your fingers right after the first bite.  Not to squishy, too sloppy, sloshy wet. This bun worked perfectly. This is a messy burger, so any idea of eating it daintily is thrown out the window. Ask for a few cocktail napkins.  My approach was to cut the sucker in half that way I would have a bit more control. The 55 is a 1/2 lb of Grass-Fed Beef Stuffed with Bacon & Gruyere, Smothered with Onions, Aioli, House-made Pickles on a Soft Roll.Bacon was delicious the Gruyere melted beautifully and gave a really light cheese taste to it but with all the creaminess. I really loved the house made pickles, they taste like the ones we have done at home from our garden. Those pickles are a delight. I even had to take one of the burger and eat it by itself. The burger comes with haystack fries. You know what these are, little tiny thin fries but the rusty spoon does more; they add some rosemary and Parmesan to the mix. They also make their own ketchup.  It's not vinegar based but it's a nice and refreshing take. Tomatoey - galicy kind for vibe to it. I liked it but it you like ketchup just ask for a bottle. My husband had the Pork Town Club; a sandwich made of Virginia Ham, Bacon, Local Tomatoes & Pickles with Mustard Aioli on Toasted Pumpernickel.The ham was cooked on premises and the bacon was made at the restaurant as well he loved the sandwich  but thought the pumpernickel was the wrong bread choice. He agreed with me about the pickles. We had a great time here and enjoyed it. It's still pretty new so maybe they have some kinks to work out but I think if they keep up with the house made items and getting the food from local farmers, and keep it fresh with some new items and and and and...We'd have a great local spot downtown to be proud of.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,10/24/2011,41,95,3,5,4>Ooh I think we found a hot dog place we'll be visiting more often.Jazzy Dog is a smaller cafe located right across the street from the Amtrak Station on a quiet street (at least, when we came it was a Saturday afternoon and seemed dead).  The inside is filled with bar stools and table tops, so you'll have somewhere to sit.What we liked about it is how friendly the staff behind the counter were, welcoming us as soon as we walked through the door and directing us to the menus so we can see what they have.They make the food right in front of you - nothing is prepped ahead of time to ensure that your food is fresh and the quality is first.  They have a wide variety of hot dogs to choose from - toppings galore.  There should be something to please any hot dog connoisseur (I had to Google that spelling :D).  They also have burgers, ice cream, and even bought a $10k coffee machine which the owner (or manager) was raving about.That's another think I liked about this visit.  We walked in right after a rush (apparently they get rushes every time a train stops at the station from travelers) so it was a bit hectic behind the counter.  But as soon as it died down, the manager came right out and apologized if they were a little slow with the service, explaining about the rushes (we felt there was no inconvenience, and thought the service was great).   He asked if we were from around town, and said to come back and try all the other hot dogs.  I'm looking forward to their newest creation - The Redneck Dog.  It's topped with Pulled Pork, Chili, Bacon, Coleslaw, and Hot Sauce.  OMG SOUNDS GOOD!Overall, a wonderful experience and great food.  I'll definitely be a returning customer as I do love my hot dogs.  Close to home, friendly staff, good food.  'Nuff Said
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,4/3/2012,67,382,5,4,2>Best Cuban I've had in Orlando hands down! Inexpensive, yet has huge portions. The Pernil (pork) was excellent- mine wasn't at all dry like another reviewer's.  Lobster was probably frozen, but hey- it was tasty, and came with rice, red beans, tostones, and a salad, all for 21 bucks. So, are we going back? You betcha!  Our goal? Get the people here to recognize us as Regulars and become Yelp Dukes, or something like that, here. If you can't find something to like at this restaurant, you're probably dead.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,4/2/2012,156,155,,4,4>I just returned from Yelp event here and am SO PUMPED up that I wanted to write about it immediately.I'll start by saying that Jeff and his team are phenomenal! The space is a huge warehouse space with a room of mats for sparring and floor work...and the different rooms with real living space set up, like a bedroom, living room, kitchen, office. In three hours I learned several moves...a few will actually stick, and I feel so much more confident.  The teaching is very hands on, practical...and the instructors are unassuming and engaging.  I saw an 88-pound girl take out a 6'10 guy with 2 moves.  THAT'S NO JOKE!Jeff was a professional stunt man and has choreographed many stunts on shows including the New Charlie's Angels and I think Burn Notice...check this place out.They're good people doing a good thing.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,4/1/2012,359,280,7,7,4>Before jumping into the details of this wonderful arepa I will like to make you aware that this is a cash only zone and no matter what arepa you get this will be $5 flat fee. With this in mind you might as well get an arepa that consist of every topping and get your well moneys worth unless you have a few nit pickings here and there. Just do your own thing in that case.-The everything arepa consist of two round crispy arepas filled with a mountain load of toppings inside. The arepa is steaming and is literally melting all the queso blanco (Venezuela white cheese) due to all the shredded chicken, beef, and shrimp. The chicken is very moist and seems to be flavored with salzon, it's just so good. The shrimp is just a tease itself  thrown in the mix. The addicting portion of the arepa seems to be the creamy garlic sauce and the cilantro mayo which tag team with the potato salad inside. Gosh I can't get enough of that gouda cheese along with the queso blanco. The warm combination of cheesy, creamy, crunchy, and moist is enough to make this food truck a neck breaker. All the tender moments shared with this arepa are enjoyable. I get on man vs food mode towards the end since it's loaded!- Be aware although this is sodium glorified there is a benefit other than being tasty goodness. This is also an ultimate liquor sponge to zap one back into sober world! -Be prepared, make sure you are carrying napkins because these arepas are known to pee on you meaning the grease/ sauce/ chicken juice/ or whatever will come out if turned at a 120 degrees angle. Yikes this can get messy and your shirt might enjoy the dripping sauces. -Don't forgot to grab a can of an ice cold postobon (Colombian apple soda) to accompany your arepa. Yum!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,3/31/2012,131,243,7,5,3>Fantastic remod, great food/svc, serious lunch value UP TO 3:30 even on Sat., and now, a loyalty prog.?  What's to NOT like!(THERE: who says I can't write short reviews - I coulda TWEETED that.  In fact, I think I WILL!  They're at @Bayridge_Sushi)
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,3/30/2012,20,60,2,7,3>Wonderful steak flavor at a lowish price! I give it a 5 stars on food and value, 4 on service, and 3 on ambiance.That said, it is my my absolute go-to steak place when I get the fever.It is not, like some great steakhouses, a place with 3 forks, high-folded napkin, a sommelier, etc. Our party of four geezers went here for my 65th birthday (including, Godblessim, my 90 year-old  FIL, who is in better shape than I am.) This was our second visit.The 5 star food and value: I had a perfectly cooked, (med-rare) and deep flavored rib-eye. You just can't get that flavor in your back-yard grill. The included salad was cold and crispy with a nice bleu-cheese dressing. The included baked potato was perfect.The blackened snapper was reported as delicious, the eggplant parmesan as well.The Hawaiian chicken, however, was dry and tough. Onion soup was average good, but the coconut shrimp appetizer was great. We avoided the house wine and went with a low priced domestic cab, which was fine. I don't recall the name of the dessert we shared, but it was great, along with the coffee. Total bill for 4, before tip and senior discount, was about $160. I believe that's at least 30% less than the other good Orlando steakhouses.     The 4 star service: Our waitress was busy, but did a fine job, considering. She was friendly and knowledgeable. I did need to reminder her, again, that I was a brand new 65 year-old and thus entitled to my 12% discount on my entree, along with my FIL. The 3 star ambiance:Absolutely nothing wrong with the ambiance, but it doesn't have that "special occasion" look. Our table/booth, in a corner near the entrance, was very quiet which we greatly enjoyed.  I would give it 4.5 stars if I could. Overall it was an excellent dining experience for us. So congrats to Linda's for keeping it simple and doing it well!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/29/2012,119,305,,4,3>Best Asian food I've had in Orlando yet. Period. First of all, a tip for all of you Yelpers with a Yelp app on your smartphone...we checked in and got free spring rolls! You show the screen on your phone with the details to your server and voila, free vegetable spring rolls. Yelping has never tasted so good. Second, this place has great prices with excellent portions. For $37, including tax and tip, we had: Steamed dumplingsHong Kong Wonton SoupVegetable Springrolls5 Spice Calamari2 orders of Pad Thai with chicken, shrimp, and eggNothing I saw was more expensive than $6.50, which is amazing. We were like kids in a candy store trying different dishes and not being terribly concerned over price. And for the price, the portions are impressive. The small plates are great for two, and some of the bigger dishes like the Pad Thai are plenty of food for an entree size. The dumplings and the pad thai were really of note. They were both delicious and I would have those again for sure. Service was good and we were seated pretty quickly for a busy Saturday night. Our server was friendly and helpful, although at times I was confused because it didn't seem like she understood that we weren't going to order six plates immediately. Eventually she understood that we were going to order two things at a time and go from there and it was fine. There was one occasion where we got our plates at different times, but such is life. We really enjoyed the experience and will definitely come back.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,3/28/2012,78,139,,4,4>One of the best places in Orlando to get a french press coffee. Amazing! Never lets me down. I love the ambiance and calm that surrounds this little coffee shop. I love supporting non profits, good coffee and a great place to work. The wifi is free and the coffee/goodies are by donation. Do yourself a favor pay more than usual to support this little coffee shop so it will stay in business.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,3/27/2012,398,313,5,4,5>Phenomenal burgers!  I'm not even sure you can call them burgers; it's more like an event!  Thanks to my friends for introducing this Brazilian gem located in the touristy side of Orlando to me!  I now have a favorite burger place in Orlando.  I honestly think they should change the name of this place to PAO GASTOSO BURGERS (oh and by the way, we bake too no biggie!)OR BRAZILIAN BURGER DELICIOUSNESS IN YO MOUF! Okay, maybe those weren't the best ideas for a new name, but you catch my drift, right?  Anyways, let me tell you about this monster I had the pleasure of devouring:It had a juicy piece of beef, tender grilled piece of chicken, roasted succulent sausage, mouthwatering ham, two strips of heavenly bacon, a fried egg, corn, tomatoes, lettuce wrapped between two sweet hamburger buns and topped with fried potato straws and then wrapped with foil so it doesn't escape.  ALL OF THAT IN ONE PHENOMENAL BURGER!  SERIOUSLY?!?!  I have no idea how they fit all of those ingredients in there, and I'm not one to complain!  I now have cravings every hour on the hour for this place.  I uploaded a picture of them for you all to drool over.Side note:  They also have a bakery inside with decent offerings.  Didn't get to try it because of the mammoth sized burger I ingested, but baby, there's always next time ;)
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,3/26/2012,48,242,3,4,4>Don't hate me, but I don't like philly cheese steaks, so when my friend said she wanted to have lunch here, I was praying they had other menu items. And they did! Subs. I love subs, so I ordered a simple ham sub, size medium. This was probably the best sub I've ever had in my life. They pack SO much meat on it, it's literally busting out. This place spanks any other sub shop-they are a little more expensive, but I could barely eat a half of the medium sub. I live across town, so it's unfortunate I can't go here more, but if I'm ever in the area for lunch -I'll probably hit this place up.They have outdoor seating (dog friendly).Only minus, which isn't really a minus, is that it takes a little bit for the subs to be ready. It sucks if you're REALLY hungry, but it's worth the wait.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,3/25/2012,204,152,,5,5>Four stars for the atmosphere and the cooked food. I didn't love the sushi. Such a cool place! Very trendy Japanese pop culture inspired atmosphere with Japanese Anime playing on the TVs and waitresses dressed in PJs and Hello Kitty. The avocado shrimp cocktail was amazing. Like a caprese salad with grilled shrimp. They have beer, wine and sake drinks. The sakitinis are pretty good. I tried the mango and raspberry. I also had the miso clams and grilled shishito peppers. Everything was yummy. For dessert, the PBJ sorbet is cool to watch being made but did not live up to it's hype in taste. The P.M.S. (peanut butter, molten chocolate, salted caramel ice cream) is delish though! All in all, very fun place.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,2/3/2011,86,116,3,7,4>Ok, so I don't feel like I can express how amazing this place is in a review. I've tried to find a sandwich here that doesn't completely wow me or make me want to eat slower so I can savor every bite, but it doesn't exist.  All of the food here is amazing, the people are friendly and has a great atmosphere. Oh yea... they also have tea here.  -24 hours on Friday and Sat. Check it out!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,2/2/2011,93,108,3,5,4>Why did I not find this place earlier?! It's a super chill bar with a ton of pros:- You can get yummy pizza delivered from Social Chameleon (same owners, yay!)- Good beer selection (my friend's husband has been looking for one in particular and this is the first place in Orlando that he's found it!)- Lots of board games (we played several rounds of Scattergories and the world's longest game of Uno! Though I wonder where people would play Twister... they have two of those here which makes me think maybe they do push the tables aside once in a while to have tournaments?!)- Cool local art- And my fav part, a no smoking policy!! I'll definitely be going more often and you should too =)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,2/1/2011,60,246,1,7,5>I went out to dinner with some classmates to Korea House, a Korean restaurant in Longwood, FL. Although I had never heard of the place, and was not too familiar with the area; when I arrived I realized I had been to the shopping plaza before and had eaten at the restaurant next door named Ali Baba's. I ordered vegetable and bulgogi bim bim bap, which must be the national dish of Korea, as it is very tasty and easy to make! Bim bim bap is a Korean dish with many layers served in a large ceramic, stone or metal bowl, it can be served hot or cold. The first layer is freshly steamed rice, and on top of that steamed or raw vegetables thinly sliced and arranged in small groups in a circular pattern, on top of the veggies. Meat, tofu, or fish will be placed atop the vegetables, and then on top of that as a garnish sesame seeds, seaweed strips, or even a raw or fried egg will be placed. I ordered mine hot with golgi (beef), and it came in a still sizzling stone bowl which kept cooking the rice at the bottom of the bowl to yummy nutty flavor. The dish was simple and excellent! Also, as was typical for most restaurants I encountered in Korea our dishes were served with various accompaniments including: marinated black beans, two styles of kimchi, marinated bok choy, sautéed tofu, and cellophane noodles. Everything was delicious, and the wait staff was very nice even though I used my broken Korean!I will definitely have to take the husband to this place and try their seafood pancake, Korean BBQ, and some very yummy stews I saw my friends order!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,1/31/2011,89,71,3,5,4>There's always been something about this place that makes me think twice about going inside. I think I had a bad experience here (when it was Maryland Fried Chicken) when I was a child. But thanks to the consistent great reviews from trusting yelpers, I convinced myself it'd be ok. I came for breakfast at 10:30 am, I'm pretty sure breakfast is served all day. The two young girls running the place were welcoming & friendly. I immediately decided on the western omelet. Cherry peppers for breakfast?! Genius. Seriously. And rye bread?! Ah. Im a big fan of rye, usually as a sandwich or a side for dinner. I have honestly never considered it or breakfast, & it was awesome. To me, nothing about the menu, or decor screamed Cuban. But I kind of think that's a good thing. Prices are perfect, a few choices under $4! Holy coffeeee. It's soooo good! Wish they had a drive thru for my daily coffee needs. Without the cherry peppers, my omelet would've been a standard "IHOP omelet" but it was great. The coffee will keep me coming back for sure. So glad this is nearby. My only complaint which is beyond staff control was the giant table behind me overstuffed with loud hillbillies. It was amusing for a minute because after they sat down & got all loud, people actually got up & moved their party to another table (food, drinks & everything!) not like it mattered, this is a small joint inside. Im glad I fought my fear & finally tried this out! Yay!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,1/29/2011,48,313,2,4,4>I've been to The Ravenous Pig a few times now, and each time has been a vastly different experience - but all in a good way.  Our first visit was for a birthday on a Saturday night. I don't remember a lot of details due to the amount of alcohol imbibed, but I know I had the pub burger, and I remember it being absolutely delicious. I also remember everyone raving about their food.My second visit (this one, without my wife) was for one of the pig roasts. For $20, you get a small plate of ribs, collard greens, some black eyed peas, a piece of cornbread, a small dessert and a choice of beer or soda. A pretty great deal - but the ribs are a little on the small side. I know it's kind of implied being a pig roast - but there is no alternative option for non-meat-eaters. I'm not sure the kitchen is serving anything else during the roasts.Our visit last night was a belated birthday dinner for myself. They're closed on Sunday and Monday, so we had to put off dinner there until they were open. I asked a friend who dines there regularly if he thought I needed reservations for a weeknight. He said no. He was wrong. We showed up at about 7pm. The hostess told us the dining room was booked until 8:30pm, but we could sit at the open seating bar and still eat off the full menu. There were, however, no seats left. We stood at the side for a few moments deciding what to do. I guess the hostess saw how dejected we looked and took pity on us. She squeezed us in at a small table.The menu changes from time to time, but they seem to have at least a few items that are mainstays. While I loved the burger before, I wanted to try something different. I went with the steak frites, while my wife got the swordfish.  Of course, we started off with the gruyere biscuits and ordered a couple of drinks to go with it all. I had a "Old Fashioned" which is a bacon infused bourbon with a bacon garnish. My wife ordered a bloody mary, which our waitress said was very tomatoe-y and made with some sort of pickled fruit.The "Old Fashioned" was good, tasting mostly of the orange. The bloody mary - not so good. The waitress said, when she brought it, that it seemed to have been made different tonight. Barely any tomato taste and woefully unseasoned. The biscuits were extra cheesey though - and delicious.Our entrees arrived. They looked fabulous. The steak was cooked perfectly and tasted great. The truffle fries were a bit salty, but we still could have eaten another order of them. My wife enjoyed her swordfish, but felt there were too many vegetables for the plate. A manager walking by asked her for her thoughts as it was a new dish and they were still testing it.We didn't order dessert, but as we paid, the waitress said not to go anywhere, and returned with two half-bite size morsels of dessert - a peanut butter brownie. So, if everything was so great - why only 4 stars? I debated this for a long time last night - and the fact is that while it's all delicious and the service is great, it still feels expensive for what you get. Our bill came out to $80 last night, and to be honest - I was still hungry. Yes, we could have eaten and drank cheaper there (get well drinks instead of signature cocktails, get burgers or pasta instead of fish and steak), but if I get a steak that costs almost $30, I only want to be left wanting more because it was so great - not because it wasn't enough food.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,1/28/2011,293,472,3,11,6>Went here with a couple friends last night. I used to go this location when I was in high school and it was a pizza hut.I like the decor, especially the books. To start off I had the Venison stew which was in a light beef broth, kinda tasty.Also had a huge 1 liter mug of Oktoberfest beer, my favorite. See the pictures I've posted here.Had the Sampler platter which was about 27 dollars. It had the hugest piece of pork you've ever seen(see pic), with a nice layer of fat still attached to the side of it. It was like a ham steak you'd have with breakfast but 4 times as thick. It was kinda tasty but there is no way you could eat the whole thing. It also had a white bratwurst which was decent and a good sized piece of schnitzel which was good. Also there was a small piece of rolled up beef in gravy, this was probably the tastiest item on the plate.My favorite thing was the honey mustard they had on the table, I dipped everything in it and it was delicious. I asked where they got it and  she said probably Aldi, but I went there today and they didn't have the same one. It was very dark and grainy but also sweet.I'll have to go back and explore some other dishes.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,1/27/2011,631,1145,4,5,5>I can't remember when I last saw the large range of reviews that PR's has. You either love it or you hate it, apparently. I had a good experience at PR's and I thought they handled our group of 13 very well. We didn't wait long for our baskets of chips and salsa or for drink orders to be taken. Our server happily obliged with our request for separate checks without acting annoyed and got all of the orders right! I ended up ordering shrimp fajitas, grilled. The shrimp were good sized and cooked well but were bland. Yes, I asked for them to not be spicy but there are Mexican spices that can be used without making the food hot! The accompanying onions were very good but the salsa was just so so, again bland. It would have been nice if this dish would have come with some rice or beans. Even without the sides I was stuffed after assembling and eating my four small fajitas. As other reviewers have stated the place is a dive. It is dark, it is loud and it is covered in graffiti and clutter. Parking was a breeze because I did my homework on Yelp and figured out which lots were open and which streets were one way. We were told that the "free" Tequila shots you get when the train passes turned into $1 shots, which have become $1 off shots. Tough times... The train only rumbled by once this evening and it was actually much quieter than I thought it would be! I'd definitely go back to PR's.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2010,1/26/2011,39,174,2,5,2>For authentic Italian that's not overpriced, this is where I usually hit up. Cariera's can be hit or miss but most of the time it's a hit. The service is generally decent. There's one server who more "seasoned" than the rest and she tends to do a great job. Works more off common sense than just trying to get through the day. Very helpful and allows you to get the most out of your visit. The food generally tends to be very good. I usually get the Grilled Chicken Penne. I think it's delicious. Comes with slices of chicken, penne pasta, broccoli, and sun-dried tomatoes in a light cream sauce. YUMMY! Really I get that every time I go. I have sampled off others plates though. Tried some fish, was blah. My only big complaint about the food is the salad. I mean, it's not hard to put together a side salad that is good. Cariera's tends to go with just iceberg, two cherry tomatoes, and some other stuff. I mean, if your paying extra for a side salad, do a little better than that. Take a lesson from Brick n Fire (one of the best side salads in town IMHO)! I will say one my wife ordered an entree salad and it was the most gorgeous salad I'd ever seen. We asked the server and she mentioned they had just hired a new salad guy. Think he probably worked like 5-star service before here. Don't think he works at Cariera's anymore though. :'( Also, one time went with someone who ordered the "Low Carb Pizza". Yaaaa, it's pizza without any dough. It's basically just the toppings, cheese and some sauce on a plate...very strange. Anyways, they have Happy Hour from 4 - 7pm with discounted wine, beer, and single malts. I want to say it's house wine being half off and $1 off domestic drafts. The house Merlot is quite good!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,1/25/2011,115,241,5,12,9>This place flat out rocks my sushi taste buds. The decor is cute and modern, the drinks are interesting, but the real winner here is the menu, which is unique and inspiring.Our table tried several items on the menu:Hot Rock - raw wagyu beef brought to your table where you sear it on a hot rock. This was fun and the beef was delish.Kurobuta Tacos - pork belly tacos with hoisin sauce, avocado and greens. My friend liked these so much he ordered two servings!Godzilla - Fried gator, hearts of palm, citrus and a remoulade that made me want to lick the plate when I was done eating. Highly recommend this appetizer.Red Hots Roll - fancy spicy tuna roll. Just like the other reviewer said, this was super fresh and had a great kick to it.Bananarama Roll - This roll had so many unique flavors and was perfectly complimented by the banana on top.Drama Queen - spicy tuna topped with hamachi and kimchee sauce. Another nice twist to the spicy tuna roll.Ceviche Roll - this roll had the most awesome fresh lime kick to it.Choleste-roll - Probably one of the most decadent rolls you could ever order. Prepare to loosen your belt and forsake all your new years resolutions! Bacon, avocado, creme fraiche... rolled up and deep fried then smothered with baked conch and spicy mayo.I really wanted to try the peanut butter and jelly sorbet made table side but the waiter hadn't had training yet on how to do that so maybe next time!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,1/24/2011,33,51,2,5,7>I live for taro milk tea with boba. I crave it everyday, and lollicup hits the spot every time! The only way I could describe taro flavor is comparing it to the flavor of cereal milk, its soooo good!  They have many different flavors and variety of drinks, definitely something for everyone. This location has a couple of couches and extra seating for you to stop and enjoy your beverage. I'm a big fan of their 'rewards card', free drink after a couple of purchases..Yay!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,8/20/2010,44,78,,3,3>We dined at Twist on a Friday evening. At about 8:30 the place was almost empty. This didn't deter us because it's still new and SoDo is not quite "the place" yet. As you may have read in other reviews, the decor is very nice. I've uploaded 2 pictures showing the bar and a hibachi grill/table. It is very clean too. I like the lighting as well. It was enough so you can see everything you need to, but also was muted enough as not to be too bright.The service was pretty good. We never had to wait for a drink refill. Since we ate at a hibachi table, we did not have food served to us by the server. The server was friendly and seemed nice enough. Also, it was less corny than the other tourist type places. The cooking show was not overboard.The food was pretty good. We've been to Kobe quite a few times and I'd say Twist uses the same stuff, but they do cook with much less oil, which clogs my arteries slower. The miso soup was the only part I didn't really like. It had tofu in it which didn't add anything. The salad was good with a lighter ginger dressing. The rice and lo mein were good as well. I had chicken as my meat and it was very tasty. Just the right mix of flavor and cooked just right. My wife and one of our friends we dined with commented on how their steak was cooked. They ordered medium and medium rare. Both were cooked properly, which doesn't happen very often. We'll be back at some point, but overall I like Kobe better so far.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,8/19/2010,83,136,5,8,5>we showed up half an hour earlier than our reservation but were seated promptly on a busy saturday night.  thumbs up for the personalized birthday message in the menu and ribbons on the table for the birthday girl! don't remember what drinks I got but it was great and they were definitely not stingy with the alcohol!;) i like that its open kitchen concept (so you see what's going on in the kitchen) yet you don't smell like kitchen when you leave!LOVE the lobster potstickers, braised short ribs and chocolate souffle!!! they were delish!one star down because they tried to charge for the extra souffle which our server said was complimentary.  so be sure to check your bill!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,8/18/2010,149,213,1,2,2>I have frequented this fun and inviting restaurants many times. Each time  I am intriged at trying a different menu option.  Their food is fresh, seasonal and truely southern.  The flavor combinations come together beautifully and they put their own unique spin on recipes that have been around forever. My favorites include the orange/crannbery turkey sandwich and the mango curry shrimp.The atmospher is very eclectic with an island feel, yet you're still in the heart of the south. The outside seating area is very roomy and comes full circle with their own rooster...yes, that's right, there's a rooster that lives there and walks around freely.  We took our dogs there for lunch and they had their own fun trying to figure out what that crazy looking feathered thing was roaming around.  The wait staff is very friendly and they treat you like they have known you for years. They could also have a seat right at your table while taking your order and getting to know you. It's that kind of place. Their desserts are delicous and I would recommend saving room in your tummy for some.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2010,8/17/2010,77,69,1,3,1>Pizza's a touchy subject with me. Im passionate when it comes to the subject so I don't toss pizza recommendations around lightly (pardon the pun.) Nyuck nyuck nyuck. This place was pumped up to me for so long so I was excited to finally go there with some friends. It wasn't a dissappointment by any means but I wasn't feeling that it lived up to the hype. The beer selection was one of my favorite attributes here as I'm sure read with other reviewers. The atmosphere is casual and the service was on top of things which made for a great chill out atmoshpere for us. We came in around 4pm on a Saturday with a party of 13 or more without a reservation, but they were very accomidating after a slight wait. The beers were awesome in case I didn't stress that enough, but we're talkin' pizza here! The pizza was average. For Orlando though, average is a high mark. I will definetly go back, I enjoyed our time there and it was perfect for a fun group hang-out type dinner.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,8/16/2010,152,101,9,8,12>I feel like I'm cheating on my other Thornton Park regular spots with this place but, um, I can't help it.They have 101 different tequilas.Here's the deal (in my opinion.)  To open a restaurant and have it be successful, there's certain things you have to do.  Good food, decent sized portions, for fair prices.  Throw in a lot of alcohol, an awesome happy hour, and some sweet daily specials and you're good to go.  Muchos has accomplished this.On their normal everyday menu you can get about 6 different kinds of 8 inch tacos for less than $4.  Anything else is somewhere between $5 and $12.Happy hour is from 4 to 6 everyday and it's $2 tacos, Dos Equis, Ritas, and Cazadores shots (which is way better then Cuervo) and on Mondays they do that ALL DAY.They have a house pickle infused Cazadores Reposado and a jalapeno infused 44 North Magic Valley Vodka that they used to make bloody marys :)May i also suggest a shot of the Voodoo kiwi infused tequila.  It is pale blue in color and OH. MY. GOD.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,8/15/2010,334,198,,6,4>Mmm....mmm....good. I love this place. Especially the Scoop Froggy Frog coupled with some vanilla or chocolate ice cream.I remember my first taste of Jeremiah's delicious Italian Ice. After a 3 hour long walk on the Cady Way Trail my boyfriend and I stopped by Jeremiah's on the walk back to his house. Granted, Jeremiah's probably tasted exceptionally delicious simply because I was parched but I have been by several times since and it only gets better.Super, super good. It's my sweet yet sinful treat. And they take debit/credit now.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2009,8/14/2010,35,60,2,4,2>Golden Thai is a pretty small, hole in the wall place. The decor is nice, and the service is pretty quick. We ordered the spring rolls and dumplings which were both good, and I had the pad pong galee. I wasn't a big fan of the pad pong galee, but everything else was good. Overall, a good restaurant, but if I go next time I'll try something different.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,8/13/2010,54,135,,5,3>I went to Steak and Salad - Turkish Cuisine today for lunch with a group of 5 people. Have just returned for a week long visit to Istanbul I wanted to check this place out. It has had good reviews from both Scot Joseph and The Orlando Weekly.The back page of the menu has there Turkish specialties. There was a good selection of Turkish dishes.I had the Chicken Kebab - chicken breast, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, peppers, and special marinade. Which came with one side dish I chose the Ispanak Ezme (Spinach Dip Salad) - chopped spinach, garlic and yogurt .Both were very good. Finished the meal off with Baklava and a Turkish coffee.This is a place to add to your lunch list.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,8/12/2010,91,68,8,5,2>Who was the first person to look at an oyster and think, "I should pry open that rough looking thing and eat the little slime ball in the middle."?Well whoever you were, I salute you!To be honest, we never set foot inside the restaurant, but I could sit on this quaint patio on a Friday night and just watch the people passing by for hours. Our server was an amazingly polite and knowledgeable gent, who helped me select an order of fresh shellfish.My snack was fresh and delish, and accompanied by an ice cold Orlando Brewery ale.I will definitely be back to cruise through their other seafood choices, but if you enjoy those little peal producers, they have an excellent and varied selection.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,8/10/2010,141,222,6,19,8>Ok, this review I have to be a little sensitive with, because it is a place of worship and a completely different culture to my own.I went to the cafeteria here with my husband for lunch, which is a separate building from the actual temple itself, and I have to say this was a very cool experience.Yes, I did feel like a tourist and a little out of place, but everyone was very friendly and accepting of us non-hindus. We both had a dosa and yogurt rice. it was also served with a bowl of dal and some kind of dipping sauce which looked like it was tahini based, but was very spicy and tasty.For 12 dollars we got two giant dosas that were freshly prepared right when we ordered them, soft and crispy at the same time, very yummy,two (generous) portions of yogurt rice which was just delicious and fragrant, a delicious dal and two mango lassis which I kid you not, are the best I've ever had, served from a cooler.If you're feeling adventurous or just really hungry for the most authentic Indian food you can find, you might want to give this place a try. Granted this is not a big fancy restaurant with the nifty pictures of Indian women in garb and tikka masala you might be used to, but it is certainly worth noting because it is authentic, "homey" feeling and just down right good n plenty.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/16/2013,92,300,4,6,7>I walk in one Monday morning to work; grumbling about the fact that it was Monday when I look up and suddenly see this beautiful yellow box with big bold letters that read "DONUT KING"  OMG, who the heck drove out all the way to Minneola to bring back these babies and then actually share?I cried a little bit, wiped a tear and tore into the box, not even caring to ask who brought them in or who they belonged to.This is what a donut should be, large, generously filled with whatever filling you choose and insanely delicious. These donuts have ruined me for any other. It would be great if they opened a location here in Orlando, but they're so good that I would drive all the way to Minneola just to stuff my face with these amazingly delicious confections.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,3/15/2013,10,33,1,9,3>It's in an area of town known for catering to Brazilian tourists... so it would seem unlikely that you'd find good pizza here.   They advertise on the large signs outside that they feature 100 different kinds of pizza and 50 different types of pasta.   So I went in expecting a buffet - similar to CiCi's Pizza or something along those lines.   I was surprised to find out that this place was nothing of the sort.   They offer Authentic Roman-style pizzas with a wide-assortment of gourmet-level toppings.   The pizzas have a  very thin, crispy crust.  Size-wise, a hungry man could knock a whole one back as a personal... or two less ravenous people could maybe split one.  I've been twice now.  Once I've gotten the Belluno: fresh mozzarella, bacon and corn.  Yes, corn!  I had never had corn on a pizza before but it added a unique flavor and sweetness.    The second time I had the Cosenza: fresh mozzarella, hot sausage and bacon.   (** Yeah, I like bacon **)   Both times, the pizzas were thin, crispy and delicious... didn't feel heavy or greasy.   The place is a little pricy... but worth it every once-in-a-while (I think) for the unique flavors and fresh ingredients.  The service was friendly and attentive.   It's not your everyday pizza joint... and it's not what you'd expect in the tourist corridor... but it's really GOOD pizza!   Near where I work, so I'll be back sporadically... the price makes it an expensive lunch option.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/14/2013,81,282,2,4,3>I'm not one to give out a 5-star review haphazardly, but this one is right up there with the best of them. The restaurant space is huge, bathrooms are gorgeous and spacious, and the kitchen is wide open so you can see what's going on back there. The best-kept secret in town is their "Thirsty Thursday" (I believe it's from 5-7) where they offer unlimited draft beers and a 3-course tasting menu for $15. After we were impressed by the Thirsty Thurs tasting menu, we came back for a real dinner course.  I love that they offer a good selection of wines and craft beer.  The menu changes frequently and is a very fresh, local, farm-to-table model.  The servers know a lot about the menu and were happy to accommodate my wheat allergy.  Every bit of my scallop dish was phenomenal, and my husband's "Dirty South" was scrumptious. The seafood was all excellently prepared and perfectly seasoned.  Every element of the meals are so well thought-out that they balance perfectly. This is definitely a place where you can spend a lot of money if you do apps and drinks, but there's something to be said about having no regrets about an expensive entree!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/13/2013,62,481,1,16,6>The Pharmacy is a secret. It's a restaurant with no sign, and so far no website or published phone number. In fact, the whole point is that it's hard to find out about, and hard to find... just like the 1920's speakeasy it's patterned after.It's the latest concept from Tyler Brassil, Loren Falsone and Dominick Tardugno, the people behind The Table, an 18-seat table that serves a different, locally sourced meal each night. In fact, The Pharmacy is right next to The Table, but it's well hidden. Finding it is half the fun, but I'll let you in on the secret if you really want to know: down the passage to the south of The Table is a fake elevator. The tip-off is that it says you're on floor 10! It also has a 1920's style arrow pointer above it that suggests you're in a high rise. Push the button and step back into the 1920's.Well, sort of. There are theming issues. The room is more industrial than 1920's, and beside the cool backlighting of bottles on the bar, the tables look more like they're from a barbecue joint, and the 1920's lighting fixtures are more appropriate to a department store than a speakeasy. The music is right on, though.As is the drink menu. House-made bitters and an emphasis on liquors popular in the era create what is perhaps Orlando's most interesting list of libations. There are also a limited selection of wines by the glass, and beers.If you've been to The Table you know that the food is special, and the same philosophy has been applied here: local sourcing of fresh ingredients. There are flatbreads, a kobe burger and Caesar salad, plus other small plates. We tried the fondue, which had a nice tangy cheese base and a strong dose of wine. The grilled, crusty bread served with it was excellent. We also had the garlic rock shrimp, which were (predictably) a mess to eat, but quite delicious.It will be interesting to see how The Pharmacy does. For a brand new restaurant, they had a fair amount of business, especially considering the lack of sign, phone and website. On the other hand, it's almost impossible to find out about it, and the name may be the biggest liability. It doesn't scream "speakeasy," and searching for "pharmacy" online is not likely to turn up a restaurant.On the other hand, imagine how much fun it will be stepping up to an old elevator with your date and watching his or her expression as you push the button and the doors open into the 1920s!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/12/2013,105,99,4,8,2>If someone were to ask me, what does Ethiopian food taste like, I really wouldn't know what to say.  Being the adventurous eater that I am, I decided to go to Nile Ethiopian Restaurant.  Driving up to the restaurant, I began to have some doubts about this place.  It's located right in the super touristy part of Orlando.  I-drive.  From my past experiences, the food on I-drive isn't something to brag about.  While sitting in traffic (as expected on I-drive), I had plenty of time to wonder what kind of food I would be having tonight.  Oh, google maps, don't fail me now!  I finally find the place, located behind Buffalo Wild Wings.  This is not a restaurant one would happen to stumble upon.Some of my vegetarian friends recommended this place, so I had some idea about this place.  As I walked in, I was immediately greeted by a server.  The warm earthy tones in the restaurant was a nice touch.  To my right, I see this coffee ceremony set up.  I am really digging the ambiance of the place.  There is the usual dining area and to the left of the restaurant is the traditional style seating.  Unfortunately for me, they had been very busy and didn't have the areas cleaned.  As I browsed through the menu, the homemade honeywine caught my eye.  Honey... mmmmmm.  I always enjoy mead so this was right up my alley.  I had fun drinking out of this glass.  I could compare this to mead but this is much tastier.  Imagine mead with more fruity flavor and less cough syrup-like flavor.  I could probably drink 4 more of these.  Probably not a good idea though.  There was also some Ethiopian beer, Hakim Stout.  I was a bit hesitant on the beer at first since I'm not an avid beer drinker.  It wasn't as bitter as I would have thought it to be.  I could possibly drink all of this too. *gasp*  I think I'm making progress with beer.The menu has plenty of selections, vegetarian items, poultry, beef, lamb, seafood.  The Chef's Special caught my eye since it allows me to try different entrees.  I'm definitely about variety!  The Chef's Special included: Chicken Doro Wat, Doro Alicha, Beef Alicha, Beef Tibs, Cabbage, Collard Greens, Lentils, and Split Peas.  The yellow split peas was good overall, but nothing terribly exciting.  I felt the same way with the red lentils.  The cabbage had a lot of flavor as well as the collard greens.  I think the chicken doro alicha was quite tasty.  It was my first time eating Ethiopian food and I didn't realize there were no serving utensils.  I had to use injera to eat my food.  Injera is a type of flatbread made from teff flour.  You can expect a sour flavor and traditionally, it's even more sour.  I thought it was plenty sour already.  The texture was a bit different to say the least.  Imagine a soft, spongy, cold, slightly sticky crêpe.  So, you rip pieces of the injera to grab your food.  The sponginess was great in sopping up the sauces.  The meal itself was on top of injera.This truly was a learning experience.  Definitely a filling meal!  Overall, everything was quite flavorful and I definitely recommend it for everyone to experience at least once.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,3/11/2013,88,37,4,3,3>This is such a cool store!Whenever I need fun little gifts, for a birthday or something, I go here first. I also go here, when I feel the need to draw someone naked, like one of my french girls. (That's a joke of course...since I like boys)Back to the review...Its a really cool place, fun just to walk around. If you are an artist, this should be your number one store pick in Orlando. All the art supplies you could ask for. And lots of specialty art supplies as well. For you non artists Lots of kick ass cards, and fun gifts. Also really amazing journals, and home decor on the knick knack side.I would deff. say knick knack...give a dog a bone (regardless if they are French) 5 amazing stars!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/10/2013,13,119,3,4,3>If you have a friend who has never been to orlando and wants to eat to eat local food thats not a chain restaurant? COME HERE! its sandwich galore at its best!From a thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich to delicious fresh brewed teas, these people have it all! Mama Lings lings thanksgiving sandwich is a concoction of extreme taste.  Soft Turkey layered over a Ginger Cranberry Chutney (that oozes a sweet hint to everything), melted gouda, warm stuffing (it just got real), smooth mashed potato, cream cheese & side of gravy, oh you know, just to DUNK the hell out of that sandwich! Get in my mouth!!!I recently had the noodles in peanut sauce side dish and i have to say it was amazing, and went perfectly with their Viet sandwich. Their german potatoes were also amazing, creamy and warm served with bacon. My favorite tea of all time is their green tea peach (sweet) cleanse the palate and the heart :)The staff is awesome and very helpful, they will always bring a smile to your face and make your meals with perfection.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,3/9/2013,101,78,7,8,5>My first impression was... uh oh... this place is expensive.It is, a little bit. But their shirts are right. "Good fish and cheap and cheap fish ain't good."Everything I've had there is just exquisite. Oh the cous cous. I haven't had a lot of cous cous, but I don't know if I'll find any better anytime soon. And that's just a side!On my last visit, I cheapened out and got the chicken basket. But even it - in a fish place - was amazing. I saw something blackened walk by and decided to take it that way. Best chicken that I've ever had. Or best chicken that I've ever had that I can remember. Likely the former.$9 gets you plenty of chicken, fries, and a couple of hush puppies. Oh the hush puppies. I'd slap my momma for one right now. Not really, cause my mom is a wonderful woman, but you get the gist, right?Everything is just. right. Yeah, that's not a typo. It's for dramatic effect. Because you can't taste my review. But when you can, you know Yelp will be the first site to have it (after they iron out the bugs).M'lady's scallops were fantastic. I traded a hush puppy for one. I only had two. You know how much I love them if you've come this far. It was a decent trade (I might have had her throw in some cous cous, but that might have been pushing it). They came in a buttery sauce. Not just butter, but creamy and tasty, and those fancy words that they use on cooking shows.I jokingly stuck my finger on her plate and lapped it up. Then I did it again and again. I suffered from FKS as a kid (fat kid syndrome - I licked my plate, and not only when others weren't watching). I almost had a relapse.They sell fish there too. I don't buy a lot of fish, but I believe it was cheaper than whole foods. I have to assume it's quality, because it's what they're going to serve you if you order!The only thing that I find awkward - and there's probably a rule about this that I don't know - is that you get up to order at the cash register area, but using a credit card, you get the tip space. But you haven't had service yet. And it's just brining out food like Ethos used to be before they moved. Are you supposed to full-tip? Is is ten percent? I gave a decent amount as I would for normal service, but it still feels weird in that situation.Don't mean to end it on a downer. Forget that. It's just my full disclosure for those who want to know everything to expect. The food is amazing, and you'll leave there happy that you came. Your belly will thank you. If love were fish, they'd be the ones cooking it up. Or something like that.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,3/8/2013,28,4,3,12,6>Very unique restaurant for the Orlando area with simple, delicious options - even for vegetarians! A nice touch for a menu that otherwise has a great selection of western-inspired burgers, sandwiches, BBQ, and grilled favorites. Everything is prepared fresh upon ordering but still served in a timely manner if you're on your lunch break. The cactus used in some of the meals  is locally grown, and if you want to add a dessert into the mix the delicious cookies are baked fresh in house daily!My first impression of the decor inside is that it is very modern, clean, and inviting, but still with a western feel to fit the style of food. It was refreshing not to see a set of cheesy bull horns hanging over the bar or wooden saloon doors in the front. Instead it was styled for today's world, while maintaining a warm western vibe. Nicely done.For my first meal I had the Smokehouse burger, cooked perfectly to my medium well request and served on a delicious bun with great BBQ sauce. As a side I went with the recommended Sweet Tater Tots (as the name implies, made from sweet potatoes instead of regular) and they were incredibly delicious! That and their unique sweet tea blend, all very tasty and for around $10! To top it off the service was amazing! From the friendly greeting upon entering to the lively table-side assistance. The ladies, all young and sporting plad shirts and worn jeans, are not only gorgeous, but very helpful and professional! Stop by for breakfast and the experience is even more unique with menu items like sweet potato pancakes! I haven't been yet but am looking forward to it.They also have a great nightlife, perfect for the local college crowd, already hosting some live music and serving up unique, locally brewed beers. They also have plenty of drink specials throughout the week.Only downside I saw is that they are hard to spot from Alafaya. The plaza they are in is a bad location. Hopefully they get the girls and some signage out there to draw in more people. They do a great job building up Facebook awareness at least, even offering a 5% discount if you "like" them from your phone upon ordering. Other minor awkwardness is that you order at the register but sign your receipt and give it to them at your table, after food is delivered so they know you got your food (they said.) I get that, but it's just a bit awkward is all.Bottom line? Great new, unique spot in the east Orlando/UCF area perfect for any meal of the day and even late night drinks. Can't think of anything similar in the area, so go check them out!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,3/7/2013,52,113,3,5,4>I love Barbq Bar/Eye Spy/ Sky 60! I'll do a mini review for each part, as they have different themes. BBQ is a bar with booths for seating and a photo booth for fun. This part is good for socializing and drinking. I LOVE this area for the tube tv that plays old school movies and tv shows. It's so cozy and nostalgic. One of the cool things about this place is there's no cover, and if you want a change, it's 3 places in 1, so you can just move to another room.EyeSpy is semi-outside; it has two bars, a dj booth, and no roof. You're not on a rooftop, but you have some views of the nearby buildings, which is cool. There's a little room off the back of it that I haven't been in, but I think it just has another bar inside. They have a couple TVs that play stuff like 80s cooking shows and Yo Gabba Gabba, while the DJ spins tunes. He plays mostly whatever's popular, but will randomly do a Spice Girls throwback song.From EyeSpy, you can climb stairs to Sky60, which is a roof top bar/dance area above BBQ Bar. Sky 60 plays mostly dub step and also has two bars and a DJ booth. They have little VIP tents with tables and seating. I like to venture around all 3 bars to get a variety of music/entertainment in my night. I love dub step Thursdays at sky60; it's great if you want to dance and get sweaty-- it's really my form of exercise. Just lay off the drinks if you truly want to get rid of calories lol
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,11/23/2010,70,106,4,3,3>The story you are about to read is true...6:05 pm Friday. My partner and I return to Trotter's Sports Bar. We have been here before, during our investigation of Irish hot spots during our St Patrick's Day investigation. (more on this later)Trotter's has invested in a large outdoor patio that was completed early in 2009. This large horseshoe shaped bar is also surrounded by both hightop and lower cast iron tables. Behind the bar is a very large screen for the projection TV - sports season is well represented here.As is typical of Florida bars with outdoor venues, the indoor bar is usually pretty quiet when the weather is nice. They do a decent job of pouring a proper Guinness. Overall, a comfortable neighborhood bar.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2010,11/22/2010,1381,1517,1,4,3>I love skating!  And this is a great spot to do it.  I love there is an automatic locking door between the register and the main rink.  You get the skates yourself in the skate center, and there is a beginner rink in the back section.The lights are cool and there are songs for special types of skating:  couples, backward, speed, etc. . .  I paid $8 for the night which included the skate rental.Appears that you may rent regular old school skates on in line skates.  I went on adult night on Sunday so only 21 and up was allowed.  It was  a great time, and I look forward to going again!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,11/21/2010,86,116,5,10,8>1st visit to The Milk Bar left a lasting impression. The place gives off a warm local feel to it, and feels like it has always been there. It fits right in w/ the style and taste of the new Milk District. They have a nice variety of paintings and artwork displayed along the walls giving off a nice indie feel. The tone of the place had a mellow relaxed feel w/ good music playing while movies run on the tvs on mute, giving an interesting new identity to the film. The music was a loud enough to enjoy, but not too loud to drown out the conversation w/ the people you are drinking with.*** The Beer Selection - Another gem in Orlando w/ a great selection of great beers. I don't think they have any PBR or Budlite on hand, but they did have Duchesse De Bourgogne, Left Hand Milk Stout and many other excellent choices to choose from.*** You can also order in food from The Social Chameleon next door*** They do accept Debit/Credit
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,11/20/2010,50,156,4,3,3>This rating is only for the cupcakes - I can't speak to the tastiness of the frozen yogurts and other treats. The cupcakes, though, fantastic!  I heard about this place from a couple of friends, but wasn't sure it'd be worth the trip across town (I live on the other side of the Earth). Well, after enjoying four mini cupcakes I received from a date, I can say I would travel far and wide for them.  I am an icing fan so these really hit the spot. That date was a couple of months ago and well, I don't remember him, but I can tell you all about the cupcakes. They are unforgettable - if you are in the area and crave something sweet, definitely stop in!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,11/19/2010,210,167,,5,2>Disclaimer- I tried Bananas again tonight and had a completely different experience. My server was refined and knowledgeable. I ordered the fried goat cheese appetizer with sun-dried tomato and it was very good. My main dish was the meatloaf and in agreement with Colleen B it is wonderful comfort food. My friends ordered burgers and cleaned their plates. We tried to order a milkshake, but they still had not received their milkshake machine, so the owner gave us a card to come back and get a free one next time. In conclusion, one cannot judge a restaurant after only one visit. I will definitely be back. Original post- Banana's needs a few more months to get it together. It was obvious from the moment we walked in that Banana's is suffering from the problems and issues that plague most new restaurants. The problems:- A host staff that does not know what they are doing-Wait time before a server greets the table-The servers need more training in just about everything from how to pour a glass of wine to how many times to ask a table if they are o.k- Loud DJ music -Dry toast and flimsy bacon on the BLTThe problems with Bananas will hopefully be smoothed out with time. It is definitely worth a try though. The menu is amazing and it even includes hand spun milkshakes. Also be aware that Bananas claims to make everything from scratch, so you may have to wait a long time for some dishes.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,11/18/2010,243,268,10,7,4>My dork dog (the aforementioned "humper") has tried on numerous occasions to strangulate himself on the built in collar in the self-serve dog wash. The device, a raised bath tub of sorts, with a hand held shower-sprayer that has a built in soap dispenser and a near by blow dryer is quite a good idea. If you have a smart dog. Sadly, I do not. Beck (the dork) does love the bakery treats. And they have great specials like a free dog cookie with a self bath on Wednesday's.This is a good place to visit for after your (my) dog gets all dirty from humping his new friends at the dog park next door.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,11/17/2010,149,213,2,4,4>I've already called dibs on having my birthday celebration at this speak easy.  And yes, it's definetly on the MOB side of things. It's dark wood and tapestry ceiling along with the black and white tiled floor make this hole in the wall not so "hole in the wallish".  It's owned by the same people that own Jason's Martini Bar on Sanford Ave as well. So, no smoking, lovely bathrooms, great decor and friendly staff.  I like all those things...which makes me a fan! Plus...they make coffee drinks fresh there too...so even if you're not wanting a cocktail, you can still come and chill and have a good time.  Thursday nights they have kareoke and there's some good talent that gets up there, so if you wanna give it a go, then do it. I think this place could be very awesome if they just advertised it a bit more. It's a small sign outside...which I quess goes with the whole idea of it being known to the ones that know of it.  And now you know of it, so get out there and check it out. :D
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,11/16/2010,104,60,5,15,7>Now before you go judging, I thought this place was a happening dance club.  Oh hell who am I kidding.  I knew that this place was a "gentlemen's club"  My friends and I use to visit this place every once in awhile.  Each time was just as enjoyable as the last.  In my opinion this place is as good as you are going to get in Orlando.  Since they put so many restrictions on what the dancer's can or can't do.  But hey when a stripper hands you lemons half naked you make lemonade.I agree with Vaughn B.  This place is good for at least a couple of head turners.  Although I feel that the best time to go is on Monday.  My friends and I went and it was $50 bottle night and we split it amongst like 7 or 8 people.  It was awesome.  Plus all the girls working there were pretty hot.  One of the reasons why I like this place is that the girls are not pushy.  If you don't want a dance a simple no will do without any pressure.  So stop on by to Orlando's best gentlemen's club.  I am sure you will have a good time or at least walk away with some stories.  Also try to bring some women with you.  For some reason the strippers love it when you do.  One last tip is to make sure you ask for some free entrance cards before you leave.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,11/14/2010,89,71,,8,5>I first came here yearsss ago when I bought a used car with no AC. I came here to get it repaired, mainly because of location. It's next door to my job & I can just walk over. Turns out, it was just an unplugged cable & my air worked perfect. They didn't charge me a thing. They could've easily made up something & gotten hundreds of dollars out of me. They earned my trust since then. I'm exclusive to them & refuse to go anywhere else. I love the ladies that run the desk, very sweet, honest & make you feel comfortable. It's true, their tire prices are very very reasonable. Over the years, every service they provide, I've done. & have been completely satisfied each & every time. I was disappointed they don't touch any issues regarding transmissions. Unfortunatly, I had to get my transmission rebuilt & they don't do that. They did refer me to someone, which turned out to be a great place as well. Love their 10% off repeat customer policy :)
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2010,11/13/2010,293,472,1,2,2>They say they've been there about 5 months, I've never heard of them before Colleen found them a few weeks ago. They still have some kinks to work out, but I wish them much success.First I got the "super world class tamale" it had some grandiose name like that. It was about the size of a hot dog and stuffed with ground beef. I believe it was steamed. The corn meal was a little mealy(ha!). It was decent but nothing special.My main course was the hot italian beef sandwich. I got sweet peppers on it. I'm not sure why but I expected a cup of au jus sauce with it, turns out they just dip the sandwich in the broth after they make it. The ample beef was shredded up and had a strong taste of Oregano. The bread was exactly like a publix sub bun. I didn't find the sandwich especially flavorful, it needed some sauce or onions or cheese or something on top.I was still hungry afterwords so I got a meatball marinara sub with mozzarella on top. The meatball tasted homemade, but again not very tangy. Maybe the issue I have here is I like strongly flavored and spicy food. It's possible Chicagoans or the owners prefer more mildness.According to the sign their maximum "occpancy" is 30 so it's not a very big place. The staff were all very nice and friendly, and since it was slow we were chit chatting a lot.They do not have fountain drinks or brewed tea just bottled stuff, they did not have forks or even free cups of water.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/1/2014,148,339,2,4,2>I was really disappointed when I was unable to try this place with the Lunch Bunch folks, especially after seeing their pictures and reading their reviews. Needless to say, I was incredibly excited when I finally got a chance to try it a couple of weeks later. And they didn't disappoint!We tried Empanadas, an Arepa, and the Bistec Encebollado o Empanizado, along with a couple of fruit juices. Everything was delicious and service was wonderful. We couldn't wait to return.And return we did. Unfortunately, our second visit wasn't quite as wonderful. The food was still amazing, which is why we'll continue to come back for more. But service and ambience was just...awkward. Somehow, we had someone that we hadn't seen in our first visit serve us, and he could barely speak English or read the menu. That was a problem since we weren't able to just point at things on the menu or ask questions about the differences between dishes. At least he was pretty nice.It was also somewhat of an awkward time (not quite lunch) and we were alone for a little bit. Then, there were a couple more people. They seemed to be family friends or at least friendly to an extent where they were treating the restaurant like it was a friend's living room. They were talking loudly and joking around, which made it really awkward for us as we felt we were intruding their home when really we were just trying to enjoy the food this restaurant offers.We won't let this incident deter us from returning, though. It might just be to-go instead.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,12/31/2013,39,121,2,4,2>I have lived in East Orlando for 7 years , and I stopped in here once when I first moved here. I'm not sure why I waited 7 years to go back, but I am mad at myself in retrospect. How does a place successfully prepare both Mexican and Cuban cuisine? I have no idea, but they did it well. First of all, the chips and salsa impressed me, and I do not like chips and salsa much, so I was skeptical, but we ate it all :). The beef and cheese empanadas were really excellent, perfectly prepared and spiced. I am not a big fan of beef and cheese together, but this really worked! Two for two, I thought! The waitress was also very pleasant and attentive.The main meal came out on large plates. The churrasco was amazing. It was tender! It was flavorful. It was perfectly marinated. The chimichurri sauce was one of the best I've ever tried (better than my own...) I always try the rice and the beans separately just to see if they hold their own flavorwise, and they did. The maduros were scrumptious. After all that food to start, I *thought* I would stay on the lighter side by selecting a shredded chicken taco salad ... and I was so stuffed I could not finish it. Even the shredded chicken was simply tasty. The refried beans were well spiced and the guacamole was very fresh.In short, I did not expect this to be so good, and I am so happy I risked the trip! More and more reviews are made by people with 0 friends and only 1 or 2 reviews total, so you know they are probably friends or employees of the restaurant .. and it's so disappointing to get caught in a horrible place like that. Now I have learned to weigh the review by the number of other reviews and friends the person has made as well.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/30/2013,24,37,,6,2>Microbreweries are places that I respect with high regard. Not only are you starting a business, but you are creating beer (all the time) almost as an art. Which brings me to one of the newer breweries in the central Florida area: The Hourglass. Being located near the corner of Ronald Reagan & 434, this little brewery definitely seems to have what it takes. The tap room is small, but still on a Tuesday night was packed with beer lovers looking for drink. They carry approximately 5 of their own creations on tap, as well as about 7 other microbrews. The amount of bottles was probably around 30 or so different crafts. We did flights of every single draft that they had to offer and after sampling all of the beer, both of us decided to get a pint of an original Hourglass brew. My girlfriend went with the Solarium Augusti and I enjoyed the Morlock. The Solarium was a spiced agave ale, while the Morlock was a milk stout that rivaled one my favorite milk stouts of all-time. They had run out of their original IPA brew called the Ghanta... I guess that just means another visit in the future so I can't drink that one down too! Hopefully the Hourglass is here to stay and will continue to brew the fine beer that I experienced yesterday!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/29/2013,83,182,2,6,5>Amazing, fresh "farm to table" food. My Yelp friends highly recommended B&B Junction and they were so right. We were able to buy a Refer Local deal. I had the #16,  Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast Sandwich. I tried it with the medium "hot" sauce. I cannot give this sandwich all the amazing descriptive adjectives it deserves. It was fresh, yet crunchy, perfectly spiced and a more than generous serving. I also, had the Blue Cheese/Bacon fries. $3 for the fries and worth every penny. My other friends tried one of their amazing burgers and veggie burgers, also rave reviews. We also made time for some cupcakes from "Sweet by Holly"Parking is limited, but you an park along side the road in the local neighborhoods (Just not in someone's yard, please). You order up front and they bring you your order to the patio out back. Oh and they get big kudos for having Diet Dr. Pepper and Crushed Ice:)Our group would also like to mention Gus. He explained the "farm to table" concept and several items on the menu. He was very helpful and pleasant. All while helping answer questions in the kitchen to help bring us our food. He is the most fantastic multi-tasker with a smile on his face and the mos genuine, positive attitude. I also, wanted to thank the owner for having a dog friendly restaurant . I will definitely bring the dogs to sit on the patio with us in the future. I can also see he is a loving, dog owner himself:)
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,12/28/2013,163,386,,3,3>Our family had dinned at Il Pescatore last fall and we really enjoyed ourselves.  The food was delicious and the atmosphere reminded us of being back in Philly; it had that Northeast charm about it.  For how much we enjoyed it I can't believe it took us so long to get back and enjoy another meal here.This time around it was just Bryan M. and I on a date, so to say.  We were in the area and got to Il Pescatore a bit early for a Saturday night.  While it was around 5pm there were a number of folks enjoying their meal and the staff was setting up for two large groups.I'm not sure how long the restaurant has been here since I've only lived in Orlando a couple of years, but you get a feel that it has been around for some time.  It has that lived in local look about the place that makes it a bit charming.  I got a sense that a number of the customers that evening are regulars; I love places like that.We didn't have the kids this time to help us eat a bunch of food.  Last time I ordered the Pollo Al Parmigiana and loved it, so I knew this time around I had to get it again.  We got pizza and a Caesar Salad last visit and enjoyed those as well.  The entrées are all served with a dinner salad, garlic bread and a side of pasta marinara.  That is a lot of food for the two of us, so instead of ordering another entrée we got antipasti of Mozzarella Fritta.The Mozzarella Fritta was delicious; I enjoyed the breading and the sauce was perfect.  The salad was your average dinner salad, it was tasty and I enjoyed the ranch dressing.  The garlic bread is good and they gave us another loaf once we finished our first.I enjoyed the Pollo Al Parmigiana again.  I love the homemade marinara sauce it's simple yet flavorful.  I do hope the next visit to branch out a bit and try a Pasta Entrée.Il Pescatore is a great local Italian eatery.  I think you can enjoy it best when you come with a group so you can sample many entrées.  I do wish the dishes had the option of family style.  My only complaint is the $2 charge for sharing items, as I think when you come to a place like this you want to share your food.  Il Pescatore is a popular place among locals; good eats in a simple setting with friendly service is what keeps them coming back.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,12/27/2013,221,378,7,4,5>What's that you say?  You are from out of town?  Well welcome...to FLAVOR COUNTRY.  No this is not an add for cigarettes, although the burning of leaves and chemicals is OH SO FLAVORFUL!  they just don't tell you the flavor is ass....ok, sorry Thai House, I digress...a lot.This place is FLAVOR COUNTRY.  Period. Done. End of review.. ok, maybe not the end, but it IS the most important fact.  Everything at Thai House is jam packed with Thaiwanese deliciousness.  So good i bet the waitress or waiter even taste good. (I do NOT recommend finding out this....unless you are kind of into that sort of thing.)Place is on the smaller side, I LOVE the wooden booths near the front for larger groups. Fits I think 6-8ish.  I've had the pad thai, classic, standard, tasty. Safe for anyone that likes Thai food but too chicken to try something else.  I broke the mold this time, and followed the advice of some fellow yelpers- I LOVE you guys!  Get the green curry. I got it medium, nice bit of spice but not melt your face hot. You can drink the broth like a soup it is so good. It starts out creamy with a hint of sweet coconut taste then gently creeps up your palet with the spice. I really thought the dish was going to come out with a thick green curryish paste, but it is milky and smooth like a...i don't know, you think of something milky and smooth and try NOT to sound like a perv or creepy.  Well it comes out just like that.  GET IT, enjoy it, and you might just need that after dinner "flavorful" smoke to celebrate.... yeeaaa buddy!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,12/26/2013,23,85,,6,2>Absolutely a must try.  I couldn't wait to try this place after reading about the chef and his menu.  Great food at a great price wish there were more places like this around. I went on a Sunday afternoon and got served very quickly.  It's on the corner of the Colonial/ Alafaya plaza by the DMV.  Nice little "sandwich" shop, with other goodies, for a reasonable price.I had the pork tacos, they came with pickled onions, cabbage, and I added some  special hot sauce that the chef made with some Thai chilies that was a little hot  but very tasty. My girlfriend had the Cuban which she liked very much I had a bite and it was very good tender cheesy one of the best I've had. My mom got the French toast, she loves French toast and is very picky about all her food and she loved them. Cooked perfectly and all the powered sugar she could eat.There are a few tables and a bar area looking out the window to the street. The menu is on a chalk board so he does change a couple of items from time to time but there are some main stays, like the pork tacos and Cuban. He is a nice guy and said that he makes just about everything himself, which is  believable as everything I eat was awesome.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/25/2013,113,259,1,4,3>I've been wanting to try this place ever since I drove by it, and read some of the awesome Yelp reviews.  It definitely lives up to my expectations.  We cam here on a Saturday evening, and the parking lot was full.  Luckily, there were two seats at the bar.  The bartender there was very attentive, and answered all of my beer related questions.  They had a fantastic selection of draft choices, two in particular that I had been itching to try (Ruinten and Wootstout).  As for the food, I ordered the brisket tacos, and those things were incredible.  They came stuffed with brisket, in a flour tortilla (personal favorite over corn), and had a great spice to them.  For the price, you could easily order 2 or 3 of those, a couple beers, and have a great time.  My only wish is that there was a place like this out in Apopka, as I'm sure I'd be there every weekend.  It is definitely worth going out of your way to get to.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,12/24/2013,129,86,4,6,6>I have been going to dandelion for a few years now. I've taken tons of pictures and I've never given them the review they most definitely deserve? How is this possible? Well it ends now!I think this was the first vegan place I've ever been too and I really didn't know what to expect but it was within walking distance to my house and I was walking my dog so I thought that it would be a good idea to stop and get a bite to eat. I wasn't sure what to get so I started with something I've never heard of before. Tempeh. I had no idea it was even food. I thought it meant the sandwich was tempty (that's not even a real word) so I went for it. It comes out and this compacted bean party appears on my bread and I'm all O.o? but I tried it and it was really good. Fiyero liked it too as you can see in the picture I posted of him foodgasming over it. Since then I have tried many of the menu items and my taste buds have fallen in love with the portobello mushroom sandwich. I get it just about every time I come in now and I love it. I crave it. Oh it's so hot and juicy and I sop up the drippings of juice and mayo on my plate with my crusts and I am a happy Brooke. I usually get the tea of the day too but I went in a few days ago and saw a sign for fresh raw almond milk and I was like "yes please!". It was so yummy with cinnamon sprinkled on top. Highly recommended. It tastes so different from the store bought stuff.And on top of everything else I think the entire staff is just wonderful. They're all so sweet and helpful. Plus it's fun when they have live music or open Mic nights. I've yet to go to a drum circle but I will soon. Don't ever change! Unless you make it better but I don't see how.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/23/2013,27,69,4,14,6>At the risk of sounding like a friend or family member of Scratch employees/owners I will write my review as I normally do, however don't expect there to be a whole lot of negativity. There just isn't any. I literally stumbled on Scratch when looking for a dinner idea on Yelp (they popped up under the new businesses in Orlando area). Obviously, I was a little hesitant because the reviews that were up (3 at the time) were by those who hadn't written any other reviews on Yelp...but I checked out their website and decided to try them out. When we arrived - maybe 1 1/2 hours after opening - we were the only patrons in the restaurant. I was actually a little relieved because I knew this would allow me time to take a look around without being too obvious and, let's be honest, some one on one time with the staff. We were greeted by friendly voices and a welcoming atmosphere. The space is smaller but the set up is key. The entire left side wall is lined with banquette seating. There are smaller tables that can be pushed together for larger parties and chairs opposite the banquettes. The right side of the space is where the bar is located and it is a beauty. They also offer 2 small seating areas to either side of the door. We opted to sit in the corner banquette and were quickly told it was the best seat in the house. I understand why. You get a full view (save for the restrooms) of the restaurant and it's something to behold. One thing you will notice, I HOPE!, is the personality of the space. It's dark but keenly lit, it's comfortable but not drab, it's intriguing but not clinical. You can see so much of who the owners are by simply looking around. From the commissioned art work by local artists to the blue fridge in the bar it's a sight to behold.  The wine list is full of unique finds and the beer list is a stunner. They pride themselves on offering something extraordinarily different to their patrons and it shows. We went with a South African Viognier figuring it would pair nicely with whatever we ordered. It was a smart choice. We started with the breads and spreads - housemade brioche, chunks of french and 3 spreads; strawberry white chocolate butter, blackberry jam, and baba ganoush. The spreads were flavorful and fresh. I sincerely wanted to lick the plate clean. We then moved on to the: artisanal cheese which was served with plum jam, raspberries, and blackberries; the roasted beets with hazelnuts, orange, greens, raspberries, and buttermilk dressing; the pork belly adobo served with calamansi, micro cilantro, carrot puree, black rice, and scallions; the roasted magret duck breast which was presented table side with alder smoke, corn maque choux, and pea tendrils; and finished with the rock shrimp corn dogs accompanied by grain mustard, lemon mayo, and micro greens. Did I mention there were only 2 of us? No? Hmm...well, at the risk of sounding like a mother choosing her favorite child I will have to admit the pork belly and duck were both showstoppers. The roasted beets were beautifully plated and delicious (and I don't like beets). The corn dogs were fun but upscale. And who doesn't love cheese? Seriously, it's cheese. On a plate. Already cut up for you!? But delicious, nonetheless. Not one to let her waistband tell her when she's had enough we moved on to dessert. This particular evening Scratch was offering a chocolate torte and vanilla bean creme brûlée. What's a girl to do? We ordered both. Seemed logical enough.  The chocolate torte was described as a flourless chocolate cake type dessert when, in fact, it should have been described as transcendent. Period. I swear, I heard angels singing. The creme brûlée was flecked with vanilla bean, smooth, creamy, and the top caramelized to perfection. We finished the night off with coffee - french press, because you can get more than just perc here. Key thoughts: if you get the breads & spreads and run out of bread do ask for more. If you order the pork belly adobo please follow the suggestion and squeeze the calamansi over the top. If you are interested in the art work, see if it's for sale - some of it is! You should also sit in the corner banquette (unless I'm there!)It doesn't take much for a restaurant to fail but when a restaurant this good comes to your neighborhood you need to embrace her. Scratch is a labor of love and passion, of will and wit. You cannot leave here feeling anything less. You just have to go. There's something special about Scratch.  Scratch has just opened up in the Winter Park area and are located next door to All Fired Up on Fairbanks. There is parking off of New York in a dedicated lot.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,11/2/2012,143,128,2,4,2>OMG SO GOOD! It definitely reminded me of the streets of NYC. Quick food in a small place with great taste and even presentation! I was with my parents and they LOVED it. How many Asian people can really say they enjoyed a take-out joint? Its a small establishment labeled take-out. At first I was thinking - that's not cool. I don't do normal Chinese Take Out. But when you start to look at the pictures (which is how I ordered) and you sit down with the food - I knew I made a mistake to prejudge! We were the only ones in the place at first because we arrived before the lunch rush, but at the end of our meal, the place was packed with Asian people.Word of advice, order by pictures. The menu is in Chinese and English but the pictures on the windows describe it so much better. Don't expect EXCELLENT service. Remember, it's a take-out restaurant with NYC attitude (but they're from Taiwan). If its reachable, grab the utensils yourself. I started to see customers writing down their order (in Chinese) on the ordering pad because it was starting to get busy. There's only three people running the joint. Wife, Husband, and Friend/Relative (?).Yes, the neighborhood is a little sketchy but that did not stop anybody from coming in.Nevertheless, the food was excellent and I made sure I took some home.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/1/2012,168,185,4,11,6>I realized in all the times I've eaten at Antonio's I've never reviewed it. What a shame. This place is one of my favorites in Orlando. Whether dining downstairs(casual) or upstairs(upscale), it doesn't matter. The food is wonderful. The service even better. The ambience is superb. The location is in a great area of Maitland.(right by Lake Lily Park)But every single time I have eaten at Antonio's I have never had dessert. And for anyone that has eaten there the dessert counter is right at the downstairs entrance. And I always forget about it. So today I didn't. I pop in for lunch and order the following items: Carrot Cake, Taramisu and this chocolate cake(can't remember the name of it) and a cup of coffee. OMG. Period.I think I've found my new way to eat at Antonio's. Their desserts are beyond description. So here's the new deal for me when I dine there: lunch is dessert. Dinner: upstairs and swanky. Go here. You seriously won't be disappointed.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/31/2012,631,1145,2,4,3>4.5 stars for The Nou Restaurant. As others have said the location stinks. They are located in an aging, rundown strip center along 436 between Altamonte and Apopka. It's one of those places you'll pass a hundred times and never notice Nou. Don't make that mistake. Once inside the restaurant is clean and pleasant. Service was friendly although our server was so soft spoken she was tough to understand at times. We dined with my in-laws who are the type to try one of everything off the menu. And so it went. We tried empanadas, arepas, ceviche and entrees. What I love about Nou is that they make everything fresh, in house. You can really taste it too. Your meal starts with these little disc of corn bread that are amazing yet simple. They have a hint of sweetness and are served piping hot with a side of butter. The Empanadas ($1.5) were fabulous! I could eat a whole meal of nothing but these! They are served with a homemade pico de gallo. We tried several Venezuelan Arepas ($5 each)- Pelua (beef), Reina Pepiada (chicken with mayo), Pabellon Criollo (black bean) and Domino Con Chorizo (beans and chorizo). My favorite was the Pelua- the shredded beef was tender and had a wonderful flavor. My least favorite was the Reina Pepiada, it reminded me of a chicken salad and just didn't seem to fit the restaurant. Each one was the served with the filling between two grilled corn pancakes. The size was about that of a burger. Add a side of rice and maduros and I could easily make a meal out of these! The Shrimp Ceviche ($8) we ordered with tostones. The tostones were very good and came with an amazing green garlic sauce made fresh in house. The red sauce was great too. The shrimp ceviche was just ok (too bland)- not something I would probably order again. For my entree I had the Pechuga De Pollo ($9) which is a chicken breast marinated in house spices. For sides you can chose between white or yellow rice or mashed potatoes, black or red beans, and tostones or maduros. I got the yellow rice, black beans and maduros with mine. The chicken breast was large and tender. The sides were cooked perfectly. This was a lot of food for $9! My hubby said his white rice has undercooked (ie. crunchy) bits. I tried his Pabellon Criollo ($9) which was shredded beef, black beans, white rice, maduros, arepa and a fried egg. It was ok- I liked mine better. The egg didn't really seem to add much to the meal. I also tried the Filette De Salmon ($10). The salmon was topped with a nice house teriyaki which was tasty but like the chicken salad arepa, didn't seem to fit the other food. LOVED the maduros- just sweet enough and not greasy. The Venezuelan beer, Polar, is a light, simple beer. When we left everyone thanked us and said goodbye. You get a real feeling of family here and a passion for great food. I hope this place does well, I know we'll be back!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,10/30/2012,363,344,2,4,4>After eating my fill at King Cajun I decided to tempt my fate and head across the street to where the big kids like to play.  Upon entering I saw a small liquor and beer area that comprised the store portion of this place.  I could instantly hear loud laughs and carrying on in the adjoining room which I assumed was the bar.  I entered the next room to find I was at the side of a large horseshoe shaped bar that filled up the room.  About 7 people, ages 35-60 were scattered throughout the bar a few of them conversing amongst each other.  I found my place next to the rowdy bunch and ordered myself a whiskey and coke.  The bartender looked me over and asked for ID.  After she got done double checking that it really was in fact me she pour me just what I asked for. A Whiskey drink with a side of coke.  $4 for a stiff drink is excellent considering what some places charge for watered down child's play.      A gentleman walked around the bar and told us all individually that he had just smoked some amazing salmon and that there are crackers and cream cheese/chives available and that we must have some.  I just nodded thinking "???" and continued on with my drink and taking in my surroundings.  When it came time to pay I realized they don't take card, only cash (I should've paid more attention to the other reviews) so I had to run into the next room to use the ATM.  After I use it, somebody stops me and says "Hey man, you gotta try this smoked salmon, its amazing!".  I stop and look to see what he is talking about and on the other side of the wall near the ATM there is a large smoked salmon with plastic forks and crackers etc.  People are chowing down and urging me to partake so I decided to do just that.  DELICIOUS!  I was floored by the general friendliness of everyone and the generosity to complete strangers.  Faith in humanity!This place seemed like a friendly bunch of locals just relaxing and enjoying some drinks.  There seemed to be a Jukebox on the wall at the bottom of the horseshoe and some TVs at the very top.  Nothing High-Def, but just your basic televisions.  Dive Bar it is and unwelcoming it is not.  I intend to come back here for a few drinks another time and maybe even purchase from their store.  I saw that they have Banana Bread beer in stock! Sounds good!  Just remember to bring cash!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/29/2012,129,86,5,3,3>I have been obsessed with Bahn-Mi ever since I discovered it about 8 years ago. I used to get it at local Viet-shops that didn't specialize in bahn-mi but served it all the same. Now that Yum-Mi is in existence I can get my Vietnamese/French style sub whenever I want. And not just a standard bahn-mi, but they have several varieties to choose from. The first one I tried was Miss Piggy and it was great. I think the other one we got was the supreme with the fried egg on top. That was no yolk! But that was right there, a bad one and for that I apologize. They also have a lot of your Mills favorites such as rice pudding, steamed pork buns, and of course Boba tea. Now you have it all in one place and don't have to shop around for your lunch. Oh and try the avocado smoothie. Its very different but in a good way.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,10/28/2012,163,386,,4,4>Games bring people together; they're exciting to watch and fun to play.  CaddyShanks is a great spot to get you're game on, where you'll find a number of TVs scattered about playing various sporting events.  If watching the game isn't enough, try your hand at some virtual golf, or perhaps a game of pool or ping pong?  The games have a fee, but if you come during Happy Hour Monday & Friday they are half off.  CaddyShanks has three Wii sets that are available for free play day and night.Sports and beer go hand in hand; CaddyShanks offers 12 craft beers on tap and over a hundred bottled.  There are some wine and cider options as well.  CaddyShanks does not have a full bar, though they do offer a number of Caddy Concoctions with flavored liquor.While CaddyShanks does not have a kitchen, they have a nice alternative; you are able to order off a menu that has a number of items from neighboring restaurants.  If you're hanging with friends watching the game it's a good option so you don't have to leave to get some grub.  It's pretty cool because you can get your sushi fix while your friend can chow down on a burger.  The waitress places your order and the food gets delivered to CaddyShanks.CaddyShanks has some good deals & events happening weekly. There is a Happy hour Monday-Friday, Ladies Night, Team Trivia, and the entertaining Friday night karaoke. It's always fun stopping by on their 1st Fridays when the DJ is cranking tunes on the patio.  You'll find various businesses offering some goods and food samples.  Each month is dedicated to a local charity.  You'll find the charity of the month educating the crowd and accepting donations for their worthy cause.I'm not big into sports, but I enjoy hanging on the patio drinking a beer and enjoying the atmosphere.  CaddyShanks is a great spot for couples and groups; whether you're into the game, or looking to kick back.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,10/27/2012,197,231,,5,5>I totally thought I had written a review for this place before.  I even went and looked at Mother Falcon to see if I messed up and put it there. But it would seem that I have not.  I think what's awesome about this bar is how much it is a staple in Thorton Park. They are always a part of all the events there. The artwork is all original and can be printed on a shirt at Mother Falcon next door. The work is themed.  Once I went and it was artwork inspired by the movie Alien and this most recent time was artwork by The Shining. Sometimes the bar snacks are Goldfishes. Love them. The bathroom is just a one stall, but the bar isn't super huge so it's enough.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,10/26/2012,20,60,1,3,4>This just a great place for all kinds of folks. Families can feel quite comfortable here.  I went just for the fish and chips, which I'd been craving. Perfect! Ultra crispy, very nice fish, and perfect crinkly fries. They have several dining/bar sections. The entertainment is in the back section which has only hi-top tables, not so good for me, since I am old and decrepitVery friendly service. Everyone seemed to be having a great time.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/25/2012,112,206,2,4,5>Whoa! Goat cheese pizza=yum. The crust was crispy and cooked just right.  They do serve your typical pizza but I wasn't about to pass this pizza up! They also make and sell their own pickles, which I thought was odd for a pizza joint.  But they looked amazing and next time I hit this place up I'm buying some. We came in closer to closing time and the staff were still going strong.  The waitress was super friendly, we didn't get that "ugh I just want to go home" attitude.  They do serve a variety of beer and wines.  Not too bad with the pricing.  This is definitely a place worth trying out.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,10/24/2012,141,222,,6,4>Awesome little farm store tucked away in the middle of the neighborhoods on Howell Branch Rd. They have their own bees! And I saw a cow and some horses.The little shop is really small and the selection is limited but the raw milk cheese is so worth it and reasonably priced.They're open Saturdays from 10 till 2 or 3. It's cash or check only (but who uses checks anymore) so bring cash, but everything is local, natural and DELICIOUS!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/15/2013,141,222,19,8,4>This place is the most awesome gluttonfest i have ever tortured my intestines with, like EVER!We ordered the big ass aluminum tub full of everything you can pull out of the sea with a net, and added all the butter and spices. Cause if you're gonna do it, you take it TO THE WALL.I don't remember the last time I cried from being so full. The greasy buttery tears rolled down my cheeks, off my chin and onto my distended abdomen and stained my shirt like drops of gulf oil on white linen.It was beautiful.I highly recommend sharing this with more than one other person, unless you enjoy putting new stretch marks on your stomach lining. On the INSIDE.It may be best to avoid all the butter and stick to one flavored spice, for the rest of my day was filled with the most hellacious gas that no other human should have to bear. Unless you live alone. Then you go get em' tiger!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,5/14/2013,197,592,8,11,10>Well, we had no idea what to expect when we walked in here.  We were eating at a nearby restaurant and as we walked in, my wife said, "Jeff! Look!"  There through the trees and across the parking lot was a sign that said Quantum Leap Winery.  Of course, the first thing that went through my head was a bunch of wine named things like "Ziggy" on racks surrounded by a ton of nerd paraphernalia, and all of the people working there regardless of gender or outward appearance would wear name tags that all say "Sam".Hmm.  That's a good idea.Well anyway, it's not that place.  I also didn't ask why not.  When we got there, we were initially taken by its subtle beauty inside.  The floor is open and airy, and the large bar area can support a lot of customers without feeling crowded.  The people manning the bar are very friendly and of course way more knowledgeable about wine than we are, so we got some great tasting tips.So you know where we're coming from, if someone would have asked us about our opinions on a given wine, our answers would have invariably involved words like "red", "grapey", "good", or "ass" but never would you hear the word "bouquet" escape our lips.  Because that's flowers, or something.So we tried a red wine tasting, a selection of three red wines that came with great explanations and notes on what to look for, all of which was appreciated.  By the time we were done, we left with 3 bottles of Kaley's Red, a wine named after the resident Australian Shepherd, and a percentage of the proceeds of which go to the SPCA of Central Florida.  Then, for buying the three bottles, the cost of one of our tastings was deducted from the bill. Everything about that is fantastic!There is a great looking room in the back for parties that can be rented out, and it looks really nice; it actually makes me want to make up a reason for a party just so I can get that room.We'll be back soon and hopefully often.  Even though  Mr. Bakula never made an appearance.  Or did he, just as someone else?
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/13/2013,333,174,6,9,6>DRIP is one of the best things about Orlando. I don't even care that it's on I-Drive and I HATE I-Drive. I took a group of lady friends to see a show one weeknight and we were not disappointed. A few things:** Wear a white t-shirt (with something underneath) to get the full experience. ** You're going to get wet, painted, and perhaps a little sandy. It's part of the fun! ** For $8, you get 4 colored domestic beers (colors match the colors in the show)  or wines (not colored, so not as fun). ** The people serving you in the beginning near the bar area? Yeah, they'll probably be a part of the show. Things escalate pretty quickly once the show begins - and it begins outside of the "theater". ** The colors all mean something and the actors really play their "colors" well. ** It's noisy and it's got a love story theme. I like that the show gives you a little bit of room for your own imagination, but that's not for everyone. ** Hang around after the show to mingle with the actors and get their take on the performance. DRIP is a bit pricy, but if you buy the tickets online there's usually a discount code available. It's best to buy them online anyways, as they only allow a certain number of people in per show. Most of us didn't opt in for the "souvenir" t-shirt and we were okay with that - white shirts were way more fun. Also, not sure if this is a regular occurrence, but an oxygen bar was available on the night we went. If you're into that sort of thing, have at it! So, in summation: CHECK THIS SHIT OUT!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/12/2013,94,68,3,5,6>A hidden gem located next door to Will's Pub...look carefully or you might miss it!  Lil Indies has a great vibe - very intimate and laid back, good art on the walls.  The owners are super friendly, and they offer a nice selection of craft beers.  Oh, and did I mention it's SMOKE-FREE!  The place is on the smaller side, so it gets crowded once in awhile.Some nights Lil Indies will feature an art show or a band.  I saw Cook Trio play there and it was awesome!  Thursday nights they have a DJ that plays all 90's music.  I went with a group of friends to check that out and we all had a blast...danced our arses off!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,5/11/2013,209,208,1,7,8>You ask my boyfriend where he wants to go, any day of the week, and his answer is Bull & Bush.Bull & Bush is a small bar in the Milk District, and the oldest pub in Orlando I hear, that is home to dart boards, Golden Tee (which people get crazy about), good English inspired pub food, and awesome drinks.  The bartender who is usually there, God I hate myself for not knowing her name, anyway, she is great everytime we go in.  Newbies beware, it may take a few trips to B&B before they warm up to you, but never fear, it's worth it!I hear there is trivia and stand-up comedy shows there on a regular basis, but I haven't been, so I'm not that keen on those...  Oh!  They are currently celebrating their 25th Anniversary and have a calendar of events up, so I'd look into that if you're looking for a new spot.See you there!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,5/10/2013,307,459,3,6,5>This business opened a few months ago. It basically is connected to Rainbow Sno-Cones, which is next door. At first, I thought that RSC owned this business and that it was expanding, but for now it appears that they're separate. RSC continues to dish out what I consider to be the city's best sno-cones, whereas Ice Cream Treats and Eats offers, as the name suggests, ice cream as well as pizzas, hot dogs and more "eats."I've been here only once (I haven't been down this way often lately), but it was a great experience. I stopped in on a Saturday evening and was greeted and helped by who I believe is the company's owner, Mary. (I think that's right.) She talked to me about the available flavors and what she could do with them and which toppings she had in stock. One particular flavor caught my eye - it was peppermint stick-ish, but also had white chocolate and maybe something else interesting in it. It was really good. I went with a medium-sized cup/plastic dish (I forget which), and I think that cost somewhere between $4-$5 or maybe slightly more than $5. Whatever I paid, it was worth it. There are many other flavors from which to choose, and many of them seemed to be pretty unique and different from what you can get at other ice cream shops, so there may be a hidden gem in here for some Yelpers. Mary said that she was ordering some more flavors soon, too, so there now may be even more than was there during my visit.Milkshakes, floats, take-home ice cream pints, sugarless ice cream and frozen yogurt also is available.The company already seems to have a good following with the local community. It definitely has appeal to younger children (elementary and middle school ages), as many of the pictures on the company's Facebook page (facebook.com/IceCreamTre…) indicate that events for children are held here and that local parents enjoy bringing their families to the store. It seems to be going very well so far and, if the early reports are any indication, future success is on the way.If I begin hanging out more in this area again, I'll definitely stop in every once in a while. Seems like a very nice place.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/9/2013,372,220,3,10,6>Shout out to Feng E. for the great scoop and Tom B for the back up visit!Authentic Chinese cuisine in Orlando (not counting all the "American Chinese" take out spots out there) has long been dominated by Cantonese style Chinese restaurants (most popular for their dim sum and seafood dishes). Recently, a few new places specializing in other regional Chinese cuisine have opened, including Taiwanese cuisine (Teriyaki House) and Shanghai cuisine (Magic Wok).Built adjacent to the Ginza Japanese steakhouse in the Mills 50 District, and connected by a hallway, Chuan Lu Garden serves up refreshingly authentic and tasty Sichuan style dishes not found any where else in Orlando.Sichuan cuisine is known for its sophisticated use of spicy Sichuan peppercorns, chili peppers, garlic, ginger, and peanuts.To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of Sichuan peppercorns - maybe I am a little afraid of them - and the taste isn't for everyone. They're little prickly bombs of spice and numbing flavors. It is definitely an experience for the adventurous though, and it may even grow on you after a while. The spice is a member of the citrus family and there is a little acidity that you can taste when crunching on the peppercorn.At first, there is a fragrant, flowery taste, and then slowly a spicy, tingly, metallic numbness (a flavor called "ma-la" in Chinese) starts at the area of impact on your tongue. The Sichuan peppercorn is prominent in Sichuan cuisine, and can be found in several (but not all) of the dishes served at the new Chuan Lu Garden restaurant in Mills 50. The dining room is a bit small, and walking through the hallway made it feel like going into a secret speak easy kind of a place, but I was told you could order the same menu if you sat in the larger dining room area inside Ginza. I liked the tight feeling of the place though, like eating in some small nook in Manhattan's Chinatown, except we're in Orlando...Our dinner party started with an appetizer: CA13 - Sliced Roast Beef, Stomach, and Tendon with chili sauce and topped with scallions, cilantro, and garlic. Served slightly chilled, the cuts of tendon and beef were fun to eat, with a nice simmering spice level not too hot to be overwhelming. There was almost an addicting flavor to it, with our dining companions continuing to pick at the dish despite their own spiciness tolerance levels.The hand pulled Lanzhou style beef noodle soup (a very popular dish in New York City's Chinatown) was next.Called "Lamian" in Chinese, these noodles are made by stretching and folding the dough into strands of noodles. The Lanzhou noodles here were exceedingly tender and delicious to eat, and the broth and slices of beef brisket were very good as well. I would come here just for the noodles alone if I had the chance.i made a for a short cheesy video of the chef making the hand pulled noodles that i placed on my blog as well as some other photos. Overall, the dishes tried were some of the best Chinese style dishes I've had in Orlando and would definitely warrant a return trip to try their other dishes, like the ChongQing La Zi spicy fried chicken.You can find their menu on chuanlugarden.com
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,5/8/2013,1136,916,2,2,4>I can not believe that the last person to review this place was back on January of 2010 that was over two years ago. I also can not believe that I have lived in Orlando for almost 20 years and have never been here, what was I thinking. First off let me tell you I was a bit shock when I walked in and though the place was a bit larger, I walked in thru the side of the building on the west side and though if I kept walking for a few more feet I would get to the counter but only a few steps after I came in thru the door that I came across the counter to order with in the back were they make the sandwiches is right behind the person that takes the order in a PAPER BAG and then just shouts it out. I literally though I walked in to the 70's or 80's when I was inside this place and they keep it simple and fast. The food was really good .I had the pastrami sandwich with tater tots and a drink ( the combo) for $7.50 witch to me for a small sandwich and some tater tots and what looked to me like a small drink was a bit over priced but do not get me wrong the food was delicious and fast, the food came out so fast I was shocked I was still paying when the sandwich and tater tots were already served then the nice lady at the counter helping asked me very politely if I wanted a lime and a lid with my drink. The pastrami sandwich comes with the meat, melted cheese and onions and your choice of condiments located in a separate area from the ordered area  with such condiments as Ketchup,spicy BBQ, reg BBQ, and mustard plus horsey sauce. If you want lettuce in the sandwich it cost and extra 35 cents, choice of drink are coke products and sweet/unsweetened tea. The staff here was really nice and even though I though the price was some what expensive for what I had, after eating the sandwich I was not worried about the price. The tater tots were okay nothing amazing but not bad and cooked well, I added some spicy BBQ sauce and some horsey sauce(horseradish) and it made the tastes in the sandwich even a million times better making it a happy explosion in my mouth of juicy pastrami and melted cheese with onions ...BOY WAS I HAPPY.The interior of the restaurant is very unique and gets you in to that back in time vibe, the staff is good and the food is good what more can you say about this place. Four stars because they are only open till 3pm, well at least the lobby only the drive thru is open till 5pm. I really wish they were open later so more people could experience this place later as most people work during those times. When I went the other half of the restaurant with tables was close for no reason, not sure if they felt like not wanting people to get the tables dirty so they don't have to clean them or what the deal was but it was odd. I also found it weird the drive thru is completely separate from the cooking or ordering area all the way in the other side of the restaurant, and the weird and creepy clowns hanging from the ceiling that from reading other reviews no one knows about( I did not even bother asking about them) I love supporting local business and this one made my list of places I will come back to again even if I have to drive 8.5 miles to get here.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/7/2013,257,24,5,4,4>Maybe the most friendly waitress I've ever had in my life. The tacos were huge and the marinated chicken was a terrific highlight. I ordered a chicken taco plate with 1 hard and 2 soft tacos and ended up taking 1 on them home because it was so much food. The wife got a burrito that appeared to be the size of an overweight baby and she took 3/4th's of it home as well. They had free beer but I wasn't drinking...still a pretty cool idea if you're not going to spring for the beer and wine license. (I'm only guessing that's why they do it. I saw this back in the day at a pretty popular pizza place.) All in all, it was a good experience. I think our waitress was new, but I seem to be one of the only people that I read about on here that will actually give the person the opportunity to work it out...learn...or whatever. I see far too many overly critical people on here who feel it's their "Yelp" duty to snipe and destroy anyone who doesn't treat them like their at a 5-Star Resort. It's a taco house, people. Take it for what it is and enjoy it. If you're not going to be ok with a young girl being overly polite and learning...well...then I hope you get judged by strangers on a day at your work when you've got to acquire new knowledge about something. As long as you're polite to me, you can be as green as they come. That's far more impressive than knowing the menu back and forth and being a jerk.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/6/2013,171,134,,4,7>I really like this bar. It's a little hard to find at first, upstairs from the Lodge via a fairly nondescript doorway. Inside you will find a full bar and bartenders who know how to make a creative beverage. The menu features one drink in particular that I have ordered several times - the Gin Chicky, which includes habanero simple syrup and egg white. They also have a decent craft brew selection - last week, they hosted a Bell's takeover night, featuring many of the Michigan brewery's more unique beers. I really love the upstairs view of the streets below, it makes for some fun people-watching, especially if there is a show going on at the Social across the street. The spooky tree lighting effects and odd decor of the occasional stuffed pheasant add to the uniqueness of this new downtown bar.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,8/9/2010,181,355,,10,6>Premier CRAFT beer bar in Orlando, and probably all of the Southeast and beyond... One poll ranked this bar as number 4 in the world. Redlight Redlight has an impressive selection of microbrews and imports that will knock your boots off. They rotate inventory regularly to keep it interesting too.  4 nitro taps, 2 hand drawn kegs, upwards of 16 beers on tap and hundreds of bottles and cans. If you're totally lost, there are laminated beer menus around that will make your night out much easier. It's a well designed listing that puts beer into categories, describes the aroma and flavoring and indicates the ABV value. You'll learn about beer by default.Prices are very modest here. A good assortment at the $3 price range including Oskar Blues Mama's Little Yella Pils, Zywiec (16oz tall), Lagunitas Pils and a few others. Any other bar in town charges over $4 for any of these. Like stouts? How about a 20oz draft of Left Hand Milk Stout for a mere $4 smackers? Or a Dunedin Brewmaster's Reserve Stout that has more depth and is even easier to drink than Guinness. :OIf you want to indulge, there is plenty to choose from as well. High end, high alcohol content beers are abound! Nightly happy hour specials that are hard to beat, i.e. $2 off on select styles of beer, which, as I said above tend to fall around $4 to begin with... Bar is NON-smoking, but there is a large patio for those who need a puff. Staff is knowledgeable and helpful. Some people complain about service when it's busy, but honestly this is a specialty bar that requires your patience. Some beers take 3 minutes to pour, etc. Live music multiple days a week, and mostly good stuff. Ca$H only, but there is an ATM inside.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,8/8/2010,101,78,2,3,3>Nice little place for sushi. I can't say that I was overly impressed with what I had (just two basic sushi rolls), but everyone else's plates looked AMAZING! I had to hold myself back from saying... "you going to eat that?"I'd go again, but maybe for lunch instead.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,8/7/2010,60,246,3,7,4>We visited Bauern-Stube yesterday and enjoyed the experience. We ended up spending more than what we had wanted to for a Monday night, but than again we consumed quite a bit of alcohol and dessert as well! One reviewer below said something about this place looking like Hansel and Gretel's house....no way Hansel and Gretel in this day and age would live in some high tech candy land (possibly resembling the sleekness of the Apple Store). When I first entered the restaurant I immediately felt like I had entered the house of someone's crazy/ecclectic grandmother, the kind of old lady that never took down her Christmas ornaments, last updated her decor in the 1970's (there's wood paneling and cuckoo clocks), and uses mismatched table ware because as the years have worn some of her table ware has disappeared or been broken by those pesky grand kids of hers (maybe Hansel and Gretel). The place is cute, and the eccentricity is inviting. When you are seated the server brings a HUGE basket of bread...with about five different types of breads in it (we loved the fruit and nut bread, and the dark whole grain sliced bread). Along with REAL butter, and country crock, I assume the country crock is there because the bread is brought cold/room temperature (makes me sad), and the butter wouldn't melt otherwise (what a tease!). My husband claims that he "accidentally" ordered the liter of beer, the roommate ordered half a liter, and I had a glass of Riesling (I was thinking about half a carafe of the wine which is about three glasses and a better deal, but seeing as how one of us had to be responsible and drive home, I stuck to ordering by the glass. My husband decided to go for the gusto and ordered the sampler platter....It was huge, and almost 30$ But we (I sampled with him, and we still took leftovers home) did get to try almost everything of interest on the menu. The platter had Bratwurst,Wienerschnitzel, Eisbein (pork shank), Rouladen, and Hungarian Goulash. He got the mashed potatoes and a potato pancake (he is anti-cabbage) for his sides. We really enjoyed the bratwurst and the wiener, the goulash was awesome (tasted like my chicken fricassee!), the Pork shank was almost like a ham shank (probably the brine they marinate it in) and even the fat on it was buttery not chewy. But both my husband I agreed that the Rouladen just wasn't our style. He loved the mashed potatoes and the potatoes pancake (which came with sour cream and applesauce on the side), but I thought it was just a tad too greasy for me. I ordered on my own the Rouladen which is described on the menu as "Beef roll, sliced with Spices, Bacon and Onions" and is 16.95$. The description sounds amazing right? And it tasted good, but there was a particular spice blend that wasn't making me want to inhale it (I think it was a combo of coriander and nutmeg, smoke mixed with Christmas in my mouth). Either way the dish was not exactly what I was expecting it was two small rolls (see pics) which were about the size of a cocktail weenie with puff pastry on it (2 inches?), and it was covered in gravy. Those of you that may have read my other reviews know I don't like things soaking in heavy sauces or gravies. I didn't mind it too much on the meat, but did ask that the potatoes have the gravy on the side, but they also came slathered in the gravy. Either way I had a few bites of my rouladen and ignored it the rest of the night, and focused on the potatoes which were tasty, and the red cabbage which was delish! And of course on my husband's sample platter (he needed all the help he could get!). Towards the end of the meal the server (which I believe was the owner of the restaurant) came to our table to taunt us with her evil display of delicious desserts. So we succumbed and my husband, the roommate and I shared the apple strudel which came a la mode! The server also brought us three shots of the complimentary homemade schnapps with whipped cream on top (I overheard her tell another table that the schnapps contain berry juices, Riesling wine, and sierra mist), it is very sweet. Overall, we had a great experience and I would like to go back again. Danke! great service, needs warm bread, loved the complementary schnapps!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,8/6/2010,105,221,3,8,2>The owners just moved down to Orlando from Memphis so you know it's going to be the real deal.  My friend and I decided to share the full rack of St. Louis Rib Plate with side of potato salad, mac & cheese and my favorite fried okras (photo).  They also give you a so very warm and doughy dinner (yeast) roll with your meal.  I could have just eaten the rolls with their BBQ sauce and been happy!  The whole meal was great, too plentiful for me and if we could have eaten more we would have, but I'm glad we had left overs to eat the next day!  I also tried some of the brisket and that was also delicious - I'll try the sliced brisket sandwich next time.The prices aren't bad either (I added a photo of the full menu).  Really nice friendly people who own and work here which makes it a one up from Blackwater BBQ which was my goto BBQ before.  We were all talking about coming back the next day, we just wanted to try  everything.Make sure to ring the cow bell on your way out!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,8/5/2010,11,13,2,5,3>Of the three locations of Lollicups in the Central FL area, this is my favorite. Even though I am closer to the Colonial/Mills location, the parking situation is an absolute pain that I'm willing to go further.In my opinion, Lollicup makes the best boba tea in the area. There is a great selection of flavors, and I certainly prefer a boba tea over a Starbucks drink any day. I rarely get milk teas anymore, but they were a nice alternative to those creamy Frapps you might get.Boba is an experience, for sure. If you've never thought that drinks should have texture, you should try boba. Boba are little tapioca balls that are chewy but firm, sweet but generally flavorless. I always get a lychee or rose tea, and sometimes an apple or strawberry milk tea. It's true, the tea is pretty much just syrup mixed with a tea base, but they offer so many choices that I can't find in your typical tea shop. If you're not an adventurous type, you don't have to get the boba, of course.They make your drink fresh on the spot, so you may have to wait a little while before you get it. The good thing about this location is that there's a little seating area where there's magazines, and lots of art on the walls to look at. I will say that everytime I go there, I am usually the only customer, and that very few people seem to sit and eat (at least during the weekend afternoon hours when I'm there).I've not tried their food, but I noticed they've recently offered sushi.The downside the of course, as pointed out, the price. It's nice as a treat, but I couldn't afford a Lollicup boba tea lifestyle every day. Just be prepared to fork over $4-5 dollars for a cup.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,8/3/2010,48,313,2,5,5>Easily the best pho I've had in probably 10 years.Ok, so it's the only pho I've had in about 10 years - but that still counts, right?Walking in, we were greeted almost immediately by a waiter who showed us to our table. Pho 88 felt a lot brighter and more open than most of the other restaurants I've visited in the Asian district of Orlando. Usually, when we go into one of the restaurants in the area, I'm the only Asian who doesn't speak the native language and everyone just stares at me. At least, that's what it feels like. There was a reasonably diverse crowd here though - with a healthy number of non-Asians in addition to the Vietnamese families. Our waiter was friendly and helped answer some of our questions, but didn't blow us away with his service like some people have experienced there. Based on Yelp recommendations, we ordered vegetable and spring rolls to start. The spring rolls were great, and my wife loved her vegetable rolls. The dipping sauce was delicious.For lunch, we both ordered bowls of soup. I couldn't tell you the names of them other than that I ordered #25 - Beef broth with eye round steak and meat ball. My wife ordered one with crab and shrimp.According to the check, we got the smaller bowls (the menu mentions two sizes, but the waiter did not ask which we wanted). The bowls are huge and can easily provide two meals. In fact, my wife took some home to eat later. Both of our soups were great. Plenty of flavor without being overbearing. The meats were all cooked perfectly. Often times, shrimp in soup comes out overcooked and rubbery - that was not the case here. We both still much prefer udon over pho, but for a good, cheap and huge fix of pho - this is the place.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,8/2/2010,59,148,6,5,2>Don't miss the Tiffany Chapel.  It is absolutely beautiful.  I only wish they had chairs so I could sit and admire it longer.  I took my teen brother and sister and they complained the whole time about being bored and my sister was told to put her cell phone away, LOL!  Next time I go, I'm going ALONE!  I'm sure I'll enjoy it even more without a couple of whiney babies. :o)
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,8/1/2010,27,142,1,4,2>I love this place!!! I've been there a few times this month and love their house salad. Their ginger dressing is divine!!!Their bento box is delicious and also their rolls. Mango roll is one of my favorites.I just wish their service was as great as the food! The hostess is never in the front of the restaurant and the waitress is nice but takes too long to refill my drink or bring my check! Once I was 5 minutes at the door to be seated because the hostess was in the kitchen!!!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,7/31/2010,12,17,5,8,3>Mi Tomatina, mi amor? This tiny, cozy, Winter Park tapas spot has made it onto the coveted list of "places I take girls I'm trying to sleep with." It's oozing with atmosphere, and the pick-at-each-other's-plates tapas thing makes flirting easy for even those as romantically challenging as I (errr... challenged. Although the other way makes sense, too.) Calamari was over-breaded and over-fried, and pretty run-of-the-mill. The paellas were decent, the papa bravas and the empanadas muy excelente, and the scallops delicious. Service was good if a little over-enthusiastic (I hate that restaurants now ask "have you ever dined with us before?" as if they do something fantastically different than the 8,713 other restaurants i've previously been to in my life. You serve food. I eat it. Let's dispense with the epic introductions, please.), but the dude kept us swimming in enough sangria that I wasn't apt to complain about anything. Overall, definitely a place worth checking out - although for a better overall dining experience at a probably slightly higher cost, I still stick with the rarely-mentioned and under-appreciated El Bodegon a few blocks west on 17-92.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,7/30/2010,86,116,,7,4>Kyles Bike Shop is a good shop.They have a good amount of inventory and if they don't have it, they can get it. They offer bike rentals for people who are out of town or need a loaner while theirs is in the shop. They are in a great location in the Milk District, and the staff is helpful and friendly.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/8/2014,86,103,4,9,4>I would not usually review a location based on a take-out order, but WOW.I needed to satisfy a sushi craving and decided to stop by Kabooki on my way home. On the phone, they told me it would take 20-25 minutes for my order to be ready. The host must have heard the disappointment in my voice (since I was nearly there already) and as soon as I walked in said, "Are you Steve? Don't worry, your order shouldn't take too much longer." I sat on the waiting bench expecting to dally on my phone for the next 15 minutes.BUT, the host offered me beverage, brought the check to me pointing out that I could pay ahead of time so I could leave as soon as I was ready AND asked which sauces I would like (No, they didn't charge extra for them!). And wouldn't you know, hardly minutes later my order was ready.I was extremely impressed by the service experience I was provided for a take-out order, I can't wait to come back for table service. Bravo, Kabooki - you did it right! 5 stars.Oh, and the roll was really good, too :)
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,11/7/2014,508,442,2,3,5>Lovely little French café in Windermere area with indoor/outdoor seating.  I searched yelp specifically for a Cronut aka croissant donut. Which are famous in New York City and only found at a few places in the Orlando area.  Service was amazing both on the phone and in person. I called to inquire about the Cronut and the guy on the phone said he had Three left at around 9:30am.  He offered to hold them for me until I got there. I was really surprised he would do this for me considering the high demand for Cronuts. Of course I said yes! I held one vanilla and one chocolate. My mother and I arrived about two hours later.  The cronuts were being held for in the fridge.  Upon arrival I was greeted immediately by a really nice African American gentleman.  He was very engaging with both my mother and I.  More places need to hire happy and friendly people like this guy. My mother had the chocolate and I had the vanilla.  The Cronuts were OK/good.  The cronut was very heavy and very sweet from all the filling.  Next time, I would just want a plain one without vanilla or chocolate.  Each one was almost $5. I probably won't rush back for the cronut but they had a lot of other goodies that I'd like to try in the future.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,11/6/2014,119,305,1,5,2>This is one of my favorite places! I can't believe I haven't reviewed it before now. I am absolutely addicted to their BBQ pork fried rice, and it is truly the best fried rice I've ever had outside of a hibachi restaurant! As other reviewers have mentioned, you can either try the Hot Pot here or you can order off of the regular menu. I have yet to try the hot pot for myself, but it's definitely on my list of things to do! They have great food at great prices. We love the dumplings, the chicken vegetable soup, the fried rice (did I mention that?), and many of their other offerings. The menu is pretty large and is definitely worth a try. The service has always been great, and the servers often make great suggestions. One of them suggested I use the Korean paste sauce from the sauce bar (which I love, by the way) in my fried rice, and now I'm addicted! It's such a fun place to try great food and add your own kick to it by using the sauces, herbs, and veggies available in the sauce bar. Definitely give it a try if you're craving Asian food!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,11/5/2014,39,59,2,5,5>This is definitely my new go-to sandwich company...I can see myself realizing I will be passing through the area for work, and trying to coordinate it around lunch time. I almost felt sad that this place was kind of empty and that more people weren't enjoying the sandwich I had inspired! The ingredients were all fresh, fresh, fresh (which is key for anyone selling sandwiches, btw)...the right amount of crunch, taste, and texture. I'm not sure how anyone manages to eat more than the Small size though! If you do, I would say maybe you aren't ordering enough toppings! Additionally, the staff were really friendly; helpful with questions and suggestions; and I could see myself totally tolerating Dr. Phillips traffic to go to the location there as well, just for one of their sandwiches.Corned beef, swiss, coleslaw, spinach, hot pepper mix, red onion, horseradish mayo.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/4/2014,144,217,6,9,6>Have dined here frequently and it's the best Thai food in the downtown Orlando area. At lunchtime this place is usually packed and there is often a line at (or out) the door. There is a lot of seating so waiting too long is not usually a problem. This restaurant has some some interesting seating with an upstairs and downstairs area.  Of the numerous food items I've had here, my favorite is the chicken pad thai with medium level spice. It's the spicy comfort food I crave! In the past I've also had the crispy fried spring rolls, coconut soup (thom ka gai), red and panang curry. I LOVE the panang curry with jasmine rice, it's so spicy and coconutty (is that a word?). This is my favorite winter restaurant. When you feel cold, or just under the weather, this is the place to come get some steaming hot soup, warm curry, or comforting noodles. Pretty much all the food at Napasorn feels like it can fix what ails you, it just feels healing. Ask for the spice tray to load up on extra red pepper and chopped peanuts, it's great on the pad thai!This place can get slammed at lunchtime, so you will need more than 30 minutes for a sit down lunch here. Call ahead and just pick up something to go if you're short on time. I've always had good experiences with the wait staff here, very attentive even when the restaurant is very full.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/3/2014,60,184,1,4,3>I pass Le Cafe de Paris almost daily and have never stopped in though the little restaurant has always been on my list of places to try.  How I have missed out.  Le Cafe de Paris is a hidden gem just up the street from Orlando's famed Restaurant Row and well worth a visit.Chad and I visited on a Friday morning and the quaint little cafe was bustling.  Items like Croque Madam, baguette sandwiches and omelets make up a small but typical French Bakery menu.  Various pastries line a small case by the counter.Chad ordered the Quiche of the Day which was Spinach the day we visited.  The slice of egg tart was thick and heavily stuffed with sauteed spinach.  We both thought it to be delicious and quite filling.I ordered the Le Parisien Panini - a very typical French sandwich with tomatoes, brie cheese and butter.  I absolutely loved it.  The bread was crusty and fresh, the brie was tangy and the tomatoes were sweet.  The butter flavor was evident but not too heavy.We both had a mixed greens salad alongside our dishes.  Green beans, corn, cucumbers and tomatoes over crisp lettuce and drizzled with an oil and balsamic vinegar dressing.On the outside you may be fooled by the beer branded umbrellas, almost making the restaurant look like a little bar, but on the inside Cafe de Paris is all French.  Right down to the French speaking owners.  This is definitely worth a try if you are a fan of French cuisine and even if you aren't, there are a few options on the menu like a Turkey Panini or breakfast eggs.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,11/2/2014,53,215,1,4,3>I cannot believe that I've been living in Maitland and we were just able to eat here. I'm from SoFL and I have missed Cuban food SO much...the croquetas, sandwiches, ropa vieja, etc. I've tried other places but nothing was like SoFL... until now. Cuban on the Run was just so great. We went for lunch and tried the ham croquetas, cuban sandwich, pan con lechon, and flan. Everything was excellent, except for the flan (it didn't tasted right). My pork sandwich was just yummy, freshly made with TONS of pulled pork con mojo. My husbands cuban was delicious as well with just the right mix of mustard and pickles (some places over do it on the mustard and pickles).Service was great. We took our sweet time trying to figure out what we wanted and the guys were just waiting patiently, giving us recommendations...all of this on a friday afternoon!So in closing, don't hesitate...stop by and taste one of their delicious sandwiches. I can't wait to go back to try their cafe con leche and pastries.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,11/1/2014,22,49,3,3,4>If you remember anything from this review at all let it be this: garlic naan. That's really all you need to start with at Saffron, I guarantee the first bite will convince you you've made the right decision. The coconut curry is nice & creamy & the samosas, oh the samosas, are crispy & filled with delicious Indian spices. The food at this place is delightful!The prices are good too, really affordable. The portions are a good size, you'll walk out satisfied. Check it out if you're craving yummy Indian food in the Dr. Phillips area!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/31/2014,223,368,3,5,4>Excellent pizza!I've been here twice and I am hooked.  Their pizza dough is made daily with a hint of Orlando Brewing's red ale.  One of the BEST pizza crusts I've ever tasted.They have a large selection of gourmet pizzas - ranging from the "normal" (i.e. lots of meats, all veggies) to the unique.  My personal favorites:1.  Shrimp Scampi Pizza.  AMAZING.  Garlic Olive Oil, Whole Milk Mozzarella, Parmesan, Sautéed Shrimp Scampi and Basil.  I thought it would be overly greasy, but it wasn't.  The shrimp were tender and the seasoning was incredible.  Totally delicious.2.  Four Mushroom Pesto Pizza.  Garlic Olive Oil, Fontina Cheese, Button, Cremini, Portabella and Shitake Mushrooms with Fennel and Basil Pesto. 3.  The Baby Argula Salad.  Arugula, Raspberry Vinaigrette, Gorgonzola Cheese, Burgundy Poached Pears and Candied Pecans.  SO GOOD.  The dressing is to die for.The service is great.  The prices are reasonable.  My new place to go to satisfy my (frequent) pizza cravings.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/30/2014,6,46,3,3,3>That's probably the initial reaction of most people to the existence of this burger joint, but it turns out, they do know quite a bit.After hearing from several people, I decided to try it out one Monday night.  They get pretty busy and their place is tiny (I think it was an old Quizno's), but  they offer a flavor of burger different from other places.  Simply put, their burger has their own identity and is welcome to the competition for best Orlando burger.Try them out!  I can't vouch for the rest of their menu, but the burgers were definitely tasty!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,6/20/2012,156,155,,5,3>You can get an awesome mani/pedi for $30...all OPI and Essie products.  They are:CleanRelaxingEfficientdid I mention clean?They will also let you sit in their massage chair for like 30 minutes while your feet dry.  Totally worth an extra $5 tip!!!I always just walk in without an appointment and never have a problem.  If you want to tip them on your card, you have to tell them before they run it.  They will never ask you?  Which is awesome on one hand, because that feels awkward...but I've been embarrassed before when I didn't have cash and they wouldn't run my card again.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,6/19/2012,1136,916,2,6,6>Copacabana Cuban Cafe is a Cuban restaurant in Mount Dora located near the lake on Dora Drawdy way.The place offers In door and out door seating and is pretty nice, it feels like you are acrtually in the carribean with a cabana look in the out side.I ordered the Ropa Vieja with platanos maduros(hard plantains with salt) and black beans and white rice, the meat was really good and tender and the beans and rice were perfect this was probably one of the best Cuban meals I have had at a restaurant outside of home being that I have Cuban in me. I also ordered a Corona and a Sprite and the Corona came with a very cold mug witch made it even better. To Sum it up everything about this place was good, the service was really good and always had someone checking to make sure we were ok, even one of there managers came to check up on everyone. The prices are not to bad for what you get, it is average $11.99 for  a ropa vieja(old clothe)witch  is a meat that is cooked and the separated  by hand and mixed with a sauce that consist of tomatoe sauce and has peppers,  over all the tab for two people with two beers, three sodas and two meals was $34.09 plus tip. If  you happen to be in Mount Dora you need to check this place out, they also have alcoholic drinks like Pina Colada and others, there menu is pretty extensive they have Baca frita , Ropa Vieja and Picadillo just to name a few. The offer Sangria witch is a Spanish drink made with fruit and has alcohol. They also have desserts, but i was to full after my delicious meal to try any of them. From the reviews i have read here we all agree this is a place to visit.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,6/18/2012,88,52,4,45,17>Consider this, if you"re into health and fitness, you probably invest a lot of time and money into your healthy lifestyle. This is why I love this place, the quality of the products at this smoothie shop are superior to anything that you  find in most smoothie joints.  I desperately needed a post workout drink after my gym workout today and we decided to grab a smoothie here. I was so happy to find high quality products without any artificial sweeteners or processed ingredients.  I ordered a chocolate smoothie made with organic cacao powder, almond milk, banana, and whey protein. The result was fantastic. Even better was the attentive service we got from the owner who carefully explained the ingredients he used as showed us more of his products like maca powder, chia seeds, and hemp seeds.  The art on the walls just makes the place very welcoming. This is definitely one of those places where you get what you pay for and what you get if pretty damn good and tasty!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,6/17/2012,398,313,4,2,3>I have been back 7 times since my first review which is only a little over a week ago.  Says a lot about how I feel about this place!  I have indeed tried their Duke Burger which is two patties with onion petals, pulled pork, and bbq sauce with lettuce and mayo.  It was great!  I still prefer their specialty, the fish tacos!  My favorite still remains to be the Big Island Fish Taco which has mandarin oranges on it with a sweet and spicy sauce with lettuce and pineapple salsa.  SOOOO GOOOD!  I am officially addicted, Mr. Hula.  It's not often I go to the same place for lunch AND dinner in the same damn day...  Should I be embarrassed that I come here so often?
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,6/16/2012,40,50,3,4,4>Prepare to be wowed by this fantastic Mediterranean dining experience!  On this night my party of  four ordered the following:Appetizers:  Hummus, Babaghanoush, Tabouli, and Haydari (Thick cream of yogurt mixed with walnuts, spinach, garlic and garnished with fresh dill.)  Entrees:  Marinated Grilled Baby Lamb Chops, Mixed Grill, and Chicken AdanaTo accompany the appetizers, we also ordered Lavas, an enormous puff of bread which is delivered straight to the table warm from the oven.  I've eaten a lot of hummus in my day, but the silken texture of Anatolia's hummus is still in my mouth!  Eaten together, the four appetizers were a fantastic complement to each other.  My order of marinated baby lamb chops -- four small, thin, tender chops -- were well-seasoned and grilled perfectly to order: medium rare.  Entrees are served with delicious rice pilaf, a small red potato, and wonderful grilled veggies: mushrooms, an onion wedge, a chunk of zuchinni, and peppers.  The other diners were very happy with their choice of entrees, and both the mixed grill and chicken adana looked & smelled delicious.  Dessert was offered, but because appetizer & entree portions were so generous, no one in our party had room for it.Service:  Our waiter was attentive -- never far out of earshot, yet not intrusive.  Our appetizers were delivered to the table very quickly after ordering and our entrees were served hot -- straight off the grill.  Ambiance:  Because it was a gorgeous evening, we chose to dine outdoors -- not much of an experience, given that the parking lot of The Marketplace strip mall in Dr. Phillips is just yards away.  But there was a musician playing live dinner music on a keyboard, adding to the experience.  Price range:  Moderate/moderately expensive.  At $32.00, my baby lamb chops were the most expensive entree on the menu, however, the cost of my dinner was offset by a Yelp free appetizer check-in offer.  The mixed grill was $21/per person (min. 2 people), and the chicken adana was $16.50.One member of our party attempted to order a mixed drink, but was gently advised that the restaurant serves only beer & wine.  To accompany my meal, I ordered a nice glass of CA chardonnay, priced at $6.  My companions had soft drinks.This was my third visit to Anatolia, but it won't be my last!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,6/15/2012,131,243,10,6,4>How can one go to see The Hunger Games without first dealing with our own, you know ...  Thankfully, the perfect antidote is right on the way, and where better than raving fan Mike Z's favorite neighborhood pizza haunt Luna's?  Not to try and suck up and influence the stock price, but here's a place I wouldn't even KNOW about if not for YELP (Friday's close, 23.18, dn 0.17%) - even though we go to that Korean grocery store practically "3 doors down" EVERY WEEK, not to mention Bayridge close by.  Luna's is kind of tucked away in the corner, somewhat out of sight.  We arrived just before 1 to find only one table occupied.  The wife and husband team are super cheerful and friendly, something you can't help but notice, and before long, we compared marital longevity (we've got a year on them, and guess what, they'll never catch up!)Even though they had entrees available at very affordable prices (but probably too much food), and the pizzas have been the object of raving reviews (might take too long), we decided on a couple of subs instead.  It was still roughly my usual lunchtime calorie intake - just SQUARED!!  I ordered the sausage with onions and green pepper, but slightly preferred my wife's cheese steak.  And they brought out about a half dozen garlic knots that look as cute as they look appetizing.  No way I was going to touch them, tempted as I was.  My wife was the brave one, and pronounced them delicious.  Toward the end, more tables filled in - a lot of them are on a first name basis.Two subs ($4.99), a cold Peroni ($3.50), and the total after a generous tip is still 18 bucks.  What a steal!  We want to come back for dinner, but slightly fear the limited wine choices.  Still, we'll likely be back soon!p.s. Oooh I almost forgot to mention (well I DID "forget", but now I'll "MENTION") - they have "quaint" bathrooms here.  I'm not talking about supremely decked, but it was clean (can't take that for granted); it had soap that's not watered down (don't laugh - this is often the case in some Chinese/other Asian restaurants!  Was just at The Thai Corner last week...); they had hand lotion (nice touch), a bottle of Guerlain men's cologne (!!  "He sprays, he SCORES!!!), as well as - get this - a bottle of Brut deodorant!  Isn't that the cutest?  I mean, I haven't even SEEN the Brut name in... FOREVER!  The bathrooms were titled "Romeo" and "Juliet". I'm not sure that THAT's such a good idea - didn't Romeo die from something he put in his mouth?
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,6/14/2012,293,472,3,9,5>On a recent night I organized a dinner with a group of fellow Orlando foodies and food bloggers to Shin Sushi. Many of us had heard it was the best in town, obviously a debate that will go on and on, so I thought it would be fun for all of us to go and see what the consensus was.We had a group of 14 and Shin was happy to oblige, though we did not reveal the "special occasion" I think all the high quality cameras and picture taking by many of the attendees may have given us away.The decor is simple but clean wood and silver, the metal chairs kind of surprised me, as I'd always assumed Shin was quite fancy, but luckily I found my chair to be very comfortable. There is plenty of free parking along the street in front and free parking in the garage just behind the restaurant.Service was pleasant and the server was excited to tell us about special menu items and was enthusiastic about certain rolls he liked, though with a big group a few people didn't get their extra ginger and other sides as quickly as we would have liked.I've eaten sushi a number of times at Ichiban downtown years ago and a couple of other times at Amura, but I often forget the names of the different ways sushi is prepared, which seemed to be a common experience among many diners. I've summarized the different ways sushi is served at the bottom for reference.The server failed to mention 2 special items which were not on the menu but were barely legible on the marker board behind the sushi bar:    Hamachi Kama - it was described to us as the jaw and cheek of yellowtail (more info)    Fried Oyster Roll - server was a bit vague about this one and none of our party ended up ordering itI found the Hamachi Kama description exciting so I ordered a one for us to all try. Separating out a bite for each person was a bit of a challenge but many did get to try some. I thought it was quite delicious especially the large chunks of meat that had some of the crisp skin attached to it, it was a nice blend of flavors.For my main dinner I ordered 2 pieces of Nigiri, Toro(tuna belly) and Uni(sea urchin). I've actually prepared Tuna Belly at home on the grill(some say cooking it is a sin) before and I love the flavor when I've prepared it but served as sushi it didn't do much for me.For my main sushi rolls I ordered:    "HIGHWAY 50" $12 (Tuna, cucumber, cream cheese, Sriracha sauce topped with smoked salmon, and avocado) this roll sounded delicious but it's flavors were too mild for me.    "EEL DRAGON" $15 (Half fillet of freshwater eel, cucumber, sweet onion, cream cheese, drizzled with eel sauce) - this was my favorite item of the night by far The cooked eel was unbelievably good. I'm not exactly sure how this is prepared but it seemed to be pan grilled and it had a sweet delicious glaze on it. I could order just the eel on rice and be quite happy.I also tried some spicy tuna which was decent but not really my kind of thing.Fellow Yelper Traveler Foodie was the most knowledgeable among us about the different types of Sushi, Sake and fish, so he was dubbed the sushi whisperer. He recommended we try the horse mackerel but unfortunately they did not have it that day. They did have one of his other recommendations of Uni(sea urchin), so I ordered a piece of that Nigiri style. It was a light orange color and very soft. The flavor reminded me of a light touch of butter, I wasn't sure what to expect but it was surprisingly good.BEEF KUSHI KATSU | 8Four bite-size, crispy, deep-fried with panko, Angus Beef and vegetable skewersSome other interesting menu items we spotted were:YUZU SCALLOPS | 19Five pan-fried jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, sautéed in Yuzu with a soy sauce-butter reductionRolls:LOBSTER VOLCANO | 22California roll topped with Shin volcano & tempura LobsterMANGO SALMON | 8Salmon, mango, cucumber, sesame seedsKARA MUCHO | 9Tuna, salmon, escolar , cucumber, with homemade habaneropuree topped with masago and scallionsSushi Definitions:Sashimi - just the piece of uncooked fishNigiri - same as above but with a small cylinder of sushi rice underneath often with a little band of seaweed to hold it togetherRolls(Maki) - traditional sushi rolls most people are familiar withTempura - a type of breading used on shrimp, asparagus in some Maki(rolls) and many non-sushi dishes most notably Tempura Vegetables.An interesting fact/misconception that many people don't realize is that most sushi isn't actually made with truly raw fish, most of it is previously frozen for food safety. "In the US all fish served raw (like for sushi) has to be previously frozen in order to ensure that all parasites are dead. The only exception is tuna. You can serve raw tuna that wasn't frozen because it's not prone to parasites", More info at the link belowbeyondsalmon.com/2005/12…
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,6/13/2012,57,65,5,10,8>Bistro Europa is a godsend Greek eatery located in the Village. It opened only last year, and it has already become a total hit! I've had a couple of food items here, and all of them have been pleasant. Nevertheless, I do play favorites.Okay, let's get right into it from order of favs:1. The gyro plate comes 'open face' with delicious meat - the term 'open face', I was informed, means that it comes by itself, not wrapped in anything-, extremely good and well seasoned pitas, tomatoes, onions, and a mouth watering white sauce called tzaziki for $8.95. There was a period where I would only want to eat this for lunch. I was officially addicted to it, and I had to attend gyro anonymous meetings to cope and everything. But, I'm all good now. 2. The gyro sandwich comes in a generous size, and it is very scrumptious. The spiced meat, salad, condiments, and tzaziki sauce will take you out of this world. It is all rolled up perfectly in a tasty pita. Make your taste buds and tummy happy with $7.95. 3. The Europa combo comes with delicious gyro, chicken souvlaki (Well seasoned chicken pieces on a stick), tomatoes, onions, tzaziki sauce, and pita. Bring it home for $9.25. 4. While the chicken pesto panini is good too, I would consider it my least favorite from them all. It has grilled chicken, roasted peppers, provolone, and pesto on a ciabatta square. It will do a damage of $7.95 to your pocket. The other items are just very delectable, so this one is certainly overshadowed.Have any of these with either a side of fries or Greek salad. However, I would advise on getting the salad because greek salad is just sooo good. Period. The right amount of tangy flavor and cheese. They offer many other food items that I have yet to try. For instance, you can make your own salad with the varying condiments they have. If you're overwhelmed by the options, you can try one of their signature salads instead. They have many other hot and cold paninis to satisfy everyone's likes. Finally, you can also order from their rotisserie and daily menus.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,6/12/2012,48,286,2,6,6>Dear Peterbrooke Chocolatier, Thank you for making my pipe dream a delicious reality. I am a huge fan of Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce, and somehow decided that I craved a Dark Chocolate Sriracha Truffle.   I made a quiet suggestion on your Facebook page and within an hour you contacted me back saying that they would be ready for me by the weekend.  Fast forward to the pick up moment.  I was allowed to sample my suggestion and it was more than I could have ever imagined.  Sweet, spicy, creamy, decadent heaven in my mouth.  The only person that hasn't loved my truffles has been Small Fry, but she's a wuss.I love, love, love, that you are so open to customer suggestions!!Thank you from the bottom of my super satisfied taste buds....
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,6/11/2012,426,190,3,14,9>Seriously my new favorite place to eat and hang out. Love the entire concept and everything about it. The food is awesome, thanks to their chef from Le Cordon Bleu. I'm trying to find reasons to go back here so I can try everything on the menu. So far i've tried the grilled chicken sandwhich, shrimp and grits, truffle chips, and chicken and waffles.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,1/13/2011,114,283,10,13,11>Love!  Love!  Love!  This place!  Finally a new gay bar in Orlando that isn't a complete dive!   It's open during the day for lunch and dinner, but I came later in the evening for a birthday celebration.  When we arrived, the parking lot was very busy!  We decided to skip even looking for a space and went straight to the valet.  It was only $5 and well worth it.  And after that...?  No cover!  Get out!  What's not to like so far?They're currently in soft opening, so I don't know how much of this will change, but I hope not much.We hung out at the main bar for a few hours.  Our bartender was great!  Unlike most places where you have to hold your money out and hope someone comes to help you, we had the same bartender the entire night and was very attentive.  We never had a problem getting his attention.  I think they each cover a section of the bar which works great.  I started a tab, so I don't know the exact price breakdown of each drink.  But I had such a good time that it didn't bother me to spend the money.All along the bar and on a platform above the bar, they had different guys dancing.  They were even friendly and stopped to talk to us.  The DJ played great music and we hit the dance floor off and on during the night.  There was a drag queen that would come out for a song every now and then.  Did I mention the bathrooms?  Bathrooms are typically treated as unisex anyway at gay bars.  But this one (from the one I went to) bypassed the whole thing and made one huge bathroom for everyone.  And the funniest part was the two way mirror that allowed those out in the hallway to see who was really washing their hands and who wasn't!  LOL  I made sure to make a production out of my hand washing!Mr. Sisters is a breath of fresh air (literally!)  It was smoke free inside, so for once I didn't come home smelling like an ashtray.  Stop by and check it out.  I can't wait to go again!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,1/12/2011,209,153,6,8,6>Who cares about the food? There's too much else to talk about here!1. Beer. Giant beers that made me run home and watch Beerfest. They actually have Das Boot - and the owner of the joint will bring you your beer, which you can't sit down on the table, and you must drink until it's gone. And if it has too much head on it - he'll drink that off for you no problem.2. Entertainment. Two dudes playing accordions and cow bells and a freaking baster - yes, a baster. He plays it well, and they call him a master baster. Yes, out loud in front of everyone.3. Atmosphere. Everyone is drinking, laughing, and loud. It's a roaring good time and I doubt anyone gets pissed off or offended in this place. It oozes good energy.4. Okay the food. I'm not a huge fan of German cuisine, but I had some pork dish that was beyond tender. Their potato pancakes were *aweeeesome* and their sausage sampler app was really, really, REALLY good.  That's all I've got - I'm not sure I added anything of value to this review, but that's okay,... I needed to share. :)
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,1/11/2011,226,115,5,5,5>SUCCESS!! This was my first visit to the Downtown PourHouse, but it will not be my last. The drinks were good (okay, no cider, but they have FireFly; a big win with me), the food was amazing (Shrimp Ignite) and Whitney, our server, was AMAZING! From what I could tell, Whitney was the only server, and although the place is not huge, it was a large crowd for one person to run both drinks and food. Kudos to Whitney; I hope your tips were reflective of a job well done! The place was a little empty when I showed up, around sixish, but by the time we left, around 10, the place was hopping, all tables were filled and it was obvious all of the patrons were having a great time ... personally I think this was a combination of the good company and local celebrities (those who were there; I am sooooo kidding) in the house and the Crimson Tide win!! Woot!! I'll be back.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,1/10/2011,141,222,8,17,9>This particular location has been many things before. A Pizza Hut, a sushi place, a few other things I can't remember, but they never lasted long.We decided to give this place a try after they left a menu in our mailbox with a coupon.I have to say I was really surprised. Their fusion is Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese and Thai. They have a little bit of everything from everywhere on the menu from krab rangoon to steamed dumplings, chicken lettuce wraps and edamame. At our table we had the dumplings, spring rolls, thai hot and sour soup, a yummy roll (sushi), and both the chicken and beef stir fried udon.Nothing was disappointing. The meats were all cut and cooked properly, meaning they didn't have that weird squeaky texture, the noodles were thick and not overcooked, all the vegetables were crisp and fresh even in the soup. Nothing on the menu is over $10. Shocking! This is really higher quality food at lower quality prices. I paid a little under $20 for two drinks, two appetizers and two entrees (with $5 coupon). What?! Yup.Try it. Tell me I'm wrong about it being good. I couldn't finish all the food, I had to bring half of it home. The website is really busy and the menu needs a little work, but they're brand new and still have a few kinks to work out. The ordering system is kind of like Pei Wei, where you order at the register and they bring the food to your table. Self service sodas (no beer or wine yet). Give them a shot, cause I would actually like this place to stick around for a while.PS- they have a punch card! After 6 punches you get a free entrée! FREE! And they deliver!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,1/9/2011,222,330,4,7,5>I recently planned a large social event at this restaurant that's tucked in a shopping plaza off of Kirkman Rd. At first I was a little apprehensive after some confusion concerning my reservation but the servers and staff were super attentive to our party and handled a 30+ table beautifully! Many thanks to Ricky and the servers!We went on a Tuesday night to take advantage of the $1.99 margaritas which were deliciously made and seem to draw a huge crowd (even on a cold Tuesday night in January).I ordered chicken quesadilla which arrived with a a side of seasoned rice and sour cream. Pretty light fare but also delicious and reasonably priced ($10). Other guests in our party raved about their portions as well!While the decor is lovely and modern I will say that unfortunately the restaurant has what I call a "cafeteria echo". Trying to talk over the noise and the music coming from the overhead speakers can be challenging and distracting. I would say it's great for groups up to 20, any more than that could pose a challenge for diners meeting each other for the first time (in my case). If I'm in the area again, I'll definitely return to try more of their robust menu!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,1/8/2011,472,111,2,12,10>Most people do not know about this place over on the East side of town a bit close to UCF, but on Colonial.  I heard about this place from a friend that lived close to the area, and I really think it is one of those spots that doesn't get enough attention but should. I mean they even have a Twitter account....@mariabonitarest - how cool is that, they get Social Media, which really catches my eye!Things to note with Maria Bonita that make them a Mexican restaurant you should visit: 1) 99 cent Margarita Mondays, come on, can you beat that? 2) Authentic Mexican cuisine, some dishes to note: - Fire-grilled chicken breast smothered with sofrito sauce accompanied with sweet maduros (oh man!)- Tacos Mexicanos or  Tradicionales& more!3) Friendly staff that wants to make sure you are taken care of4) Large space for groups, networking events, birthdays, etc!Hard location to visit all the time, but if on that side of town, visit Maria Bonita!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,1/7/2011,238,467,6,7,8>I was blown away by the  pastrami on rye.  That was one crazy big sandwich, lots of meat.  Tons of meat.  The bread was good, but got lost in all that meat.  Wow. The pastrami was really tasty, a bit on the salty side, but was so much better than what you normally find.  Better than boar's head baby... Yeah!The black and white cookies were a surprise as well.  The cookie was kind of fluffy and had a hint of lemon.  The frosting was the way I like it, kind of thin but it covered the cookie.  You had enough to enjoy the frosting, but still could taste the cookie. I dug it.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,1/6/2011,19,45,6,10,7>I was here for the grand opening with Harland Williams. Harland Williams? Mofo awesome. Ambiance? Pretty awesome. The place is big, the prices are appropriate for the Pointe (ie, expensive, but it's on I-drive, so) and the drinks are strong. Dinner is an option, but my date and I already ate prior. Smelled tasty enough, though.Crowd? Pretty awesome, save for the rowdy chick who we sat with who was summarily kicked out.So crowd control? Pretty awesome. Hecklers are dealt with swiftly! Hurrah for security!As for service, well, that's a different story.When you go in, you're asked if you don't mind sitting with other people. We did not. I'm not sure if the servers were equipped to deal with this, as we had made it clear several times we needed separate checks from the people we were sitting with.Imagine my surprise when I was stuck with the bottle of wine my compatriots ordered!We ended up waiting about 20 minutes while I repeated that we had one cocktail and a soda to like 5 different people. This was somewhat buffered by the fact that we just kind of hung out with Harland Williams in the lobby while we waited. He's a nice dude.In the end, I don't know if their computers were going nutty or what, but it seemed an impossibility for me to pay for my soda and cocktail, so they just said to forget about it and it was on the house. That was nice, I just wish it didn't take nearly a half an hour after the show to sort out.However, I DO like this place and I will be back. I know opening nights are nutty, so YOU should definitely give this place a chance. Just be very clear if you're sharing a table with someone that's it's not on all one check and you'll be set! :D
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,1/5/2011,372,220,4,8,5>Mark's Caribbean sits in a small, somewhat shady plaza on the corner of Dean road and University Blvd. My brother Ninh and I were on our way to the park when we decided to drop by one morning. I was in the mood for some delicious Jamaican spicy beef patty.Inside, the decor is minimal, and otherwise pretty typical of a Caribbean joint with bright yellow colors and wooden chairs, creating the feeling of being down home in the islands, or so I would imagine. We ordered our spicy beef patties, denoted by the red dot on the patty, and were good to go.I must say, I did enjoy these patties quite a bit. The bread used for the patty was flaky and crispy, unlike any other patty I have had before. The meat was the usual ground beef in gravy type deal. All in all it was a tasty patty, and I would definitely go back to try the rest of their menu for some good Caribbean cooking.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,1/4/2011,321,407,13,12,8>It's a bit ironic that I waited patiently for the College Park Junktion to open, yet it turned out my first visit was to Thornton Park.  I sat myself outside on a Black Friday overcast afternoon.  All was well, except for an occasional waft of offensive odors from a nearby dumpster.  I may have arrived too early, but it looked as if Thornton Park's Black Friday was somewhat of a bust.  This wasn't the Thornton Park I'm accustomed to on Sundays.  I had no trouble at all finding a parking spot on the street.The music was passable, except for one Hootie and the Blowfish misfortune.  I would have preferred some Neil and Dylan, but that's just me.My server was a hipster sort of a guy, so I tried to be hip back.  I'm nothing but a nerd, so why I keep trying that, I don't know.  I'm more likely to have a hip replacement than to ever be hip again.  Still the service was friendly and efficient.  I felt right at home.The fried zucchini with horseradish was good enough for a return visit.  YUMMO!  NOM NOM NOM!!My hipster waiter recommended the Green Mountain burger with Canadian Bacon, fried egg and cheese, pickle, lettuce and who knows what else.  This mutha was loaded, but was an excellent choice.  On my first bite, the yolk from the fried egg splurted all over my wrist and my watch.  I had to clean up a little bit after that.It was all good though.  I could only eat half of the burger, but my canine inhaled the rest of it.  One of the best burger joints in town?  On my first visit, I say it's a contender.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/29/2014,372,220,4,12,6>The Bull and Bear Restaurant at the Waldorf Astoria Orlando is one of the finest restaurants in Orlando and is probably one of the most overlooked.The restaurant is led by Executive Chef Massimo Falsini, a world class chef who has served as Executive chef at Hilton in Dubai along with Sous Chef Daniel Tederous, a former executive chef at The Capital Grille, Tampa, along with a list of fine restaurants in Atlanta.If Orlando had a Michelin guide, the Bull and Bear at the Waldorf Astoria Orlando would be one of the few restaurants in Orlando I could see making the list.One of the standouts from many standouts was the Pasta Explosion, house made ravioli stuffed with an airy carbonara mousse, parmegiano reggiano cheese, and serrano ham in a white sauce. The name may sound a bit ostenatious, but it aptly and succinctly describes this wonderful dish that just explodes in your mouth with an array of delicate, layered flavors from the serrano ham and parmagiano reggiano cheese filling.The escargot and gnocchi dish was also a huge favorite among my dining companions - very nice flavors with the shimeji mushrooms and escargots complementing each other in texture, and perfectly seared gnocchi that will make you dream about this dish later on, wishing there was more.Roasted Colorado Lamb - Ras al Hanout tagine, Beluga Lentils, Jamon SerranoThe roasted Colorado Lamb dish is inspired from Chef Massimo's time in the middle east, serving as executive chef at the Hilton in Dubai. It was one of the most requested dishes from the wife of a sultan who would often visit his restaurant.The roasted lamb features a Ras el hanout spice, a spice mix from North Africa is Arabic for "head of the shop" and implies a mixture of the best spices the seller has to offer. Commonly used ingredients for the spice mixture include cardamom, clove, cinnamon, ground chili peppers, coriander, cumin, peppercorn, paprika, fenugreek, and turmeric.The lamb is just melt in your mouth tender and delicious, placed on top of cooked beluga lentils and topped with a sprig of rosemary.The pastry team at the Bull and Bear is legendary, no doubt with some influence from Francis Metais, food and beverage director at the Waldorf Astoria Orlando, also a pastry chef by training.The signature dessert is the "Lemon", made from a hollowed out casing of a lemon. The lemon fruit is then used to make a lemon curd, cream, and sorbet - all edible and very unique - and then filled back into the lemon casing.The Chocolate Bar is decadence defined - creamy, smooth Valrhona Carmelia Chocolate with a vodka infused chocolate syrup and a rice krispies center.All in all, Bull and Bear is one of the best restaurants I have tried in Orlando and think they are definitely worthy of more awards. I think it has got to be one of my favorite restaurants that I have visited this year along with Flying Fish Cafe at Disney's Boardwalk. The prices are a bit more on the fine dining end, but very much well worth it.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,3/28/2014,123,206,3,8,6>I have been here a handful of times and each dining experience has been positive. For first timers I suggest an order of the Lavas and Mixed Appetizer (Karisik Meze) dish for sharing. Everything on the appetizer sampler is good but my favorites are the babaganoush (always a fan) and tarama (caviar). Heck I like the haydari as well. Just get the whole thing, it is good.I was not a fan of the liver appetizer but I am not a fan of liver so the plate didn't win me over.Many times I get the stuffed cabbage. It is definitely one of my favorites.The lamb saute is good as well.It can get pricey after all those appetizers and meals; plus wine. This will probably remain a "every once in a while" dining place. Unless the prices reduce...then I will be there all the time.Good news for those who are tired of waiting for a table at the place on a busy night, they will soon be expanding to the space next door. More dining indoors and out!!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/27/2014,363,344,3,8,8>Soooo two guys walk into a bar....that turns out to be a furniture store.....and a bar!? Well let me explain....This place is a furniture store by day. It's filled with a large assortment of furniture shipped to the U.S. by the owners who happen to be world travelers.  Cabinets from India, statues from Bali and sculptures from regions in Africa to name a few of the things you'll find. They decided to experiment with the idea of putting a bar inside and allowing patrons to lounge in the chairs and at the tables that are for sale.  A unique and fun concept.  A large portion of the store is closed off at nights(The place is huge) but there is still plenty of space to enjoy your drinks. There is even a narrow patio area to enjoy a beautiful evening. *Beer and Wine only.  *Live local music Wednesday and Thursday evenings*Nice mix of young and older professionals*Gets more crowded on Friday and Saturday night*Park in the parking lot directly across the street from it Great place to have beer and wine with friends, co-workers or even to take a date. If you are in the mood for something different than the smokey bar scene, this furniture bar could be the fix! 5 stars for the concept, fair prices, beer/wine selection and consistent friendly service from the bartenders.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/26/2014,127,151,2,6,5>2 thumbs up in my book!I visited on a Friday night and was told it would be a 30 minute wait. They take your cell phone number and text you when your table is ready. We went to the bar and ordered drinks and by the time we got them our table was ready. We only waited about 15 minutes which was great. We were seated at a 2 person table which was unfortunately by the door. There was a wall between us and the "entrance" but people were walking by us on their way out. Not totally terrible, but I'd definitely ask to be moved if I ended up sitting there again.Service was friendly and speedy. We barely waited any time at all for our food. I went with the shrimp and grits because I had heard wonderful things about it. It did not disappoint! There wasn't anything left on my plate when I was done. I would have loved to have tried a dessert, but I was way too full from dinner.As a friend of mine said "It is really good food, but if you are expecting AUTHENTIC New Orleans food you will be disappointed." Having not had a whole lot of authentic New Orleans food in my life I was very happy with what I was served, but definitely keep that in mind if you are going to visit.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/24/2014,163,386,,6,5>I enjoy sandwiches, and the more creative the better.  If were going out for a bite I want to get a sandwich I probably wouldn't make at home.  I have found that I can enjoy a tasty creative panini sandwich at Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. My first visit to Hot Krust was during a Yelp Elite event.  Evan the owner had graciously opened up his restaurant for us to sample so many of his wonder panini creations.    I love a great panini and he overwhelmed me with so many tasty sandwiches to choose from.  We got to sample so many sandwiches that I lost track of them.  I have to say that I enjoyed every one of them.  One of the items that blew me away that night was the Baked Sweet Potato Waffle Fries.  These were amazing; I couldn't believe that they were baked and not fried as they were nice and crisp.Another visit I was by myself down by Dr. Philips and thought I'd stop by for a tasty lunch.  It was nice to walk in and have Evan recognize me.  I'd only been to Hot Krust once before, but we did enjoy talking with one another and for him to remember me was very impressive.This visit I went with the Buffalo Bill Chicken and a side of the Sweet Potato Fries.  It was delicious, and I enjoyed the onions and peppers that came on it.  I liked that it wasn't the usual "Buffalo Chicken" sandwich. I am not a fan of soda, so I was happy to see there was a Tropical Fruit tea.  I have to say this tea was wonderful and it had a lovely fruity smell about it.  I appreciate that a "standard" tea wasn't offered.  If I had been dining at night I would have taken advantage of the nice craft beer selection Hot Krust offers.The nice thing about Hot Krust is that they are right off of I-4, so when we were making a road trip to Tampa I knew where I had to stop in for a lunch before our drive.    My oldest daughter was with us and she wanted a Philly Steak Panini.  She's not as adventurous when it comes to food, so it was nice that Evan made her sandwich plain.  The great thing about her sandwich sans the toppings was that the meat is so good that even without anything else it's still a great sandwich.While I think Hot Krust has some of the best panini's in town I opted for a salad this visit.  There are a handful of tasty salads on the menu.  I ordered the Grape Valley with turkey and I was blown away at how good this was.  The turkey is cooked to perfection and the combination with the vegetables was spot on.Hot Krust is one of my favorite spots in Orlando to enjoy a casual bite.  The food has been delicious every visit and it's a great deal too with most items around $7.  Evan is a welcoming owner greeting all of his customers and explaining to them how everything is made fresh.  There are no preservatives and nothing is fried.  Evan has pride in his restaurant and the consumers are the lucky ones who get to benefit from it.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,3/23/2014,33,60,8,6,2>The exterior of my car looked like it had been pulled from the bottom of a lake and I have transported my feverishly shedding Boxer about 12 times in the last 2 weeks. Needless, to say my car was gross. Being that I hate cleaning my car and short on time thanks to Santa's imminent arrival, I decided to take it to a professional for cleaning.Mission: 1 hour lunch break to get inside/outside of car cleaned, get gas and cash to contribute to a work potluck. Add in that Sweetwater is about 10-12 minutes away and this was a tall feat.1:06p: Leave work like a madman. Six precious minutes already wasted talking to a colleague about college football.1:20p: Made good time and Sand Lake Road traffic was only slightly maddening. Pulled in and bought the $21 full car cleaning. Declined the add-ons. Pulled around to the car wash. The attendant wiped my windows, license plate and some other hard to reach areas.1:25p: A conveyer belt ushers my car through a battery of scrubbers. The soap doesn't appear to be as thin as the Hess Self-Service car wash farther down Turkey Lake Road.1:28p: I exit and am genuinely impressed at how clean my car looks. I enter the interior cleaning bay and park behind another car...I curse under my breath as time is getting thin. I get out and the attendant tells me I can wait inside or outside.1:35p: Three guys descend upon my Mazda 3 like a pack of ravenous hyenas on the last zebra leg. Vacuuming, washing windows, wiping the interior and more. They even cleaned the trunk! 1:42p: Car comes out fantastic and the guys I talk to are all very friendly and polite. I see a tip bucket as I walk to my car. Problem is that my wallet is empty (one of my chores was to get potluck money!) so the only tip I was able to give was a thank you...which isn't a tip...it's a thank you. Shame has fallen over me.1:43p: I manage to pay for gas and get cash back at the 7-11 next door. With gas, cash and a clean car I jet back to work.1:59p: My butt hits my work chair with seconds to spare. I revel at my lunchtime efficiency but am saddened that an actual lunch was never consumed...Long story short: VERY impressed with the quality of cleaning. At $20, it is higher than I would like to pay (simply because I know I CAN do the same on a Saturday afternoon) but I believe it is a very fair price. Will definitely be back.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/22/2014,30,190,2,8,4>This will be my go-to Italian joint in Clermont. Every now and then, when you are on a low carb diet, you get a pasta craving.  On cheat days, this will be my destination.I got pizza here the first time, and the wife ordered the pene alla vodka.  She likes a good vodka sauce and they do a great job here.  Service was quick and friendly, and they had the whole family working there.  I definitely want to return and try some of their other pasta dishes.  My pizza was delicious and I ate on it for two days.  I ordered a medium and could barely get 3 slices in, so I had to get a box.  They have a great topping selection and the prices are pretty fair.  I had a custom 3 topping (pepperoni, garlic, and jalapeno) and it was awesome.  It's not the best pizza I ever had, but I had pizza on my mind and it was definitely good. I'll be back the next time I get the pasta craving.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/21/2014,9,49,20,8,7>HIPSTERS! HIPSTERS! HIPSTERS!Now, if you can get by that and truly want to have a good evening, give this place a shot.  The beer selection is outstanding.  After all, "beer is the new wine".  If you like people-watching and judging those that judge, this is the place to be.TIP #1:  Feel free to look happy in this place...it'll help you stand out.TIP #2:  If you've been debating pulling the trigger on those awesome pair of denim manpris at the vintage clothing store...NOW IS THE TIME.  TIP #3:  Do not bring up Lena Dunham.  This should be true for anytime in life, however, especially here.  There is nothing more polarizing that will lead to the most mind-numbing conversation you could possibly have with someone that spent 45 minutes getting ready to look homeless.TIP #4:  Do not bike here with a 10-Speed Beach Cruiser.  You might as well be pulling up in a Hummer.  Fixed Gear only!TIP #5:  If at any point in your life you contemplated growing a handlebar mustache, this would probably be the appropriate place to wear one.  It may take a little while for it to come in just right, but the payoff with the Zooey Deschanel looking hipster (that's not a hipster) bragging about the benefit of Yoga and the Halasana position is well worth the wait.TIP #6:  Be careful with the craft beers.  Some of these contain up to three times the amount of alcohol as your middle of the road lager.  You go home with Zooey and wake up with Lena.  Godspeed.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/20/2014,122,205,1,8,4>I absolutely love this place!  I went for brunch and it's such a great deal.  $30.00 for all you can eat and all you can drink sangria and mimosas.  The red sangria is what I stuck with the entire brunch and it was delicious.  Their brunch buffet is quite a spread.  My two favorite area were the meat carving station and the pasta bar.  They had prime rib, chicken and a third meat which I cannot remember.  At the pasta bar you can choose the type of noodle you want, the sauce and any toppings and it's made fresh and delivered to your table.  They also have an omelette bar and self-serve buffet area with items such as creamed spinach (so delicious), sausage, mashed potatoes, calamari, bacon, salad, sushi, seafood items, cheese, fruit, and a bunch more.The service is slow, but you just need to bare with it.  This place gets packed and the bar gets a little backed up with the all you can drink.  I also think we didn't have the best waiter in the joint and that might have slowed things down even more, but I'm hopeful that the next time will be better service-wise.  If you're lucky, they'll leave a pitcher of whatever you're drinking at the table for easier refills.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,3/19/2014,148,339,,7,4>Artist Point doesn't really sound like a restaurant or even anywhere remotely related to food. And then, even after you realize that it's a restaurant, you are still expecting something very art related. Nope. Pacific Northwestern food and theme is what you get. And I do not mind at all.In this particular dining experience, we tried: Cedar Plank-roasted King Salmon, Pacific Northwest Trio (Buffalo Strip, Venison Loin, Wild Game Sausage), and Artist Point Cobbler. To accompany the food, we tried a couple of cocktails: Washington Apple and Northwestern Exposure. Everything was beyond my expectations - cooked to the appropriate temperatures, seasoned perfectly, and components were complementary.Service was also at the usual Disney level, which is always a good thing. It wasn't too loud, and if you get seated by the window, you may get a glimpse of a beautiful Florida sunset (depending on time of year, of course).Definitely highly recommended when you feel like a sit-down, slight-splurge meal while at Disney.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,9/2/2012,56,82,2,4,1>Love this place for a down and dirty meal. Probably not a good first date spot because you will look a mess after leaving this joint. Wearing a bib is not an option if you want to really get into it! I always get the garlic butter with baby spice on my crawfish and crab legs. Start with 1 pound portions so you can change the spice and try other ones to find your favorite. Service is kinda slow and I always have to chase someone down for my check. Happy hour feature $1 beers! I don't drink beer but the price almost made me order one. Good selection of seafood selections and fried sides. The corn nuggets are mandatory for me! They are delicious fluffy corn puffs filled with cream corn! I'm drooling just talking about them! Prices are reasonable and staff is laid back. They only serve beer and wine! If your a crawfish lover, give this place a try!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,9/1/2012,114,170,1,5,6>Words cannot explain the greatness that is The Dog. Glory is the secret ingredient in all the food, I swear it.This place is a true 5 out of 5 across the board, the food is delicious, the atmosphere is ideal, and the staff and customer service are so freaking amazing!!I have been eating lunch here regularly with my coworkers for a month or two now. The food was so good the first time I thought for sure other items on the menu could not compare......uhhhh I was wrong. They have a new special everyday and I don't know how they come up with the ideas for some of this stuff (sweet potato stuffed with pulled pork, citrus bbq sauce, sour cream, thai chili sauce, scallions and bacon) but they are always amazing.It does not stop there though, they have a few unique soups everyday...my favorites so far have been the potato and steak and the tomato basil. They have a fantastic array of side dishes including roasted potatoes and 2 types of pasta salad. I doubt you will have room for dessert but even if you have to force yourself to eat more, try the cookie sandwiches or cupcakes.....This place is worth a drive, I don't care if you have to make a whole day trip to get here, do it!!!FUN FACT: The owner is 'Fish', a cool surfing chef who hangs there on a regular basis. The guy is pure class and it is no surprise he runs a successful business, he takes time to chat with patrons and make you feel like your at your uncles.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,8/31/2012,59,83,2,5,4>Home style Jamaican and it's damn good.This little "dive" consists of a few tables, a wall of spices and sauces, and the kitchen window where you place your order.  They also have Jamaican patties in a hot display, and some baked dessert (not sure). I would recommend the jerk seasoning (JCS Boston Jerk seasoning) if you want to do your own jerk chicken/wings/pork/fish. Most people take their food to go.I had the jerk pork (Tuesday special) and split the meat with some curry goat because I've never had it.  The pork was awesome, tender, and well seasoned - a fair amount of fat, but also plenty of meat.  The goat was good too - the fat around the bone melts in your mouth (a fattier meat). The jerk had just enough kick and if you want more the hot sauce on the table will do the trick. Just a bit of the hot sauce had me blowing my nose - that's how you know it's good.Meals come with cabbage salad, rice and peas, dumpling, and fried plantain.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,8/30/2012,148,339,,8,8>Chances are, you have dismissed Hana Sushi due to its location. Chances are, those who have enjoyed their wonderful food have left the restaurant smelling like a fish market. Chances are, you didn't care and returned not too long after or have been waiting to return ever since.When I first tried Hana Sushi, I was living in Altamonte Springs and was overjoyed to realize that the best place I've had sushi at in the greater Orlando area was the one closest to me. How convenient!Lately, I'm not as sure anymore that it's the best place to have sushi, but it's definitely still one of the better ones, and I would still gladly recommend it to those who ask. They also serve other typical Japanese food, and they're also just as good. What they lack, however, is good, prompt, and consistent service. I don't mind waiting for my food, especially when it's good, but there isn't really any excuse to being slow in taking drink orders, or food orders, etc.Still, I have been returning semi-regularly, and have introduced friends to it as well.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/29/2012,222,330,3,10,4>Awesome! I couldn't believe some of the prices of some of the dried goods like couscous. The stuff is shipped overseas and is somehow cheaper and available in larger quantities than what I can find at Publix.IFC, where have you been all my life?!I took advantage of the Groupon deal they were having and bought a variety of olives, pastries, couscous, sesame cooking oil and wine from South Africa.Great variety of foods fresh, canned and frozen! I can't wait to try some more!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/28/2012,98,217,3,12,6>Great food, great staff, excellent service and Great value. I loveee cuisine from Spain, Tapas specially. With that said, I have been watching this place like a hawk ever since I saw the Spanish flag with the sign "coming soon" hanging abo I was very excited to see this new place since we have nothing like it around the area.I wanted to try various tapas so that i can evaluate and get an idea of the food quality and compare the same items to others I've had in some of the more upscale Spaniard restaurants, this is my way to come to quick conclusions on whether i want to be back or save my money. Everything I had was delicious including the sangria and desserts. IMO this place can actually go toe-to-toe with some of the more expensive restaurants offering the same type cuisine. Among other things that caught my eyes in the menu, there were anchovies fillets served with olive oil that i really wanted to try but unfortunately it was not available at the time. Hopefully I'll have better luck next time.  The decor inside feels very inviting and casual with an open space and plenty of room and always enjoy the spanish tunes. All in all, I enjoyed everything about paella house, the food, the laid-back atmosphere and the people there. It's a great and unprecedented addition to the food scene in the area and I really hope there are here to stay, that way I don't have to drive to all the way to winter park when in the mood for tapas! I will be back and try their speciality. Paellas. I have my favorite and beloved place to go to for paella and nobody has remotely come close to comparing, let alone topping it, but I'm pulling for this place and hoping that it will be just as good. My SUV and wallet would really appreciate it. So, I will be back to try more in the menu and reevaluate once I have tried the paella. Until then, keep up the good work, Paella house.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/27/2012,47,83,7,16,7>Fellow Yelpers,The literal translation for the word Boteco in English is pub, bar, stall, dive, or even more crudely; hole in the wall.  This name alone is a fascinating pick for this establishment.  In Brazil, eating at the aforementioned places is common among the populace, for only at these 'botecos' can one truly get a quick bite to eat, known as 'petiscos' or appetizers, that range from a wide variety and selection of the most delicious staples of the Brazilian cuisine.Therefore, it's very refreshing to know that someone decided to bundle that entire cultural grub package and ship it all the way to Orlando.  The main difference being that the establishment itself is a clean, modernly decorated, trendy restaurant instead of precisely what its name implies, a hole in the wall.  It has become an instant hit with the local Brazilian community, specifically its younger crowd.  The place has enough outdoor seating to make it a great hang out spot for a few choice drinks and beer straight from Brazil.The staff is all Brazilian, but they also speak fluent English.  The place is nicely set up where you do not get a feeling of being crowded and sitting on top of others.  The restaurant offers a great variety of not only "petiscos" that are popular in Brazil, but also lunch and dinner entrées.The service was fantastic, our server was a sweetheart.  We had a big party with us, and there was plenty of food to go around as the portions were very generous.  The presentation was nice and the prices were extremely reasonable for the quality of the food being served.We started off with some 'bolinhos de bacalhau' (see my photo), 'frango a passarinho' (see my phtoto), and 'aipim frito' (see my photo).  All three 'petiscos' were delicious.  The cod fish cakes were soft and chewy with a semi crunchy breaded shell; the small chicken wings were just at the right mix of dry and moist with a rich taste, and the fried yucca was, well, crunchy and very tasty.For my main entrée I ordered the 'bife a cavalo' (see my photo) which can be translated literally to 'Steak by the horse' or something along these lines.  Not to be confused with horse meat, this essentially is a dish where eggs are draped above a skirt steak with caramelized onions much like a saddle straddles a horse.  This is the best verbal / written description I could formulate to properly describe this delicious dish.  The steak and eggs were complemented by the stereotypical brazilian rice and beans with steak fries and 'farofa', a type of flour served with some dishes in Brazil.The restaurant also has a nice bar area (see my photo) that looks like a hybrid of Ocean Prime, Luma, and any neon back lit bar downtown.  The exception being that it is extremely low key in comparison.  Therefore, if you just want to come here to hang out and have a couple of drinks, it can be just that place for you.  At times there will be a local brazilian artist performing popular classic songs from the motherland, which can be nice and relaxing.Overall, the rating says it all: Go try this place out!Valeu galera!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,8/26/2012,235,176,7,7,6>The five-star reviews of Four Rivers are crazy to see. The amount of reviews (over 300 at this point) is shocking. How did 4R do this? (Yes, 4R is engrained into the minds of most Orlando folks by now - even my brain has been conquered. Was it the bumper sticker? It's a solid, memorable design. I see them almost as often as Apple stickers now.) I'm not a debbie downer, just check my other reviews and see! And their food is good, don't get me wrong. But I am just in awe of this entire thing. I don't think their food deserves capital letters or shouting.I think Orlando was truly missing a fun, modern BBQ place. You know, one of those places you see on the Food Network thousands of miles away from anything resembling Florida. A place that is edgy and creative. A place that uses chalkboards and sells Orangina. Everyone here is tired of shoddy places like Sonny's and all of our other choices for 'Q are always questionable. So when 4R arrived on the scene, they really shook the sky above us. And the fried pickles rained down. Standing in line looking at a five-layer coconut cake helped too. You get this cozy feeling when you are there and forget that you are actually being enveloped in a meaty plan. Everyone has been brainsauced. And those coconut flakes? They are going to tickle your soul.My main kudos to 4R is the fact that they did do everything right and created this BBQ palace. That is what is more impressive than the food.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/25/2012,307,459,5,11,6>To be honest, I probably would not have heard of or noticed The Fifth were it not for the very lovely girl who represented it at Yelp's Summertime Street Soirée a few weekends ago. As the event got underway, it began pouring rain outside, and some friends (including fellow Yelpers, with Chris R. among them) and I took cover underneath The Fifth's tent. The girl who was working at the tent asked me if I'd like a drink (she was serving vodka beverages with different choices of juice); naturally, I said "yes," and the rest, as they say, is history. Maybe a half-dozen vodka drinks later, The Fifth definitely was in my mind, thanks to its wonderful employee and her well-made drinks.I went to The Fifth for lunch last week to have some lunch and to see if I could find that girl I met at the Yelp event. (I mostly was going for the lunch, though! But yeah, she is very striking and was very easy to talk to. Me like.) During the Yelp event, I looked at The Fifth's menu, which the girl provided to event attendees so as to generate some more business/interest. Much of what was on the menu caught my eye - there are a lot of fancy and seemingly delicious items on it.The only bad part about my in-person lunch visit to The Fifth was that I did not see that girl working. (She said that she bartends; perhaps she does at night?) Not a big deal, though I may go back at some point in the future to see how she is. I sat at the bar for lunch and ordered the country-style cheese sandwich ($8), which consists of butcher's-cut peppered bacon, Vermont white Cheddar cheese, Colby pepper Jack cheese and guacamole on a toasted brioche bun. It was excellent and was accompanied by crunchy chips which resembled and tasted similar to bagel chips (which I enjoy very much). These were accompanied by what I at first thought was regular ketchup, but it actually seemed to be a spicy ketchup or spicy ketchup-based sauce (I don't know if it was intended to be used just for the sandwich, but I used it for the chips as well). It was tasty.I'm going to have to go back for lunch sometime since it was very difficult to choose just one item for lunch. I may have to bring someone with me next time so that a few different things can be ordered and each of us can try a little of at least 2 different things. The Fifth BLT, which has the same bacon as is on the cheese sandwich and also has heirloom tomatoes and pico aioli on challah bread (!!!), sounds amazing. Take a look at the menu - there's no shortage of savory choices on it. I would be comfortable ordering almost anything here.The service here was great. I showed up maybe toward the end of the "lunch rush," so for most of my visit I was the only person seated at the bar, though there were several tables of diners away from the bar. The bar's server was very friendly. I had a few drinks when I was here, so my total came to about $20. I am assuming that this isn't the norm, but the Coke in my drinks wasn't very fresh. It seemed flat, but it wasn't the worst soda I've ever had. Regardless, I still finished my drinks and didn't say anything. Maybe I should've, but I'm not overly picky and was more focused on the food and what the place's atmosphere is. Speaking of that, it's very interesting inside of The Fifth. It's hard for me to describe. It has the classiness and appearance of a ritzy bar/club but doesn't seem to be overly pretentious. During my next trip here, I will pay more attention to the décor. As I mentioned, it is pretty fancy. It also appeared to me that the majority, if not all, of the other diners were dressed properly (as was I, for the most part; I wore a dress shirt, jeans and casual dress shoes), so The Fifth seems to attract a certain style of customer. I'm not sure that you'd see the same people or type in here on a Friday/Saturday night as you would at, say, Bar-B-Q Bar. There's a different and more refined/enhanced atmosphere here. You'll see for yourself if you check this place out, whether that's at lunch or for drinks at night. I don't usually go to places similar to The Fifth, but maybe that should change a little bit. I prefer "dive" bars, usually, but this place definitely has an enjoyable vibe to it, one that I definitely could get used to if I stopped by for lunch or a drink every so often.At this time, I highly recommend The Fifth. I'm certain that most Yelpers would enjoy it, even if only for the food. Perhaps the design and atmosphere might be a bit much for some people (and maybe it would've been for me if I didn't occasionally broaden my horizons), but I certainly left my initial visit here feeling very impressed and pleased.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,8/23/2012,206,163,5,3,4>Have you ever had a stare down with your sandwich? The kind where you say, "Such simple ingredients, you can't possibly own me." And then you take a bite and discover, yes, yes indeed your sandwich can own you....or at least your mouth, for a few moments, and you'll even be nice. You'll let that sucker stick around rent free for the time. I ordered the first thing on their menu. It was a ham and brie with tomatoes sandwich. And when I say sandwich, the ham and tomatoes were sandwiched between two pieces of pumpernickel rye and 2 layers of brie. Imagine the brie, being attached to the bread and having that ooey, gooey, creamy cheese warmly hug and press itself into the thinly sliced ham, almost weaving itself between the ribbons, but it can't because it's too thick and creamy to be that easy. It was (insert adjective that makes your eyes roll back here - I like to use sensational). Slighty toasty, creamy, silky, warm, cool, fresh....so many layers of textures, temperatures but all of the flavors rolling into one. Each bite was extreme (insert adjective that makes your mind lift to an alternative state of mind - like bliss). I also ordered their pasta of the day which happened to be a spicy turkey/chicken (can't remember which) mac-n-cheese. This thing looked (insert your favorite over exaggeration adjective here and spell it how you would sound it - like riDICulOUS)!!And their tea selection, (insert favorite adjective that describes a wide range here - like ginormously) seasonal. I had a mango milk tea and it the flavor was so fresh and fruity. By far the most flavorful mango milk tea I've ever had....in all of the land. (Insert emotional adjective here - like MAD) kudos for two things:-The sign in the front that said, "Time to get tea bagged"- Playing my all time favorite band SPOON on my lunch breakService was on par and so were the prices. I'm so glad this place is on my way home from work :]
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,3/4/2010,105,221,6,11,8>FUN for everyone!  I went with a few friend and their kids cam along and we all had a great time.  Bowling, music, arcade games, billiards, golf simulator, gargantuous TV with all kinds of sports and shows on... It's definitely hard to get bored or not find SOMETHING you want to do.They have tons of "specials" and they are well worth keeping track and taking advantage of.  I just went on  a Thursday night and bowling is just $7.77 for 3 games and shoe rental for an additional $0.77.A great place to get together with a bunch of people and not have to worry if everyone is having a good time.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,3/3/2010,334,198,,9,3>I had the pleasure of attending a retro game night hosted recently by the History Center. While I've never been to the center for its historical attributes, I will say that they do an exceptional job hosting events. At the retro game night, for only $5 you get 4 floors of retro games such as Parcheesee, Pictionary, Life, Monopoly and even Mystery Date. On top of the cheap admission price, they had costumed characters parading around with baskets of free snacks and inexpensive refreshments ($1 soda, $2 beer and $3 wine).I didn't get to enjoy the historical attributes of the center, I did take in the beauty of the inside architecture. A stone stairway in the center of the building leads you from one floor to another. Each floor and room takes on its own individual persona with the old court room being decked out from floor to ceiling in beautiful hardwood. Definitely a hidden gem in downtown Orlando. If you have the opportunity, visit the History Center. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,3/2/2010,28,102,6,9,5>Ahhhhhhhhhh - that is the sound of the heavens opening up and the angels singing.  We moved here from CA in May.  We have been searching for something similar to all the fro yo joints on every other corner out there with no luck...until now!!  I was so excited to go into this place and not be let down!This is the type of place where you walk in, choose your size, and serve your own fro yo flavor.  You then top it with whatever you want from their selection, weigh it, and pay!  Easy peasy!  I've been there twice in 3 days.  I can personally tell your that their plain tart, taro, kiwi, and pomegranate mango flavors are amazing!  Their fruit toppings are fresh and don't look like they've been sitting there all day.  They not only have fruit, but tons of others toppings to choose from...anything from nuts to candy bars.  I beg of you, please please please go here.  I need this place to stay in business so I can keep going there.  It's always crowded in there, so I have high hopes!  (They rented out the space next door as well so there is extra seating for everyone)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,3/1/2010,111,174,,4,5>The other night, in typical fashion Marty and I were having trouble deciding on a place to eat. Unfortunately I suggested Infusion Tea in College Park, read him the menu and got him all psyched about trying their nut and honey wrap before I checked their hours. As it turned out they close at 8pm and when we were driving down the road that night it was already 7:45pm. Trying to redeem myself, I thought perhaps their Thornton Park location might have later hours so I called the number on the website. Bad news is that the Thornton Park location (inside Urban Think!) closed permanently a month ago - another victim of the times. The good news was that the girl on the phone said cheerfully, "We are having an art opening tonight anyway so if you show up a little after 8pm, I wouldn't turn you away!" "Seriously I said a bit incredulously, you would still serve us?" "Sure" she replied, "We're like that here."Can I just say how incredibly refreshing and remarkable it was to come across that kind of attitude? Not only did they live up to her promise and let us in when we arrived on their doorstep at 8pm but we were greeted with smiles and made to feel welcome. No one rolled his or her eyes at us or acted put out and impatient as we decided what we wanted (which actually happed to us at an ice cream place while we were on vacation in Sanibel). No one sprayed ammonia cleaner on the tables around us and swept under our feet as we ate our meals (which we've experienced at other places near closing times). No one turned the dining room lights out while we were still finishing our meals (yet another prime example of service we've received elsewhere). The staff at Infusion Tea was helpful, accommodating, and pleasant. They made us feel comfortable - dare I say as if they actually appreciated our business.Marty was able to have his Nut & Honey wrap after all and it was quite tasty. The generously sized whole-wheat wrap came to the table filled with cashew butter, bananas, local Winter Park honey, strawberries and granola. On the side he was served a little fruit salad which was an unexpected treat. I opted for the hummus and veggie wrap. It came brimming with fresh spinach leaves, red onion, bell pepper, cucumber, organic tomatoes and hummus. On the side, I was served a little salad that among other things included edamame, black beans and garbanzo beans. I really appreciated the fact that they had put enough care and thought into the menu to serve side salads that actually complimented the individual wraps rather than using the more typical generic, one side fits all mentality. We shared a pitcher of iced Pineapple Bliss tea.  Marty liked it so much that we bought a tin of it to bring home before we left.  The food at Infusion Tea is fresh, tasty vegetarian fare. Their selection of loose teas is vast and they offer an assortment of baked desserts in addition to gelato. You can also feed your artistic side while you are there by shopping in the attached gallery, which features a variety of local artists and their wares. Most importantly they seem to understand that people have a lot of options when it comes to spending money so they genuinely seem to appreciate the fact that you have chosen to spend some with them. They are like that here.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,2/27/2010,10,74,,4,1>This grocery store will meet all your asian food needs except for certain kinds of fresh fish that I didn't readily see.  They have so many exotic fishes that maybe I overlooked just basic salmon.  Anyways, I go here every now and then but feel the need to still go to Publix to get the basics.  It's not the safest feeling part of town either, but there is security all around the shopping center, so I didn't feel unsafe.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,2/26/2010,18,121,3,5,4>Pretty darn yummy!We wanted to try something a bit different in the area and thought Anatolia fit the bill perfectly.  Hungarian is very heavily influenced by other Mediterranean flavors in the area so if you enjoy those tastes and seasonings you will enjoy the fresh, light and flavorful cuisine at Anatolia!We started off with some of their great Lavas bread - it is baked fresh and warm with olive oil and sesame seeds on top for $2.  You can get complimentary mini-pitas as well.  I tried the Adana Kebab which is a nicely flavored lamb kabob with grilled veggies and rice.  My dining partner got the Feta Cheese plate which was very generous on the portion of cheese and the Ground Wheat Patties which were insanely good - basically little balls of ground lamb with pinenuts, black currants and walnuts.  Service was nice and attentive but we were also the only ones there... :)  Big difference between the prices for lunch and dinner so hit it for lunch if you want to save a few dollars.If you are looking for something yummy and different in the Dr. Phillips area....give Anatolia a try!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,2/25/2010,131,243,4,5,4>Truth be known: the only reason we first went to La Fiesta was on account of some dining program promotion for airline miles.  I know that if you do the math, you'd have to eat a mountain of refried beans and drink a few gallons of margarita before you can even come close to getting a "free" ticket.  And when you do, you quickly find out that, if you tried to use it, you'll need a lot of luck finding a seat, and even then it won't always make sense to burn the miles.  Like last week, when there were seats available, and I tried to fly my son in from Atlanta on Delta, but the fees tallied to $155 (because it's within 2 or 3 weeks of redemption).  At that price, BUY a ticket!  Now where was I. Oh yeah, so the miles (that I can't use), and the fact that I haven't really found a good Mexican yet around where we live - those were the reasons we went to La Fiesta the first time some 3 months ago?  We were pleasantly surprised to find another bonus when we walked in: happy hour two-fer!  Applies to beers (domestic only, I think), well drinks and margaritas - EVERY day!  So if you're not a big drinker, you could conceivably order the dinner for two at $16, which has a combo of a whole bunch of different things, order a couple of margaritas, or four, and skedaddle out of there in 35 minutes, leave a very fat tip, and be only $30 lighter total for two people (but 4 lbs heavier each).  What we liked: 1) lovely chips and salsa (that has cilantro in it, yippee!) 2) pretty good food, especially that chicken cheese thing in a soft taco I think (PLEASE don't test me on their names, as I'm really bad, having flunked Mexican food ID 101, and I have been known to mix up a tamale with a burrito; 3) friendly service, and speedy! 4) great value.  What we disliked: no draft - just bottled beer, and the two-fer margaritas only comes on the rocks (although you could specify salt or no salt) Since that first visit, we've been back 3/4 times, and no other complaints. Plus I really want to see my neighborhood businesses do well.  So please give them a try!  Smooches classiest.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,2/24/2010,19,45,7,6,6>Oh I-Bar, how I adore your blacked out interiors that hold secret treasures of yesteryear. Something like that, anyway.Just one disclaimer -- I generally only go on Indie or 80's nights which are pretty packed, so I have no idea how it is on the less crowded evenings when they're playing different music for a different crowd. That being said, here's some immutable facts: IBar is big. It won't seem that way when you first arrive.  It is also twisty and windy at some points, which makes for fun adventure. As mentioned prior, there's a little bar out front, then two doors that lead back to the dance floor. Unfortunately, the little hidey-hole dance floor for goth music got kind of destroyed by another bar, which makes my little black heart sad as all my spooky kid friends have nowhere to gesticulate wildly with unbridled emo passion any longer. They apparently just threw up some TVs that play dorky stuff all night long.Drinks are strong. I like that they are strong when I drink them. I regret that they are strong when I wake up the next morning. This is a good thing, no matter what my headaches tell me afterward.The main dance floor is nice and well-ventilated (nothing is sadder than a sweaty dance floor) and you can head up to people watch or just get away from the craziness a little bit. The music is always good when I've gone, and the crowd generally matches -- I've never seen a popped collar there, except maybe once, and I'm pretty sure it was being done ironically.Overall, go there if you wanna have a crazy dance party with friends. It never disappoints.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/23/2010,92,92,3,10,6>Decided to visit Pho Vinh a few times before writing a review to make sure it wasn't a fluke. Since I am giving it 4 stars I would say they are real. The first thing that stands out about the restaurant is the distance from the nearest competitor which almost shares the same parking lot (Pho Hoa). But after eating at both several times it's possible for both to coexist depending on your mood. When walking  into Pho Vinh you immediately feel as if you have walked into an upscale restaurant that has an outstanding reputation for food and service. Once you are seated and take a look at the menu you might feel the urge to pinch yourself to make sure the prices are not a misprint. This sense of euphoria is heightened when you actually start to enjoy the delightful dishes they have to offer.I have tried the Rice Vermicelli, Spring Rolls, Pho, and the Pho like dishes that are served with Seafood and your selection of noodles. Everything has exceeded my expectations thus far, and they have consistently provided the same quality every visit. This is a great place to take a date and impress even though your wallet is not at its best!  (Maybe I should trademark that cheesy slogan!)
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,2/22/2010,14,52,4,8,4>My partner and I had a very enjoyable evening here.  Having visited Spain recently, we know the difference between authentic Spanish cuisine and that which only aspires to be.  This is the real thing!   The restaurant has a relaxed but sophisticated look and feel, a good place to go as a couple or with a group of friends.   Fans of  Joan Miro will appreciate the art work and mosaic table tops.You could make a meal of different tapas or go for one of the paellas.  We opted for the tapas route.  Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and beautifully presented.  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu.  Save room for dessert; the San Marco cake is to die for! The wine selection is excellent with good values at different price points.  Service was very good. Highly recommended.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/16/2013,209,208,2,4,6>Orlando Brewing is home to numerous types of organic craft beers, my favorites being the Miami Weiss, Red Ale, and Blonde Ale.  They also have seasonal brews!  If you're not a beer fan, they have a small assortment of wines and ciders to choose from.  Playing DD for the night?  Never fear, sodas are also available.  Near the end of every month I do a small happy dance knowing that Beer:30 is in my near future.  What is Beer:30, you ask?  Well, it's like a holiday that comes once a month at Orlando Brewing!  Some people may just see it as a day of $2 off organic drafts, but it's much more than that.  It's a day to bring all your friends out to shoot some darts, grub on a local food truck, enjoy nice tunes, AND savor a great beer.  What a day. Oh and every Sunday they have their Dog Day!  People are welcome to bring their best canine friends in to share their Brewing experience.  Great place!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/15/2013,69,489,,4,3>What a great experiece! We went on Friday night to celebrate my parents 40th Anniversary and it was an amazing dinner. From the moment we got there, the service was exemplary. The staff at this restaurant definitely knows how to treat a guest. At the end of my review I will discuss the service which I believe was one of the best I've encountered in my life.We began with the Crest salad, Shrimp cocktail and Excargot & Gnocchi and all three were fresh and very tasty. The presentation of the food was beautiful and the portions are enough to leave you wanting more. The chef sent out a complimentary appetizer that consisted of mushroom with black truffle oil on a cracker and I found it exceptional. I don't like mushrooms and this hit the spot so applause to the Chef!  The bread they offer at Bull & Bear is homemade and they bring around a basket with different types of fresh bread and butter. I wish I knew what was in that butter because it was delicious and I want some right now.Moving on to entrees. My dad had the Sea Bass that came with a foam on top (picture) sitting on a bed of vegetables. My mom had the Swordfish and they were both very happy with the freshness of their fish. My wife and I knew we were going to order the famous Tomahawk For Two before we got there and it was everything I though it would be. I can definitely see why its made for two people, the portion is enormous and fills you up enough but leaves room for the much desired dessert. We asked for the meat to be medium rare and it was perfect. The seasoning was spot on and I usually put salt on everything but I didn't need to in this case. The salt they did provide was unique though, one was a smoke flavored salt, one was mineral flavored and a regular salt. The smoke salt had a very unique smell and you could taste the smokiness and I believe it's what they use on the outside of the steak. We ordered mashed potatoes and they were creamy and buttery, just how I like it. Dessert Has Arrived!!! My parents chose to have the Creme Brulee and it came to the table on fire which was eye catching and spectacular. I tried it and it was excellent. I had the famous Lemon. I had never heard of a lemon that was fully edible, skin and all but it exists. They explain the whole process of how it becomes edible and it is a long process and very intricate. The skin becomes soft and caramelized. It has sorbet and a chantilly sauce inside of the lemon. The staff cuts it into bite size pieces tableside and when you put it in your mouth, all the flavors come together. I shared it with everyone at the table and I should have asked for another one because it's that good. My wife had the Chocolate Souffle with the Grand Marnier and it was properly cooked. It was rich in flavor and the balance was spot on.Last but certainly not least, the service! Extraordinary & Amazing!! We had three servers that stayed on top of everything throughout the night. The main waiter was a Brazilian gentleman that was extremely professional and answered all the questions we had. We were never rushed or kept waiting around for anything. The waters were topped off constantly and if I ever turned around to ask for something, someone was right there to assist me. Just based on service, this is a 5 star restaurant. I thank Bull & Bear for making my parents 40th Anniversary memorable and special. We were made to feel as if we were the only ones in the restaurant and I couldn't of have asked for more.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/14/2013,148,339,4,8,7>Jalapeno Popper Flatbread and Brisket Tacos. These two are my current favorites at Gnarly Barley. And with their great selection of craft beers, they won me over completely rather quickly. There are even board games!Seating inside the building is rather limited, with most of their seating actually outside. This is absolutely perfect for when the weather is glorious here in Central Florida, and also if you'd like to bring your pet with you.Parking is plentiful with an overflow lot just beyond the fence. But it can get rather crazy when people don't park properly in the area by the North entrance, so just be careful.Service has been overall pretty darn good. It can get a tad slow occasionally, but they make up for it with their friendliness.I love introducing this place to friends, or going back with people who are familiar with them.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,10/13/2013,60,246,1,4,4>This place is pretty awesome for a sandwich place!  I went here for lunch during the week with my husband and baby.  You order at the counter and then find a table where your food is delivered by waitstaff.  They also bring your order curbside according to their menu so you don't have to get out of the car (awesome idea if you have a kid).  Inside they have one of those awesome new fancy soda machines, and they have tables inside and out.  The place is quite small though, so if going for lunch get there early.  Also, they have only one high chair available, albeit a very nice one with a tray.On our visit I had the buffalo chicken sandwhich and side of truffle fries, both of which were fantastic!!!  And  my husband had the braised beef sammie...it was equally good!!!  I will be back again!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,10/12/2013,70,146,,5,3>Very popular cousin of Pom Pom's, Tako Cheena is a trendy joint down on Mills slinging exotic Latin faire.I know there are a ton of reviews on this place already (and why shouldn't there be, it's damn good) so I'll just give you a cliff notes version of my experience.First and foremost, great staff. Friendly and quick, which is nice cuz this place isn't exactly big inside and that helps promote good turnover for those waiting to sit.The specialty tacos are awesome. The pork belly is sweet and tender the shrimp is ample and plump but I think my favorite is the cod. Nice chunks of white flakiness, crisped up under a small veil of bread crumbs and crowded with the sweet and tangy dressing and assorted toppings it comes with.The empanadas are adventurous. We got two and one (the beef) came with macaroni inside!Crazy. The veggie option with beans and cheese was tasty--got the sweet salsa for dipping and that set it off.I tried one of their hotdogs...the Japadog to be precise.I didn't care for it. The meat itself seemed dried out. I like biting into a dog with a good snap and some juiciness. Both seemingly absent in my order. There was no shortage of toppings though,  ample and overflowing which made it basically taste like I was eating sushi on a bun. Did I mention I don't particularly care for sushi?Why then, did I order a Japadog which clearly lists all ingredients on the menu...those of which read like a sushi roller's grocery list?Clearly because I am an idiot...and twas few beers deep. Poor judgement really.Moving on...I would like to order a burrito the next time I come through, they look massive.Only real knock I have on this place is the bottled drinks. Damn glass bottles just don't seem to get cold enough inside a fridge, should plunge those sucker in an ice bath.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,10/11/2013,90,193,,3,3>Loved this place! If it wasn't for the Yelp reviews that we found while searching for ice cream, we probably wouldn't have stopped here. I've got to admit, a little yellow house selling ice cream seems a bit weird to me, but now that I've tasted the ice cream, I'm sold!The chocolate ice cream with sprinkles and nuts was amazing. My boyfriend got their version of a Dole Whip and he really liked it. Our friends each enjoyed theirs as well.We will definitely be going back when we're near it. So good! And now I want it....
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,10/10/2013,226,31,2,7,5>There's a new aroma wafting down Park Avenue this fall.  I love the smell of fresh frying donuts, and now that delicious scent fills the air as you walk by Peterbrooke Chocolatier.  But these are not just any donuts.  Peterbrooke is the only place on Park Avenue where you can get the latest dessert craze: Broissants!  These confections, sometimes called Cronuts or Doughsants when they're served up in NYC, are made of croissant dough that is fried like a doughnut.  The resulting pastry is light and buttery with many flaky layers, but the foodies at Peterbrooke don't stop there.  They top them with their own fresh, house-made sauces, like strawberries, maple glaze with bacon, and dark chocolate & caramel with fleur de sel.  But the one I keep coming back for is the chocolate peanut butter: it's filled with peanut butter, topped with warm milk chocolate sauce, with a crumbly Nutter Butter topping.  It's pretty much the ultimate dessert for chocolate peanut butter lovers. And while you're there, be sure to try a sample of the chocolate covered popcorn- it sounds weird but is actually quite delicious!  Peterbrooke makes a variety of different chocolates, and they are all so awesome.  This is a must-visit for any visitor to Winter Park!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,10/9/2013,13,27,2,5,2>I stopped by here the other day before parking was annoying on the avenue just to check out the shop. I didn't really want to spend any money but the atmosphere was just so cool and inviting and I wanted to pretend I was a hip person that drank smart coffee. The man behind the counter was very nice and he made me a wonderful cappuccino, and then I accidentally spent another $14 on a bag of their coffee beans. I am making my own little espressos at home and the beans are great. I think one day when I have work to do on my computer I will stop in again and really enjoy the experience. I hope this place stays for good.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/8/2013,498,694,1,6,6>Who doesn't love to skate?  This really brings back memories, and I'm glad I can relive them with my kids.The location can certainly use some TLC, but it is very functional and serves its purpose.  The staff is very friendly, and prices for rentals and food is really not that bad.  The food is decent at best, but again, you are at a roller rink!  The DJ is pretty cheesy, but funny and the music ranges from 80's to todays top hits.This is a great location to have a kids birthday party or just an escape from the Florida heat.#Yelp100
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/7/2013,72,131,,5,4>This place is about as good as it gets in the Orlando area. When you walk in the building the smell of fresh seafood hits you right away. You can get everything from local fish to Mane lobster and everything they carry is very high quality. The prices are a bit high sometimes but fresh seafood is usually a bit more expensive. They can also special order things for you. A few months ago I had the craving for some Walleye, which is a fish native to the Great Lakes; the folks from Lombardi's had it shipped in for me (packed in dry ice) and the fish tasted like it had been pulled straight out of Lake Michigan. Good job Lombardi's!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,1/3/2012,112,206,,10,7>One bad review wasn't going to stop me from trying this place! Upon entry the young girl behind the counter asked me if I'd like to try a pastry! Well of course I would, can't pass up a free mini pastry! I end up buying an assortment of mini pastries, loved every one of them. I also bought a egg an bacon kiesh. I heated that up the next day and really enjoyed it. It was loaded with bacon, (they must know my love affair with bacon). It is a tucked away spot, their surroundings might put you off a bit. But don't be scared. Head on in, you'll be pleasantly surprised on how nice it is inside. Definitely try this place out. It's either a sit down place and you can order breakfast and lunch. Or you can just run in and pick up what you're craving. :-)
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,1/2/2012,60,246,6,9,11>We checked out Oblivion on Saturday night. I was a bit disappointed that they only had one cider on tap (Blackthorn), but the hubs and our friends did like their beer selection quite a bit...so I'll side with them. Our server was really sweet, and very helpful while we were making our orders. And as for the speed of service, I thought it was just fine, as our food and drinks came out at appropriate times. As for the atmosphere really liked the decor. The art on the walls, the hand-painted napkin dispensers, and the music (I heard Siouxie and the Banshees and Muddy Waters within minutes of each other) were all cool. However, I have to agree about the lighting. The place is painted SUPER dark with wine red and black walls, and they're using halogen light bulbs on track lights which are SUPER bright in that environment. It kept making my eyes tired because of all the blinking I was doing. When those suckers burn out I'd recommend going to something a little softer. I mean I want to see my food, but I also don't want my eyes to feel weird. As for the spaciousness...it did feel really empty even though there were a good amount of people there, fill the place in with some plants or some sculptures, or paint some murals on the floor. As for the food...My burger was kick ass! I ordered the Pee Wee, which was a super juicy burger patty on marble rye, with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, thousand island, and corned beef. With the burger I opted for the onion rings, which were not your usual beer or corn-meal batter. If you like very minimal batter on your rings...you may not want to order these, as their rings reminded me of savory mini doughnuts with 3 onion slices inside. The batter is really well seasoned and has a fluffy consistency (they have to be adding baking powder), and instead of one onion slice, I found on average 3-4 in each ring. The onion rings oddly enough reminded me of the "frituras de bacalao" (cod-fish fritters) that my grandmother would make on Good Friday...lol So, I liked them. As for the hubs and our friend they both ordered the Cubano burger. The only thing Cuban about the burger was that it had marinated pork. However, the brioche bun was a bit too hard for this particular sandwich, a softer roll would have been nice, and the choice of cheese was weird (it had feta). In fact now that I am looking at the menu again online...I think they got the wrong burger completely....because the burger didn't have beans or avocado either, and according to the menu wasn't supposed to have cheese. Alright so they messed up our order. Aside from the burgers we all split an order of the wings....which were super tasty. They had barbecue seasoning in lieu of sauce which was really nice. And they reminded me of fried turkey...because even though they were fried they somehow tasted like they had been rotisseried. Yum. Overall, We didn't have a horrible experience...the food was really good, and although they messed up my husband's order, I can probably convince him to go again...which we shall. I think in a few weeks this place will have all the kinks out so we should keep supporting them :)
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,1/1/2012,304,661,,10,7>Enjoyed Magical Dining here with friends, what a lovely evening. If you have not been the Chatham's, Magical Dining Month is a great time to stop by as $30 will get you 4 courses. $30 is the normal cost of an entree at this fine dining establishment.The service is gracious and attentive, like that of a private club. Chef Tony will send out a gift from the kitchen to greet your table and set the tone for the evening. The wine list is great, offering many very nice wines by the bottle and a few nice selections by the glass.Of the starters offered, the Cheese Manicotti was enjoyed by my 3 friends, I enjoyed the shrimp and pasta puttanesca. Great flavors, and not an overwhelming portion. If you arrive very hungry, start with the Manicotti. The salad was very nice and the table also enjoyed the bread, which is a toasted crusty loaf with a pocket of warm feta cheese and garlic in the middle. Yum!Entrees had our table split between the fish and the pork. The pork tenderloin was cooked beautifully and a substantial portion. The fish was a blackened Corvina with a creole sauce, which was spectacular. The seasonings and sauce did not overwhelm the fish, which was cooked perfectly. Everyone was thrilled with their choices.Key Lime pie was creamy, however, not too limey if that is your preference. We would have liked some limey zip. The sorbets are very flavorful and presented beautifully.The evening was paced well and the service was extraordinary. Allow for a few hours to relax and enjoy the experience if you are ordering multi courses. (Pics posted of our courses)
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,12/31/2011,123,206,3,7,7>Great night of fun with some friends. All you need is a private room, some alcohol, friends and a microphone. High tech karaoke machines let you queue up your songs to sing....no matter how bad your singing is.We had a big room with two couches and extra chairs. I believe it was $35 per hour. We ended up splitting it and it came out to about $20 each for the night (we couldn't leave the place).Drinks are $3 each...which isn't a bad deal.It was kind of warm in our room so don't go wearing heavy clothing unless you feel like sweating (reason for only 4 stars).The best part of the night was watching my friend belt out "Last Christmas I gave you my heart" and seeing a woman die and get resuscitated behind her in the Korean video.A good drinking game is to take a drink when the woman cries in one of the videos. A woman cries in every video....it is great.Don't worry about the location. It is pretty close to I-4 and well lit. You should be fine.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,12/30/2011,307,459,2,4,3>I met fellow Yelper Chris R. and one of his friends here one day last week. I'd heard a lot about this place but had never tried it, except for a very small sample I had at the chili cook-off in Baldwin Park earlier this year. That small sample wasn't enough for me to form an opinion, plus I'm a chili fan (vegetarian or otherwise) and I'd heard much about Chili Daddy's varied menu, so I was overdue for a trip here.There's much to be had here - the menu offers tacos, chili by itself, chili dogs, sides and more. I wasn't feeling super-adventurous when I was here, so I opted for three tacos. At least one had the mango chicken in it, and I know I had a pineapple/ginger chicken one, as well. All were tasty and filling. I would definitely try each again, though perhaps if I make it back then I'll have to try at least one chili on its own. I'm curious to give a few others a shot. My mother makes a very good chili, and in the past I've had many other ones that are just as good, so I'm into trying new chilis and experiencing the different spices, ingredients and flavors. There's a lot at Chili Daddy that I'd like to try (I didn't get to try the Frito Pie that I've read so much about), so hopefully I'll be back sooner rather than later.The prices are a little high for my liking, so I'll have to be a little more selective if I make it back here. I wanted to try a few other things, but I'd already paid I think maybe around $8-$9 (?) for the three tacos and a soda, so I didn't want to overdo it.Give this place a try if you like chili or would like some unique tacos. Chris R. recommended the tacos here, and that's what I had, and I didn't leave disappointed or still hungry.One final note: There was a shaker of ghost chili pepper up on the counter. I was tempted to try it, but Chris R. advised against it. I'm morbidly curious to experience it, but maybe I never will. Chris said that even one sprinkle of that on a taco or anything else would require a person to have lots of water, milk and some other stuff handy afterwards. I think he even mentioned a defibrillator or something like that. I think he was just joking about that last part, though ... I think.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,12/29/2011,149,213,,6,4>I have passed by this restaurant many many many times and it's always packed and looks like everyone is having a great time. Now I know why, the food is delicious!!!!  We started with the tator tots..yes, tator tots. Crispy and cooked to perfection, and more than enough to share...reminded us on upscale cafeteria food, in a VERY good way! I ordered the Shrimp and grits (with a bacon sauce, are you serious?!?! BACON SAUCE!!!) ssssoooo tasty and full of flavor. Shrimps were cooked perfectly, grits weren't gritty, just smooth and scrumptious. John ordered the Pork tenderloin and man oh man...I kept wanting to eat his food too. Both of us were very full and very thankful we stopped in.  On Wednesday night it's Ladies NIght so it's half off wells and there's a draft special and a 2for1 on their house wines. Also on the patio (which is super cute and cozy) they have live music. What a great way to spend a Wednesday night, great food, awesome atmosphere and the staff was so amazing. Definetly check it out, I think this will be my new "go to" place here in Debary :)
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,12/28/2011,359,280,3,10,7>A couple of days ago I was battling it out with a sinus infection. It just so happens when you are allergic to a million things it is inevitable to avoid. Let me tell you how it went:Round 1-  The sinus infection showed no mercy while giving me a stuffy nose, headache, fever, along with non stop sneezing. Boo!Round 2- I called Salt Room Halotherapy to make an appt the next business day. Yes this place has a room covered completely in salt so you can win in any battle with a stuffy nose. Since it was my first time the optimistic staff cheered me on and reassured me this room works wonders. In the following link you can view what the salt room looks like:saltroomorlando.com/orla…You can wear whatever you want in the room but they have a special cover for your feet since the floor is even salted. You pick your own lounge chair and sit with about 6 people. I couldn't help to think while sitting down that this room looks like it has a bit of sci-fi feel to it so I entertained myself for 45 mins just looking around. They had magazines and tissues in this room for customers who are seeking other forms of entertainment. That's all you need really since the room does the rest of the job. After the 45 minutes of the session my sinus infection was eliminated. Alas I had clear nasal passages to claim my glory. Salt therapy is effective for all the stuffy nose sufferers!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,12/27/2011,19,37,4,7,5>Nestled in a little plaza, in front of one of the half dozen GIANT Walmart's you'll find in a relatively short radius, hides this tiny little gem. I discovered it on my way to work and was intrigued by any place that specializes in chicken that isn't breaded and greased for ease of heart attack.It's yet to be advertised, as I write this, and is a fair drive from any other points of interest, but this is a reward you'll definitely go out of your way for.When you first walk in, you're enveloped in this whoosh of gorgeous rotisserie chicken aroma behind the counter. It's quaintly decorated in the usual high-quality, blown up photos of random food, as is the trend lately (IE Planet Smoothie). Though they have a picture or two of Bob Marley on the wall, alongside obvious chicken nicknack's and the owner's favorite bands performing live on their plasma TV. The staff, though small, are very nice and dressed in (usually) full chef attire, even behind the register.Nooow food. Their portions, no matter what you may get, are HUGE! Eight different flavors of chicken, ranging from far-Eastern to Middle Eastern and back again. Their tacos come in two flavors, Korean BBQ and basic "Baja" Mexican, served in traditional corn tortillas with big foam bowls of rice and beans as sides. I've yet to have their actual rotisserie meals yet, but they were worth drooling at, prior to ordering.The best thing about this joint, by far, are the BURRITOS. Not just your ordinary average sized tex-mex delights, either. Fully stuffed magnum ONE POUND beasts that make Chipotle cringe! Loaded with the same chicken they slice from the ovens and in 4 different varieties. The "Sweet Fire" is filled with white rice, black beans, pico de gallo sweet chili sauce, fresh cilantro and their Korean BBQ sauce. My favorite, the "Red Pirate", is full of red beans, plantains, yellow rice, cilantro, pico de gallo, and a mix of their creamy mojito and Hawaiian passion sauces... it's AMAZING.Even better? You get one of their tortilla-wrapped monsters, plus a drink, for around $8. What did that get you at that other place again? JUST the burrito that you've had a thousand times before?No horrible lines out the door to wait in, no asking for more filling, NO DEALING WITH THE LOOP!!! What more could you ask for? Go taste the difference (and the relief) for yourself!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,12/26/2011,398,313,3,9,3>Beautiful night club and lounge!  Went here last night for the first time and I was very impressed.  The place is on the sixth floor of the Amway Center and overlooks downtown Orlando and I-4.  Everything was beautiful at One80: the people, the atmosphere, and the view.Also, there's no cover to get in and everyone is dressed "fahncy".
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,12/25/2011,75,67,,5,2>I love this place! Its a 100% vegan market, which is awesome! There is no exaggeration that this place is small. Its tiny, but it has just about everything from vegan cheeses, to breads, to sauces, pastas, to a couple of bath and body care products, pet food, and tons of snack foods. They don't have produce, but it has just about everything a vegan needs to complement a veggie meal. I checked prices on a couple of things, like pasta and compared to whole foods and they were the same. I love that we have so many vegan options popping up around town!Also on Wednesday they have 10% off on Wednesday's and when you purchase more than $25 worth of groceries you get a free jam, and they sell Olde Hearth Bread thats a day old for $1. Also the guy who helped us was very helpful and knowledgable about the merchandise.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,2/23/2012,163,386,1,4,4>I'm enjoying the vibe at Sonoma Draught House.  It has an inviting location on the corner of E Pine & S. Eola, with a large outdoor patio lined with palm trees.  The patio is ideal for all sized groups since it's very large and open.  While I usually enjoy dining outside, this is one of the few places I enjoy eating inside as well.  I like the look of the restaurant; I enjoy how the dark decor is balanced out by the numerous windows.  The bottled chandeliers are very cool and the wall photo of "grandma" having a good time makes me smile.A cool feature they have at the Sonoma Draught House are the handful of tables that have their own TVs.  If you're coming with some friends to watch some sports, you could make yourself right at home.I love that Sonoma Draught House has a large number of craft beers; there are 49 to choose from!  The also have a large selection of bottled beers as well.  One visit I wasn't sure what draft beer to choose, so the waitress suggested a couple and brought some samples to try.  Alongside the nice selection of beers you will find a wine list and a handful of signature cocktails.We've stopped by for dinner a couple of times and have enjoyed our meals.  We liked the pizza very much; it's one of the better pizzas we've discovered since our move to Orlando.  We've also enjoyed the seasoned wings, salads & sandwiches.  The Caprese Sandwich was very tasty.While we've enjoyed getting some dinner and drinks at Sonoma, we've stopped by for Sunday brunch and liked that a lot as well.  Brunch runs from 11am-3pm, and the patio is a great spot to indulge in some mimosas and tasty eats.  The Baked French Toast was delicious.  There were a number of creative items on the brunch menu; including some pizzas made out of pancake batter.  The brunch is a great value with most entrees around $7-$9 and the double mimosas for $4.The Sonoma Draught House is a good spot to grab some food and drinks; especially good beer.  They have a happy hour Monday-Friday from 4:00-6:00pm.  Wednesday you'll find .50 Wings & $3 Brooklyn Lager Pints from open till close.  The service has always been incredibly friendly and engaging.  Whether you're coming with a group or just a few this is a nice spot to enjoy some sports on TV, drinks on the patio or eats in the dining room.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,2/22/2012,56,82,1,2,2>I am updating my review to express my love for the Pork Double D's! If you haven't tried them, you are truly missing out! They are perfect in every way with great texture and taste! Guacamole is awesome as well...so if your downtown and in need of a great taco...Gringos is the place to go. Plus they give free mustache rides :)
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,2/21/2012,151,94,,3,3>only reason this place gets a 4 is becuase i have never been to any other range! but i will say this place is 5 star quality!It was my first time shooting and i have to admit i was a little nervous. the staff was so helpful, informative and gave me the confidence to go in and shoot! They started us off with a revolver and then a 9mm Beretta! One of the staff even said he was impressed of how well we did for first timers with a 9mm! I will def highly recommend this place to anyone! Excellent customer service, wide selection of handguns, pistols and rifles! Pricing was decent, but again I have nothing to compare on!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,2/20/2012,75,80,4,7,7>A+ Great food; caring staff; clean, fresh interior.There is a guy who is a server regularly, I really need to learn his name.  He is kind, personable, and will help you customize your meal to suit your needs.  He is so amazing.  If you are a beginner, he will guide you through the menu.  He seemed equally eager to serve me (adventurous but with dietary restrictions) as he was the nervous couple who "didn't like things to be too flavorful or spicy."  This is the sign of someone who is very well suited to do his job!I had the curry chicken soup.  It was so good.  Spicy, but not too spicy, flavorful and generally amazing.  The lettuce wraps were awesome.The food is fresh and genuine.  These are big pluses in my book.I dream about that soup at night... and when I am at work... and driving.  It was soooo good. When I, inevitably,  got my to go container, the server carefully boxed it up and made sure I had all of the condiments I needed.I can't say enough about how positive my experience was at this resto!  I will be back.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,2/19/2012,89,59,,10,4>This is my new favorite Indian restaurant in Orlando.  I used to drive all the way out to Sand Lake Rd. to go to Memories of India, which is almost as good as Tamarind.  Now that this location in Winter Park, I only have to drive 10 minutes to enjoy an amazing Indian meal.  It just opened last week, and let me tell you, they really have their act together.  The decor is very nice, the service is amazing, and the food is very tasty.  My wife and I ate there for lunch today.  I tried my favorite, lamb vindaloo - Indian hot, and my wife tried the vegetable dosa. The lamb was very tender and the vindaloo gravy was made from scratch with hints of fresh ginger.  My wife had the dosa, which is a Southern Indian dish.  It is basically an Indian crepe, filled with various goodies, like curry potatoes, peas, onions, etc.  The lunch portions are very generous and include a small salad, pickled veggies, yogurt, lentil soup, and naan.  They had all of the traditional Northern Indian items on the dinner menu, as well as lots of delicious Southern Indian dishes.  We loved our lunch so much that we're going back tonight with a large group of our friends for dinner.  Give this restaurant a try.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,2/18/2012,168,185,3,5,4>Free Beer!!!They have a great selection of meats, desserts, salads and condiments......prepared or not. Their selection of steaks are to die for.  And they have free beer!!!Think a smaller Fresh Market. (I go to the one in Longwood)And did I mention they have FREE BEER??!!!!(me like)
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,2/17/2012,54,106,2,8,2>Pom has outdone herself with her new restaurant Tako Cheena!  With great prices, fabulous food and the lovely and talented Pompom running the show, how can you go wrong??  The flavors and ingredients are surprising and delicious!  When reading the menu a you think, "Does that go together, SHOULD that go together"?    Oh, my god, does it ever!!  I started out with an order of her vegetable empanadas, which were a sweet potato and onion. They were sweet and had just a little bit of heat to them.  The empanadas change daily.  We next ordered three different "takos" - a Thai chicken with peanuts, a barbecued cod and a crispy tofu.  They were all superb!  The flavors danced around on my tongue and the colors and textures enticed my senses.  Along with our awesome meal we had Mexican sodas.  Though the decor is a little sparse (Pomilicious decor will come with time), there is no beer and wine (I was assured that would be remedied soon) and she is cash only right now- This place is a sure bet for a delicious meal!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,2/16/2012,426,190,4,10,7>I absolutely LOVE going here! It's total body health and wellness. I go here to restore and boost my healh every week. The price is extremely fair for acupuncture (it's only $15!) and fire cupping is $10. They also have heat saunas and body scrubs. Doctor James Barrow is the best acupuncturist I know. I would recommend everyone coming here!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,2/15/2012,114,90,2,7,4>Wow. I didn't know what to expect from this place. I had alot of mixed feelings about it, there was only one review that was good but you never know what your getting when there is only one. So I was in the mood for some hibachi but did not want to go and sit at one of those family style hibachi grills so I was hoping that this place would delight and serve me hibachi at a table if I ordered sushi too. Much to my surprise when I got there, it was somewhat slow, only a few tables taken, it is still brand new, but the surprise was that it didn't have any hibachi grills, only regular tables and a sushi bar section. So at this point I wasn't sure what to expect because most other places like this that are similar are more like fast food hibachi and its never quite as good as kanki or kobe or such.But this place surprised the heck out of me. I started by ordering the Bay Roll, which was shrimp tempura, with spicy tuna and veges inside and eel outside. One of my favorite combinations of sushi. And when it came out, it looked like a work of art, so beautiful, and tasty too. It wasn't quite as good as say sushi pop, but there was definitely some professional talent behind that sushi roll that made it stand out. So at this point I was happily awaiting the rest of my meal and right about when I finished my sushi, my next course came out, it was the clear onion soup, and ginger salad which were both standard, not great but good I finished both if that makes a difference.Next on to the entree, first off while I was eating my salad, I could hear the chef in the back chopping up stuff and working on the flat top grill, it sounded just like he was doing a chef's demo at my table, but coming from the back, which didn't bother me, actually it was nice to hear, and know my food was being prepared fresh. After my salad and soup, (*which came with my order) my entree came out promptly and steaming as if the japanese chef had just plated it up in front of me. Everything looked awesome, it tasted even better. I could not believe how seriously good the food was. I ordered the Tenderloin and Chicken Hibachi style, and it was about 6-8 dollars cheaper than a standard hibachi grill, at 12.95 for tenderloin and chicken, you can safely say the price was much fairer than what I would normally pay for that meal and there was no question that the quality was as good or better.All in all I had an excellent meal, they served it with the seafood sauce we all love, and vegetables and fried rice, everything overall was more than I could eat as usual so I took home a box that didn't even last 3 hours in my fridge before I ate the leftovers. I will definitely be back and I recommend that more people go in there to support this new local business. Don't be fooled, these guys know what they are doing and the food shows it. The decor and restaurant in general is not flashy and it would be easy to get the wrong impression, but the silence that comes when people are eating happily fills this space when the food comes out, and the restaurant was filled with smiles including my own. Don't be skeered, go give it a try, I would hate to lose this now considered staple in my local ordering area, and the fact that its just around the corner, I may be getting a little fatter as I talk about it and probably start ordering it more often. lol
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,2/14/2012,320,258,,9,5>I've been pretty disappointed with Orlando's sushi selection lately so I was a little skeptical that Seito Sushi was going to be a disappointment as well. I was definitely SO wrong. This place = awesome. Our waitress was great - she was very attentive to our needs that night, making sure our drinks were full, and asking if we needed anything. I got the Kani Su roll which was krab, masago, & avocado wrapped in cucumber. I am a HUGE fan of sushi wrapped in cucumber but I don't find it many places. Let me tell you, it was amazing. I also enjoy the cucumber rolls because without the rice they are on the lighter side so I don't ever feel guilty ordering an additional rice sushi roll =) With that being said, I also got the spicy tuna roll which was great too. Fish was very fresh...basic roll but one of my favorites. Overall, I was very pleased with my experience at Seito sushi. I cannot wait to go back and try other items on the menu!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,5/26/2010,10,74,2,2,2>So my girlfriend and I ventured to this restaurant after reading some pretty good reviews!  As far as vietnamese restaurants are concerned in Orlando, this has to be one of the largest and cleanest I have seen (very comparable to Lac Viet).  Parking is limited behind the restaurant but the lot is connected to other lots where you can park.  The wait staff was very friendly and checked on us during our meal.  As for the food, my girlfriend got the steamed rice with tofu in spicy lemongrass.  The tofu was very good and the rice and sauce were awesome.  There was not as much of a lemongrass taste as I would have liked though.  I ordered the steamed rice with shredded pork, steamed paté and charbroiled pork.  This was an awesome dish!  The fish sauce (nuoc mam) was great.  The servings were very large but it was what I expected for an $8.95 dish.  Overall, I loved this restaurant and can't wait to go back again!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,5/25/2010,28,102,,3,3>I love sushi, I hate seaweed.  Quite the dilemma you see.  Le sigh, what to do, what to do.  Well, I will be coming back to Kirin Sushi, that's what I'll do.  My husband is the huge sushi/sashimi lover.  I go along for the ride.  Wherever we go, I order my roll with soy paper.  They usually deliver me a loosely rolled contraption that falls apart when trying to eat with chopsticks.  Not here.  The roll was decent sized, had just enough rice vs. fish and other ingredients, was tightly rolled, and did not fall apart.  I loved the rolls I had here.  Since it was my first time here, I wasn't overly adventurous.  I had a vegetarian roll and a Philly roll.  Both good in my opinion.  We also had an order of fried gyoza (you can get steamed too) and it was really good here!  I do not eat pork so the fact that they used chicken was excellent in my book.  It was flavorful and delicious!  I highly recommend it.My husband ordered a dinner special that consisted of a bowl of rice and a plate of 8 pieces of nigiri and 8 pieces of sashimi, salad, and miso soup for about $22.  He said for the price it was a good value because the pieces were just the right size.  One bonus of being attached to Thai Singha is that you can get mango and sticky rice for dessert!  Not the best I've ever had, but overall good.  The mango was ripe and the rice good.  Overall a good experience.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,5/24/2010,44,87,,5,3>As a mother of a young, hyper toddler..its always great to find entertaining places to go  to,that will not break your bank, yet keep them BUSY the whole time. THIS IS THAT PLACE! Although we came for a birthday party, so did not have to pay the entrance, this place is awesome! All safe,clean, and sanitized bounce houses, I didn't get anxiety with things that might not be suitable for my daughters  age or size .Everything was perfect for her (3yrs old) .She ran around, and inside one bounce house had a hidden one inside. Super cool. Parents can join in with their kids, but socks are a must. However they had seats and benches everywhere. To host a birthday party is also so organized and great. It isn't like Chuck E Cheeses that everyone has to fit in one room and share good ol chuck with everyone. No... here they make your child feel like a star, with a tshirt for the birthday star, and parties are hosted in their own private room. I love this place, and plan to go back soon. Winter Park location seems to be by far the nicest and cleanest.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,5/23/2010,108,688,1,5,4>Track Shack, I'm elevating you to 5 stars because you've proven yourself as a fantastic store that really gives a damn.  On my recent trip I learned that Track Shack purchashed the home behind the store just so customers had more room to park.  I also love that they participate in the Buy Local Orlando campaign.  Ten percent off really adds up!Lastly, kudos for being so incredibly organized when it comes to race day.  I haven't been disappointed yet!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,5/22/2010,105,221,2,4,3>I took an out of town friend here and she loved it.  It's a definitely a great 1/2 day attraction - especially for animal/reptile buffs and kids.  For about 1/3 of the price of going to one park in Disney or Universal you can enjoy interacting (shows and feeding) with the gators and birds in the park and learn a few things.The highlight of this visit were the white gators.  They have 4 white alligators at the park and I have never seen anything like it!  I've been to the park a few years ago but this is relatively new to the park.  White alligator purse anyone?!?! (btw, the category does say "leather goods" lol)Mainly tourist attraction (and as other reviews mentioned, it's obvious) but I would recommend Floridians who have never been to check it out.  They run a lot of resident specials and it only cost me $9.99!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2010,5/21/2010,149,213,3,3,3>It seems that I only happen to stop in here on Thursday nights...which coincedently is Ladies Night...hmmm... :D  Dexters is also "lovingly" called "The Cougar Den"...so when it's Ladies Night, it's the more mature ladies if ya know what I mean.  I love that I'm 32 and I get carded here almost everytime cause I look like a young lamb amongst the Heathrow Hunnies...yes, that's what we call them. :D  It is hip happening though and it's always very crowded. The dance floor is usually always packed, not saying it's the most graceful dacing, mostly train wrecks, but they are having a great time and isn't that what it's all about these days? Enjoying the moment??  Everyone here definetly enjoys themselves!!! The drinks are good. Martini's are what they are known for, the caramel apple is a fave amongst the crowd. I happen to enjoy their Happy Gilmore which is the Arnold Palmer with sweet tea vodka...drooling!  The staff is at the bar can get over whelmed at times, but it really doesn't take that long to get a drink, especially if you're an attractive lady, the men will part seas to let you in. :D I have infact eaten here a few times and it's always been good.  From burgers to salads it's always fresh, served to order and they have REALLY yummy desserts as well. So check it out and then let me know what you think :D
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,5/17/2010,91,68,,2,3>Quaint, peaceful, simply an oasis in my busy world.I was invited to an unveiling of a friends artwork at the attached co-op one evening and was astounded at the wonderful people and quality food. Rustic and simple decor bring in the warmth of the place and the smiling and friendly staff are more than accommodating. They walked me through a basic intro into tea (wow I felt dumb, but now enlightened) and walked out with a bag of Organic Raspberry Truffle loose leaf tea. For some reason, even when I follow the directions as instructed, the same tea just tastes better when I am sinking into one of their couches and drawing in the ambiance.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,5/16/2010,48,313,,6,4>This tiny tequila bar is located inside the Mexican pavilion at EPCOT. They have 70 different types of tequila that you can get in shots, flights of shots or margaritas. We've had a couple different margaritas, and they've all been fantastic, if just a little pricey (to be expected, you're at Disney, after all). The tapas are reasonably priced and all taste great. Much better than we had expected. So why only 4 stars? First, location. Yes, it's Mexican themed, and so fits inside the Mexican pavilion. But this place needs to be outside of EPCOT. They'd make a killing if they put this place somewhere you didn't have to pay $70 just to get into.Second, size. The first time we went was during the food and wine festival. The tables (which there are not many of) were roped off for a food tasting occurring soon, so you could only order drinks at the bar. The bar is about 10-15 feet long. The bar was full, and the line was out the door. If you want more than one drink, or ordered a tequila flight, you really want to stay there. Of course, that means that everyone else has to wait for someone to leave. The tables were open on our second visit, but there were still people hovering at times waiting for one to open.Third, service. The bartenders are good, and make strong drinks, even if they're not the friendliest or most talkative bunch.  When we went, there was only one waiter - which seems reasonable considering there are only about 7 tables. But he was so slow and inattentive that people were sitting down, waiting and giving up after 10 minutes and just leaving. He would walk by a new customer, drop off food or take an order from another table and completely ignore others. The food and drinks are worth the less than stellar service, I just wish it we could get there without having to go into the park. But if you're already in EPCOT, this place is a must.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,5/15/2010,38,89,3,5,4>Hannibal's is an elegant, enjoyable dining experience.  The bar in particular is beautiful, with almost a mid-century modern look.  Be sure you're not tired when you go though--if you get seated in the enormous plush chairs, you may feel the need to doze off...As for the food, it was consistently good.  Not amazing--nothing blew me or my dining companion away--but everything was tasty and competently prepared.  We tried the escargot (good texture...I didn't feel like I was gumming a piece of conch) and two fish dishes (snapper is recommended).  The highlight was the dessert, which was a sort of upside down apple pie/tart that I think they call the Tart Tatine.  Delicious!  Service at the restaurant was also very good--personable but not annoying, attentive but again, not annoying.  Our server was actually from France and shared some of the backstory on the restaurant.  The bottom line: a good place if you want to dress up and eat some rich, well-prepared food.  If you're on a budget, stick to the gorgeous bar!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,5/14/2010,469,289,3,8,5>Chicago style dogs, this is the place to get them. With a line out the door, you may be waiting a bit, service is quick and pleasant but they mean all business and with as many people come for lunch they have too. I'm also a big fan of their Kraut Dog, and their polish sausage. Seating is limited inside but we always find a spot inside or out. I wish they served coca cola products instead of Pepsi products - just a personal opinion. One of the best if not the best hot dog place in Orlando.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/10/2014,556,227,5,8,10>Love this Farmer's Market set against the gorgeous backdrop of Lake Eola and the Downtown Orlando skyline. As another Yelper mentioned, this could also be called a community or arts market because there is way more than just produce going on here. Jewelry, prepared foods, made-to-order juices, art, produce, handmade soaps, and more make up this crowded outdoor market. This week, I snagged some Tia Chips, which are made from fresh plaintains, and some Spinach Pesto Hummus to eat them with. I couldn't resist the artisan cheeses on display and helped myself to a wedge of blueberry Stilton. (The mango is delicious as well!) After that I moseyed over to the Raw Juice tent and ordered a Hangover Helper; a sweet, gingery green concoction full of fruits and veggies. I was a little late this week so a lot of the produce had been cleared out, but I was still able to stock up on strawberries, peppers, squash and a couple 99 cent baskets of fresh spinach. (All in all I got a bag full of freshness for around $12!) After I finished shopping, I strolled around the lake enjoying my juice and watching all the people out enjoying the day. Pets, frisbees, strumming guitars, and laughing babies were all around, making for a beautiful day to be outside in the city. Lovely experience all around!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/9/2014,103,180,2,9,5>I won a dinner out through a Yelp event and this was one of the places suggested.  I had never heard of it but my friend who was coming with us had been wanting to The Strand so I was game.  And I'm so glad we chose it!!First off, I decided not to get any beer or wine since I'm pretty picky and ordered my standard coke.  It came in an adorable glass bottle!  I ordered the Picnic Basket.  It was a Cornish hen with blue cheese mashed potatoes and wilted greens.  I expected the hen to have skin kind of like rotisserie chicken.  But it came out like fried chicken.  I'm not sure what was in the batter but it was something a touch different and it was delicious!!  The blue cheese mashed potatoes were what sold me on getting the entrée.  Unfortunately, it didn't taste enough like blue cheese for me.  It kind of just tasted like mashed potatoes.  As for the wilted greens, not my favorite thing.  I'd normally substitute them but on the bottom of the menu, it said no substitutions.  And you know what?  I'm so glad I got them.  I decided to try a bite and they were really good!!  I was pleasantly surprised and finished all of them!For dessert we split the infamous olive oil cake and a berry crumble.  I was intrigued with the olive oil cake.  Everyone raved over it, but in my head I thought it would take like olive oil and be disgusting.  Oh I was so wrong!  There was no olive oil taste at all.  It was just a super moist, yummy cake with this lush mascarpone cream on top.  As for the crumble, I'm not really a fruity dessert girl (unless it's bananas) but this crumble was also amazing.  I found myself going back for more and more.I'm so so glad I got to try this place!  I'll definitely be bring friends back here to try it out again!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,7/8/2014,121,263,2,4,2>Great shop.  Very busy but they seem to always have plenty of staff on hand so within a few minutes someone is helping you.  They have a great selection of bikes and accessories from baskets and bells to car carriers, which is what we were shopping for.  They have a great selection of Thule and Yakima racks set up so you can go check them out before decided.  We compared prices and found their bike racks to be within $10-20 of online prices which made the decision easy.  We were somehow able to get the Yakima hitch rack on without too much difficulty at home but it was really nice to know we could go back there and get help if we needed it - they really emphasized that which was nice!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/7/2014,259,906,3,4,3>Great lunch spot tucked inside a tiny mall area with an entrance off of Woodland Blvd. Glass walls with an open design with tables on the inside and a few in the hallway. You order at the walk up counter and they give you a number and you seat yourself. Self serve drink fountain next to a counter with plastic silverware and napkins. Your order is served on a paper covered pie plate and the fries come in their own little white bag.Cheddar Bacon Burger Specifications:- Bun - fresh seedless toasted bun (seems to be grilled on a flat top) comes with a nice spread of mayo all contained in the area of the bun.- Lettuce - fresh washed green leaf with no core present.- Tomato - one fresh slice of flavorful juicy tomato.- Bacon - two slices lean and crisp.- Cheddar Cheese - one slice natural cheddar melted - Burger - approximately 8 ounces of hand formed fresh ground beef cooked perfectly to order you must order it medium or it will be cooked done served open face looking at you.I loved the burger! The fries are the crinkled cut fries but the were actually really good next time I will ask them to brown them a little more. The place is extremely clean the booths show some wear from years of use but that's expected. The staff was very friendly, I definitely will return here being the location is in downtown Deland there are lots of shops to walk through if time allows.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,7/6/2014,62,53,2,9,3>Ok, so I'm going to admit something here....I've been living in the Orlando area since 2002. Yet, I've NEVER been to Beefy King, a legendary old-school burger/sandwich joint, in the Milk District. It's been here since the mid-60s, yet somehow I missed out. Until now...I absolutely loved it. My vegan wife doesn't get it. But I do. It is a throwback to simpler times, awful color palletes and interior design practices...but I love it. I got their signature roast beef sandwich. It was exactly what I expected. Heavy, rich and freakin' awesome! the tots were, well...basic tots. Nothing compared to those at Oblivion. But they aren't meant to be fancy. there is NOTHING fancy about this place. And that is the point!Everything is still super cheap. It's local. It's got a team of really nice people constantly moving about, cooking, smiling, giving you a good experience. It can seem cramped, but who cares? And if you have a vegan partner like I do, you can go next door to Drunken Monkey to satisfy their needs. I've been once, but I will definitely be going back to get my southern/old-school fix for greasy sandwiches!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,7/5/2014,197,592,3,6,5>Whoa hey!  This place is great!  I'll admit that it took me a little longer than usual to walk through the doors due to the "Vegan Kitchen" part of the name, but now that I have, I'm hooked.For better or worse, I can't pass up garlic knots.  We ordered those to start.  They were soft, hot, and stretchy, and the dip was great.  I could have done with some fresh minced garlic on them as well, but I'm a garlic fiend and can say that about basically everything.The black bean burger was incredible. Lots of swirling, complimenting flavors between the patty, sauces, pickle, whatever else was on there, and the fantastic bun.  It's going to be hard not to order that every time I come back, but I'll need to try as much as possible here.  I'm really impressed.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,7/4/2014,161,140,4,11,6>I've been on a roll recently! Been hitting right on the money with these 4/5 star establishments! Now back on topic...Buttery toasted bun. Chunks of lobster. Thick clam chowder. on OBT? WHAT?! Ya heard that right! Its true! AND combo comes with fries or cole slaw. Bar Harbor is a wholesale place just like Lombardi's seafood wholesale. Now, just like them they are opened to the public too with lunch offerings. (I've got a pic of their menu for ya'll that haven't gone there yet)The lobster roll used tail lobster meat and not just claw meat. However, it was on the smaller side but enough for me. The clam chowder used whole clams and they didn't chop it up into clam bits. It vaguely reminded me of clam chowder from Shell's seafood restaurant. That good! I quote my coworker on clam chowder(whose family is from Boston), "The spoon needs to stand up by it self" - its certainly did! The fish and chips were fresh and fried when ordered. It was still piping hot when I bit into it. The prices are decent. $9.95 for lobster roll combo. 4 bucks for a cup of chowder. Its a small shop but I didn't have to wait long, plus service was friendly. It was also very clean in there.  I havent gotten the chance to go back for their raw seafood so I can't comment on that. I've heard good things about their pre-cooked steamed lobster for 5.99. I bet its great for making lobster rolls at home. Lunch is only available Monday to Saturday 11-3!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/3/2014,293,472,3,10,7>After much anticipation Txokos Basque Kitchen opened in Orlando this month in the building housed by East End Market. I've been hearing about the plans for Txokos for what seems like years. I have eaten at it's sister restaurant, Spanish River Grill, in New Smyrna Beach a couple times and was really impressed.I got there at 5:30 just after opening without a reservation and I was the only guest, I saw some familiar faces among the staff which was nice. I sat down at the bar and ordered one of the Spanish Beers. They had a good selection of beers most of which I hadn't heard of. They also had a couple cidras that according to the staff are similar to ciders but not as sweet and drier. I ordered the 1906 beer which was a darker beer and it was quite good. When I visited Spain about 5 years ago their beer selection was quite poor in most places, with the only beers I could find were Estrella Damm and Mahou, both of which are not very good beers in my opinion. As a result during the trip I would order sangrias instead of beer. It was great to find that the staff had made such an effort to find good Spanish beers to serve at Txokos.After my date arrived we moved to a table with a view of the wood burning Asador grill. The wheels you see on the top allow the grill plates to be raised and lowered. This is my one complaint about the evening, while the Asador is very visually appealing the grill created a lot of smoke, so the room got a bit smoky at times. I'm told they are working on putting some equipment in to alleviate this. Also we were there when they had just recently started the grill so the smoke was probably thicker than it would be later in the evening.The name Txokos comes from the Basque region where Spain and France meet and refers to gastronomical societies or groups of friends who get together to cook, sample and talk about food and drinks.From Wikipedia: "During the Franco years, txokos became increasingly popular as they were one of the few places where Basques could legally meet without state control, speak Basque and sing Basque songs as the constitution of the txokos prohibited the discussion of politics on the premises"If you are interested in learning more about Txokos and the Basque region, this book: The Basque History of the World by Mark Kurlansky is required reading by the staff of Txokos.The Txokos logo also reflects it's Basque influence with the 7 pointed star and the Harpoons in it's logo. The Basques were the first to commercially hunt whales. The 7 pointed star in the logo represents the seven provinces of the Basque region.We started our meal with the Manchego and fig appetizer $4. Quite simple and delicious. I loved the sweetness of the fig with the mild flavor of the cheese. It was topped with a sherry dressing. Well worth the money.Next up was the Marrow Bone appetizer $13. Canoe Cut roasted beef bone. Anchovy Vinaigrette, Aioli. This was a superb dish and the bread slice which had a slight char to it was a perfect pairing. The aioli sauce was quite rich and flavorful.For the main courses, I ordered the Oxtail while my companion ordered the pasta.The Sherry braised Oxtail "Matador" with pimentón, mire poix, served over Drunken Goat cheese stone ground grits. $23. The sauce had a rich flavor but it took a little work to get all the meat off the bone. I loved the grits.Fideo Bolognese $23 - Toasted pasta, brisket, foie, Serrano, wild mushrooms. This dish looks rather simple but the taste was excellent.For dessert was shared the tart, Gateau Basque - Almond Custard Tart, Bordeaux cherries, red wine-cherry gastrique $8All the food was wonderful and there wasn't a dud in the bunch.There were many other dishes I will be going back to try, the ones that caught my eye:"Caldo Gallego" - traditional heary stew with beef, pork, beans and greensThe Foie - Duck two ways, liver, egg, porcini, potato pureeand the Wagyu Brisket.Txokos is a great place to stop in for a drink or to take a date for dinner. It's a great addition to the East End Market.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,7/2/2014,60,184,2,3,2>The Crooked Spoon was one of the first food trucks in Orlando and quickly developed a loyal following.  Chef Steve Saelg, a graduate of Cordon Bleu had so much success with the food truck he decided to open a restaurant in Clermont.  In 2013, The Crooked Spoon Gastropub opened its doors in the old Friendly's location near the Citrus Tower and has become an instant hit in Central Florida.  All of my foodie friends have raved about this place.It's a very rustic setting with hardwood floors, a handful of TV's and a huge bar area.  We visited on a rainy afternoon, looking for a little relief from the heavy rain and a good hearty meal.  We were immediately greeted by a bubbly server named Lauren who took great care of us.We started with the Chopped Salad.  We ordered the full size and decided to split it.  The salads are also offered in half sizes.  Our chopped salad had green and red leaf lettuce, frisee, red onion, dates, strawberries and farmers cheese topped with candied pine nuts and tossed in a red wine vinaigrette dressing.  The strawberries were so flavorful with the candied pine nuts and the cheese added a pungent punch of flavor.  There was, however, a lot of lettuce.  We would have loved more of the other toppings.Chad ordered from the blackboard of specials.  He had the Fish Tacos with grilled Mahi Mahi tossed with mixed greens in a citrus herb vinaigrette topped with capers and a drizzle of tzatziki sauce.  He really enjoyed them.On the side he had a choice of fries or their homemade potato crisps.  He chose the crisps and upgraded to a blue cheese topping which just added to their flavor.  Yummy.I was immediately drawn to the Lobster Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  What I thought I was getting was perhaps a grilled cheese sandwich with a tiny amount of lobster meat.  What I got was a grilled cheese sandwich filled with a lobster salad- big chunks of lobster mixed with mayo and spices.  It was so huge I had to eat most of it with a fork.I ordered the fries on the side which were good but nothing special.  They were lightly seasoned and fried golden brown- but I was too enamored by my huge sandwich to really care about those anyway.I can see why The Crooked Spoon has generated so much buzz.  Next time we are trying the Veggie Pasta with cauliflower and brussel sprout leaves.  They also have other items like a Pork Belly BLT and Meatloaf for you meat eaters.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,7/1/2014,498,694,2,9,5>Yes, 5 stars.  This place is unbelievable....  Some of you may remember this as the old Dairy Queen tucked away in the back of 192 near the Winn Dixie.  I have to say it has made a huge transformation and very welcomed in the Kissimmee/Celebration area.We came here for lunch on a Saturday while looking for new placed to eat in the area.  We were greeted by Mike the owner and decided to sit near the TV for one of the World Cup games.  Tabby, our waitress was also great.  She gave us a breakdown of the pretty decent selection of German beers that they carry.  See my pic of the beer board for more information.I decided to go with the sausage special which came with three different types of sausage  and sauerkraut.  My wife ordered the spicy schnitzel.  While not spicy, it was very tasty.  She ordered the red cabbage as a side with hers and it was also delicious.  Everything here is made from scratch..yes, everything.  This is breath of fresh and and I believe better than the Willow Tree in Sanford and much much closer. I can't wait to go back and try some of the excellent authentic menu items.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,12/13/2010,426,190,8,9,8>BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAKS IN THE WORLD!!That's all I have to say. Go try it...NOW!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,12/12/2010,151,45,2,5,4>Trying some more of the local pizza spots around Maitland and Winter Park, I came across Toscana on the corner of Fennel and Keller in Maitland. Walking in, there's not a ton of pizazz to the place: just an open area with a few tables and chairs, a counter with the staff and a few pre-made pizzas for the by-the-slice crowd, a mound of butter-soaked garlic knots just begging to be popped in the oven. Very straightforward and inviting, just what I like!I ordered my standard, the pepperoni slice, with a small order of garlic knots (6 per order, they're small) to round out the meal. A NY Style type of establishment, the slices were larger but thinner. Of course, the litmus test of any NY Style slice is it's foldability, and Toscana passed with flying colors. The pizza is also a bit crispy, but still substantial not overcooked by any means, with a few slivers of mozzarella sprinkled on top to cover the toppings a bit. The bite-sized garlic knots were buttery and bold, but may not be priced correctly to fly off the shelves ($2.99 for six golf ball sized knots).The quality of the pizza impresses more than the decor at Toscana, and any pizza-lover would feel well-served by the offerings here. I'm looking forward to my next visit and perhaps one of their specialty pizzas. If you're in the mood for something new, give Toscana a try!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/11/2010,74,56,8,17,12>Boyyyy, looky here!  In my 29 years, I have to start off by saying this food truck is purveying THE BEST smoked ribs I've had in a long time.About a month ago, on the way down West Colonial, I saw a gentleman rocking a wool Rastafari cap, flipping meat on a large smoker in front of a Caribbean themed food truck.  I was tempted to stop right then and there, but made a mental note to come visit on a future outing.  So this weekend, I decided to make the commute and it was wellll worth it.  As soon as I was in vicinity of the truck, without even getting a visual, I could smell barbecue wafting into my car through the windows!  I knew I was minutes away from some good eatin'.One Love Kitchen is bonafide Island fare.  I chatted with the cook manning the smoker and asked him a few questions about their food before walking up to the truck to peruse the menu.  I thoroughly enjoyed his passion and enthusiam for his cuisine.  Here's what you can expect.. your choice of an entree and 1 or 2 sides.Entrees include smoked BBQ Beef/Pork ribs, Jerk Stew Fish, Brown Stew Fish, Jerk Chicken/Shrimp/Fish, Fried Snapper, Curry Chicken/Shrimp and Conch.  Sides include Baked Macaroni and Cheese, Rice and Peas, Potato Salad, Veggies, Onion Rings, French Fries and Salad.  After reviewing the selection, I asked a few of the regulars what they recommended and the consensus was RIBS.  So I took their advice and ordered up some ribs and a side of Rice and Peas.  I didn't know what to expect, but knew I was in for a treat.  The woman taking my order was very helpful when I asked her a few questions about their ribs and sides.  I waited about 5 minutes before she called me back up to the window to hand me my order.  When I took the to-go box from her, my arm immediately felt the weight of the food.  I was surprised at how heavy it was.  Sweet!When I opened the box inside my car, my eyes nearly popped out of their sockets!  Jamaican me crazy!  I didn't expect to see such decadent and bountiful ribs!  For some reason, I thought they would be short ribs.  No no no, these bad boys were the REAL DEAL.  The 4-5 pork ribs were ohhh sooo tender and were essentially sliding off the bone without any help from me.  Drool, and their sweet flavored BBQ sauce was an excellent compliment to the deep smokey flavor of the pork.  Good thing I was alone because if I were eating with a friend, they'd be astonished and maybe even repulsed at how I was laying into these ribs as if I went on a week long fast.  These ribs were so good and indulgent I felt like I was committing a sinful act.  The rice and peas were delicious as well.  Lightly seasoned with slivers of carrot and onion was a fabulous contrast to the savory entree.This is one of the absolute best food trucks in Orlando.  I will make it a point to go back and try their Brown Stew Fish, Curry Chicken and Jerk Wings. Just a few notes.  The place is on the corner of Pine Hills Rd and W. Colonial so the area doesn't have the best reputation.  But rest assured, the owners and clientele were very friendly and I felt welcomed.  They do take credit/debit cards.  I'm not sure what their hours are, but they are open from 7pm to late into the night on the weekends.  If I can confirm the phone number, I'll update the business info.  That way, for added convenience, you could call ahead before picking up your order.This place seriously owns.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,12/10/2010,23,33,,4,2>I love this dog park. I too have been to many others in the area and they just can't compare. That being said I have a large dog and he LOVES the water. I have seen many small dogs come here and unless you keep them away from the water ( when the park is really crowded at least) there is a good chance they will get run over by the larger dogs at times. They don't mean too but there are so many dogs to play with! The lake is huge and water dogs have a blast. There is also a small walking trail on the side of the park. If there are two of you at the park with your dog try going on different paths and play "hide and seek" with your dog. It is quite funny and makes them think. I would be more careful coming here on the weekends. If it is your first time going it might be a little overwhelming. It can get a little out of control at times. I've seen the random dog fights, people get knocked over because they weren't paying attention, etc. It's just easier to go on the less crowded day. Plus you wont have to wait in line to wash your dog off! P.s. Ive never seen the leash law enforced.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,12/9/2010,38,58,,6,5>This is a ludicrously tasty Indian restaurant in a ludicrously unassuming location. Honestly, you will not believe that such deliciousness could be hiding across from a gift shop in the lobby of a Days Inn, off of a back road near Universal. However, you must try this place, because it is phenomenal.While I'm positive you'll have a great time no matter when you arrive, I highly recommend the lunch buffet here - there are lots of options, both vegetarian and meatful, and they're all excellent. Oh, and all the tasty, tasty naan you can eat. The price for this unlimited awesomeness? $8. Sold!The servers are very nice and attentive, and the atmosphere inside the restaurant is very calm and well-done. All in all, if you want Indian food and you're anywhere nearby, you should go - you won't be disappointed.Update: Dinner is just as amazing, if not moreso. I've had several evening meals here and they've all been composed of some of the best Indian food of my life. Oh, and try the tomato soup. Actually, I didn't use enough emphasis there:Try. The Tomato. Soup. Oh my God, the soup.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,12/8/2010,66,231,,10,4>Monday night I was at an event downtown.  Once the event was coming to a close, a friend suggested checking out Kush.  We walked over to a smoke shop and made our way in.  Once we had our Id's checked, he called upstairs to get approval for us to go up.  Once cleared, he provided us the 4 digit code that leads upstairs.  At first, it felt a little sketchy. But once we made it through the metal beaded drapes and into the main room, we were quickly greeted by the owner, Gary.  He was an extremely nice and welcoming character.  He ushered us in and made sure we were nice and comfortable before going over the drink menu and a brief overview of all of the flavors. Note: You won't find Bud, Miller Lite, Coors, etc.  Its all fun micro-brews and what not. Although the drinks are a little more expensive, I found it to be particularly refreshing to see such an array of unique choices.The loft layout and clean decor reminded me of a place I visited while in New York.  The space is fairly small, so the white walls, curtains, and furniture helps to open it up a bit. The music was kept at the perfect volume.  We were able to enjoy the music while easily maintaining conversation without yelling at each other.We ordered the pumpkin spice flavored tobacco.  The flavor was mild, but clearly present and quite smooth.  One fill lasted us well over an hour and that hour flew by.We were there fairly early, so it was pretty quiet - aside from some visiting reality TV starlet there with her small entourage.  It appeared that the ventilation was up to snuff, but that may be just because there wasn't a large crowd in there. By the way, a large crowd would be about 30 since that is where Gary caps the occupancy.All in all, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend it as a great alternative to sitting in a run of the mill bar smokey bar.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,12/7/2010,67,162,,11,5>This is nature and wildlife preserve that offers about 4 miles of hiking.  The learning center, paths, and facilities are very well kept.  The terrain is not difficult at all.  They offer a lot of support materials so you can find out about what you are seeing and hearing.  Bottom line, this is a great place to visit for a return back to your senses after spending time at Orlando's regular destinations.  I was indeed surprised by how close this place actually is to Disney World and everything else.Best of all, it's free!I definitely recommend this preserve if you are looking for some simple hiking a bit off the beaten path.PS. There are a lot of places to stop along the paths if you need a break or want to bring a bagged lunch with you.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,12/6/2010,107,218,3,4,3>Highly recommended and very authentic Thai food.  It can be spicy if you prefer it hotter, they will customize it for you.  My favorite dish we had was the Curry #39 Panang is very delicious redish coconut milk curry with rice.  Very nice and tangy with chicken, bell peppers, and bamboo.  #28 Phad Lad Na is a nice pan noodle dish with squid and some greens.  It was not spicy and yangs the tang so a bit on the sweet side.  We also had the papaya salad which is super spicy shredded salad.  It well open up your sinus like mad.  My roommie has a super spicy taste and of course she can handle it cuz she is a thai girl.  It was nice to try but not for me...literally it made my lips red and plump..it was kinda hot like angelina jolie HOT..my lips.  This place is in a small plaza by Sport Authority and off of Sandlake by the FL mall.  I also recommend the Thai Iced Coffee or Tea (better than starbucks).  I will be back to try the soups.  Nice variety to choose from.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,12/5/2010,24,116,1,4,3>Cool little neighborhood market that specializes in sandwiches, soups, salads, etc. The EMT -- an eggplant, mozzarella and tomato sandwich -- is highly recommended. The veggie burrito is serviceable, but not as good as one you'd find at a Mexican or even a Tex-Mex or Cal-Mex joint.Seating is mostly outdoors, which has got to be nice during the cooler months. And as the name would suggest, there is a market offered where one can purchase beer, wine and other goods to go.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,12/4/2010,30,37,,4,2>My daughter and I went here the other day for a Thanksgistmas emergency. We needed personalized and affordable christmas presents for grandparents and I stumbled upon this place on Yelp. I was kind of intimidated because I'm definitely not an artist but after getting there my fears were put to rest. They walked through the whole process with me and made me feel like Da Vinci. For a small fee they put a rush on my items so they can be ready for our trip next week. I will definitely be back!They also have a special where each piece after the first is $5 off.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,3/24/2010,24,69,,4,3>If you've never been here you must treat yourself one of these days. The gardens, carefully arranged around the remodeled house, are perfectly manicured and absolutely breathtaking. Each individual garden is perfection, most laid out around sculptures made by the artist, Albin Polacek. Additionally, there's a gallery inside where rotating exhibits are held. At various time throughout the year, the gardens host weddings, orchid shows and private groups  so be sure to check their schedule before making the trip out.polasek.org
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,3/23/2010,1,7,4,7,6>How can I convey to you just how much I love the Aveda Institute?I FREAKIN' LOVE THE AVEDA INSTITUTE, PEOPLE!!!!!!Did my enthusiasm come across?  I can definitely understand if you are skeptical, and if the thought of having your hair touched by people who are still in school freaks you out.  Maybe you will feel more comfortable to know that when you make your appointment, you can request a master stylist (they have more hours on the floor) or a regular student. For the record, I have had appointments with both, and have left happy every time.At Aveda, you never feel like you are getting a budget hair service.  When you arrive you are offered tea, and can browse and test the full line of Aveda products in the lobby.  When you sit down, your stylist will take a few minutes to talk with you about what you want in your cut and color - and review the plan with one of the many instructors who are available for consultations, advice, and student support.  The facilities are beautiful, cool music is always playing, the students are talented and enthusiastic, and only Aveda products are used (Aveda never tests on animals - yay! - and the smell is extremely relaxing).  I recently decided to pamper myself and booked my first spa facial at Aveda. I got WAY more than I expected.  The spa facility is beautiful and serene and when you enter the noise of  the hair floor fades away as you are greeted by soft relaxing music.  The woman who did my facial was very talented, had a relaxed demeanor, and made me feel very comfortable.  She analyzed my skin and recommended a customized botanical treatment of oils, steam, and masks.  After an hour of treatment, a foot and head massage, and breathing the scents of their all-natural products I left feeling relaxed, pampered, and like I got the best deal of my life!So if you haven't been, get on the phone and make an appointment!   People constantly ask me where I go to have my hair done and, since  I like to share the love, I am always happy to tell them about the Aveda Institute!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,3/22/2010,4,7,1,5,5>Papa's has been around for a long time. It used to be Papa B's. The place is small and old, but the wings (and the bleu cheese dressing) are great. The servers try hard and usually do a great job, but if the place is packed it's tough because there are usually only two of them. Be sure to order fries - ask for them crispy! Papa's does not have a liquor license, but they do keep a keg of Bud Light available for their customers to have. They only ask that you drop a few bucks in the bucket when you leave so they can buy the next keg! Great wings (and sandwiches), great fries, and free beer. Does it get any better?
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,3/21/2010,90,193,3,5,4>I was able to go to Tony's Deli last night with a couple of friends. The couple of times I've been to The Peacock Room, I've never noticed that Tony's Deli was right next door. OMG. So amazing. The food was great and the server was so nice as well!She gave us these awesome cookies to try and then I got a "meat like hushpuppy" aka I have no idea what it was called. Starts with a C or K maybe?I bought some grape leaves to bring home for lunch today. And oh my goodness! They were sooooooo good. I had the meatless grape leaves and boy were they good for lunch.I can not wait to go back and try some more of the food.Yum to this lovely home cooked Middle Eastern wonderfulness!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,3/20/2010,4,7,2,3,6>I am so fortunate to live 2 streets away from this amazing restaraunt. I have heard so many friends talk highly of Thai House so ventured in last weekend for my first meal...I always always always get Pad Thai (I'm a typical American I guess) when I visit a Thai Restaraunt. I was feeling adventurous and told the waitress to  bring me her favorite dish and a good wine to accomodate. The smiling waitress brought me a sweet Reisling paired with the Curry Fish (fried version.) The fish was fried and battered just enough (not too heavy). My scents celebrated with aromatic bliss: thai basil, curry, coconut... The entire dinner was pleasant. I will definatelly be back!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,3/19/2010,29,10,,4,4>I'd heard amazing things about Sweet from a co-worker of mine but since I live on the opposite side of town it took awhile for me to make it out there. Honestly, it was well worth the wait. Sweet definitely lives up to its name because after my first bite GOOD GOD was the first thought that ran across my mind.I decided to be adventurous on my first trip to Dessert and order the mini cupcake sampler. With over 20 different flavors to choose from it was a tough decision. I decided to try the Red Velvet, Tiramisu, Boston Cream and Cookies n' Cream cupcakes. Each cupcake was about four bites so four for $6 is a pretty reasonable price. The Tiramisu cupcake was by far my favorite. The espresso taste was strong but not overpowering and made the cupcake moist beyond belief. The Boston Cream filing was fabulous and the chocolate ganache shell was the perfect sweetness. The best surprise was an actual Oreo piece at the center of the Cookies n' Cream cupcake and the Velvet cupcake lived up to cake standards.There are 15 chef choice favors that change daily so each visit is sure to be different. Thankfully the staff was friendly and patient while I tried to make decisions. The original cupcakes looked amazing but way to big to tackle during one sitting. I've heard great things about the frozen yogurt as well but just may have to wait until I've worked by way through all the cupcake flavors ;0).
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,3/18/2010,16,11,,9,4>A friend had mentioned to me that the Cozee Cafe had opened in the former Coffee Cafe spot.   Stopped in for lunch on a Monday morning.   Lunch menu had lots of different hot and cold sandwiches as well as salads.  Lovely display case had a beautiful assortment of pastries which I was informed are made in house.     The interior is gorgeous - same as the original - and the music was also good - acoustic versions of popular songs.  Even the restroom carried on the sort of posh home-like feel of the place. I had a half reuben sandwich with a fresh pasta salad (also made in house with nice bits of sausage and fresh parsley and carrot.)      Service was quick, food was delicious and I enjoyed sitting outside at a patio table.   Lots of little birds out on the patio, so I brought my plate inside after I finished and wait staff was so nice, said I didn't have to do that.   The staff was especially friendly.   Asked my name when I ordered and made a point to call me by name.   They managed to do it in a non-creepy way, more like I was already a regular customer.  Ordered a latte to go since the place smelled so good from all the coffee.   The latte was good but it was so hot that I actually left it in my car while I went to the grocery store and it was still a bit hot when I got back.   Next time, I'll ask for ice.   The prices were so much better than Starbucks - and the quality was so much better than the Publix coffee cafe down the street.   I will be back!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,3/17/2010,101,78,3,5,5>Love this place! It's an authentic British Pub. The people are really fantastic, but it might be because they know the people that I infrequently visit with (who themselves visit quite frequently).The biggest plus is that they have Cider - all kinds! Do yourself a favor and order a Manger's - amazing.The appetizers were really great too. I had to fight for them amongst my pals. The atmosphere is pretty nice. They usually have soccer on the telly.If I had to knock them for something it'd be parking. I wish there was a better spot for my motorcycle, but they let me put it on the sidewalk and pointed me toward a good spot, so all is well.Good times!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,3/16/2010,11,13,4,6,5>If I don't want to go downtown for sushi, then Fuji is the place for me. There's a great selection of rolls that aren't insane with the mayonnaise and the tempura and the eel sauce that you get with some places that try to overcompensate. There's simple tuna rolls, veggie rolls, rolls with 3 types of fish. There's adventurous rolls with kiwi and kimchi, and the Alligator Roll always taunts you. (Just try it once. It's a interesting texture mix.) Their sushi is always excellent, and very fresh. I've also had their curry there, and while decent, I could probably whip up a better batch of Japanese-style curry at home with a box of curry roux. I've had teppanyaki a couple times here, and once you've had it once anywhere, you've experienced it all. That said, nothing great; if you've never experienced it, this is a fine place to do so. Just your standard stir fried rice and onion volcanoes, with pretty average teppan prices. I almost never sit at the restaurant and eat, and usually do take out. In the times I have been there, it's been nice -- if you're lucky, there are some seats in the back that are comfy, luxurious, and intimate as they are slightly closed off from the rest of the restaurant. Bad news is that they are right next to the kitchen and bathrooms. Lunch deals there are great, too. For about $10, I can get a bento box style meal that contains a little of everything. I would definitely recommend them for lunch. One minor detail: If you notice, their menu used to carry what they used to call "white tuna", but all menus have been corrected to say escolar. Now, if you don't know what escolar is (or rather, more importantly, what it DOES to you), I suggest you google "oily diarrhea" and "escolar". (I'm leaving nothing to the imagination here, am I?) Unfortunately, this is a common practice with many sushi restaurants, where they substitute the more pricey white tuna with the cheap escolar. This is also a common reason why restaurants get fined and get written up by health code officials (if they are not serving what they advertise). Kudos to them for publishing that what have is not white tuna (or perhaps, kudos to owning up), but I caution you about your escolar intake.EDIT (3/18/2010): Just a follow-up on the white tuna/escolar discussion -- the menu has reverted back to stating that the fish they use is "white tuna". I'll take their word for it until I hear otherwise!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,3/15/2010,110,505,1,6,10>Not a tourist destination; a community zoo.  Largely built by thousands of volunteers in the early 90's.  There are no tigers, elephants, bears, or lions.  Yeah, that's right, and they STILL get 5 stars.  This whole zoo is incredibly tasteful.  You're not strolling along pavement, most of the walkways are boardwalks which weave a winding path underneath the canopy of the trees.Highlights include feeding the giraffes at eye level, a great aviary, an awesome playground, wading area for kids, (no extra charge), petting zoo, and kayak tours.  Pricing at the zoo reflects a "We're not trying to screw you" attitude.  Drinks are between $1-$2 and they do NOT prohibit you from bringing your own food.  So, feel free to pack a lunch.  Very well done and a must see for those living in Brevard.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/13/2012,47,83,5,7,5>Fellow Yelpers,Having driven by this establishment on several occasions and dined in nearby restaurants, this place was just calling my name.  Ergo, this past weekend I 'Pepé Le Pew'ed' my way there.  The interior is fairly nice and bigger than what one would expect from the outside.  A surprising hallway with some small yet intimate tables line the walls which lead into a high ceiling dining room that provides some privacy from the drunken acoustics coming from the main bar and dining area.  Dimly lit, this somewhat secluded dining room reeks of romantic dinner date.The exterior is a great spot during the Winter season.  During the Summer it is a different story though.  Unless you are one who enjoys sporting awesome pit stains, I'd stick with indoor dining.One can park rather close to it at the Lofts garage for a cool 5 bucks.  A small stroll will lead you here, so with regard to convenience, you cannot beat it.The server was very attentive and courteous.  No complaints about the service.  The menu is neither too big nor too small.  It is just the right size and provides the diner with just the right amount of options without needing a Garmin unit to find your way to their seafood section.No appetizers were had, but a nice basket of bread is brought out for your enjoyment.  It looks very well put together, but since I engage in sacrilege by rarely consuming bread and pasta, I cannot comment on the taste.I ordered the Honey Glazed Pork Rib-eye (See my photo).  The cut was very tasty and the side of bacon, a small salad and sweet mash was also very good.  I would highly recommend this dish as a happy medium between their steak and seafood options.  The portion was nothing huge, but enough to fill me up for the night.Overall, I highly recommend this place.  Hue would have thought that I have been missing out on such a great joint for so long!?See ya!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,11/12/2012,206,163,,8,7>It's the movies!! For some reason, movie theaters have the BEST air conditioning no matter what season you're in.  (Crazy, right!?!) I mean, seriously, I always bring a sweater with me when I go to the movies! I'm the lady with the overstuffed purse where the doorman thinks I'm sneaking in snacks, only to find out that I'm just really, really thin blooded. (Such a disappointing, "almost" bust) I love the Enzian theater and their selection of flicks they choose to show. In addition, who else serves kettle korn at their theater?? Anyone?? No one?? No??? Yep, didn't think so!! :) And when I'm not in the mood for kettle korn and root beer, I opt for their trio appetizer plate with a nice glass of red wine. (Because, some movies call for a sophisticated snack) ;)Some of the other things I appreciate is that you can become a member of their organization by purchasing a memberhsip, offering you discounts on movies and events. During the summertime they also offer a film camp for children, where children learn the various aspects of making a film. They actually make a film and have a day where they present it to their families. (FUN!!!)
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,11/11/2012,148,339,4,8,9>Cheena, when pronounced in a very slightly different way, can mean something entirely derogatory in my country and culture. Fortunately, and hopefully, this was not the intent of Tako Cheena's owners. Still, I find myself taking care not to pronounce it wrongly when I do say the name, just in case.I can't say for certain if the idea of Tako Cheena's food offering is 100% innovative, but I'm not sure that it matters, either. Because at the end of the day, it's really good food!My first bite of the Panko-crusted Cod Taco pretty much generated an explosion of happiness from my taste buds. They were so happy that my brain could barely process what just happened. Then, I tried the Panang Curry Burrito, and I was pretty much a lost cause. The Yellow Curry Tofu Taco was also flavorful, but only after I took out a majority of the red cabbage mess. My first couple of bites were bitter, bitter, and bitter. There was no chance of tasting anything else with the unforgiving amount of red cabbage provided. After the culprit was managed, I was able to taste the other ingredients and it became quite delicious.There were also a few other kinks that I will give them time to figure out. Like water. I understand that water from the tap is drinkable. But water from the tap tastes absolutely disgusting. At least to me. And that affects my enjoyment of the meal as a whole. Maybe it's their ploy to get me to buy a Jarritos instead. Hmmmmmmmm, sneaky, sneaky.Also, is it really necessary to charge for their special sauces? I'm a fan, though. And I will recommend to those who ask as well.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/10/2012,53,215,1,4,2>For over four years I have been looking for a decent taqueria in Orlando and thanks to Yelp! I finally found it! This is a hole in the wall that only has five tables (two tops)...but the food is SO good. The food is cooked on the spot and you get a whole lot of food for the price.I ordered a beef, pork, and sauge taco. Like a true taqueria, their tacos only come with the meat, onions, cilantro, and a lime wedge. We also ordered the chips and a side of guacamole. Everything was delicious and I will definitely go back again.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,11/9/2012,159,130,4,12,4>I've been coming to Image about once a month for almost two years now! You are immediately welcomed by Yoshi, who mans the front desk. He always has a smile and is quick to assist. Once seated in the chair, he always offers a drink to the clients. The nail color options are plenty, even the gel colors!  The place is spotless, and all of the tools are brought over in a sealed, sterile bag, which puts the germ freak at ease.The prices are very reasonable. I've even splurged for the hot stone pedicure (which is amazing) because the price just can't be beat.  My favorite nail tech is Vinny, who can really keep a conversation going and does a great job on my manicures and pedicures. I have never been disappointed with anyone here, though. The massage chairs are really great, too! (Make sure you turn on the lower chair massage option... kind of awkward, but feels good haha).They offer a variety of services, from manicures and pedicures to waxing and chair massage, all at reasonable prices and with exceptional quality.  I recommend this nail salon to everyone!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/8/2012,166,217,1,7,4>I've been meaning to change from 4 stars to 5 stars for a while now....heck yeah!I have been back several times since my initial review (when they had just recently opened) and it's only gotten better! Like Tom B. said, I too have seen the homeless guy when picking up orders to go. The corner of 50 & Bumby can be a little rough sometimes and it's very generous they help this guy out.Definitely try the specialty pies. The bianca pie is to die for- we like to add spinach to it. So so good. If you know where to look, coupons are aplenty! Go over to Winn Dixie, buy a pack of gum, and chances are you will have a Petey's coupon printed on the back. Right now they are doing "Buy any size specialty pie, get a 14" cheese pie for free." My friends, you just can't beat that! I am praying to the pizza gods this place sticks around! Great addition to the area!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,11/7/2012,243,268,,4,6>Did I mention that the lemon Italian ice has fresh lemon zest in it? It does!! And it's got the perfect tart/sweet balance. A small was the perfect after lunch size, ooooooh and guess what else?? It didn't melt in 5 minutes! Nope, stayed perfectly icily smooth and delicious until the last spoonful! Love.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/5/2012,181,355,4,5,2>I want to meet Mama Millie!I love it here. The music, the atmosphere... the food! The other week I tried the jerk chicken bowl combo ($5) which comes with a good portion of dark meat chicken, peas (beans) and rice and steamed veggies. And a fountain drink! This is a cheap deal, folks. Everything is very tasty, and the jerk chicken is hot!Today I went with 2 bashy tacos, one jerk chicken and one fish. Each had unique flavors and toppings and were very good in their own way. I particularly loved the jerk  chicken which had grilled onions, cabbage and smoked sour cream. Delicious! The fish bashy had a chili ginger sauce which was thick and spicy.This humble eatery deserves a lot of attention. Please check it out if you're in the UCF area.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,11/4/2012,223,368,5,8,4>I am in LOVE.  I've been to Bananas twice, and I am a fan.  There were a few reasons that I fell in love with this place:1)  Sunday Gospel Brunch - complete with drag queens singing gospel music.  Loud, ridiculous, and inappropriate.  2)  Excellent coffee.  I'm a coffee snob and after a "rough" Saturday night, there is nothing better than an endless flow of good coffee.3)  Eggs Benedict!  They have a few different types  - and they are all good.  My favorite is the Crab Benedict.  Crab cakes + Ham + Eggs = excellent way to soak up Saturday night's liquor.TIP - if you're going on a Sunday for the brunch, make a reservation (either online or by phone).  It gets VERY busy.All in all, a very FUN, friendly, and awesome environment.  I look forward to my next breakfast here!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,11/3/2012,221,378,16,9,12>"Oh hello there! I'm your new neighbor, High Tide Harry's! How's it going?  What did you say your name was?  Joe's crab shack. Nice. Cute name....WELLLL, I'm going to be stealing all your customers from now on. Hope you don't mind."It takes a big pair of hush puppies to open up a seafood restaurant RIGHT NEXT to an established chain that your typical not-known-any-better "normie" would go to.But everything about High Tide Harry's is better.  I come for one thing, and one thing alone, so i can't judge the other food.  I come for Wednesday's $9.99 2 DOZEN oyster deal. Oh, i'm sorry, did you not hear me just say $9.99 for TWO DOZEN oysters!!!  It's awesome! It's grand!  And to top it off they serve me an actual FISHBOWL of draft beer for $4. And it must be at least 3-4 beers per bowl.  You guys rock. And the hushpuppies and special butter is a great little treat too!Not a fan of oysters or good deals?!  Then they got a place next door for ya. Tell them Mitch sent ya!...not really, they don't know Mitch. And Mitch doesn't usually talk in third person.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,12/9/2009,222,330,4,8,4>You'd be surprised by the amount and extent of beautiful glasswork that this museum has to offer. I always get a kick out of the audible sounds of surprise when first-timers walk into the chapel. You just don't expect to see part of a church inside a building.This was my 3rd visit to the museum. I actually wouldn't recommend going on a free night because entrance is only $4.00 for adults and $1.00 for students - you're supporting the arts and the museum after all.I only wish that the museum had decided to used descriptive nameplates by the artwork as opposed to the brochures they leave in every room. If you don't pick up the brochures, you'll have no idea what the artwork is since they are numbered and correspond to descriptions in the brochure. It's a waste of money and resources if you ask me.Also, as one reviewer pointed out, the guards can kind of seem a little overprotective but hey, that's kind of their job and who knows how long they've been standing there staring at patrons who are staring at artwork.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,12/7/2009,79,28,,7,6>When I lived in South FL and I would travel to Orlando on business, I would always stay here. One of the things I look for in a hotel for business is quiet and privacy. For example, after a long day at a convention or visiting accounts, it's really nice to go somewhere quaint to unwind and get ready for the next day.EO Inn is in the Thornton Park neighborhood and puts you close to downtown destinations. Most importantly, it gets you out of the tourist muck and clears your head. If you are from out of town, it will show you what Orlando has to offer as a city, instead of a tourist trap. I never used the spa services but I definitely liked the hotel. Honestly, I didn't mind that the rooms were small. EO Inn may not be the right fit for many travelers, but I enjoyed my business travel when I stayed there.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,12/6/2009,86,116,3,4,4>A great addition to the vegetarian/vegan restuaruants in Jamlando. Staff is great, food is good and the atmosphere is awesome.There are some rad paintings in the back in the hallway to the bathrooms, random traditional american tattoo flash influenced paintings, misfits paintings etc. I highly recomend reading the horoscope book in by the couch in the back, its strange how dead on it was for me. All in all, The food is amazing, check it out.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,12/5/2009,271,84,3,5,6>Just got back from one of my favorite conferences of the year. While I'm not a huge theme park junkie, I was thoroughly impressed with the attentiveness of the staff at Seaworld. For one very reasonable price, attendees were able to network, learn, and get in some tourist time at four of central Florida's hot spots- including two theme parks! The event kicked off with a pre-party at Busch Garden's Howl-O-Scream in Tampa. The staff at Seaworld coordinated several charters for show attendees, a few of which even stopped to pick up refreshments along the way. Upon boarding the coach buses, each attendee received a very nice gift bag and fast pass access to all the haunted houses in the park. While I hate scary rides and haunted houses, I was very appreciative of the fast past (made it quicker to get in AND out of the haunted spots). The official conference kickoff included a full day of sessions at Seaworld's Ports of Call. It's a great location to get some of the benefits of the park including animal visits, but still keep an exclusive vibe for your group. Seaworld provided lots of great food, beverages, and snacks throughout the conference, which was much appreciated as typically shows only provide meals and snacks cost extra. The Seaworld staff was also extremely accommodating. Our group had some crazy requests including giant cakes to be used as a weapon, not food; human sundaes, and head shaving for Locks of Love. The never once even hinted that our group was crazy, messy, or annoying. They even provided extra bandwidth when our internet was running slow. Major bonus for that feat!As if the Seaworld crew hadn't done enough for us already, they were extremely generous to include a one-day ticket to the park for all attendees, and VIP tours for A-List guests and speakers. The only way the team at Seaworld could have possibly done more is if they spoon-fed us our Shamu ice cream pops, which might have gotten a little awkward. If you're not in town for a specific event, I still suggest you check out Seaworld. It's a quieter, unique alternative to Disney, and has some great attractions for kids and adults of all ages. My personal favorites are the Manta roller coaster and the penguin exhibit. Other options I didn't have time to take advantage of but sounded fun were dolphin interactions, shark feedings, and the Shamu Rocks show. While I only saw one show (Believe), it was worth the short wait and I would love to see the other Shamu shows. The stunts the animals perform, and the extreme patience they have, is absolutely amazing. The stadium itself and rotating movie screen monitors were extremely impressive, too.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,12/4/2009,181,355,26,6,12>Brick and FireI do admireTo say it's averageI'd be a liarThe options greatThe food divineYou'll find this outIn a matter of timeStaff is friendlyPricing fairA pizza havenI do declareAlas, my friendsI must debaseThe self-service drinksFelt out of place
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,12/3/2009,631,1145,4,11,6>Another great Yelp find! I can't believe I've lived in Central Florida and never heard of this place. Apparently lots of my friends had, everyone commented on how much they loved the place when I posted pictures! THE FOOD WAS PHENOMENAL!!! I guess I've never really had German food, probably because I never knew where to get good German food- but this place is it. The have an assortment of Schnitzel, among other things. For the schnitzel you choose between veal, pork or chicken. Then you can choose a topping or go plain. I ordered mine with mushrooms and a brown sauce called, Rahm. It was wonderful, as were my sides of potato pancake and fresh, crisp, steamed veggies. Desserts were great too, I tried the Strawberry Bavarian which was light and not overly rich like some cakes can be. And then there is the German beer on tap and the ridiculously large glasses you can get it in. They actually have a 1 Liter size for $10. That's a lot of beer; I opted for the more reasonable .5L size. The entertainment starts up at 7pm (check the website for a schedule). When we called about reservations they said they were booked for 4 weeks on weekends. At 5:30pm on a Friday we still managed to find a table, but by 7pm the place was full. When we were there the party was just getting started but I'm sure as the evening (and the beer) flows things get rowdier. We had our son with us (there were plenty of families with kids- in fact my 20 month old toddler was dancing with a 24 month old- see the picture, it was too cute!) so we didn't stay for the craziness. We do plan on getting a group together, making the reservation and coming back for an adult trip!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,12/2/2009,472,111,5,7,5>Boba Teas! I love them! This is actually the first thing I think about Bento, not their sushi.  If you are a fan of Boba/Bubble Teas, Bento is where you need to be.  The key here is to try try more, and explore, and open your senses to all sorts of flavors.  Instructions on how to order a Boba Tea: 1) Pick whether you want milk, green, red or thai tea 2) Choose whether or not you want to add pearls (I like to call them "balls" - they are made from a mixture of tapioca and carrageenan powder). These fall to the bottom of your drink, but with each sip you taste several pearls. 3) Choose your Boba flavor: Banana, Chocolate, Peach, Coffee, Mango, Pineapple, Strawberry4) Then enjoy the essence of an eclectic tea made just for you. You won't want to stop! In addition Bento has tons of different types of rolls and dishes as they are known to be "Asian Fusion" type of food, but don't leave there without a Boba Tea. Just from writing this, I think I am going to create a gathering to do a tasting of different boba teas :)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,6/19/2011,359,280,1,11,8>The following reasons pertain to why this bike trail is phenomenal. Quality bike rentals:\\ For $6 an hour or $30 bike rentals all day the rental shop has clean duty strong bikes that has 7 adjustable speeds! This makes a difference when you are riding with others for either catching up purposes or slowing down. You can burn more calories just by adjusting the speed and that is just great. Enjoyable trail with a great deal of length to adjust to your preference:\\ They are stating in the bike rental's website that the trail now stretches up to 24 miles which is the Clermont stop to Winter Garden then Apopka, or if you will like to do 10 miles then Clermont to Winter Garden should be your ground zone. Peaceful scenery:\\ Nature will surround you in this bike trail and sometimes it's just nice to get out there and enjoy miles of grassland/trees/fresh air/ birds! Midway through the trail in Winter Garden you will stroll by their downtown area which consist of tiny antique shops and restaurants. Perfect for the exploring type who will like to try a little random sandwich shop. This trail is the perfect wind down after a long week and to add some additional zen in your life.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,6/17/2011,498,694,2,4,6>Talk about a hidden gem! I "accidentally" came here for lunch a few weeks ago. We first tried going to the Polish deli next store, but were not greeted, and felt like it was just a store vs a restaurant, so we tried Cedar Halal. I'm glad we did. I have been back twice since! The owner is extremely friendly and welcoming as you come into the restaurant/store, and was very helpful on helping out with the food choices. I have to say for 12.99, you can't go wrong with the combination platter. The platter came with chicken kabobs, kefta and a chicken kefta like patty, rice and hummus. Lets just say it was all excellent. My favorite would have to be the Kefta though. Definitely worth a try.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,6/16/2011,103,190,2,7,4>I love this place. I love the idea of this place! I usually place an order for a basket every other week so I rarely find myself shopping for produce at Publix. I love how the contents of the basket is always a surprise. For this reason, I'm forced to cook foods I would never encounter otherwise.The website is easy to navigate and now they actually moved into the yellow building on Orange Ave. The employees are so  friendly, I look forward to going there every week :-)I only wish there were more co-ops like this in Orlando. I say if more people use what we already have, the businesses will grow and get better. So come on guys and try this out!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,6/15/2011,148,339,2,4,6>Chili Daddy has food that makes me tear up and almost throw a tantrum when I've come to the end of my meal. I want moar!3 Tacos for $5.99 is a good, good deal for such extremely delicious chili on top of jasmine rice (my favorite kind!). I was so surprised when I saw that they pair their chili with jasmine rice and realized what a genius move it was. When I'm not in the mood for crunchiness, I simply get the chili & rice combo instead. You can get the "bowl" for about $5 as well and it fills me up pretty decently.My favorite is the Mango Chicken. It blew my mind the first time I tasted it. Just the name itself intrigued me - I love mangoes, I love chicken, gotta be good - and that's why I decided to try it. Since then, it's pretty much the only thing I go for when I visit Chili Daddy.I love that strange mix of sweet and salty in my food at times, and I think that's why I love Mango Chicken so much. But for those that have reservations about that mix, do not fret, because the sweetness of the mango isn't too distinct or overpowering. It's just there. You may not even notice it!Have I mentioned that I am actually not a big fan of chili? I've had them before on several occasions and found them to be, "meh, it's a'ight". I'll still eat them if you offer it to me, but I don't go looking for it. So the fact that I LOVE CHILI DADDY CHILI should say something, right? Right. Good.Now I want moar.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,6/14/2011,192,58,,5,4>Graffiti Junktion is one of my go-to spots in Orlando whether it's their Friday night buffet, Sunday afternoon bloody marys, or Wednesday night unlimited wine I have yet to have a bad time at this bar. It's nestled into the Thorton Park area and is probably a place you've passed a few times but never stopped in. The look of this bar is pretty much if you took a cement building from a park, benches and all, and transplanted it here amongst the cobblestones. Walking in there's colorful graffiti all over the gray walls and art pieces you can purchase. During the day junktion is mostly lit by sunlight coming in from lots of open windows and doors, which is a great change from most dimly lit "I can barely read the menu" watering holes. I had some great company for my visits but if you need something to keep you a little more entertained there's tons of tvs for football games on Saturdays and Sundays. Monday is trivia night, Saturday is the dating game (I have yet to see this but I hear it's phenomenally fun), and Sunday is rockband and karaoke. Also if you're tired of spending a lot on drinks, take a seat on Wednesday for unlimited wine, $10!! I prefer this much more than standing in the wine line for twenty bucks at Urban Flats. As for the food, most of the portions are pretty hefty (especially the salads and the nachos), snag a friend to share with. The burgers are great, not the best in Orlando as they boast, but I've already had 2 and I'll be back for more. The fries, nachos and corndogs are pretty tasty as well. I definitely recommend this place for a relaxed good time, day or night, and if you need a food sharer, I have a recommendation for that too ;)
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,6/13/2011,88,93,3,9,6>In an interesting turn of events (bc my date was supposed to make reservations on a Friday night for Shari sushi & didn't), we ended up going next door to Hue which I had heard so many good things about anyway. I entered thinking it'd be packed but was pleasantly surprised when the hostess sat us right away at a two person table. We sat in our cushy seats and looked over the menu. It took me a while to decide on what I wanted to eat. There were so many good choices from pork chops to salmon to a succulent burger. I, however, decided on the Ahi Tuna with coucous and broccolini (seeing as how I didn't get my sushi). Haha.When I took my first bite of a piece of tuna and the couscous I was instantly thanking God that my date didn't make the reservations at Shari (which I love). The buttery taste of the couscous mixed with the fresh tuna was to die for. I don't remember anything my date said to me that night while dinner was in front of me. I enjoyed it so much. I was thoroughly impressed with the taste, the presentation, atmosphere and the waitress.DEFINITELY can't wait to go back.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/12/2011,86,62,4,6,6>It's places like Mediterranean Blue that remind me how much I like Yelp. It's highly unlikely that I ever would have learned about them if it had not been for the glowing reviews. What's better is when those reviews are spot on.I ordered the king gyro (gyrdo with feta) and a side of their Greek fries. You have the option to add feta to the fries as well, but it seemed like overkill. The gyro was fantastic, although I don't think adding the feta to it made enough of a difference to do so again. The Greek fries were a perfect companion to the gyro, and while I don't think they needed anything, next time I will probably have feta added to them. It's not like I can just say no to any cheese! What am I, a robot!?!My girlfriend had the provence, which was pretty awesome itself. Ham,  brie, and some herb butter. Not nearly enough places use brie, which is a shame because it's basically oozy magic.We must look dangerous... A little and Bonnie and Clyde maybe, because while everyone was friendly, it was not the total lovefest that others have described. This doesn't bother me since I'm not really a people person, but based on the other reviews I was half expecting to get tackled and hugged when walking through the doors.Looking forward to our next visit!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,6/11/2011,141,222,7,9,8>Bruno knows what's up.Hangin out at Redlight? No? Well you should be, cause he's usually there. Parked out by the side of the building you can smell his cart wafting deliciousness all up in your face. No matter how full you are you can't resist it. It's like AIR magic that makes you hungry. You curse him and run up to the front to read what he's cooking. What's awesome? He changes it up often to either fit the event or whatever he was able to catch that day.Hot dogs, bacon wrapped hot dogs, vegan brats, the best cheese steaks with the wiz (you heard me, WIZ). Those are standards. If you're lucky you might be able to catch things like scotch eggs, banh mi, curry fries, duck fat fries, fried oreos, bacalao fritters, it just doesn't stop. He had fresh shucked oysters the other night that I missed. Would I eat oysters from a food cart? I would from Bruno.It's all served up hot and glistening by one of the friendliest food dudes around and sriracha is always available. If you haven't tried this guy's food yet you're really missing out. It's cheap, it's GOOD and it goes perfect with that choice craft bee-- oh hell, it'll go good with sewer water if that's what you're drinking. Just try it!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,6/10/2011,39,174,4,7,3>Surprisingly Freshfields Farm is a great place to go for really fresh meat and produce. The produce is guaranteed to be fresh. Upon going into the produce market, you'll see a sign that highlights all the 'local' and 'organic' produce they currently have. All the produce is set up nicely and all looks really good. They definitely have a wider selection than any other super market in the area. The meat from the meat market tends to be super fresh as well. Word from the street is that the owners are obsessed with having the freshest chicken possible and takes delivery dates and handling very seriously. I'm sure this is true for all the meat and fresh seafood. Freshfields is my go-to spot for specialty meat as well. They have a huge selection of meat and meat products. Some good and some I am not a fan of, but I'm sure other people are (referencing turkey necks, chicken feet, etc). The best part about Freshfields Farm is the prices. They are significantly lower than any grocery store nearby and 10-fold cheaper than Whole Foods for about the same quality. Now the bad part, because they are cheap, a decent amount of shady people shop there. I would suggest going Monday - Thursday. Don't be caught dead there on Fridays (pay day) or Saturdays. It's not worth it because the crowd is ridiculous. You can't even park at the Walgreen's across the street because it's lot is full and really that's only half the people that will be up in Freshfields. The other half don't own cars!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,6/9/2011,222,330,4,7,6>Really tiny, really eclectic, painfully hipster, super delicious!A friend introduced me to this place recently and we tasted the most strangely delicious beer I've ever tried: the Delirium Tremens Belgian Pale Ale.I also had the pecan pie which I wasn't expecting to be quite as gelatinous as it was but it's delicious!Their menu is really robust, they have a lovely little outdoor seating area so the atmosphere is really nice but where.is.everyone?! On a Saturday night around 8pm - we were 1 of 3 customers there. Not that I'm complaining too much since there's really not enough room for too many people.Still, this was a great little introduction to the area known as "The Milk District". Must try the Delirium Belgan Beer again - utterly divine!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/31/2012,14,120,2,11,3>I went in expecting it to be a liquor store, but was pleasantly surprised by what I found.  A Finer Taste is a high end wine bar.  You put money on a card that you can use to purchase samples or glasses of wine from automated vending machines.  The machines display prices for a sample, 1/2 glass, or full glass.  They have a very wide variety of selections; both style and price range.  My wife and I enjoyed about 3-4 wines each for only 20$.  The service was very friendly and you can tell the employees enjoy working there.  The owner came over to make recommendations and was super friendly and knowledgeable.  Him knowing several of the people who make the wines is pretty cool.  One of the employees said he was involved in a few Napa Valley wineries. My wife and I are definitely more craft beer people and that is an area they are currently lacking in.  I'd love to see them move away from more common selections (Magic Hat, Yuengling, Sam Adams) and offer more high end selection.  That being said, with a place like this my wife and I will probably start to get into wine.  Everything we had was delicious.  I don't think you can go wrong with any wine there.I did not get a chance to try their food as we had just eaten, but we looked at the menu and were excited by what we saw.  If they execute the dishes well, I'm sure it will be delicious.  Overall, this is yet another excellent addition to the area.  I plan on being a regular and learning more about wine.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,7/30/2012,193,136,2,8,4>I am per se not a fan of take out as I prefer to dine at restaurants where I can simply sit back and enjoy my meal. Especially since, I am perpetually in my kitchen whipping up the next masterpiece. After having an overwhelming hectic April I was feeling rather lazy and since my family adores South Eastern Cuisine, not to mention that Shanghai is practically in my back yard; we ordered some take out. Having absolutely no expectations (being disappointed way too many times with Chinese takeout in CFL); the food at Shanghai was a refreshing welcome.We ordered the typical dishes readily available in most takeout joints: Chicken Chow Mei Fun, Sesame Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken, Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce, and Hot & Spicy Beef.Even though we stuck with the basics, they were non-greasy, light, and bursting with bold flavors. One could easily conclude that the dishes were made fresh to order. The spicy beef was 'spicy', tender slices of beef sautéed in a spicy dry sauce.The Kung Pao & Sesame Chicken were not much to speak about in flavors. They were simply average. The Pork on the other hand was very tender, bursting with garlicky flavors. Nicely done!The interesting fact to know before you order at Shanghai is that they have two menu prices, $5 for a small carry out box and one $9+ for the bigger portions. The $5 price is ideal to try new dishes without breaking the bank.Another advantage Shanghai restaurant holds is their location. It is conveniently located right opposite World of Beer. Now all of you that are privy to World of Beer, you are familiar with their policy to allow BYOF (bring your own food). So any particular day you are craving a beer, head on to Shanghai restaurant, grab a bite, and nurse a beer on the patio of World of Beers; it's the ideal marriage of beer and food.Bottom line is that it was perhaps the best takeout I have experienced in CFL. Whether you are in a hurry, being lazy, or just strolling around Colonial Town Park, give Shanghai Restaurant a chance. Like me, you will be pleasantly surprised too.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/29/2012,81,45,6,8,4>While I wasn't looking someone came and remove the 60 years of the dust layers. I was there today and was completely surprise to see the Exclusive Eau de Stench is no longer prevalent.Not only that the concrete slab has been resanded and painted to remind us of the Mediterranean blue.Upon arriving you are greeted by the blue marlin on the wall, you can either turn left or right to select which side of the resto you want to sit at the bar.Once seated you are immediately greeted by your shucker with the homemade cocktail sauce, lime juice and hot sauce, accompanied by saltines. Butter is provided as you requested, the napkins are on the overhead.I was also surprise to see bleach was use to clean the counter before laying the condiments.Our bucket was about 30 or less of the Oysters, luv that it came in with ice and let it rest 10 mtes before she started shucking.our neighbors were older retired man that got a kick of seeing us take pictures of the oysters, I was disappointed we didn't see any local flavors as mentioned in previous reviews, instead it was a mix of office workers and a couple of loud guy's guzzling 8-10 beers at 12.:30, not judging just hoping they are taking a cab and not driving.Once our shucker started shucking I started drooling as the oyster went down the hatch and hit the back of my throat. Speaking of an out of body experience, yum.Our oysters was very fresh sweet and tasty. I applaud the changes and I'm looking forward to returning again and again.Enjoy,Maggie
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,7/28/2012,45,72,4,5,3>holy cow...no pun!we exited the car and were already hugged by this cloud of bbq smell just made you want to take off and float toward the venue like a cartoon character flied toward the hot pie in the window.now to be honest, we had heard awesome things about it, so we had to check it out but we were stumped upon entry. we had expected a sit down table service steakhouse that we were afraid to be under dressed for. but it ended up being counter service for the carnivorous soul. i had a the bbq take on the Cuban and my partner in crime had the heap of pulled pork. our sides were potato salad, mac and cheese and corn bread as well as the corn salad. cornbread C-. i had no idea it was done with jalapenos  and was rather dry. the potato salad was amazing and i say that in awe of myself, because i usually don't like anybody else's but my mom's. but i stole a bite from my husband and then ended up stealing the whole thing.he on the other end ended up with order envy of my Cuban as it was most delicious. however his pulled pork was amazing as well. all in all i will eat my way through the menu here one by one and will be a regular soon. i won't however order any more bakery items. might have just been this particular one, but the red velvet cupcake i had was horribly old and dry.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/27/2012,166,217,,12,7>Pricing is the main attraction. For under $15, here's what I got today (priced at a grocery store, I would have spent $25+):2.25 #'s of chicken breast (8 servings)2 #'s of boneless pork chops (4 servings).75 # deli-sliced Cabot Cheese2 packs of Strawberries & 5 BananasHere is why their meat is awesome. There are NO hormones in their meat & it's shipped in fresh from local or GA farms. Plus, when they list the weight of the amount of meat you are buying- it's authentic & not soaked in water to jack up the price. The produce is also amazing. Be sure to check out my pictures- there is a large chalk board that lists what is local/organic/etc. The savings on the produce is insane! If you are a produce snob & love Whole Foods, but can't afford it, come here!! So many similar items for a fraction of the price.The place is also very clean inside and out; actually, it's much cleaner then some of the grocery stores I have been in. Employees are constantly stocking the shelves and are very polite. Word of advice- shop when they first open or an off time. This place does get packed, so be patient if it does. The savings are worth it. Be sure to visit the website too- it lists  weekly specials and a list of what products they stock & where their meat comes from.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,7/26/2012,29,141,,4,5>Best cheese steak in the area...Don't mess around...Don't compare LaSpada's to the sometimes tasty (enough) place in the mall.  Just come here, get the best cheese steak in Seminole County, in Florida and certainly the best cheese steak of the surrounding Southern states and you will live happily ever after.Like every restaurant, they might have fast and slow days but LaSpada's has the cheese steak down and you will never leave disappointed unless there is an extenuating circumstance.PS, If you get the large sandwich, you will have enough for 2 satisfying meals.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,7/25/2012,20,60,3,8,6>Today is their 1 year anniversary! I wanted ingredients for Tom Kha Gai, the delicious chicken coconut milk soup found in Thai restaurants. Friendliest folks in town. I am disabled, and they volunteered to do the shopping for me! Not only that, but I didn't have a recipe on me. No worries, the son found one he liked online, and off he went to fill my my cart. Meanwhile, I tried the "Special Bun" Yelpers were yelping about. Pretty good, I'd say!The store is clean and neat, and the produce looks fresh. My soup was delicious, and it was the first Asian dish I have ever prepared. Super easy, and so I will keep going back!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/24/2012,243,268,2,8,5>Oh my pretty face! Jessica is a relatively new and very welcome addition to Alkemy and has given me 2 superb facials. Both facials were thoroughly relaxing in every conceivable way and my skin did not "freak out" afterwards.  Score!PLUS, Jessica was once a licensed massage therapist (get that license back ASAP, woman), so she has that healing touch. too. Treat yourself, you're worth it. Check out their Facebook page for skincare tips and specials: facebook.com/AlkemySkinc…
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,7/23/2012,359,280,,8,4>They have a lunch special! Who doesn't love a good lunch special??$4.99 can get you curried or jerk chicken lunch special with a drink Monday through Friday 12 pm to 4 pm. It comes with rice, beans, and your choice of side. Try the plantains you could never go wrong with plantains.You could never go wrong with a lunch special.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/22/2012,73,30,5,4,4>Been wanting to visit RP for about Three years now, but always needed a reason to go since I'm never on that side of town.  Well the 35th Birthday rolled up and I was looking to wallow in excess, cast caution to the wind, and bask my tastebuds in the fine arts Ravenous Pig prepares for its guests to wine and dine their night away.Seeing how popular the Grueyer Biscuits are I had to try them for myself.  They are Four, golden squares of deliciousnes.  The Grueyer took a back seat but the Smoked Salt Whipped Butter was a fanatastic simple paring.  Love em.Up next the Port Wine Pate Mousse with Strawberry Preserves and Brioche Toast Rounds.  So rich, smooth and delicious coupled by the housemade Strawberry Preservers which had notes of Black Peppercorn which played well off the Port-Wine Pate and butter ladden Broiche.  The portion size was enourmous as much as I wanted to I just couldn't finish it off.  Food 1 -Joe 0.Pork Belly with Caramelized Pineapple with Vanilla, Pistacho Butter, Black Pepper and Basil Tuille.  Finally PORK BELLY!!!  Empires have been formed over such greatness.  Nations have been reduced to rubble.  The Tatonic Plates have collided, new mountain ranges formed and villages have been smited all due to pork belly.  Don't remember that from your public school day?  No worries as you can buy my Book, Porkbelly formed the Universe at NotSoAmazon.com.  Seems the Vatican is trying to supress such knowledge from getting out, so buy your copies up fast.  I find a good Chianti and Chocolate Covered Crispy Porkbelly go hand in hand with the read.28 oz Pork Porterhouse Brined, Litely Smoked, Grilled and Finished Medium in the overn. Accompanied with Blackeyed Pea Ragu and Mustard Gastrique.  Holy Hell, the Heavens have fallen and landed on my Plate.  Brined, Smoked, Grilled and finished in the oven.  This 28 oz monstrosity of a Porkchop or behemoth if you like was glimmering at me.  I swear it even winked.  Perfectly cooked and mouth wateringly moist through every bite.  The Pork Gods have smiled on Ravenous Pig. All in all I was a dazzled, stuffed, fattened up and I had an feeling, that if I stayed much longer I may never leave.  Ignoring all the trim from this review, if I had to truely sum up Ravenous in one word:LOVE
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/26/2013,75,400,,3,3>Wow I just discovered an amazing sushi place hidden in a strip mall in Sanford.  In Lake Mary normally we go to Amura, but this place had a great selection of Korean food as well as fresh amazing sushi. We went for lunch and had 4 amazing roles. We tried the KISSME  withcrab, smoked salmon, avocado, cream cheese tempura fried topped with sweet potato salad and eel, sweet chili sauce,   The FUSION SASHIMIA rice-less roll; crab, avocado, tuna, white fish, salmon, yellowtail, cream cheese wrapped in cucumber,  and the SUPER CRAZYegg custard, crab, avocado, cucumber, salmon skin, eel  topped with masago, wasabi tobiko, togarashi and eel sauce and then my standard The Rainbow Roll and every thing was great.  With lunch we got a choice miso or onion soup and a salad.  This is a nonsense place in a strip mall, but the sushi is fantastic.  I look forward to trying the some of the Korean options and the rest of the rolls.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,3/25/2013,122,198,,3,2>Stopped in today for a quick lunch and to try one of their beers. They make about five beers in the brewery next door. I tried the pale ale and it was decent. Wouldn't take a trip out to Mt. Dora again just for the beer, but it wasn't bad either for a small brewery. They also offer a beer flight to sample all their beers for $8.00I ordered the veggie flat bread and my husband ordered the sliders. Both of them were prepared well. In my opinion, the flat bread was a little boring seeing that it only had 3 vegetables. I think it could have been better with some balsamic dressing. Pretty small restaurant, but it wasn't busy at all when we were there. The servers are also very nice. Also, the hours posted on Yelp are wrong. The say that on Sunday they don't open until 12:30. They were opened way earlier for breakfast. Next time I find myself in Mt. Dora I will check this place out again.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/24/2013,71,131,4,5,3>I have been coming to this bar for the last six years and it is absolutely the funnest dance floor in Orlando!  The main dance floor is surrounded by tons of tv screens all playing music videos to whatever song is playing.  Such a fun atmosphere!  The crowd here changes vastly depending on what night you go.  My favorite night is Saturday for new wave 80s music.  Friday nights are fun too but tends to have a much younger crowd than Saturday nights.  There is usually no cover if you get there early and if there is a cover when you go it is around five bucks or less. The drinks are strong and inexpensive.  There is a bar near the entrance when you walk in and an outdoor patio area which is great for people watching.  And people watching on weekend nights are the best!  I have seen so many crazy things happening on Orange Ave which makes for great conversation and entertainment!  Aside from the bar by the front, there are two other bars on the first floor and there is a bar on the second floor that has a balcony where you can check out the dancing crowd below.  This place gets pretty smokey unfortunately for my preference.  I always have a fun time shaking my badonkadonk on the dance floor with great friends!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/23/2013,13,101,2,6,2>I've only been to philly once...and the only thing I ate was a cheese steak..it was OK.  This place is not OK...It is awesome!  I asked for mine really sloppy and sure enough it was loaded with that glorious whiz!  fresh shaved ribeye...literally they just finished doing it when we got there and one run on sentence later I really loved the cheese steaks here.  The crab fries ( old bay tossed fries with cheese dip) are pretty addictive.  They are open pretty late and the dudes working are cool guys, but I would have to say that the prices are perhaps a touch high..food's great, so it doesn't bother me too much.  Eat here.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/22/2013,36,119,2,4,3>Welcome to my life roti canai. I love you and I don't know how I ever lived without you. You are the main reason why this review is 5 stars. It's like a puff pastry brushed in butter and more butter. And then you dip it in that delicious, spicy sauce. Wow. Yes, we had 5 of them...for two people.The "so so's": Roasted duck and pot stickers. Both very bland.The good: Basil fried rice and grilled beef skewer with bulgogi sauce. They're okay.The amazing: roti canai of course, the crispy roast pork and the roti dessert with dulce de leche sauce and vanilla ice cream. OMG, that porkkkkk is like chicharrones with the super crispy layer of fat. We ordered two of these. And the dessert is roti with dulce de leche and ice cream. Hello! Of course, it's amazing!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,3/21/2013,76,315,3,4,5>They have mochi ice cream here!!! It's so perfectly delicious... in flavors like mango, red bean, green tea, chocolate... I wish they served avocado and cucumbers though, for sushi ingredients. But they carry everything else for making sushi at home - the nori (dried seaweed) and other fresh produce, the sushi and rice vinegars and the short grain white rice. They were out of boba when we ordered slushies though... which is weird for a place that sells the stuff! I also bought up some tapioca pearls to try. Everyone was nice and helpful. I didn't care for their boba slushies but my husband totally loved his so it must be a personal preference on tea vs slushie and it was my first time trying a slushie. The boba gets frozen in them though and won't go up the straw. I look forward to creating my own at home with what I bought. I will be buying them out of all their red bean mochi forever...! Did I mention it's perfect?
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/20/2013,188,226,,5,1>Fun night with fun friends!  I enjoyed the selection of beers that the Milk Bar offers.  Too many to pick from.  I went with the only one I knew... the Holy Ale from the Python people.  it was tasty!  The staff is super nice and I so wish we had a lay back bar like this near me in Winter Garden.   I totally recommend The Milk Bar for a quiet place to relax... play a few games... watch a fun movie or hang out with friend!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/19/2013,113,259,,5,3>How do you rate something like this and still be objective.  On the one hand, it is a historical landmark, and is something unique to the Central Florida area.  On the other hand, it could really use some help, a restoration of sorts, to really bring it back to its former glory.  I am a native Floridian, and had always heard, but never visited this landmark.  We were in the area visiting Donut King, and decided to drop in.  The view from the top is really neat, you can clearly see the downtown Orlando skyline (which is about 20 miles away), and there are signs up top showing you points of interest to see.  The issue here is that it really could be so much more.  Up top, they could have the gallery of pictures that they have down below (which seemed almost hidden), showcasing all the great history of the citrus industry, and the history of this great tower.  The view itself is great, but I found it almost more interesting seeing pictures of Central Florida in the 1960's and 1970's, and reading about how great the citrus industry was before the deep freezes in the 1980's.  Aside from just the interior, the exterior of this tower could also use some freshening up.  New coats of paint would really do wonders to bring back the old look.  I assume of course that all of this is quite expensive, and judging by the lack of people out there when we visited, it is probably not a hugely profitable landmark.  I will definitely come back when I am in the area, there really isn't anything like it around anymore.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/18/2013,86,103,1,5,2>I drive past 3 other Chinese restaurant to get to this place. Good Chinese food is hard to come by by Millenia (without splurging on PF Changs) and this place fits the bill for me.My go to is the sesame chicken combo with fried rice and an egg roll and it satisfies. It's not as good as China Bell in Kissimmee, which I would say is the best I have had in terms of Chinese take out in Orlando, but it's the best in the area.A tip: you will have to look past the area. It's in the same shopping center as a rather sketchy laundromat and I don't believe Oak Ridge is the best area in town. Nevertheless, if you're just in and out, or care for delivery, I think this is a good option.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/17/2013,197,151,5,5,6>1. Walk into Sassafras2. Go crazy3. Transform into a kid again4. Buy everythingThat's pretty much what happens to anyone who takes a step into this glorious piece of candy heaven. There's nothing you can't find here. Vintage, modern, quirky, exotic -- literally any kind of candy you can think of. There's even vegan candy bars like Jokerz, Twilight, etc. And who can resist poking at the World's Longest Gummy Worm? lol. I realize I may sound like I'm on a sugar-high right now, and I am. It's the emergency Bochox (can be found at Sassafras) that I keep around for cravings like this. Sassafras is one of those places where I try to stop by when I visit Winter Park. I don't know why. Is the the cute decor inside? The candy-laden tables, walls, and baskets? Is it just experiencing the wonderment of being a kid again? Or the immediate sugar-rush you get from just walking in? I don't know. Maybe it's all of it. Or maybe I'm just sentimental, but one thing's for sure, I've never left empty-handed. Sassafras is a great store for finding simple gifts for your friends. I know I've bought several things from here on occasion and everyone always wonders where I get them. They're wonderful for a laugh. And the sales-girl is always so friendly. But I guess I would be friendly and happy too, if I worked in the sweetest shop in Orlando. haha.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,12/23/2012,100,95,,3,2>Definitely our favorite sushi place in Central Florida.The menu is amazing and has so many options.  For me - I love edamame.  And not only do they have that - but they have it with a number of other options. My favorite is the garlic/Sea salt.  HOT DAMN!I'm not a super adventurous sushi eater.  My husband and children have tried almost everything on the menu.For me, it's always tempura shrimp rolls.  And hands down, this has the best ones around.  Not only is the shrimp lightly fried and warm, but it also include crunches....those little fried pieces.  Such a great texture.The service is always great and they have a great customer email newsletter that always includes coupons and deals.If you are looking for a great Orlando sushi place - this is it!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/22/2012,23,286,,3,3>First impressions: the environment is slightly classier than photos portray, and I was surprised to see that most of the staff and patrons were not Asian.  We were immediately greeted with "the host will be right with you."  Once we were seated, our lovely server Kelsey fully explained the menu after her knowing that this was our first visit.  Left side of the menu are smaller dishes, right side of the menu are larger dishes.  Beer, wine, and sake list available, offering decent choices (shout out to Sierra Nevada Porter- $5 and Dogfish Head Midas Touch- $8).  Superstars of the meal included:  Roti Canai ($3 for one; $4.50 for two), Crispy Roast Pork ($5), Coconut Curry Shrimp ($6), Durian Creme Brûlée (Thank you Jesus!) $8.00, and Creme Brûlée Trio $8.00 (milk tea, green tea, and chai tea- Midas Touch beer was lovely with all four creme brûlées).  Desserts are not listed on the menu, and if I hadn't already heard from a fellow yelper about the Durian dessert, I probably would have declined to hear the desserts.  Even if you don't have room for dessert, listen to the selection.  I can see where some folks may have had not-so-good service as there were two employees who appeared to not be in a good mood, however they were balanced out by Kelsey, the dude host, and the dude with the fabulous mustache.  All three were enthusiastic about the menu when we had questions and when we asked for their recommendations.  My ONLY complaint, which is not significant enough to take away a star, is the seating; the chairs aren't that comfy.  This is the kind of place in which as I was paying the tab, I was thinking about when in the next weekI could revisit.  Loved it!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/21/2012,13,101,2,3,3>Plain awesome...the atmosphere really feels like you walked into a Caribbean joint...in the Caribbean!  Others may cal it dingy, but I wallow in it.  Jerk pork was melt in your mouth tender (seriously, I couldn't believe it..talk about surprise!) and the flavor was exotic and delicious.  Goat curry hit the spot and the rice and peas have that great subtle spice that combines so beautifully with this kind of cuisine.  Get some.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/20/2012,52,81,,4,4>Attention Yelpers! This is a must visit place!!!Hana Kimi opened back in October and we have been trying to get out here to get our sushi fix since then but something always has gotten in the way. Today I visited with my Son Michael. I can tell you we were certainly pleasantly surprised! First of all I'd like to say that I would have given Hana Kimi a 5 star rating but I found just a few things that I'd love for them to change. So, while certain aspects of Hana Kimi are a five, I gave them a four so I can come back and upgrade to a five later as they might just change some things after customer feedback. Having said that though, none of them take away from the freshness of the sushi and sashimi and excellent service Hana Kimi has to offer.If you are in the Orlando area near Hunter's Creak this is a must try place. The previous Asian place that was at this location served Chinese food and sushi. That place didn't do either type of food Justis and I'm glad that they are gone and the new owner cares about the quality of food and quality of service.This visit we started with 2 soups. A bit on the warm side instead of piping hot but, hey not bad flavor. Can we have some kind of spicy soup guys? Then it was time for a sashimi appetizer. We had tuna and red snapper. Yummy! In fact so yummy we ordered a second round. The prices were low for the size of the pieces of fish you get. The Wasabi was just right. A nice kick. Now on to the main course! We had 2 specialty rolls. The first one was the Manhattan roll and the second was the Caterpillar roll. Both were fantastic. They were so good that I took home a Caterpillar roll for my other son David that didn't get to visit with us on this trip. We also had a spicy tuna roll and a salmon skin roll. I like my salmon skin roll with cream cheese. Combined with the Eal sauce it was a match made in heaven. The rice was perfect and not one roll split. They didn't over do it on the rice to make the rolls look bigger than they were. They served a great product and I think the other sushi places in the area have a worthy opponent for my business. I wish they had a Mexican roll though. It was greatly missed! Just sayen.I can't say enough about the quality of service. The girl that served us our lunch was helpful, kind, polite, and knowledgeable. She was quite attentive and ready to do what ever it took for us to be happy.The place was kinda empty but it was early on a Sunday and they are pretty new. The place isn't all Fancy with decorations and steamed towels, but, we felt at home and were treated well. I would like those steamed towels though.So to wrap things up, we got two soups, eight pieces of sashimi, three specialty rolls, and two regular rolls (plus cream cheese for one). All this ran us $60? That's it? You bet we'll be back and we'll tell everyone we know about the 5 star food and service at Hana Kimi!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/19/2012,113,259,,4,3>So many excellent donuts to choose from, so many ways for me to eat 1,000 calories in one sitting.  We came in at around 6:30 on a weeknight, and the place was busy then.  I asked if they were making any donuts fresh at the time, and quickly learned that my old standby, the Boston Cream, was coming off the line.  It was absolutely amazing, hot, and full of custard (not like Dunkin Donuts and their little piddly custard filling).  We ordered a dozen assorted donuts between two of us, I ate 3 in one sitting and made myself stop. My only regret would be that I didn't come earlier, as they were out of several donut varieties I would have loved to try.  Do yourself a favor, and make a little trip out here one day.  I drove down here solely on Yelp reviews, and it was well worth it.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/18/2012,52,143,3,7,4>Thank you Janene H. for the awesome review. I took my full litter of kids hear for the first time today, and we had a blast.The people at Lake Meadow are some of the nicest folks around. They made my young-uns feel so welcome by inviting them into the chicken house, introducing them to the dogs, giving them cheese sticks to eat while we waited in line at the store, and so much more.They were able to pet animals, take pictures, ask questions, and attempt to communicate with the turkeys by screaming "gobble gobble gobble" at them.The grounds are beautiful and the animals are very well kept.The store is my personal favorite spot here. I have decided that I will buy as much of my food here as I can from now on. They offer a wide variety of fresh vegetables, and fruits, milk, eggs, meats, jams, cheeses, and so much else. Everything is organic, farm raised, cage free, grass fed, etc. Their are no pesticides, no hormones, no MSG, no worm filler, no genetic X-men style mutations, no slime, chlorine, urine or whatever other crap I am convinced super market food is ridden with. In short, this is REAL FOOD. Much of it comes from the farm itself, some looks to be shipped in from other farms equally as impressive. The eggs are ridiculously delicious (though a little pricier, but who cares.) The cheese is legendary, and is priced pretty competitively. The fruits and veggies are top notch. The preserves are amazing, and I'll let you know how the milk and meat is on my next visit.Though the store is pretty small, they are able to sell a lot out of it.There really is no better place to buy your food than the farm it comes from, and few places that offer the excitement a child will have at Lake Meadow Naturals.Oh and the best part, I live less than two minutes away...score.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,12/17/2012,164,132,2,5,4>Upon the reco of a friend, I ventured here to get a sofa cushion repaired. I washed the cover of one of the pillows from my love seat, and apparently that caused one of the seams to begin unravelling. Decorative Home Interiors was able to repair the damage in about 10 minutes, at a cost of like $5 or something. I never would've even known they provide this service (obviously it's not their core business) if my friend hadn't told me about them. I would definitely go back to Decorative Home Interiors in the future for a similar service or decorating needs.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,12/16/2012,81,282,,4,1>Highlights:(1) Great beer selection! Mostly bottles, but they have a few drafts including Bell's Two Hearted Ale and Erie Railbender.  Check out their many refrigerators lining the walls with plenty of great beers. They also have mimosas and wine.(2) Cheap & delicious breakfast. Try the Big Boy!(3) Awesome salads, wraps, and sandwiches.(4) Great outdoor area and they allow pets. On any given weekend day, you'll find more than a couple pets hanging around.(5) They have a lot of cool stuff you wouldn't expect. Craving Ben & Jerry's? They've got it.  It's definitely nothing like what you'd expect from the outside.(6) You can dine in or take out (including the bottled beer). It's such a versatile place!- The only drawbacks are the parking--but you can usually find something near Lake Davis--and that there's no indoor seating. The staff is friendly and totally add to the vibe. And if you ever need to MapQuest it, you can't forget the address :-)
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,12/15/2012,31,130,1,4,4>A small, cute, and funky cafe with tasty sounding sandwiches! Tasty sounding because I've only been once and can't wait to go back and try more! There's not much seating inside so hope that you're not there when it's busy to be able to sit and enjoy your sandwich.There are so many options to choose from that I'm sure any person will find a sandwich they like. I opted for the turkey with provolone, red onion, southern slaw, and thousand island (minus the red onion). It was served slightly warm on thick, crusty white bread. The southern slaw was a great addition because it added a different texture to the sandwich and I always enjoy a little crunch in my meals.I also tried the green milk tea. The flavor was good but the consistency was a bit thicker than what I'm used to. They have a nice selection of other teas on the menu which I'll definitely try during my next visit.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,12/14/2012,197,592,2,8,3>There's something refreshing about Pioneers Western Kitchen, I can't quite put my finger on it.  It's clean and inviting, and it serves a wide variety of food, some of which just sounds really unique (cactus burger?).  But while they have the look, the feel, and the menu of a place that says, "Hey look at how different we are, that's why it's all expensive!", it's just not true -- they're really not expensive.  Yet, the menu is filled with items made completely in-house. Even the hamburger buns are made daily.For all of my visits to Pioneers so far, I have yet to find a meal that hasn't left me completely satisfied.  The burgers are a good size and cooked just right according to specifications.  The brisket sandwich is tender, moist and flavorful. The veggie burger (Pioneer Vegburger) is an obviously (and thankfully!) hand-made patty that packs a lot of flavor. The Pioneer Chili likewise is flavorful and packs a nice punch without going overboard.  The fries and the sweet potato tots are both excellent, worthwhile sides to your meal.That's all I've had so far, but I've already got a mental list of what to try next. Cactus burger, here I come.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,12/4/2011,144,100,4,4,3>"Oh, the Places You'll Go!" This is what friends/co-workers brings to work these days... those smooth, creamy, rich, and delish "frost-a-cular" mini cupcakes! I swore this was a chain but this is indeed a local place that has reach to the stratosphere in terms of one of the top places to head for desserts in Orlando. Their minis are to be devoured down especially their Mini Mania Mondays where all Minis are $1. I have tried so many flavors. My personal favorites are the Chocolate Mousse, Key Lime, Boston Cream, Black and White, German Chocolate and the list goes on. I would probably like everything on the menu ;) This is like HGTV of cupcakes where everything is continuously being experimented.This is where your sweet tooth will bear its saber tooth ready for those cupcakes!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,12/3/2011,197,592,2,12,6>Yum-Mi couldn't possibly be more different from the Ba Le Bakery it replaced, even if it tried. Long gone is the cluttered glass deli case, complete mess of a preparation area, old worn floors, fluorescent lighting and questionable suitability for food service (not that it stopped me from going there, of course).In its place is a sleek, modern deli with brand new everything. It's clean, sparsely decorated, and quite beautiful.  There is now one of those tables that wraps around the windowed perimeter so you can eat looking out onto Mills.  It's much more open and much more inviting looking.The menu contains a number of classic bánh mì options as well as a large number of selections for a more Westernized palate. Noodle dishes are also available, though I didn't look at them much since I was decidedly there for the bánh mì.I decided to try one sandwich from each camp: from the "classic" bánh mì menu I ordered a pork sandwich, and from the "special" menu, I ordered the Yin n' Yang.The pork bánh mì was pretty straightforward in that if you've had it anywhere, I don't think you'll be too surprised with this one.  Pork slices with the usual suspects in bánh mì: carrot, pickled daikon, cilantro, raw jalapeño and cucumber. Overall I really liked it, though it was a bit dry and could have used some sort of spread (preferably something with a little heat to it).The Yin n' Yang was a sort of bourbon chicken, topped with the aforementioned veggies, minus the jalapeño and adding tomato slices. It was more distinctly flavorful than the pork, and wasn't quite as dry although it too could have used a bit of heat.  I can't say for sure if I liked it better, they were both quite good.The sandwiches came in some great bread (although not the typical french baguette that I became accustomed to in California) which was crunchy and flaky on the outside, soft on the inside.It's not my favorite bánh mì in Orlando, but I'd put it in a very solid 2nd place.  And since my favorite shop only has one table to sit at, I could actually see myself coming here more often than going there.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,12/2/2011,293,472,6,13,10>Last night I found a food truck downtown, Arepaso de OrlandoThey are open Wednesdays through Saturday nights at Washington and court basically across from Gringos Locos.They have only 3 items:Venezuelan ArepasHam and grilled cheese sandwiches($7)Colombian hamburgersThe Arepas($5) are filled with either shredded beef and cheese or chicken and cheese. The photo on their menu shows crappy American cheese but that isn't what they put on it, they use a white shredded type cheese. The Arepas themselves are white but not really sweet and they cut it in half to open it up like you would a pita and stuff the ingredients inside.They have 3 sauces in squeeze bottles you can put on as much as you like. Garlic sauce, Tartara and a Spicy one. I asked him a few times what peppers were in the spicy one but he just kept saying chili. All of the sauces had a similar white consistency but my fav was the garlic. The spicy one was good too but it wasn't very spicy just a little.I didn't get to try the other 2 items but the Colombian guy working there said they were really good.They also sell soda and water, go try em out after you have danced your booty silly and are wasted out of your mind, then they will taste like heaven in your hand. He said they usually stay open until about 3:30 AM#OrlandoFoodTrucks
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,12/1/2011,85,61,2,6,5>I confess that I'm no expert on Thai food... The spicy drunken noodle is so flavorful that I can't bring myself to try anything else on the menu. You can order most dishes anywhere from mild to hot.Good food, friendly service... I'll be back. :)
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,11/30/2011,186,121,4,5,5>Ok.  Bathrooms I find insulting. The rest of the design is so well thought out, I feel the restrooms are intentionally frustrating.  I can almost hear the designers having a snipey snicker.Also, the food is fantastic but still not an A+, just an A.   This is someplace I think they could be a smidgen more challenging when competing on this level. So why five stars?Amazing and fun service.The kitchen bar is perfect and the chef's are fun, accessible, talented and kind.Incredible wine menu with full and half glass selections to pair with small plates.Luma.  Do it. again and again.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,11/29/2011,181,355,6,11,7>This place is on fire!A total revamp of the previous Chinatown, Hawkers has a new modern look and a bitchin' menu full of delightful tapas (smaller portions), nothing of which is over $7. The menu size is impressive, but not overwhelming. The fare is all over the Asian map, with influence from Thailand, Vietnam, China, Malaysia, etc. The best thing to do is just start ordering stuff, and not to spend much time debating about ordering this vs. that. Just tell the nice lady what you wanna start with.I tried 4 items...-Five grilled wings with thai chili sauce. $4 (They have like 10 different Asian-style wing sauces)-Two fish tacos with 5 spice seasoning $6. Very good, but needed some kind of sauce so I threw sriracha on them.-Sliced pork tenderloin with tamari/scallion sauce $3.-Some other dish considered a signature Malaysian street food (top right page of menu). It resembled Pad Thai, but with more good stuff and less noodles $6.I'd order any or all of this stuff again, but I'm curious about trying many other things they offer. The presentation of every dish is neat. Everything is light and tasty! The fried stuff appears to be flash-fried, which gives a nice crunchy texture without saturating your food in oil. Plenty of vegetarian options, and enough variety to keep it interesting. You're bound to find stuff you've never heard of in here. Most everything is about $4 or $5. Great service from Kay, and an overall satisfying first visit. I'll be back soon!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,11/28/2011,40,49,11,3,4>To spend the "Rapture" aka end of the world afternoon, the wife and I decided to leave this earth in style, and you know that means pretty, clean & happy feet.The staff was very friendly and took their time during the pedicure, the massage chairs were excellent also.  I am no authority on pedicures but this place was relaxing, clean and well kept, and above all: wife approved.My Vietnamese is a little rusty but I was 99% sure the pedicure ladies were making fun of the size of my feet, i'm just lucky they didn't charge extra for size 12's.$44 for both of us was not bad at all for the long relaxing service, though I take 1 star off because they didn't offer any "end of the world" discounts AND the reading materials had no Car and Driver or Popular Mechanics magazines, just a bunch of celebrity gossip and fashion crapazines.Real men get pedicures.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/27/2011,426,190,4,11,9>Come experience the world of Sus Hi! Step into their restaurant and be amazed by their ninjas as they prepare your sushi to go! Choose from a variety of rolls, bowls, and burritos. Mix and match and make your own unique creation. For their grand opening all rolls are only $3! From here on out all rolls are ONLY $6! High quality foods, unique presentations, and a once in a lifetime experience; come check out what Sus Hi has to offer you! Suggestions on rolls:Sus-Hi RollCheeseburger RollVolcano Roll
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,11/26/2011,101,248,4,8,8>So happy they are finally open! So many yummy choices!!!I tried the Asian Braised Beef Tako and the Chicken Empanadas with the Lemongrass-corn Salsa. The tako was so juicy and full of wonderful flavors. The fresh ginger was a wonderful surprise. The empanadas were a mild southwest flavor and full of cheesy goodness. I have to admit I only had a little of the salsa left for the empanadas because it was so yummy that I ate most of it by itself!The only con: I wish I had gotten more!I can't wait to go back and try more. You should too!!Note: It's cash only right now.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,11/25/2011,18,121,2,8,9>Thank GOD Orlando is finally starting to get with the times and get some decent food trucks!  This place seriously rocks and was worth the 30 mile drive it took us to get to its location of the day.  The burger was quite possibly one of the best I have had and the rosemary chips were perfectly seasoned and delicious.  My dining partner had the Mac and Cheese which was freshly prepared and great as well.  The service is really what rocked our socks off - they had forgotten an applesauce with our order and when we wandered back they not only gave us an applesauce but also a blondie for desert without us even having a chance to ask!  Awesome!  Only thing I would ask for is a better selection of drinks - they just had Pepsi, Diet Pepsi and Sprite (along with bottled water).  Some interesting sodas or cool ice teas would help fit with the food truck vibe.   Thanks Crooked Spoon!  We will be back soon! (that rhymed!)
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,10/1/2010,92,92,3,5,4>I have never had much desire to look into Sake until I was invited to try out Tatame one Open Mic night (Thursday). Well the first order I chose a hot Asian Pearl I believe and it was really not my taste because I like my drinks sweet unless it's a beer. The next flavor was Plum and I was done!  My new preference for a nice drink with a feel good effect is Sake. They have a great selection and they give you the option to customize the flavor. Surprisingly  they also sell Boba Tea for all the fans of drinks with tapioca balls. Another good item to try is the Cherry Bombs which have Smirnoff as the outside alcohol, which is completely delicious.  Best of all is the price of the drinks and compared to most restaurants it's a great deal. The place is very quaint but provides a chill atmosphere with great tunes. It's ideal to go here if you want to actually converse with someone and enjoy the company. The humus was good, and the next time I visit I will try some of the other items on the food menu. The only downside would have to be the parking which is around the corner, but it reminds you that you are in Winter Park and it's good to walk for once instead of being lazy!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,9/30/2010,90,56,,6,3>Central Park is a beautiful stretch of land along Park Ave across from many shops and restaurants. It runs between New York Ave and Canton Ave. There are several benches so you can take a break from your shopping and people watch. On the New York Ave end there is a beautiful rose garden that is maintained very well by the city of Winter Park and on the Canton Ave end there is a band shell which is the main attraction at yearly events such as the Olde Fashioned 4th. Central Park is also home of many Winter Park events including the Easter egg hunt and parade, the St. Patrick's Day parade and Picnic in the Park. The second Thursday of every month, weather permitting, The Enzian has a free movies called Popcorn Flicks. No pets allowed, which I'm grateful for. Sorry pet lovers!!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,9/29/2010,222,330,,13,4>I always worry when going to get my eyebrows done - I prefer a full, shaped, natural appearance and worry that a well-meaning technician might accidentally wax too much off or make them crooked.Gina at InStyle is great at waxing eyebrows and she did a superb job with mine. When I first got there, as a walk in, I had to wait about 20 minutes but I didn't mind since it was clear that she was taking her time with every customer instead of rushing to get them out.When all was said and done, my brows look great for my face and I didn't experience as much irritation and redness with waxing as usual.Gina also does facials, body wraps and massages (though I have yet to try one!)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,9/28/2010,372,220,5,9,8>Upon arriving you may hear the sound of popping corn coming from a huge kettle pot underneath a white tent. That my friends, is the sound of angels being born. The kettle popcorn at the Farmer's Market is fresh, hot, and sweet with a slight tinge of caramelized sugar on top that makes it such a delightfully delicious treat to eat with as you walk around the market.Inside the market there are vendors selling everything from your all natural produce, to doggie foods, home made artisan breads, cheeses, flowers, hot peppers, orchids, and more. Its full of people from older women in the area to young couples and quite a few people walking their dogs. The sights and sounds are of a community alive and thrivingviva la winter park farmers market !The Winter Park Farmer's Market takes place weekly onSaturdays from 7am - 1pmon New York Avenue at New England Ave in Winter Park,one street over from Park Avenue.tastychomps.blogspot.com…
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2010,9/27/2010,45,65,7,6,3>Okay, I want to love this place but there are some serious annoyances that I wish they would correct. Simple but important issues...Let me start by saying they provide a good selection of fresh greens and veggies. I like to design my own salad, but they have a diverse selection of pre designed salads to choose from as well.Now, I love chicken on my salad...but why they put scalding hot chicken all over my cold lettuce and veggies I will never know. Keeping the chicken cooking all day and then putting it on a chilled salad is not my fave but this place is good enough to keep coming back...and getting chicken.Lastly, why on earth does a place serving  enormous salads in metal bowls give the customers the cheapest plastic forks possible? I have been stopped on several occasions by my wonderful gf from bringing my own metal fork to avoid embarrassment but it's always so hard to eat a hearty salad with a small, flimsy plastic fork. Please...if the owner of Desinger Greens is reading this...metal forks would make you a solid 5 star...maybe even with the hot chicken...
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,9/26/2010,224,161,2,8,3>Tapas Tuesday is the best thing to happen to Tuesdays since Monday! Thirty different tapas and glasses of sangria for $4 or less. The patatas bravas are to die for! Recommend trying to Tortilla Espanola, albondigas, croquetas, champagne and their ceviche atun. Definitely a place for groups, order a few pass it around. The location is gorgeous, definitely "Spanish" and the staff is very knowledgeable about their menu. I always take out of towners here :)
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,9/25/2010,93,108,5,8,6>This is one of the best Korean restaurants in Orlando and I just don't understand why it's always empty. It's great for me because I never have to wait, but I also don't want this place to go under because I'd really miss their chicken bulgogi, galbi, and kimbap! Speaking of which, there aren't many places that I've found in NY or Orlando that serve kimbap (which are like Korean sushi rolls with veggies and cooked meat) -- if you haven't had it before, try it as an appetizer next time! They also make wonderful japchae (noodles) and a great variety of banchan (small appetizer dishes), my faves are the fish cakes and bean sprouts. I also love the cinnamon tea that they offer to you at the end of the meal. The last time I went, my friend got the bulgogi bi bim bap, which is new on their menu and looked great, so that's what I'm having next time! *Tip: Ask for the cinnamon tea when you get there and they will give you free refills too! It's delish!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,9/24/2010,209,153,4,5,4>I work in Lake Mary, so I get to check the happenin' night-time cougar spots out during the day, in bright light. And Dexter's is NO exception.I've hit this place MANY times for lunch - all have been excellent. The food here is top notch, they have fresh specials that rotate. My favorite sandwich is a hybrid Cuban and Ruban - don't shake your head, it is freakin' delicioius!I will tell you this though: the atmosphere here matches the rest of Lake Mary, and I just can't identify a heart in this place. This is not a requirement, keep in mind, but if you've been to the Dexter's Downtown, then you know what it should and CAN feel like.This Dexter's is a bit snooty, VERY clean, the art feels more formal, waiters are dressed super nice,... it just doesn't have the heart and soul of the other Dexter's.So yes I am a huge fan of their food, but not so much of their atmosphere. But considering their location, there's not too much I can do about it besides haul ass to the downtown Dexters.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,9/23/2010,472,111,2,9,5>I just ate at the Downtown PourHouse today and I am a fan already! I was soooo ready for a new restaurant/bar in Downtown Orlando as I work and play downtown so much.  When I passed by this place last night it was packed with people at the bar, and then today when I go for lunch it seemed very busy.  However, with it being busy and packed the servers were right on target and gave great customer service. I ate the Caesar Salad with Grilled Chicken and my friend ate a burger with Onion Rings on it - forgot the "original" name for both those items. We both raved saying even though it was just a salad or burger it was probably the best of those items we have had downtown. Unique thing about the dishes is that they all have Creative names, not just like Chicken Caeser Salad, but spice it up with their own dish names.  I feel this will be good branding when others are talking about their plates and the ones people particularly like.   They have a Facebook fan page which I love, knowing they have to use social media tools to hit the masses! I gave them a 4 out of 5, because I have only experienced a bit of this new restaurant/bar.  After going there a few more times I will do an update! Oh, and this might be crazy but I really like the chairs at the tables, very modern like.  Actually throughout the whole restaurant, the theme is modern and classy.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2010,9/22/2010,63,58,,3,3>I wanted to give this place a second chance after hearing so many great things about it and having such a dismal experience my first time.Well some things stayed true to form... 1) the staff here is very friendly and accommodating, 2) the drinking can be very affordable, case in point $10 for a bucket of 6 cans of bud light, 3) if it rains head inside... and 4) if you want a burger worthy of a $12 price tag go elsewhere!!Now the big test for me was when I reordered a hamburger.  Now my last review was truthful, as hard as it was to really rip into them for the terrible food quality, however this time they somewhat saved themselves.  I ordered a burger with fries and it was cooked to order this time.  The burger was juicy and the fires were crispy.  My complaint at this point was that although the burger was cooked properly, it really lacked any flavor at all.  I was just very bland.  I mean for $12 at least throw on some Lawry's Season Salt if you can"t season your ground beef any better than this!So my conclusion... if you want a fun place to hang out and get your drink on  then go to the GJ.  If you are going specifically for a great hamburger I suggest a place like Johny's Fillin' Station instead.Graffiti is good at everything except that which they claim to be great at!  Go elsewhere for a burger and don't make a $12 mistake here,
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,8/10/2011,107,68,3,9,4>hands down the best Caribbean food in town....I was a little unsure of this place at first, cause the plaza it is in is a little run down. Plus when you walk in the place looks a little shady. Don't let that fool you. The food is wonderful!The first time I went there I ordered a beef patties for an appetizer. I had never had one before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Now it is my favorite thing they serve. It is like a spicy beef filling in a pastry dough and baked to perfection. I like it soo much i usually take one or two home with me too.For the main course  my favorite item on the menu is the goat curry.  I know what your thinking.. umm goat curry????? But it is really really yummy. I should warn you though.. there are quite a few bones you will have to pick through but it is totally worth it. Plus the servings are soo generous you don't miss out of any meat. With the goat curry also comes with a  generous serving of beans and rice, vegetables and two plantains.They also have really good jerk chicken and pork. Personally I prefer the pork since i am not a huge fan of chicken, but both of them are servers perfectly melt off of bone and in your mouth tender. Sooo goood!The service is usually very nice and friendly. You get the feeling that it is a family and friend kind of hang out place adding to the authentic feel.One down side i noticed, was the servings were a little larger on the weekends for lunch then we did when we stopped in for a Friday night dinner. Not sure if there was a different cook or they were running out of stuff that night, but just to be safe i try to go for lunch only.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,8/9/2011,209,208,10,6,5>Check me out, 100 reviews!I went to Pine 22 to begin a first date with a prospective male suitor and all I can say is he didn't make the cut, but Pine 22 sure did!Their menu is setup where you can choose from a list of their signature burgers or on the flip-side you can build your own.  I chose to explore the latter and build my own masterpiece.  There are several meats, breads, cheeses, sauces, and toppings to choose from so it makes for a wonderful place to continue going to and trying new things. I chose the beef on a heaven-on-earth focaccia bread with goat cheese, mango chutney (YES!), spring greens, roasted red pepper, and grilled onions.  I was also seriously looking forward to having some sweet potato fries, but after offering to share his fries with me before ordering (AND NOT PAYING FOR ME!) my date went on to simply forget his bargain and I ended up with just my delicious burger.  At that point I would have enjoyed myself a little more in solitude and my perfect burger that way I wouldn't have to suffer through small talk.  I sound bitter, forgive me.  Anywho!  The burger was great, the place was nice and clean, the people were lovely (shout out to the girl taking orders, she gave my date the dirty look I wish I had given him!) and I will definitely be back to have-at the multitude of burger possibilities!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,8/8/2011,210,146,2,4,3>Nestled between the ORMC/Winnie Palmer and the Downtown Amtrak Station is a little area with a lot of possibilities. I think it's only a matter of time for this area to re-blossom into a sort of Bohemian, Eclectic off the path type place with Wine Bars, Cafes, and where little shops might spring up.Recently I was invited back to Jazzy Dog Cafe by New Owner Rich Sears,Jazzy Dog is located in this area and Rich invited me to come back in and try another burger, so today I was in the area and decided to stop inJazzy Dog has been updated on the inside and they've even added a few outside tables. Plus a few additional items on the menu. Walking in I noticed that you were greeted right away, offered a seat and to take a look at the menu. 2 people ahead of me ordered the burgers which smelled really good and while I was really in the mood for something else, Pastrami caught my eye, but I decided I should give the burger another try since I was pretty dis-satisfied the last time and in emails Rich assured me that it was better. I am glad that I did, It was not cooked in the microwave like last time and it had a lot of flavor. My experience was so good enough for me to want to go back and try that Pastrami sandwich next time or even one of the many hotdogs. After being asked how I liked the burger, I told them great and introduced myself since Rich had sent me a few emails. He once again invited me back and told me that they are still adding to the menu and hoped I would try them again. Which I will!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,8/6/2011,84,171,14,14,5>Hollerbach's Willow Tree is a German restaurant that encourages gluttony, drunkenness, and conga lines, all bad behavior I can support 100%.I probably shouldn't be encouraging you people to go because I already have to wait two hours to get in on a Saturday night, but the secret is already out on this gem.Once you've elbowed your way to a table, you're sucked in by the fun atmosphere. Tables pass around boots of beer, forcing grandma to take part in family drunkery. On stage is a wonderful Polka (or Oompa Pa) band that plays gems like "The Chicken Dance" and a drinking song every five minutes, forcing you to shout "Zicke zacke zicke zacke hoi hoi hoi!" It's beautiful enough to make you weep.The food is heavy, fattening, and amazing. When I want something lighter, the Gypsy Schnitzel is unbreaded and bathed in peppers and onions, giving you the illusion that it's healthy. My standard is a selection of three sausages, then over-carbing by adding a side of potato pancakes (served with sour cream and applesauce) and a mashed potato concoction called heaven and earth ( it really is Heaven ON Earth).Hollerbach's has an amazing beer selection. German beer gets you drunk easily, so you should be sufficiently tipsy after a pint and a half. Feeling confident and happy, you will join the conga line and feel like this is the best day of your life.Service, yes, can be rude, but honestly I expect my German servers to be surly and angry with the world. This restaurant is the ultimate in comfort and escape from reality and your dreary, depressing life. I wish I could live here, but the owner already told me no.If there is a Heaven, it surely resembles Hollerbach's, only you'll never be full.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,8/5/2011,114,90,3,7,5>I went into this with a completely open mind. After reading some good but mixed reviews on the service I still decided to check it out. We didn't have many choices as its sunday today so it was nice that they are open everyday there. The decor is exactly what I expect from a korean resto except its huge, there is alot of room and its spacious inside and the service was excellent.They offer about 6-7 dishes of Ban chan was delicious and fresh, the radish kimchi was my favorite. We ordered a couple different dishes, we got the pork and the beef bulgogi also a scallion/kimchi pancake which came with this spicy home made soy & pepper sauce (delicious) and also an order of 5 mondu.Everything was delicious, and fast really fast we had only been there for 10 mins, the restaurant was by no means busy though there were only 4-5 other tables eating. However when you see koreans eating there then you know its good and Id say half the restaurant was korean.I ate with my niece and my sister and there was two boxes of food left over. The total came to around $50 and this was for lunch, but we did order 2 things of meat and two apps and drinks so it wasn't too bad.The service was awesome and really fast but I could see how it would go down if they were really busy. Everyone was really friendly and they also were very helpful by even telling us the recipe to the soy pepper dipping sauce before we left when we interrogated the waitress. Overall great experience and also a great birthday lunch. I can't wait to reheat it all and eat again for dinner.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,8/4/2011,304,661,,14,14>Prickly Pear is a new restaurant located in the Sanctuary condo building on Eola Dr., just two blocks south of the intersection with Central Blvd. downtown, south of the main Thornton Park area. The vibe is contemporary Southwest from the decor to the cuisine.I enjoyed a nice evening here with friends last night. I was a big fan of the restaurant that previously occupied the large "L" shaped space, it was nice to see that the new owners kept the open feeling while also bringing new elements. The Bar area feels expansive, comprised of a large wrap around bar, several high tops and a large communal hightop dining table. The dining room is appointed with both booths and dining tables; there is also outdoor dining available at the front and side patios.We were greeted by 2 friendly hostesses and promptly seated for our 7PM reservation. Our server, Howard, was very attentive and friendly in his introductions and walking us through the menu with recently sampled favs of his and items that have been popular with customers during their opening week. We were in no rush and waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, so we placed a drink order and settled into the menu to make some app selections. The drinks are very well made. One friend ordered a dirty martini and I selected the Prickly Pear margarita, being a fan of them from my travels in the Southwest. (The Prickly Pear is the spiny fruit off of a specific cactus. After carefully peeling the prickly exterior, the pink fruit can be made into a syrup which is popular in drinks out West. The overall taste is tart, fresh and vaguely cherry-like with a hint of baking spices. IMHO.)  The pink margarita was made tableside, offering a choice of 4 tequilas. Freshly squeezed lime juice (really, a lime squeezed right there) and prickly pear juice were added to the tequila in the cocktail shaker, vigorously shaken and served in a Prickly Pear pint glass. DELISH! They also offer the margaritas frozen if you prefer, but you'll miss out on the show.After sampling my Prickly Pear margarita, another friend at the table ordered one choosing a different tequila and we could definitely taste the difference between the drinks. Rounding out the table was a beer drinker, who navigated the beer list that offered microbrews, imports and non standard domestic beers. Hubby would have been thrilled, but for the average domestic beer drinker or those seeking a lite beer- the current list will leave you wanting. We'll see if that changes, it was their first Saturday. The wine list is expansive, offering a wide assortment of red and white wines by the glass and by the bottle. We decided to drink and nosh, the Chile Relleno was amazing and a must order. A light, airy batter covered the mild pepper that was stuffed with an amazing melty cheese concoction. Not just heavy cheese which gets old after a few bites. The large pepper was served in a pool of savory red sauce; tomato and chipotle that was pleasingly smokey with lingering spice, not at all overpoweringly spicy. We raved as our party of 4 devoured it in quick time.Also ordered was the Portobello tostada, which was another great option. Well seasoned,the portobello mushrooms had a smokey grilled taste that went well with the caramelized onions and cheese on the crispy flour tostada. We also ordered the Heirloom tomato capresi, comprised of red and yellow tomatoes and a medium sized ball of fresh mozzarella cheese dressed lightly with olive oil, a few drops of balsamic and a large basil leaf. The cheese was spectacular, some of the best our table had ever enjoyed. We cut it into slices, finding it soft and slightly gooey in the center, really just lovely. The light dressing of olive oil and a hint of balsamic allowed the freshness of the tomatoes as well as the creaminess and quality of the cheese to really shine through.  Howard brought us a delicious bread basket that offered several selections of breads and rolls accompanied by a tomato Chipotle butter and a roasted garlic spread. Yum. We finished off the night with the Chocolate fritters. The plate came with the fritters placed around a scoop of vanilla ice cream, fresh raspberries and generous drizzles of chocolate sauce. The fritters look like chocolate hush puppies- the hard exterior gives was to a moist, almost molten center of chocolate yummy with a hint of cinnamon. Save room for this amazing treat.Throughout our time at Prickly Pear we watched the entrees arrive at the tables around us, everything looked very tempting and well prepared. The diners around us seemed just as happy with their selections as we were with ours. I've posted pics of the current menu and our food, all was amazing.We left to find beer for friends, however, we headed back with more friends at midnight to enjoy the late night bar. More PP margaritas were enjoyed and there was a healthy crowd at the bar. Great to have a late night option, as everything else nearby closes at midnight.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,8/3/2011,210,167,3,6,8>Ladies and gentlemen we have a winner!!! Spooky's is a tiny cafe located on Robinson and Primrose. Eclectic arts hangs on the walls and funky music fills the air. They offer an array of great draft beers and interesting wines. The menu is small, but the food is worthy of a food-gasam!!! To start, we ordered the cold spinach dip which is served with warm pita and ritz crackers. Nothing was left of it when we were done. I tried 2 beers, first White Rascal and 2nd Palm. The first was sweet and light. The second was a smooth and fruity. OK, so dinner, Pulled Pork on Waffles (I know it sounds insane.) Words cannot describe. It's that good. My vegetarian friend tried a bit of a bite and said she'd give up vegetarianism for it. We asked the server how they came up with the idea for it and she defaulted to the cook who explained that after receiving an abundant shipment of waffles they thought it would be neat to pair them with the pork.After loosening our belts we decided to take dessert to go, a delicious piece of red velvet cake. I will be back. Again and again and again. I'm in love!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/2/2011,1136,916,3,4,3>Very big park with a big play area for kids and lots of baseball fields, also this park is great for grilling or just relaxing on a lazy day.Volleyball is also great to play here with lots of lights around so if you have a baseball game or want to just play volleyball or bring the kids late in the day  it makes it safe here. Like someone mention  it is the official "USA softball national team training center of the East coast "  making this place very popular.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,8/1/2011,93,118,5,7,8>This place is fabulous!  I met a very nice lady in line at a local burger joint.  She had on a beautiful glitzy ring with purple stones.  I told her it was very pretty.  She was nice enough to let me know where she bought it!  She raved about The Pink Chalet and Kameleon jewlery they sell there.  I had heard of the place, but never been.  She so talked up The Pink Chalet, they really ought to consider her a marketing asset because I made a point to stop in 2 days later.  Its a cute boutique.  They sell jewlery, specialty clothing, purses and other delicious trinkets and gifts.  Girly stuff!  I bought a Kameleon ring and created a wish list.  One thing that was true from the referral I received was that the ladies that work in the boutique are very kind and attentive.  They patiently helped me decide on Kameleon pops.  Your purchase is wrapped, and packaged in a cute pink gift bag.  I joined their email list and receive trunk show invites, sales announcements and other events.  Its a feel-good place.  Stop in sometime and check them out.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,7/31/2011,334,198,1,4,3>Another delicious experience. Received a BOGO lunch entree coupon from a co-worker today and decided to make good use of it. As always, the food was delicious and the service was fantastic. Certainly no complaints here! I ordered a sweet tea (mm.... they have very good tea) and the chicken fajitas. Yum! I'm also a big fan of their chips & salsa as well. Great atmosphere. Beautiful interior with a fantastic patio overlooking a small lake. Never gets packed and quiet enough to hold a conversation without shouting. Will be sure to head back soon!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,10/6/2013,127,151,4,9,5>Amazing!I originally went to Vida because of a deal I found on Groupon. I had been wanting to try out a gel manicure and the price was right - $35 for a gel mani AND a pedicure. And since their location was close to work I decided to give it a try. Boy am I glad I did!As soon as I walked in the door I was offered a beverage. I decided to go for a glass of wine with mango juice added - holy yum! I waited barely any time at all before I was taken back for my mani and pedi. My nail artist Leann was great! I loved my nails and was so excited to see how long they lasted (almost 3 weeks in case you were wondering). As I was "checking out" the manager told me that if I prepaid for my next mani/pedi I would receive the same groupon deal pricing. Sign me up!On my next visit they had a few issues with scheduling, but the manager did everything she could to make up for it - including staying late and doing my mani and pedi herself. Where many salons would have just told you to come back another day when they realized they were running behind, Vida went the extra step to make sure that I got my services that day. After that I realized that I was a customer for life!I've had three gel mani/pedis so far and I can't wait to try out some of their other services that they offer (they offer a lot)!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,10/5/2013,86,62,9,9,6>Terminator 2, Beethoven's 5th, and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. America is built on sequels, and having just celebrated the Independence Day of our country, I thought I would provide one of my own.For some background, please see the review from Caroline A., my wife. After going through many groomers, she finally found the perfect one in "A Beauty Chop for Dogs". Her experience is how I ended up here. This review is just the much longer, more random, sequel to hers.She had her furball (Gordo) before we met, and I had mine. My previous dog, Emma, never had to see actual groomer. Some minor trimminig at home and having her nails done at the vet were really all that was needed. "Our" pup though, the one we later adopted together after having to say our goodbyes to Emma, is a shih poo, one that definitely needs a groomer. We adopted him in September, and named him Walter, after Walter Bishop from Fringe. I mention this, because if you are familiar with Fringe, you are also familiar with Walternate. For the first few months, our Walter would randomly have a different personality, which we dubbed Walternate. While Walter did not need styling when we adopted him, the longer his fur grew, the more concerned I became that Walternate would come during a visit to the groomer. He has many "don'ts". Don't touch his paws, don't touch his tail... While we don't know his background before the rescue got him, it's thought he was not handled much, which led to a lot of trust issues with hands. Unless I could find a futuristic groomer that used some type of Jestson's-like machine, styling was going to be a nightmare. Thankfully, he does fairly OK during his baths, so monthly maintenance is not a problem. The drying off part..."DON'T TOUCH ME YOU STUPID MEAT PUPPET. I WILL DESTROY YOU!", seems to be his reaction. Our trainer warned us that styling was likely going to be an issue.So, I started on a hunt to find a groomer that would work with him. I contacted a few, explaining the situation, and none gave me a great feeling in their confidence, or showing a hesitancy. With our wedding quickly approaching, and wanting to get the pups picture ready, I finally took the advice of my future wife and checked with 'Beauty Chop'. After having issues with many other groomers, Gordo had been going there for years and I saw him get better and better with each visit, so why wouldn't the same work with Walter?I called them up, the same as the other groomers, and explained my concerns. I was assured they had people that could work with a dog such as him, and told to make sure to remind them of my concerns when I brought him by. Our vet said he might at times need doggie xanax, so I asked the groomer Walter should be given something like that before coming in. They said no, saying they would prefer to see his personality, and that we could cross that bridge as a last resort, but it would probably not be necessary.The morning of his appointment, we talked about his issues and I was asked what type of cut he should be given. I probably should have been prepared for that question, but I was focusing so much on what could go wrong, the cut style didn't even cross my mind. I mentioned a few things we liked about Walter's appearance, but would leave this style up to them.I would be lying if I said I wasn't watching the phone while he was gone, concerned he would bite somebody. When they called to say he was ready, I went, half-expecting him to be just buzzed, head to tail, since that would likely be the quickest.Nope! They did a really great job. It was obvious they listened to what little feedback I provided. When I was leaving, the woman assured me he did well, and they appreciated the feedback on some of his dislikes, as they knew where to be sensitive with him. I was also told he was welcome back anytime, which we nice to hear, after all of my concerns. Caroline took his brother Gordo in a few days later, and he came back picture ready as well.Last weekend, a few months after his first session with the groomer, it was time for a cut. With Caroline gone until next year, we weren't able to split up the appointments so I took them in together. Before leaving the furballs, I mentioned a few minor adjustments we thought might be good for Walter's cut. When I went to pick them up, they both looked awesome, and that feedback was again noticeable. I'm not sure how they track the stylings, if they use notes, photos, or a combination, but it really is wonderful how quickly can learn the dogs. I rushed home and immediately had to take and print some photos to send to my wife so she could see how great they looked.Yikes, imagine how long this review would have been if I didn't piggyback off of Caroline A.'s review a bit!As a note, I have uploaded some "after" photos. You can see a "before" in my profile. There is another "after" in my profile, but how they looked after their first visit. My photos stink in comparison to that one.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/4/2013,75,400,1,6,6>This was my first time here and I was really impressed.  Sam and Keith were the bar tenders and they know how to make amazing cocktails. They have no juice, sweet mixers or soda, but they muddle and squeeze real fruit, have many bitters and spirits to work their magic. They have a really nice beer selection, and they make sure you get a really clean glass and the beer are poured properly. I started with a Southern Whisky smash.  I nice whisky muddles with lemons and mint.  It was a great summer sipper. My wife had a jalapeno margarita and you really could smell the pepper.  My second drink was just bacon infused bourbon straight up  with a bacon garnish and a house made brandied cherry. My wife had a cucumber, gin mojito that was fantastic, not sweet, but really refreshing.  We finally split a corpse reviver that was amazing and made with Absinthe.  The decor is fantastic. It is in the Washburn Imports store in Sanford.  We would take our drinks and look at the cool furniture.  This is the best bar I have been to in Central Florida.  Don't go looking for cheap beer specials or 2 for 1 cheap well drinks, this place has amazing craft cocktails!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,10/3/2013,304,661,4,5,2>So much fun!  @sandiW had been and suggested we start up a series, so glad I did. I'm taking the beginner class. Taught by two different (fabulous) instructors depending on the class you attend. By the end of the class if felt a bit more coordinated and enjoyed a good work out in the process.Classes are $12 per session, no commitment or registration needed, though it's recommended that you start at the beginning of a class series. (The first class was spent introducing the concept of isolating specific muscles to movements you probably have never considered possible.) If you think you are going to be attending a series of classes, there are packages of classes available for a discounted price. Attire ranged from shorts, yoga pants, leggings and T-shirts with some class members wearing the ornate scarves over their clothes. You can purchase a scarf in the lobby store or find them very easily online. The class is performed barefoot, so most gals wore sports sandals or flip flops to class. Bring a bottle of water with you or water is available for purchase.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,10/2/2013,103,180,2,4,2>We were in the mood for Asian food and stopped at another local place first but there wasn't any seating so we headed here.  And we're so glad we did!  This place was packed too, but we snagged a spot at the sushi bar.We had gone out for Chinese, but when I saw the list, I knew I had to have sushi.  I ordered Rock Shrimp Roll to start with and my hubby ordered the Dynamite roll.  Then we each ordered a Dinner Combo--I got the honey chicken and hubby got the orange chicken.The soup part of the dinner combo came out first.  I had the wonton soup and hubby had egg drop.  They were both good.  Then our sushi came out.  I asked for some eel sauce on the side.  Both rolls were really good.  I'm not a big fan of spicy foods so the Dynamite roll was only okay for me but hubby really liked it.  I really enjoyed my Rock Shrimp roll though.  I'd get it again.Next came the egg roll.  Then after a bit came the meal with the pork fried rice.  Oh my.  The serving size was HUGE!!!  I could easily have shared mine with at least two other people.  I ended up taking it most of it home.  My honey chicken was okay.  Not my favorite honey chicken I've ever had, but that's okay.The staff was so nice  The waitresses seemed to know a lot of the people eating in the restaurant.  There seemed to be lots of regulars which is nice to see.  And apparently they have a $3.25 sushi happy hour.  We will DEFINITELY be back to try that out!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,10/1/2013,39,121,3,7,2>Nelore is a nice steakhouse in a nice location in Winter Park. The tables are set quite close together, and when they are all full, it is hard to squeeze around them. But it's obviously doing very well and it's very clean, even the restrooms. The food itself is spiced and prepared in excellent fashion. The salad bar has nice offerings, but not overly many, and it is all super fresh and of the highest quality (the items are gourmet, such as grilled vegetables, marinated mushrooms, palm hearts, tabouli, various pasta salads). The hot 'carb' options were Brazilian style rice and black beans, mashed potatoes, and bread. Those were good, but I tried to stay light on the carbs since I wanted to indulge the meat side.The first time there, they offered pork and chicken during the rounds, but on a Thursday at 6:30 pm they only offered steak and lamb options until about 7:30 when one offering came around of chicken sausage and of pork. I had a Groupon deal both times I went. All of the meat was superb cuts and taste. Various states of done-ness would appeal to most visitors. To be honest, the waiters kept coming around with the same cuts over and over again, and I'm sure were a bit impatient at being told "no", but we were waiting for something different. In the end, though, it was a good things, since we were really full. The waiter came back and asked if we wanted a different cut of meat from the kitchen, and we said no. I was impressed he asked. Well done! Highly recommend the place, as the food is stellar... but for the amount that I personally could eat and the variety, I could not see paying full price for this. The  taxes and gratuity added up to $18.60 and we paid about $40 for the groupon, so it was still a $60 meal. Well worth that price. But, not the full price at $75 plus tax and gratuity, unless you are a big eater. Then by all means, go forth and eat, your stomach will be happy!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,9/30/2013,138,169,1,5,5>In Longwood, just off Ronald Reagan and 434 sits a tiny house converted to brewery called The Hourglass Brewery.   They define the term "dive bar".  For those who have been, know the small business is hustling and bustling trying to provide different tastes in form of beer.  They're also a supporter of other local beers, you gotta love that.   If you follow them on facebook they're always giving out the day's password, for a dollar off pours.I enjoy their twist on stouts and porters.  They had a great dunkel once that was filtered through orange peels!! Amazing!!  The bartenders are always nice, knowledgeable and  helpful.  They always have a local artist showcase on the walls behind the bar.  oh, don't forget they have 18 different scenes drawn on their walls, if you guess all 18 you get a free pour.  Love this place!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/29/2013,469,289,,4,2>I'm sure you may have seen Matt's juices at a whole foods or Publix, but did you know that Uncle Matt is a local area grower in the Greater Orlando Area?I got a chance to meet Matt and his Dad Benny recently at the Orlando Brewery Anniversary party. They supplied the Organic grown locally No GMO Grapefruit for one of the Orlando Breweries beers. It was delicious!Not to mention I am a fan of their juices. It might just cure what ails you! Especially if you have been partying like a Pirate and think you might have scurvy. They also sell the fruit itself like Florida Peaches, Florida Avocados, and Florida Blueberries. While they have stopped giving grove tours due to insurance reason. They are still offering all their products at stores near you or on their online store. This is an awesome way to support a local business and in turn you get healthy, organic, non GMO fruits and juices. It's a win win!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,9/28/2013,86,103,4,8,5>Let me paint a picture for you. My head is resting on a warm pillow, SportsCenter is on television, I'm reclined and at ease. Sounds like I would be in the comfort of my own home, right? That was the scene as a received a filling recently. I mean, I could have slept through this procedure.The doctor spends time with you, the staff is kind, and you can tell they go out of their way to provide superior service. I especially like that, every so often, Dr. Hodgins does a day of free dental work for those who are unable to afford basic procedures.You can make your appointment here without hesitation, I drive 40 minutes to see this dentist. 5 stars.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/27/2013,88,52,,10,5>I am notorious for never carrying cash with me. I just never do. I don't know why.  So, after hearing rumors (which are true) about Clemon's cash or check only policy, I always skipped this produce shop and opted for a more convenient market. However, in the last two weeks, I heard just how amazing this place was from 3 different people. It was time to hit the ATM and head down to the unassuming little shop in a strip mall on the corner of Curry Ford and Crystal Lake. A good sign of its value was the crowd navigating the narrow aisles. As I began to navigate on my own, I felt transported to the 60's. The place is kind of old school, yet clean and simply laid out. Sale items are placed along the west wall with deli and dairy items towards the far right of the store. The flow of traffic is very convenient and helps make the grocery shopping affair a simple and quick one. I was ecstatic to find heirloom tomatoes from S.C and local eggs from Lake Meadow Farms. But my life would not be complete without the Amish sweet butter they sell there. I bought it and it changed my life. It was AMAZING. sweet, grassy, and perfectly creamy over my piece of toasted rye from Majestic Treats and Eats, a local bakery that sells bread in Clemons Produce. This is a gem in our community. We need to be supporting these businesses.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/19/2014,125,9,2,6,4>It took me a long time to finally try Le Coq Au Vin.  Not because a lack of desire but simply because I had no to dine with.  I can honestly say that it will not take me as long to return there.  Our service was fantastic from start to finish.  We went there for Orlando Weekly's Bite 30 month so it was kind of a prix fixe meal.  I ordered a salad, which wasn't spectacular but was still satisfying.  My lady friend ordered the French Onion soup and when it arrived, I realized that I had never had "true" French Onion soup.  Her bowl had croutons and cheese crusted on top as you delved into the soup.  The only French Onion soup that I had had previously was simply onion broth by comparison. My lady friend chose the roasted pork chop forrester with a peppered mushroom sauce. It was delicious.  Everything worked together.  I chose the cornbread and mustard-encrusted salmon with a beurre blanc sauce.  This dish practically melted in my mouth. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the sauce simply made it decadent.  For dessert, we had the creme brulee', which was fine.  However, at the suggestion of my lady friend, we also ordered a raspberry souffle.  My first souffle turned out to be EXQUISITE.  Unbelievable.  Sure, we had some unruly patrons occupying the restaurant at the same time as us.  That happens and I can't fault the restaurant for that.  Besides, they gave us an additional souffle to make up for that.With the quality of food, wine and the impeccable service, I can guarantee that we'll be returning to Le Coq Au Vin in the future.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,10/18/2014,197,151,6,6,5>I fought with buffalo sauce, and the sauce won.Due to an unfortunate mishap involving leftover buffalo wings and my passenger seat, I was left with an awful red-orange stain on my cloth-covered seat. I tackled the beast for three hours, hoping to get rid of it before the staining set in. I thought I had managed to clear the stain completely, but, alas, it was not meant to be. Though the stain had fully disappeared that evening, it came back with a vengeance the next morning! That's when I knew I had to call in reinforcements and searched on Yelp for a trust-worthy car wash specialist. I found a few places, but Shiner's was the closest and offered me the best deal ($10-$20, based on the damage). The receptionist on the phone was very polite and listened to my situation. Though she wasn't too sure they could fully remove the staining (due to the dyes in the sauce), she told me to come in to see if they could, at least, lighten it. As most of the remaining stain was fairly light to begin with, I went in with hopes that Shiner's would be able to finish what I had started. When I arrived, the place wasn't too busy, and Travis, the detailer, was finishing up a car. After, he shampooed my seats and successfully removed most of the remaining staining. He explained to me that, sometimes, difficult stains can rise up and reappear due to the seat padding -- it's called wicking. He was also very kind and told me to come back if the stain reappeared again because sometimes, it could take a couple tries before the stain fully disappears. So far, it's staying down -- but I'll give it a couple more days to settle. Overall, they were very professional and I'd definitely come back for any of my car-washing needs. Pro-tip: They offer a 20% discount on any detailing service with a Yelp Check-In. They also offer a 20% discount on Saturdays.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,10/17/2014,75,147,6,5,4>On our way to Lime, my wife decided to make a quick phone call, so we sat on the benches in front of the movies. While waiting for her to finish her call, I was approached by a guy offering samples of tea. I took a little cup from his tray and was very surprised at how good it was. I asked if they had Rooibos tea and when he said yes I told him I'd visit his store when we finished eating. About an hour later I walked in to this little tea shop and was instantly caught off guard. I hadn't expected it to be somewhere that they brewed tea for you to drink in-house, nor did I expect it to have an open mic or be set up like a restaurant. I had expected a store that purely sold prepackaged bags of tea to go. Upon glancing at all the loose leaf teas in fancy glass jars, and also realizing it was more of a tea room than a tea store, I immediately panicked, thinking "How am I gonna get out of here without flat out admitting this stuff is too expensive?" I figured I was looking at easily $30 for a small bag of tea, if not more. I was very wrong. A one ounce bag of tea, a beautiful infuser to brew it with, and a muffin for my wife cost me $11 after tax. I was blown away with how inexpensive this all was. I will be returning here for all my tea needs from here on out.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/16/2014,54,139,5,5,4>I had a great experience here trying their magical dining month menu. The restaurant is close to downtown Disney. I met up with a group if friends to try it we had a party if six but our waiter was always attentive of all our needs. He also took special note of any allergies in the group. I can't eat shrimp and another if our party was allergic to shellfish. For magical dining month you get an appetizer, entree and desert. I chose the key wester salad, cuban criollo chicken, and peanut butter bombe. All of the portions were fairly large and I was stuffed halfway through my desert. The salad was super tasty with bits of bacon and my desert was excellent (my favorite part of the meal). It was like a giant peanut butter cup. The chicken was pretty good. It was mostly boneless and they gave you two pieces. The sauce was good but I didn't like having to deal with the skin and bones. Overall a super great deal for a excellent meal.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,10/15/2014,59,210,3,6,5>Yalaha Bakery is a lovely gem of a (German) bakery in Lake County, about 20 minutes from Mt. Dora. It's a bit of a trek from Orlando, but if you're in the mood for driving through the lovely hilly country of Central FL, I highly recommend a visit that includes Lakeridge Winery and downtown Mt. Dora.Anyways, this bakery is probably my favorite in Central Florida due to its yummy, unique baked goods, delicious breads, and cute location that practically asks you to take a seat outside and stay a while. They have a list of events that often include local music acts performing on the stage there, and I'm sure there are also festivals that take place. I've been when it's busy on weekends, but I have never had any issue with feeling like it's overcrowded.The real good stuff are the pastries. If you're looking for a strong German representation, this is your place. One of my favorites is the poppy seed pastry square (I can't remember the name) that is so unique, dense, and a mix of bitter and sweet. I can't get enough of it, though it does fill me up quickly. The Bee Sting is another great choice, lighter in taste and texture, as are the shortbread cookies, danishes, walnut squares, German chocolate cake.... the list goes on.Also notable are the breads. I recently picked up a loaf of the Frankenleib (80% rye) from the day-old section and it was still good and moist. You can buy loaves or get a sandwich that is made on their bread. Good choices abound that are reasonably priced, though sometimes the wait for a sandwich can get a little confusing if it's really busy.Overall I recommend this gem in Florida's lovely hill country. You can make a day of it visiting the corn maze in Zellwood and perhaps the farm next door to the bakery once the Florida fall begins. Maybe in October or November. :)
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/14/2014,42,74,1,5,5>My boyfriend and I were looking for a great restaurant in the area and after a Yelp search we happened upon Mikado Sushi.  I hadn't had sushi since moving to Florida so I figured it was worth trying.  Upon first inspection the place is less than impressive.  It's located in a strip mall that looks fairly typical and unimpressive.  I've learned from experience, however, that you can't judge a book by its cover and this is definitely the case with this restaurant. The inside of the restaurant looks like your typical sushi restaurant.  Nothing fancy, but still nice.  We sat down and ordered the Miso Soup, which was fantastic.  We then ordered a few different rolls to share.  My favorite was the Chicken Tempura.  It's to die for!  By the time I was done with the soup and the various sushi we ordered I was pretty full.  However, I had to try the fried ice cream, which was also pretty fantastic.  I just couldn't stop eating!  I've eaten here now a couple of times and I just can't get enough.  The service is great, the food is fantastic, the prices are reasonable, and I always leave here in a great mood.  I've even had dreams about this place.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/13/2014,87,87,4,6,5>This was my first experience with what I describe as 'Asian fondue' and it was a blast! A group of us went out for girls night and took advantage of the $3 wine and $5 sake happy hour from 5-7.  Drink list was nothing special but who cares when it's that cheap! We sat at a large table which has four burners on it and one or two people can use each burner.  You either get one smaller pot or two semi-circles.  Our service was some of the best I've had anywhere and the waiter totally enjoyed our crazy conversations.So, step one- choose your broth. I went with the med. spice meat broth and wow did it have a kick! I can't imagine the 'numb.'Step two- check off the food you want to cook on the paper menu, just like you would a sushi menu.  The categories are vegetables, meatballs, vegetarian, dumplings, seafood, noodles & such.  All the choices are reasonably priced but they add up quick! Step 3- they bring out the broth to start warming up and add carts next to your table to hold all the small plates.  Then just dump in your food and ladle it out when cooked!  They give you both a slotted and non slotted ladle so you can have soup if you want.  In my pot I had pork dumplings, squid slices, oyster and shiitake mushrooms, scallions, udon noodles and sweet shrimp and it was all delish! Some helpful hints for cooking this way--The veggie portions are so large my friend who's a hotto potto pro suggested having people at the table order different ones and then all share which worked our great- put your chicken and hearty veggies in first, then frozen dumplings, give it a few minutes and then the seafood, meat, noodles and delicate veggies right before you're ready - go crazy with the mixing the sauces on the table and make your own!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,10/12/2014,323,572,6,6,7>I've heard about the Minneola location for years and when I got word that they were opening a Winter Park location, I knew I had to make a visit. Especially after seeing all the social media photos after opening. I found out they are open 7 days a week from 5am - 8pm.  On a whim, we visited on a late Sunday afternoon. It's located in a small plaza on Howell Branch Road among a mish mash of businesses . It's a rather simple and no fuss shop. Don't expect the bells and whistles.  When you walk in , to your right is the wall and cases of heavenly goodness. Along the wall are trays and trays of doughnuts. There were several trays that were sold out but still plenty to choose from. The items in the cases cost a little more and consisted of elaborate pastries, bearclaws, you name it!   We decided to go with a dz of the doughnuts ($7+/dz, $5+/half dz) and started throwing out names and the cashier started filling our box. Before you know it, our box was filled. They also have a little fridge with drinks for purchase like strawberry and chocolate milk.  I didn't think to ask if they sell hot coffee but I'm thinking no since they sell bottled Starbucks iced coffee.  Will double check for next time.   They have a small area to sit and enjoy your goodies but we decided to get ours to go. The girl working was super friendly and made a point to let us know that the owners are looking into getting more equipment in the location so they could offer more items such as breakfast sandwiches.  She also mentioned that they haven't had their official grand opening yet but couldn't tell me when it would be since she didn't know. Now...to the doughnuts.....got home and had a few bites of several. I tried the Heath Bar, strawberry frosted and the maple doughnuts. All pretty tasty and I loved how fluffy the doughnuts were.  These aren't mini doughnuts. They've got "ummph" to them! My favorite was the red velvet by far. Mouthwatering good.    I would get a 1/2 dozen of those alone. I am just glad they are somewhat close to visit but not close enough to visit regularly. Do yourself a favor , visit this local gem and check it off your Orlando foodie bucket list!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/11/2014,631,1145,4,8,6>I cannot believe that being a lifelong resident in Orlando and I'm just NOW trying Taproom at Dubsdread! I met a friend here for an early lunch last week. I'm glad we got there when we did as by the time we left there was not an empty seat in the house. This restaurant is known for its views but in the middle of summer it is just too hot to sit outside, even in the shade! The inside is a little drab and dated looking- but I guess if you want that old golf club feel you'll get it here. Still, a little updating wouldn't hurt.Service was quick and friendly, although there was some confusion between the hostesses as they attempted to seat us. I ended up getting the bacon and apple grilled cheese with a lovely side salad with a citrus vinaigrette. My sandwich was made with thick crusted, hearty bread that was difficult to bite into. The gooey cheese melted over the bacon, apples and almonds. The sandwich had a delicious sweet finish that made the meal. My friend got one of their "famous" burgers at the server's encouragement. My friend commented on how ultra-greasy the burger was and that it "stayed with her" the rest of the day and caused some tummy trouble the next day. I guess if you're in the mood for a grease burger go for it! Just make sure you'll be near a bathroom later, lol. Me, I'll stay away and try some of the other delicious looking offerings. Prices are, as you'd probably expect, higher than your average lunch locale.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/10/2014,556,227,4,8,6>Don't tell my neighbors, The Drunken Monkey, but Credo is my favorite coffee shop in Orlando :) Although they're not the only game in town, they do the gourmet coffee thing the way it should be done, with colombian brews, french presses, and delicious teas to boot. Not to mention they run on donations, so no sweat if you forget your wallet occasionally. I like to drag my laptop and school books up here and camp out all day, and the staff doesn't mind, even if I don't buy anything. The light, open atmosphere is a refreshing change from the library or other darker decorated shops where I feel more inclined to sleep than study. Nope, at Credo it's all sunshine, busy/cool people, and good daytime productivity music. Too bad they close up shop at 6, because I'm often tempted to stay all night if I'm in the groove. The only small baby downside is Credo has no food other than breads and sweets. These are usually delicious and pair very well with their drinks, but if you're starving you might wanna pick something up ahead of time. Luckily I've never had a problem bringing outside food in to enjoy.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/23/2010,59,148,1,5,3>Beautiful display of all the goodies.  Lots of mini cupcakes.  They are $1.50 each or 4 for $5.00 which is what I ended up getting.  I tried the Red Velvet, Blueberry, Marble and my favorite was the Grand Marnier with the Orange Frosting.  Nice orange flavor with specks of either rind or candied orange.  Not sure but it was GOOD!!  They also had the Grand Marnier cupcakes with chocolate frosting.  Definitely trying that one next time. The crumb on the cupcakes was good and the frosting also very delicious.  I've been to "other" cupcake places where the cupcakes have a strange chemical flavor to the cake and frosting but not here.  The cakes tasted homemade and fresh.  I was impressed.  Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely try out more things like the pretty chocolates they had and eclairs and puffs.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,12/22/2010,119,305,2,5,3>If you are hanging out in the Celebration area, this may be a restaurant you would like to try. The seafood is always great, and sitting outside on the patio on a nice day is a great treat. The fried shrimp is my favorite thing here these days. I've tried a bunch of different dishes, but when I had the fried shrimp, I was set. It's crispy, but not the least bit greasy, and cooked to perfection. A-MAZ-ING. The clam chowder is also delicious, and a mug will fill up most people I know! The two things I don't like as much about this place are the prices (but it's Celebration, after all) and the service. I have yet to experience great service at this restaurant. I've had downright rude servers to servers who basically ignored me the entire time. None of them have ever knocked my socks off. The fried shrimp is worth all that, though. :)
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,12/21/2010,308,67,14,8,3>You Want to go to this place.Eat the Jumbo Shrimp, and don't get frustrated by the menu.This is such a cool place that brings me back to all of the "tasty" asian diners I used to frequent in New York. service is great & fun. with a great view of Colonial, so if you bring a date there I say- Sit by the window and hope that you see someone get arrested.What makes this a great date spot is the fact that after your meal you can walk to the Publix right next door and get some ICE CREAM!!!!!! "oh, what's that? No spoon? LETS GO BACK TO MY PLACE!!!!"Tasty Wok gets you L-A-I-D!!!Awesome place for Orlando.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,12/20/2010,20,305,1,5,2>I am not typically a fan of Thai food, but Red Bamboo may change my mind.I had the pork phad grand tham on a business lunch recently, which I ordered "Thai hot."  Hooah.  That was good.The meal was tender, flavorful, and very savory.  I look forward to giving Red Bamboo another try.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,12/19/2010,171,134,4,8,4>This is such a great place to buy a pretty, unique dress for nearly any occasion. The dressing rooms are really neat - two  tall, draped-to-the-floor curtains for mega privacy, and a chandelier in each room for bonus sparkly lighting. Fancy!I picked out a pretty, swingy little black number with ruffled sleeves (I love dresses with sleeves that don't look matronly - well done there) that fit like a glove - hard thing to do on someone with an odd shape like me. The girl working the register that day was very helpful in finding me the right style and made some suggestions to try some things I would have never attempted to wear. Who knew bubble skirts could be so darn cute? An extra plus - when I was walking out, I noticed the owner (who also runs the accessories/bead shop next door) was wearing the same dress I had just bought. Great minds dress alike? ;)Lastly. they also have a really neat, interesting assortment of jewelry, sunglasses, and other accessories.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,12/18/2010,9,49,2,3,3>Dear Sea Thai,Thank you for opening this wonderful Thai spot in Orlando! I love you for so many reasons: 1) your food is extra yummy 2) you are waaay better than Thai House 3) your thai tea is the best i ever had 4) that one beef dish with the flat noodles and thai gravy...ahhh just thinking about it! 5) your servers are the best in town very friendly and efficient 6) the interior is soo cozy & dark too yet i can still C my food perfectly 7) can you beat 8.95 for these huge entrees?....OVERALL, you are now one of my fave dinner spots in orlando...i heart you sea thai.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,12/17/2010,130,122,3,6,3>Yes!A chill and smartly-appointed place in the Dr. Phillips area that is NOT trying too hard.Yummy sandwiches, great wine, and even better service. Places like this are hard to come by, and the atmosphere is spot on.I just spent a 2+ hour lunch here and didn't want to leave. The Grilled Cheese sandwich has Gruyere (my favorite) cheese and applewood smoked bacon. It was cooked perfectly. And for $8.50, it comes with a great little salad. Totally filling.Come here... today... right now! You will love it.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2009,12/16/2010,1136,916,2,6,2>I came to this place for the first time and wonder what this place was like as i seen it before when i come to Mount Dora. The menu was limited but the kind of food they offer did not seem to meet the name of the place witch is supposedly Icelandic. I ordered the "Good French Man" sandwich witch is pretty much roast beef with cheese and onions and it came with a side of fries and it was tasty but nothing out of this world and it was also quit expensive -$10 bucks and i also ordered a rum and coke witch was 2 for 1 that was a pretty good deal as happy hour was going on at the time. The food was not to bad but the service was pretty good even though they were not busy at all the waitress still had a few other people to attend to but still took the time to talk to us and be friendly. They are open pretty late, the upstairs area is open till 2am and the down stairs till 11pm, the menu is pretty expensive but if you are in town and want to try something in Mount Dora that looks appealing you give this place a shot, personally i did not think this place was anything special but would give it anything else in the menu a second try. The place seemed kind of empty for dinner time were there should be a rush,maybe it's there location or there prices but this place does not seem to be  popular to locales or maybe it seemed like that to me. It is located in a great are a of Mount Dora with many other restaurants and shops around and you can park a couple of blocks down and just walk the town it self feels like your not in actual Florida.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/15/2010,90,295,2,6,4>I LOVE THEIR ROASTED DUCK, YOU HAVE TO TRY THEIR ROASTED DUCK, it's better than any other place's in my opinion, very tasty and crispy, not under/overcooked, it's just perfect. I think they only sell it on Sunday though, so go there on Sunday and try their bakery stuff + DUCK. Oh also, their BANANA CAKE IS REALLY GOOD!!!! TRY BANANA CAKE!! They're all homemade by the owner. And I think you can only get it on Sunday as well..Friendly staff and one of the places I like to shop for Vietnamese/Asian food.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,12/14/2010,115,93,1,4,6>I arrived to Spooky's shortly before 6pm--opening time.  Since the cafe was closed, I decided to pull out a book and wait outside the quaint little place.  A sense of joy overcame me and I was excited about the impending experience.  Perhaps it was the aroma of the potted herbs sitting outside wafting through the air. My expectations were met.  Once the doors opened and I walked inside, I was immediately smitten with the eclectic decor that is iconic of most places in the newly coined "Milk District." The interior is artsy, dark and welcoming.  I went before the actual grand opening so the full menu wasn't quite ready yet.  I had a flatbread with truffle oil, cheese, basil and sun dried tomato.  It was delectable.  Their beer and wine menu is pretty impressive and the wait staff was totally charming.I look forward to heading back there soon!!!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,6/30/2012,210,167,4,6,5>Wow. This place is great. I have no idea why the reviews aren't better. I have not had a better dining experience in Orlando in a long time. I went to Armando's last night for a birthday party. I had never been before. From the moment I walked up I knew this place would be great. There is plenty of outdoor seating and they even block off the street for extra seating. The ambiance is fantastic and the open kitchen is even better. The servers are attentive, but can be a little slow at times (not a problem though.) I ordered the Chilean Sauvignon Blanc to start and it was fruity and refreshing. For an appetizer I ordered the Calamari, it was fresh and severed with a delcious marinara sauce (I am difficult to please when it comes to my marinara sauce!) The Cesar Salad is authentic and even comes with anchovies. Customers are also served fresh warm bread and oil with their meals. For dinner I ordered a pizza and was in food heaven. The pizza was crispy and served with fresh arugula, fontina cheese, and prosciutto. I got a chance to try my friend's dinners and was equally in love with what they had ordered. It does not get any better than this, especially in Orlando. I will definitely be back soon.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/29/2012,163,386,4,7,6>I've wanted to try this restaurant ever since I first heard about their fresh from the farm concept.  I appreciate restaurants that value local farmers and create a connection between farm to table dining.We had stopped by The Rusty Spoon a couple of times.  Our first visit in the fall I was wowed when we walked in.  The space is lovely with a simplistic feel about it.  The pictures on the walls are beautiful and make the restaurant.  The natural clean look adds to the ambiance.That night we wanted to sit at the bar and get some drinks and light eats. We had friendly conversations with the bartender.  We got a couple of craft beers and ordered some appetizers; The Stuffed Eggs and the Butchers Plate.  We enjoyed them both, though the Butcher's Plate was a bit pricy at $16 for what you got.  I'm a sucker for sweets and when I saw a S'more dish on the dessert I menu I was excited.  While the dish was good it came out a bit too cold, as if it had been frozen and not left to thaw completely. Though we enjoyed our dining experience, I left a tad disappointed.  The atmosphere and service were wonderful, but the value in the Butcher's Plate and the chilled dessert kind of took the wind out of my sails.I knew I wasn't going to give up on The Rusty Spoon.  A group of us had been talking about getting together for drinks and appetizers, I thought going back and giving the Rusty Spoon would be a great opportunity to give it another go. I'm so glad we did. Our group of six took advantage of their Thirsty Thursday menu where for $15 you can get unlimited craft beer, decent wines and select well drinks. Not only do you get free flowing drinks from 5:00pm-7:00pm, your $15 also includes a tasting menu.  The tasty menu changes weekly due to the fresh ingredients available, but you will get a Snack, Savory and a Sweet. Our table agreed the menu was delicious. I could have licked the dish my "Blondie" came in; a dessert delight.  The tasting menu is a decent size, but our group found that we were enjoying the beers a bit and needed a little extra eats.  My husband and I ordered the Stuffed Eggs, and just as before we found them to be delicious.  I also ordered a Garden Salad with homemade vinaigrette.  The salad was fresh and light, just what I'd hoped for.We enjoyed ourselves so much we decided to make Thirsty Thursdays a monthly event.  The fresh food coming from various Central Florida farms makes a big difference in the taste. While I enjoy the delicious food, I value that connection the Rusty Spoon brings between the local famers and its customers.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,6/28/2012,469,289,13,14,12>Oblivion - what does it mean?Smashed to pieces? - That might work, the beer list is extensively delicious and after a few dogfish head 90 minute IPA's you may feel smashed to oblivion. Oblivion - the fact or condition of having forgotten. Well drink enough of the fine craft brews and you may very well forget that night. but what you won't forget is how awesome this place really is and the fact that it's not just a beer bar, they serve food... and really good food at that.For an App we ordered the fried pickles. Best fried pickle I've had in Orlando. The beer batter is delicious yet light and the pickles are tasty and served with a tangy slightly spicy sauce.I ordered the Cheeeeeeese burger the way it comes, medium rare. Cooked perfectly to order. Something that seems to be lost on burger joints in this town. I was in heaven. I loved that Brioche bun supported all the gooeyness of the cheeeeeeeese burger. I have to lament on the perfectly cooked medium rare burger. You've got the outer meat of the burger that is cooked and has a nice char grill flavor then you bite into it and the middle is so juicy with beefy richness. Chef Goody is my Hamburger Hero! I can't say one bad thing about the burgers at Oblivion. The bun holds together all the ingredients sing together in badass rock star harmony. 2nd visit I had the Pretzel Burger. I mean how can a girl who's heritage is "Mostly German", Drives a German Car, and Owns a German Dog, not want to try a Pretzel burger with Caraway Beer Mustard. Yes I said Caraway Beer Mustard! The Pretzel bun isn't wimpy or over salted it fits in with a job well done. I loved this burger and this showed me that not only can Oblivion make an awesome gooey cheese burger but they can and do more original concepts. The pretzel burger comes with a side of cheese, but in my opinion it doesn't need it. This does not mean I think they shouldn't serve the cheese with the burger. I dunked my fries in it and if you have some of the bun left you can dip it in the cheese and it's tasty. I just used very little on the burger because the caraway beer mustard is just so flavorful and delicious it can stand on it's own. The cheese is just a bonus.As if this isn't enough you get a myriad of seasoning options for your fries, tots and potato wedges. Totally cool right? Really the cool thing is that the fries are cooked correctly. You might be thinking, aren't french fries easy to cook, how can you mess them up? Well it seems there are many places in town that serve "hand cut fries" that are so sad that they slump over in pain. You won't find any weepy wimpy fries here. They know how to do it here, nice outer crust soft texture inside. Toss in the seasoning of your choosing and voila! Awesome fries.  Service on first visit was great, second visit not so much and on the second visit she asked us do you want the apps to come with or before. We said before and guess what, yeah they came with. Less attentive overall on the second visit and it wasn't as busy as our first visit. I like the bar atmosphere with the pool tables in the back. be sure to scribble in the bathroom with the chalk board walls and stalls. Very fun. Oblivion may be a newcomer to the Orlando restaurant scene but they should be taken seriously because the food is so good. Perhaps the best burger in Orlando? Perhaps the best beer and food place in Orlando? (Cue the Reading Rainbow Music)But you don't have to take my word for it, go there and eat and see for yourself.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,6/27/2012,45,69,4,5,6>Love, love, love this place! Beautiful location, decent street parking if the lot is full, gorgeous interior, a huge selection of fabulous brands, and a wonderful team ready to help you find just the right frames for your face. A friend told me about Eola Eyes when I was new in town and exasperated by my fruitless, never-ending search for great specs. Every place I stepped in to, it seemed, had the same boring style that went out back in 2007. Seriously -- it's like they mass produced that one frame style and that's all everyone would wear.  Well, not me! Walking in the door at Eola Eyes was a breath of fresh air. Relief! Variety! BIG variety! I spent more time than I expected playing around with different shapes, colors and designers - and the staff was pleased to let me at it. I think they had just as much fun as I did. ;)After more than one visit (and some photos shared on Facebook to get the votes of my friends), I found an awesome pair of L.A. Eyeworks frames ("Sumac") that spoke to me. It must have been fate for this SoCal native (and recent transplant). :) When I was struggling between that style and one more square, Jay firmly nixed the others as way too square for my face shape/jaw line...and he was right. The man has an opinion and I trust it 100% -- as should you! This guy knows his stuff! (And keeps up on the latest - as proven by our great conversation about the amazing Tom Ford 2011 collection).  Jay even encouraged me to try the gunmetal color. Who knew that, with my warmer (but pale) coloring, that I could pull off that color. But I could, and I did. Thanks, Jay! You really are some kind of genius. As the famous L.A. Eyeworks slogan goes, "A face is like a work of art. It deserves a great frame."Thank you, Eola Eyes, for helping me find mine!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/26/2012,151,345,3,6,4>This place just open not too long ago right on I-Drive. WhirlyDome has a little bowling section, a car simulation, a laser frenzy, arcade games and restaurant. The one that steal the show though is their whirly ball with two arenas, one on each floor. Whirly ball is a dangerous and competitive game. You are in a bumper car like vehicle, with you steering on one had, and holding a scooper (lacrosse like stick) in the other. The car is a little difficult to steer, until you get the hang of it. That's where I got a lot of my battlewounds from, so definitely wear jeans!! The goal of whirly ball is to capture the ball and hit the scoreboard of your team color. Its a fun game. Some parts that were difficult is grabbing the ball in front or in back of your car, and sometimes the ball can go under. You probably need to master your car before you become an expert at this game.The restaurant has a full bar. The menu seems limited to me. I tried their cuban sandwich with yuca fries. Wasn't a fan of the yucca fries, but the cuban was not bad and it was pretty huge. The only issue was that we were a party of 20 and half of one side got there food first and was almost done before the other half even started. Also the bowling alley seemed to be broken, or no one who worked there knew how to fix it. =\ Still need to fix some kinks!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,6/25/2012,55,79,3,5,5>You know it's bad when you roll up to a drive thru window and the cashier says "Oh, I remember you, I waited on you the other day."  Is it that noticeable that I am obsessed?This location opened just a few weeks ago, and I have already been there 3 or 4 times. I have dreams of their Gelati! My favorite flavor is the Strawberry Ice with vanilla ice cream.  I've also had the citrus twist, cake batter, mango, and cherry, and all were excellent.  My husband normally orders the PNutty Ice with the Chocolate Ice cream, which is also delicious!  They allow you to mix and match your flavors, so you can sample multiple flavors at a time.  This stuff is icy without being crunchy, and creamy without putting too much lbs on the hips.  In fact, it's less calories than the normal ice cream because it's half ice! The place is PACKED every night.  You gotta go check it out.  I can say it's seriously the best ice cream I've ever had in my life.  Now I just need to get their frequent buyers card...
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,6/24/2012,2620,128,7,7,9>Need a hotdog with a pretzel bun topped with melted cheese and bacon and pulled pork...with perfect kinish on the side....need it at nine in the morning...need it late at night...want to enjoy tube form goodness that would make Anthony Bourdain smile...never fear...Jazzy Dog is here...you will be dining with locals and foodies and amtrack customers...and you will leave with a smile already planning what concoction of toppings you will try next time.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,6/23/2012,498,694,,5,3>Why do they get my coveted 5 stars?I have to say I have driven by Put A Cork In It several times, and thought it was just a wine bar....well it's not!  After purchasing a restaurant.com gift certificate, we decided to try them out on a Saturday evening.Well, our luck..they had a comedy show that goes from 8-9:30. This is a pretty neat improv show that reminds me of the comedy warehouse from the old pleasure island.Now onto the location itself. The ambiance is pretty nice with a laid back atmosphere. The owners were very friendly and greeted us upon arriving. We were then told on how we could order our drinks. You could either go by the glass (on the menu), pay per pour (machine with a card), or buy the bottle from the retail store (best value and huge selection). This is good, but also dangerous, as you will drink more than one bottle due to the incredibly low price. Also note, they will chill any bottle for you. As far as food is considered, you can't go wrong with what you pick. I have to say the bruschetta is pretty awesome and an impressive tower of bread. I would also recommend the mussels and calamari. I actually dipped the calamari in the mussel sauce..phenomenal!I am looking to go back on a "regular" night to try more wine and delicious food.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,6/22/2012,75,400,1,5,5>Wow what a great place.  We went to try the Magical Dining Menu,but the regular menu was so great we ordered from It.   They have great wine choices and a few really great beer choices. The Apps:  We had the lobster beignets and the Goat Empanadas.  I think I could have made a meal just ordering the Apps, they had several more I wanted like the fried green tomato stack.  My parents had the corn bisk with a lobster beignets and we had the K Stack with the house made goat cheese.  Oh yeah I said house made goat cheese this made the salad.Entree's: I had the duck breast with butternut risotto and red cabbage,my wife had the gnocchi , with ox tail in a 6 hour sauce,my parents both had the filet's from the magical dining menu with truffle mashed potatoes,  and my mother in law had the eggplant.  I have never had duck cooked so perfect.  The rest of the entrees were also amazing,  I tasted all the dishes and all of them were perfect.  Since my parents had the magical dining plan we got a couple of desserts.  The Bread pudding and the brownie were both excellent!This is a great place, I can't wait to go back  next time I hope to try the wine flight out back as the weather cools off.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,6/21/2012,192,58,2,5,5>I love this place. I come here to work on my computer, there's tons of light and awesome coffee brewers like Sonny. They almost never get my iced chai tea right but if I get it hot it's super tasty. There's plenty of space in here & plenty of electrical outlets. They get baked goods from a homemade baker and they are ALWAYS good.They even let me do a photo shoot in here one day. It came out great. I love Credo.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/2/2013,82,327,4,4,4>My family has real trouble passing up a mom & pop style ice cream shop. It's the "good old-fashioned" feel, I suppose. The bright colors and walk-up window got our attention as we were walking by and we had to go in for some ice cream.My daughters had the Birthday Cake and Cookie Monster flavors. Each got a small cup, which was a good sized serving. I tried to use the coupon for 10% off from the Yelp app, but the cashier wasn't familiar with how to ring it up, and there was a line (and really, it was just change off the total), so we didn't use it. This is a cute place, I'm sure we will go back when we're in the area again.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,12/1/2013,71,131,4,6,5>Phenomenal!  I have waited too long to check this place out.  Do not make my mistake and wait.  Go now!  Well, they might be closed when you read this review but make a plan to go asap!  The atmosphere is so cozy and fun!  Service was top notch!  The servers were so sweet!  I do recommend you make a reservation because it seemed like most of the tables were reserved for dinner when I stopped by.  I really wish I had the money and space in my belly to eat everything on the menu.  The items that I tried were all excellent.  I do not think you can go wrong with anything you order here.  I can't wait to go back!  I am going to try to stop by for lunch because the ramen is only offered during lunch hours.  This place offers authentic Japanese cuisine and is just outstanding.  I wish I could give it more stars!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/25/2013,108,251,,4,3>I love to run. A couple of years ago, I was sidelined with back pain that recurred every time I ran more than a couple of miles. "Your shoes are probably worn out, get new shoes," I was told. Even with shiny new shoes from the mall store, there was no improvement. Just as I was about to give up and resign myself to getting my endorphins from the elliptical I decided to give Track Shack a try, where they assessed my gait, had me do a "lap" or two inside the store to best determine which shoe stopped my right leg from rotating out and ultimately got me into pain-free shoes and back on my long runs. Since then, I haven't trusted any shoe they haven't vetted for me. They also organize a number of local races and definitely deserve their place as a fixture in the Orlando running community!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,11/24/2013,181,355,,3,2>On a recent jaunt to Mt Dora, we stopped in this little place just to see what it was... It's a small brewery with a cozy little barn-like taproom. I loved the feel of the place. No ceiling... just a bevy of wooden beams, a skylight, antique fixtures here and there. They make several beers, from dark to light. We tired the beer flight which contained 8 selections (blonde, red, porters, and combinations thereof) for a reasonable price. Some were better than others, but overall it was a good tasting experience. Everyone we encountered was very friendly, and the house band was very fitting. A folky cover band, complete with a fiddle/violin and some older fellas playing to the crowd. My lovely friend and I slow danced to an earnest version of "Knockin' on Heaven's Door"!Cool place to check out if you're in the area.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/23/2013,323,572,,8,7>I had the pleasure of attending the special  event, Taste and Toast, to celebrate the grand opening of this wonderful addition to the local community.  We were lucky enough to be treated to unlimited appetizers and alcohol from all of the food vendors for an hour while exploring the market.  Afterwards, we were treated to a beautiful, sit down dinner outside which made the night even more perfect!There seem to be about 10 vendors in this market with more room upstairs to house even more. Honestly, I was blown away by how beautiful the market was and how each vendor made their space their very own. If anyone has ever been to Borough Farmers Market in London, this reminded me of it ...but on a much smaller scale of course. Some favorites that caught my eye and stomach are Houndstooth Sauce Company with that amazing tomato bisque . I WILL be back to grab a quart for dinner. Their food menu looked yummy. If you're a seafoodie, check out La Brexta, Seafood & Spanish provisions. Fatto In Casa has some wonderful  Italian cakes, cookies ad pastries. Skyebird has great vegetarian and vegan options . Their smoothies and fresh juices were a hit with the crowd. I loved watching the coffee brew at Lineage Roasting. Nothing like it. It looked like coffee chemists working with coffee in little beakers.  Olde Hearth Bread Co also has a wall of breads that greets you when you walk into the market. So many choices and a great place to grab a loaf or two on the way home!   There is also a bar at the front of the market as well as some produce and frozen meats sold by Lake Meadow Naturals to name a few. There is a vendor selling plants and other greenery to spruce up a home and at the end of the market on the left is a vendor selling repurposed furniture and pieces for the home . He has worked out a deal with the folks at Lineage where people can hang out in his space after ordering from Lineage. Make sure to explore the grounds of the location. There are several gardens outside which adds to the uniqueness and purpose of this location.I can't wait to stop by again and pick up some food items but probably after the grand opening hype dies down. This is a great way to support the local community and buy local all in one place.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,11/22/2013,62,18,6,18,8>My thoughts on the restaurant as well as a couple of pointers to those of you who've not yet ventured into Ethiopian cuisine yet are keen to give it a go:    Only invite people that you really really like and feel are really really hygienic to enjoy Ethiopian with you. I say this because there are no utensils and the food is all sat in the center of the table to be shared family style. So, make sure all your mates wash their hands before they dig in.    Order the honey wine. Do not think twice about this, just do it. It is absolutely delicious and you're taught to drink it in a traditional Ethiopian manner. Tricky at first, but you catch on in no time. I love learning the ins and outs and actually feeling like I'm there while enjoying international cuisines.Nile itself is located in a strip mall off of International Drive- a highly unlikely location for this restaurant, but don't let that deter you. Once inside we were ushered to our own little private room within the space. It was separated from the main room by a half wall so we were still able to see out, etc but had the feeling of privacy. Definitely ask for one of these little rooms rather than sitting in the main dining area. The table in the private room isn't a traditional table -- it's a colorful piece made of straw and you sit on tiny stools. I loved the feeling of authenticity.Our server was extremely helpful and was quick to give us recommendations- can't thank him enough for telling me to try the honey wine! He also recommended a beer for the bf, which he enjoyed but said the honey wine stole the show. The food was delicious, we ordered an extremely meat dense meal- two of the Nile Meat Combinations and another meat that the server said was his favorite. You're given injera, a spongy pancake like sourdough bread, which is how you eat the food- you rip a piece of the bread off and use it to collect the bite you want. To me the bread was a bit sour, but my boyfriend loved it. (Disclaimer: I'm a total carnivore so I could care less about bread at this or any other meal.) About halfway into the meal I decided to forgo the bread all together and ate only the meat straight from my hands- luckily my bf loves me and trusts my hygiene!Overall I'd give Nile an A, the food was delicious, server was very helpful. The location was less than desirable, but this place is a gem. I won't hold it against them that they chose a location hoping to get some tourist traffic. If you've not tried Ethiopian I'd certainly recommend giving it a go! All my experiences here so far have been great!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,11/21/2013,23,286,4,8,4>While cutting through the neighborhood, I notice The Smiling Bison.  "What the hell is that?" I asked my husband.  I didn't recall seeing it before.  Was it new?  What was it?  Strip club?  bar?  restaurant?  When I got home I looked to the almighty yelp for the answer.  Ah, a restaurant.  The following week hubby and I went to Redlight Redlight to buy tickets for Zwanze Day, and to drink, of course.  We left around 9 P.M. and noticed that the sushi restaurant next door (sorta) closed at 9:30.  We wanted to sit and relax, so we tried to think of some other options.  Pizza? nope; Burgers? nope; Winter Park? nope; "what about Smiling Bison?  sure.  Long meal short, we had the pretzel and poutine appetizer, the grilled cheese, and an awesome pasta meal, two beers (awesome brew from Cask and Larder), and the banana and peanut butter bread pudding (to go- because we were STUFFED), all for around $55.  The food is delicious.  I thought the price for the poutine was a bit high when I saw the plate of the small amount, however the flavor of the gravy with the mushrooms made the appetizer well worth the price.  Also regarding the poutine, we ordered it with sweet potato fries instead of the wedges (I'm not a fan of wedges), and the sweet potato fries are yummy.Service was friendly and on top of everything (at times, a little too much on top of everything; our server checked in with us every 3-5 minutes- Dude, chill, we're having a good meal and you're doing a fine job.).The Smiling Bison is another star in the lovely gastronomy constellation of the area (the other stars are Oblivion Taproom and Redlight Redlight).
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/20/2013,44,35,9,19,13>You know that awesome feeling you get when you find money in your pocket.  That's how I felt when I saw that ridiculous good looking word called RAMEN in front of this small restaurant.  So my trip to this side of town changed from hunting down some Chinese bread to finding myself eagerly waiting to chow down some noodles.Now I was a bit skeptical at first, since I've had my share of  ludicrous ramen that I would have rather just boil some water myself and slap some noodles, greens, salt and call it a day.  NOPE!!, not this place.  Within minutes of walking in, I was already on my iPhone yelping about this place waiting for my Tonkotsu Ramen to come out.  Not even 10 minutes after, their lovely staff brought my order out.  And there it was.  The way this creamy white soup with delicious toppings was looking back at me was nothing more than a plot to overwhelm my senses and put me in a state of euphoric coma.It's just simply amazing at the caliber of food we're getting in Orlando.  I mean, this had to be the best  Tonkotsu Ramen I've had since my last visit to the Big Apple.  With one exception, this was way cheaper and just as good.. and hey it's right on my backyard.  Oh and don't even bother tipping, because they keep Japanese restaurant ethics so tipping is forbidden.  I love you Orlando.  :)
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,11/19/2013,197,592,3,9,4>At the time of this review, the only other reviews are suspicious to say the least. If they were in fact written by someone with ties to the restaurant, it might be wise to remove them because it doesn't reflect well on the business. It's an oft-repeated rookie mistake, but remember that the Yelp community can smell a fake review like Chuck Norris smells fear.Moving along.We were impressed by Kabooki when we walked in, it was clean and nicely decorated. The menu included a number of unique cocktails (although we didn't try any on this visit) and some interesting sushi selections that we hadn't seen elsewhere.  The sashimi/nigiri list offered a large selection as well.Sadly they were out of uni when we arrived, which is certainly forgivable if (based on what we were told) they only offer completely fresh ingredients, nothing ever frozen. Instead we decided to try the hamachi sashimi (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/kabo… ) which was very good. The taste was clean and without a hint of that oily aftertaste that can sometimes be detected in "lesser" hamachi.  We also ordered the "Poki Tangy Tuna" appetizer (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/kabo… ) which was the highlight of our meal with its light but delicious combination of flavors.We ordered three rolls: the Hawaii XO, the Special Rainbow, and the Zen (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/kabo… ).  All three were very good but the Hawaii XO was the favorite for both of us.  We were not disappointed by the flavor, ingredients, or preparation of any of them. However, we both felt them to be lacking in size for the price, and the cuts of fish a little thin. Let's not be stingy with the protein! I'm hoping that this will be one of those things that works itself out as the restaurant finds its groove.Our waitress was an absolute delight -- fun to talk to, knowledgeable, and ready with recommendations for drinks and food. She did a fantastic job and played no small part in our overall positive impression of the restaurant.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/18/2013,59,210,1,7,2>At the risk of sounding like every new thing I do is the best thing ever, this is the best bar experience I have had in my year and a half of frequenting bars. Awesome, right?A couple friends and I were in the mood for a speakeasy, and this fit the bill perfectly. The location isn't difficult to find, the password was convenient to get (text, call or Facebook them), and the night just ended up being perfect.The ambiance was great, the drinks were stellar, the bartenders fabulous, and the night gorgeous. The only problem was this loud chick that would not shut up on the patio, but that's not Hanson's fault. We went on a Sunday night and there were next to no people there for almost the entire time, which was awesome. I don't know how they could fit 35 (their stated max) people there, but I guess it can be done. There's an indoor area and an outdoor patio that shows off some of the skyline. Seating is at the bar, at small high tops inside, or on some couches and chairs outside.The drinks were fantastic. I had a Sazerac (good, a bit smoother since they add cognac) and a Blood and Sand. The latter was divine and is definitely a repeat for me. My friends had the Black Pearl, ABC Cocktail, and NOPA.The bartenders that night were Marvin and Fred and they were both friendly and attentive. The playlist that night was fantastic, and Marvin shared it with us on Dropbox. Thank you Marvin!!!The drinks are all around $12, which is pricier, but it's worth it. I cannot wait to return, solid 5 stars.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,6/27/2010,50,156,,4,3>This is the best place for films, in Orlando, hands down! I thought the new theater downtown would be a formidable rival, but it doesn't hold a candle to the Enzian. Comfortable seating, great food and and an interesting film selection - what more do you need? I love the Popcorn Flicks offered at Central Park, have gone several times, as well as the Cult Classics. I saw Planet of the Apes here and it helped recall my childhood obsession with this series. Although, as a child, I never noticed Charlton Heston's VPL, but it exists!  The Enzian also sponsors a variety of events held outside the theater- in fact I spent this past NYE's at their Bond Party. And let's not forget the fabulous Eden Bar, but that is probably another review...
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,6/26/2010,30,187,,3,3>Positano's is great!  They have fantastic pizza and pastas.  The bread is amazing.  Live music on Friday nights, fun place to eat.  My service is not always the best here, hence the 4 starts.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,6/25/2010,210,167,3,9,10>The smell of fresh paint hung in the air and friendly faces turned and welcomed me and my partner as we entered The Milk Bar. Immediately I knew I would like this place. The Milk Bar kind of resembles a post modern French Cafe with huge comfy chairs and little tables everywhere. On each table there was a deck of cards and a magazine. A Play Station 3 and a plethora of fun games lined the wall. After admiring some fun art, I ordered a draft Belgium beer which was delicious. I recommended to the bartender to invest in "Apples to Apples" and he wrote down my suggestion. I will definitely be back!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,6/24/2010,320,258,,4,4>Don't let the outside of this restaurant steer you away from this Orlando gem. This atmosphere in Pom Pom's is awesome. It's colorful, unique, and most importantly - inviting. The staff is always nice & service is typically pretty quick.I've had both the 4-cheese sandwich & the veggie sandwich. I have to say the veggie is my favorite. It has cucumbers, tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, onions, avocado spread, cheese, & thousand islands dressing. So good. I want to try other things but I can't help but to get this veggie sandwich every time. They also sell delicious cupcakes from the wonderful Blue Bird Cupcake Shop - I've had the Chai & Red Velvet - always a nice little dessert. :) Check out Pom Pom's - it's a great little eatery in Orlando!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,6/23/2010,119,305,2,7,3>I was so happy with my experience at Mangia that I wanted to share it with all my fellow Yelpers. As soon as I walked into the restaurant, I was excited by the small but modern dining room with large, comfortable-looking booths. I love family-owned restaurants and providing local places with business. I'm always immediately comforted by the knowledge that I am not in a chain restaurant. The host was very friendly and seated us (my boyfriend and me) immediately in a booth. From the beginning, we received excellent service. We were served fresh bread and herb butter, and we ordered calamari as well. Both were excellent. The calamari was perfect: not too breaded or greasy, served with a creamy orange-colored sauce (slightly spicy) and marinara sauce. While we waited for our main courses, our server and the host were both extremely attentive and came over frequently to refill our water, ask if we wanted more bread, etc. We felt really taken care of and we really appreciated the great service. I ordered the chicken parmesan after asking the server if I should go with that or the spaghetti and meatballs. I was glad that I followed her recommendation! The chicken was lightly breaded and they provided a large portion! The dish also includes a side of spaghetti marinara (although I seem to remember that you can choose which kind of pasta you want...) and some fresh vegetables. It was all absolutely delicious! My boyfriend had the baked ziti with some meatballs. A note about this: the menu gives you the option to order this dish with meatballs. He assumed the meatballs would be in it, and they are actually on the side. However, they are fantastic! So juicy and delicious. Not a bit dry or crumbly. We both enjoyed our meals, and the price! The prices were really great and totally worth it. Next time you're in the area and feeling like Italian food, pick this restaurant over Olive Garden. You'll be happy you did.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,6/22/2010,171,134,,7,5>Ahh, Ceviche, the prettiest place in town. I should've taken pictures, it really is beautifully decorated. +10 for atmosphere alone.So I popped in for a Yelp meetup last night, and was blown away by the attentiveness of the staff. I had inquired as to where I might find a nearby smoke shop when our waiter disappeared and reappeared 3 minutes later with a cigarette and a book of matches! He totally went out of his way to do that. Pretty cool. The food was really good - and I finally got to try the famed patatas bravas - YUM!!! More, please.I ordered the Ceviche a la Rusa - oysters with caviar, pepper, and a shot of vodka. Good, but the oysters were a bit overwhelmed by the mound of goodies on top of them. Also tried the goat cheese - very nice - and the scallop ceviche was generously portioned in a martini glass, although one diner said he thought they might be a little "off" after they had sat there for about 20 minutes or so while we mingled... not sure what to say about that. The only real disappointment for me, that I can think of was the little pieces of bread that came with the goat cheese app were on the stale/chewy/sorta crunchy side. Not so great. Otherwise, I think a return trip is in order, perhaps a Sunday brunch...
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,6/21/2010,243,268,3,8,6>Tammy B. is absolutely right. The roast pork sandwich is super-terrific. Cheesy and full of roasted pork with onions. I crave this sandwich even after I've just finished eating it. The maduros are perfect. The beef stew is delicious.The parking lot is tiny and usually full.Loves it!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,6/20/2010,33,41,3,4,2>Still 5 stars cause I still love these burgers, but I just wanted to throw in an update since I think this place has improved quite a bit. The service has been much steadier, I think they beefed up their staff a bit, and the food is still good.Good bar, TVs around, and it's getting pretty packed on the weekends now. I haven't had a burger here I didn't like, although my favorite might be the Chicago stuffed with mushrooms and blue cheese. Also don't miss the massive nachos that come out on a PIZZA PAN!What else can I say about this place? THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE! An American burger bar. Geez, guess I've been eating too many of those Chi-town burgers. (Please, somebody get that joke...)
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,6/19/2010,39,80,3,2,2>Classy place! Awesome Irish atmosphere. St patties day is so much fun Here just don't expect a drink whenever you want one. I usually drink some where else before I arrive. But on normal days it's just fine.  They have piano players and singers and it's a jolly time. Very upscale and an upper 20s - 40s crowd
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,6/18/2010,117,269,1,4,5>Love, love, love this place!  I stumbled into this little pastry shop with a friend.  We couldn't resist the place after peering through the shop window.  It looks like a little Parisan cafe.  The nice gentleman who helped us (I believe he and his wife- who was also in the shop- own the place) was very friendly and helpful.  He even gave us an additional little pastry treat free (which was so kind of him)!  The treats we sampled were absolutely delicious!  I couldn't have been more satisfied.  A+ for location (located in Winter Park).  A+ for atmosphere/ decor.  A+ for price (our complete order cost $3).  A+ for customer service.  A+ for quality of the product.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,11/12/2010,33,41,2,4,2>A great sandwich/salad place from the same chef and owners as the Ravenous Pig; I'm surprised how little buzz Greens and Grille receives locally.I'm partial to their sandwiches, personally. The Greek and The Pig are my favorites and I doubt you'd need to stray much from there on your first try. The Greek features a wrap with hummus, cucumber, feta, and chicken along with tomatoes and olive dressing. If you're a messy eater like me, you should have enough hummus drip out to have something to dip your pita chips into.The Pig, which should be in the running for best sandwich in Orlando, is made up of a nicely sized grilled pork loin on french bread with caramelized onions, tomatoes, and bacon. It's delightfully sweet and succulent and if your mouth doesn't water at the thought of it then you may need your pork gland checked, because it's probably not functioning correctly.Greens and Grille has great, fresh ingredients and some expertly crafted sandwiches that will captivate your taste buds. They've also got 2 for 1 beer and wine with Orlando Brewing beers on tap. That makes them good for a lunch stop anytime I'm around.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,11/10/2010,18,37,5,5,4>My feet have been begging me for a pedicure for awhile now, and I obliged them today after reading the favorable reviews about Baldwin Nails. I figured it would take me awhile to get in because it's a rainy Saturday afternoon, but I was in the chair within 5 minutes.I went for the Hawaiian Pedicure and paid $5 extra for a basic manicure and am more than satisfied with my choice. My feet and calves were cleaned, exfoliated and massaged to a baby-soft consistency, and the paraffin foot treatment is glorious. The manicure is just a quick soak, file and polish application while you're in the pedi chair, but it was definitely serviceable. Another plus is that they're pretty stocked with recent magazines. I'm really glad that I wasn't forced to peruse the February 2008 issue of Modern Bride while my toes dried. There are quite a few nail places in Winter Park that are closer to me, but I'll definitely be returning here.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,11/9/2010,631,1145,5,7,5>Orlando has a new arena and "I was there"! We arrived with half of Orlando to the Amway Center's community open house on Saturday, October 2, 2010. We parked in the Geico garage ($20 event parking) and used the pedestrian bridge to get to the arena. The arena staff was bright and enthusiastic on this grand opening day. We were greeted with lots of big smiles and, "Welcome to the Amway Center". The staff was not only welcoming but knowledgeable too. The employees were able to answer questions and provide facts about the new Amway Center.We walked the two main levels (Level 3 and 5), scored a private tour of Level 4 (suites and private lounges/restaurants) and went down to the floor and to the Magic's locker room and high end Mercedes-Benz Star Lounge. We collected handfuls of brochures, cards and giveaways. My son absolutely LOVED Stuff's Castle, a play area for kids. What a great addition to the arena, it sure was tough convincing him to leave! We tried seats at the top of the arena all the way to front row. The seats are much more comfortable than the old arena and the view isn't bad, even the nose bleeds are better at the new arena than at the old. And finally they have cup holders! The mass of LED lights are dazzling. The gorgeous Jumbotron gives new meaning to the word "Jumbo" and has multiple displays to make sure you don't miss any of the action. The building is LEED certified which means the arena will use 20% less energy and 40% less water than arenas of similar size. Specifically the arena features dual flush toilets, high efficiency heating and cooling, recycling bins and (sorry smokers) no smoking ANYWHERE inside or within 25' of the building. The layout is bright and airy with lots of windows giving an overlook of I-4 and the cityscape. I LOVE the open air bars, The Terrace Bars and Sky Bar, all with a chic modern flair. Many of the walk up food vendors were shuttered but we were able to see that there was a large variety of food offerings- everything from Noodle Bowls to Cold Stone Creamery. Our private tour consisted of Jeringan's- a full service sit down restaurant overlooking the action below. There will be two sittings (reservations highly recommended) for a Vegas-style buffet at about $36 each. FYI- we were told by the owner that the best sitting for the game would be the second.The only negative I would say about the arena is the lack of ways to go up or down. For instance, our full elevator was traveling from Level 5 to Level 3. When we stopped at Level 4 for the Mayor of Orlando, Buddy Dyer, we had to tell him he couldn't get on and the door shut in his face. It gave us all a good laugh but this happened every time we tried to use an elevator. It happened to us when we tried to exit Level 4. WE were the ones getting laughed at by the full elevators! We ended up walking halfway around the arena to find a set of stairs and escalators were few and far between.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2010,11/8/2010,131,243,8,7,8>I submit this review with great trepidation: here's a place that has RABID FANS, with reviewers slathering superlatives all over this celebrity establishment.  The line-up of hungry diners is already the stuff of legends, allegedly causing a seismic shift in Orlando in dining hours (late lunch, early dinners...) all to better deal with 4R's lines!  I mean, we're talking 68% 5-stars and another 25% 4-stars.  So what do I do when my own experience (and taste) says that it's "only" a 3-stars.  Can one submit an anonymous review?I didn't plan it that way, but I drove down I-4 yesterday around 3 and thought, "HEY!  Isn't this the PERFECT time to try 4R?"  No clue where people park when it's regular meal hours, but when I went, the wait line was only right outside the door.  I did the brisket dinner plate + sausage, and a whole chicken, plus sides.  Took it home to the wife and kids, and fully expected them to come greet me, wolf-pack like, licking my mouth hoping for a regurgitated meal, not knowing that I'd been "faithful", having resisted dipping into the bag the excruciating 10-mile drive home.So maybe it was a little bit of over-hyped anticipation, maybe it was because it was not piping hot from the kitchen, but here's my verdict.  Both the brisket and the sausage were good, but not completely out of this world, and not all that smoky!  The chicken was more of a disappointment, as it lacked much of a taste (no evidence of the rub or any type of seasoning).  This is kind of strange, as even supermarket rotisserie chickens have a rich seasoned taste on the skin, but not on this chicken.  I also thought it was a trifle on the small side (2.5 lbs?), and again, not all that smoky!  Verdict on the sides: corn and beans - very interesting, unique tastes on both (4.5); mac n cheese - rich (my son liked it - 4.0); sweet potato thing-y - too gooey for me (3.0); corn bread (3.5)  Dessert ratings to come, and it didn't help with the stars that they over-charged me by about $4 (no detailed receipt - hard to say exactly how much)So to appease my Yelp friends, this is really a 3.5 star review (so don't unfriend me, Frank L., Colleen, Janene...)  I WILL give it another try some time soon.UPDATE on the chicken: I used the left-over to make a stir-fry with mushrooms, onions, and swiss chard tonight, and it was delish - smoky flavor came through MORE today!  Go figure.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,11/7/2010,27,142,,3,3>If you are looking for great italian food and great service you found the place! This place is small, very simple but is well worth it!I used to work in that area and go there for lunch often! It's family owned and the service is great. For like 8 bucks you choose between like 6 different dishes and a drink. Can't be better then that!The tomato sauce is delicious, not from a can for sure, taste freshly made!I love their Chicken Parmesan. Every time I am in the area, we go there for lunch!!!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,11/6/2010,19,45,3,6,4>What an experience!I've wanted to do hot yoga for quite some time, and I finally got to do it on Wednesday and I am glad I did!I haven't done yoga in at least 6 years, and it was ok. Even though I could tell most of the the class were very experienced in yoga, I didn't feel out of place. The instructor was very helpful and very encouraging. The 80 minute class nearly killed me, but I felt so great afterward! I would recommend this to anyone who has wanted to do this, I would choose this place. Very clean, you would never know that there had been a class in the room before ours. Bring a few extra towels, if you go with just your mat you will SLIDE everywhere. No one cares that you're dripping sweat cause they are too! They sell something called a Yoga Toes Towel, and you'll need it. I'll be getting one there the next time I go (which will be in the next week, that's how much I liked it!)I'm not a workout person, so if something catches my attention, you know its gotta be good. See you there!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,11/5/2010,239,386,,5,4>I've been here on other occasions but yesterday I was here to participate in the filming of "Unwrapped."  It happened during the afternoon so the restaurant was not loud or crowded, just a few lunch patrons, cameras and lights, Marc Summers, crew and extras. What a cool thing to happen at this restaurant! I was able to eat a few dishes but not sure of what they are listed as on the menu since they were just brought over for the shoot.-Potstickers, nothing too special about it but they were tasty-Largest stuffed pepper I've ever seen, breaded and stuffed with cheese or something creamy. There was a sauce dribbled over the top and marinara on the plate. Yummy! There was a very slight kick to it though so don't try to eat it with an empty glass..you'll want something to wash it down.-Hummus with pita bread and sesame chips...so good that you could eat the whole thing without sharing! =)I was only there for a few hours and a few dishes but I can't wait to try something else!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,11/4/2010,77,69,,6,3>Man, I wish I lived closer to this place cuz I really enjoyed the concept. A small vegetarian buffet with tasty food, I'm all in!! The place is tiny and parking is a pain but the food was really good and flavorful. The buffet was always fresh and well stocked and there wasn't anything that I tried that I didn't like. I'm not even a vegetarian but I like to eat healthy if I have the opportunity and I would go here regularly if I lived closer to the downtown area. I would definitely recommend this place, it's a good value and a cute little restaurant.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,11/3/2010,83,136,2,7,4>thanks to ricky l! i drive past this place all the time but never have i ever thought of stepping foot in Boston Bakery.  bahn mi for $3?! anytime! i ordered the #1, and it was YUMMY!! plenty of veggie and meat! *watch out for the jalapeños in the sandwich! they caught me off guard!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,11/2/2010,1408,1403,2,7,4>I really like this place for meats and produce. It is not a publix, it is a meatstore and butcher shop, and a produce store. They have better selections of these items than publix, i.e. more variety, including many meat products you just don't see in grocery stores. i think they had 7 or 8 different kinds of potatos on my last trip. . Everything i see there is very fresh, of top quality, and priced low. What's not to like? I hear it gets real crowded on saturday, i go during the week.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/9/2014,71,131,1,5,3>Delicious craft beer and video games from the 80s!  How can you not fall in love with this bar?!  The service is excellent.  Bartenders are very friendly.  They only offer bottled beer and have a pretty good selection.  The arcade games change out so there is always something new to try and they also have pin ball.  I believe they are all pretty much free except the pin ball.  They have two large bathrooms that are kept very clean.  Lots of comfortable seating at the bar and they also have a couple of small couches.  Two large flat screen tvs on the walls playing 80s movies or anime the times I have been there.  The walls are covered with local art that is for sale.  Often times there is a food truck right outside that you can get a bite to eat at since they do not serve food here.  I love going out for a couple drinks on mills and this is a favorite spot of mine!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/8/2014,53,103,,7,2>Oh my god the Brunch.THE BRUNCH.$35, all you can eat and all you can drink mimosas/sangria.  A little expensive but still TOTALLY WORTH IT.They offer a good variety of breakfast and lunch foods for their Sunday Brunch.. from biscuits and gravy to grits to chili to crab legs.  Also included are made to order french toast, pancakes, omelettes and pasta.Make sure that you try:Sparkling Red Sangria (with cinnamon apples and oranges!)Bacon with a brown sugar/maple glazeBiscuits and GravyCucumber and SalmonAll of it is excellent, but those are my personal favorites!  Since it's all you can eat/drink... make a reservation, go with a group and take your time.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/7/2014,33,60,,11,3>So last night, me and the GF are in search of something to eat and decide to hit Harp and Celt. We had heard a lot about it but hadn't made it in yet. Upon entering I am greeted by the familiarity of Guinness signs, a high tin ceiling and ultra-pale patrons wearing mix-matched clothing; I am home.I was trying to decide between the sausage rolls and scotch egg for an app and the fish n' chips or the cottage pie for dinner. The scotch egg and FnC won.The scotch egg was REALLY good. I have had my fair share of scotch eggs and the sausage was really moist and hot (temperature...you know us Brits don't use anything spicy). The entrees came out really fast and it was one big strip of deliciously fried fish that spanned the entire plate. I doused both the fish and chips in malt vinegar and got noshing. LOVED the batter the fish was fried in as it was crispy but it had a good, buttery flavor too. Washed it all down with a tall Guinness.I asked my GF how her first experience with real UK food was and she loved it. We have a small list of places that we frequent on the reg and Harp and Celt just made that list. Awesome food and great atmosphere.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,6/6/2014,372,220,6,15,7>May be one of my new favorite Indian places in town... I dropped by this week for lunch for their lunch buffet ($8.95) that goes on till 3:00pm. No I did not stay till 3:00 pm but I would have if I didn't have any self restraint...Anyways this is actually a sister restaurant to Tamarind in Winter Park, same owners as that one. The owners also own Bombay Cafe and Aashirwad near Kirkman, so you can be sure this restaurant has some tried and true practices when it comes to Indian food.On my visit, the buffet had some truly tasty choices: from savory dishes like tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala (or butter chicken as it's known in some parts), and goat biryani to veggie options like the aloo mutta with potatos and peas and the gobi manchurian (a kind of Chinese influenced sweet and sour veggie stirfry mix). Overall, a varied and satisfying selection that day, which will change daily. For dessert, I had a nice, sweet mango kulfi ice cream. One thing I was struck about the place was the remarkably good service I had here. The waiters were friendly and accommodating and all in all very sincere which is a breath of fresh air when compared to most other Indian restaurants that I've been to. I hope to return for dinner to try their dosas and other dishes soon! The restaurant is in the former location of Cypriana Greek, and several other restaurants before that, so hopefully they will do well. Very happy to have a proper Indian restaurant on the East side of Orlando again!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/5/2014,123,206,,5,2>This is one of my favorite local restaurants. Every time I come I wonder why I don't eat there more often.It begins with the bread basket. I love the multi-grain bread they serve. Some butter on that is heaven.The stuffed cabbage is consistently great. I will typically get it topped with the tomato sauce.Beef Goulash is a great comfort food treat.Everything I have had is good but I love the Gypsy Potato Pancake. It is really good. I never regret that order.Most of the time we are too full to order but the desserts are great as well.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,6/4/2014,197,151,1,8,5>I first saw iHair at the Winter Springs Festival of the Arts, where they were giving away complimentary services as prizes on a spinning wheel. I won a Deep Conditioning Treatment; which my hair was in desperate need of after being at the mercy of my flat-iron and the Florida sun.It was easy to set up an appointment. Amy Schultz (bless her heart), my stylist was super patient with me since I'd had to reschedule my appointment several times. The salon was easy to find. They had a front and back entrance; the back faced 434 and had limited parking, so I definitely recommend parking in the inner parking lot and go in that way. Inside, the waiting area was comfortable and had a beverage bar which I thought was a nice touch. The decor was pretty, a little unmemorable, but very professional, neat, and clean -- it had an upscale kind of feeling as well. No receptionist at the front desk, so it was a little confusing when I arrived, but after I sat down, someone came and greeted me.They didn't have a menu/list of services/price list anywhere either, which I can see as being a turn-off for other potential clients. Amy informed me that that's because the stylists work independently (it's essentially a booth rental) and some may offer services that others don't. Prices seem reasonable though -- with a wet cut being around $30 to $35 and a wet cut w/ blow dry around $40; and they do offer a comprehensive range of services as well (cut, color, perm, conditioning, etc.).Onto my appointment; my deep-conditioning was great! I love having my hair washed at the salon and the mini-scalp massage felt awesome. It was a fairly simple treatment -- wash hair, apply conditioning mask (smelled awesome), sit under heater, rinse, and blow dry. While under the heater, I definitely utilized their free wi-fi (ask for the password). Afterwards, my hair felt amazing; it was shiny, healthy, and soft. All in all, I would recommend you try out this salon if you live in the area and I'll definitely be back to see Amy again for my hair needs.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/3/2014,43,97,5,9,5>I was invited to a tasting at Quantum Leap Winery last night.  I have to admit that I was skeptical.  I mean, we all know Florida isn't exactly known for it's great wine.  When I think of wine produced in the southern states, I'm turned off.  I do not like sweet wine, and that's what you get from the type of grapes that thrive in the southern United States.However, QL is producing some really nice wines. I really enjoyed Kayley's Rescue Red, part of the proceeds go to the SPCA and the Cabernet Reserve, which I would put up against any mid range California Cab.So, how are they able to make such fine wine in Orlando? The secret is they aren't using Florida grapes.  The team at QL gets the grape juice from all over the world and then do the fermentation and blending onsite.  Why didn't I think of that?Being environmentally conscious is important to the folks at QL.  Huge food grade bags are used to deliver the grapes to the winery and then some of the wines are packaged in kegs which offers a lower carbon footprint than bottles.I would recommend this place to anyone that likes wine.  I think you will be impressed with the folks and the wines at QL.  I suggested that they should call their next wine Ziggy.  :)
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/2/2014,34,70,2,6,1>This place was a surprise to me on all aspects from atmosphere, service to the food and beer! It sits right at the intersection of Conroy and Kirkman in what I will now refer to as the "Trifecta Intersection" as it sits adjacent to STP and Agave Azul. When you drive in the area and the shopping center parking lot it sits in seems unassuming, so your expectation are lowered, but that's good...because you will be blown away by what you are about to experience! The restaurant is in 3 different sections. One with pool tables and high tops, one inside section with tables and a formal bar and then the outside/covered section. We sat outside which was the place to be! Now down to the nitty gritty of the review...the food and drink! I ordered a pitcher of their house "bloodhound brew" for only $6! It was great and rivaled Sam Adams, etc...the menu was full of tasty sounding food from some sort of mac n cheese wings to street tacos and sandwiches. The thing that caught my eye was the Chicken and Biscuits. The description is mouth watering and the real thing was beyond scrum-diddly-umptious!!! I will be the first to say that I expected far less on all levels, but Bloodhound now has a regular and a new marketing tool via my mouth which will be telling everyone I know! I honestly cant say enough about this place! The service was stellar, the beer was great, the atmosphere was perfect and the food was damn tasty!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/1/2014,122,198,,8,9>What an amazing place! I am really starting to love all these craft beer places opening up in Orlando. Barley & Vine Biergarten will be added to my craft beer rotation. First of all the staff here are some of the most friendliest people you will ever meet. They truly make you feel welcomed. Every single employee went out of their way to introduce themselves and to check in on our group multiple times. The beer selection here is great. They have a nice selection of craft beers on draft and many in bottles. The bartenders are really nice about letting you sample any of their drafts before buying one. The prices are pretty reasonable and they match up with other local places. On Sunday they offer free food with the purchase of a beer. They had hotdogs, Italian sausages, and even vegan Italian sausages with onions and peppers. They also came with a bag of chips. I really appreciate the vegan choice. I do not eat meat, and when I informed the bartender of this, he immediately went outside and asked them to put a vegan sausage on the grill for me in my own section. I really appreciate places that have awesome customer service!My friend was speaking to the manager before we left to plan a future Lady Crafter's event here. They were super accommodating and gave us a great theme idea! I am looking forward to this event soon!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,5/31/2014,127,151,3,6,3>I had the opportunity to check this place out last night and boy am I glad I did. I'm not even a huge beer fan and I still loved it. It is tucked away in Ivanhoe Village between Princeton and Virginia. Just a heads up - this place isn't easy to find. It is in between two other businesses and it is easy to just drive by. But believe me when I tell you that it is worth the hunt.They have a pretty good beer selection and from what I've been told they actually have some pretty good craft beer choices. They had a nice sized list of bottled beers along with a draft beer selection that is constantly changing. I tried the Woodchuck Barrel Select and loved it! They do have a short list of wine available if that is your thing. And they have some fancy gourmet sodas that are pretty awesome as well. They don't have food but on some nights they do have a food truck parked out front. So you can totally order from them and bring it to your table. The atmosphere is pretty chill and you can actually have a conversation with the people you go with. No screaming over horrible music played by some DJ hiding in a booth. This was a big plus for me. There is indoor and outdoor seating available. They even had some heaters for those rare cool Florida nights.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,3/14/2010,149,213,,6,6>This is a quaint little victorian tea room located in the middle of a neighborhood.  If you didn't know it was a restaurant, you would think it's just another house on the corner. It's very small inside but there is a patio area as well.  The staff is super nice and as it was my first time in any sort of tea room, they helped me understand my choices and made me feel comfortable.  My friend and I both did the lunch special which is a salad, sandwich and scone and your own pot of tea for $11. So worth it!!!    I had the curry chicken salad sandwich...YUMM-OOO!!!!   Everything was absolutely delicious!  This is a great place to take your ladies out to lunch and it not be the normal chain restaurant. And they were very speedy as well, we were not late getting back to work.I highly recommend this super cute tea room!!!  I didn't give it 5 stars because since it's my first tea room, I don't know if this is as good as it gets, but it's pretty darn good!!!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,3/13/2010,27,142,,11,3>This coffee shop just opened close to Publix  in Hunter's Creek and have an amazing coffee. We went there today, after eating at the Japanese next door and had a dopio espresso. The place is very cute, the owner is very nice and we also loved their hot chocolate!!!The owner knows everything about coffee, so if you are in the area you should give it a try!!!   They have free wi fi.The place is cute, have many tables inside and a few outside.They now have Panini's, empanadas(spinach,chicken,beef),fresh bread and delicious bottled juices from Colombia. I had the Prosciutto and Cheese Panini with Latte and the Ham and Cheese Panini and Mango juice, we loved it!!!They have a great deal that after buying 5 coffees, you'll get the next one, any size, FREE!!!Every time I go there's something new. Now they have flat screen tv, teas and smoothies too.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2009,3/12/2010,44,87,1,8,4>So my friends arranged this surprise birthday party for me here, and I am the type of girl that loves music, and I cant help but dance when I eat...so this place is awesome. Its Tapas style , meaning everyone orders and shares (I dont like sharing my food..but this night was fun cause it was a party of 15 so I got to try soo many items I probably would not order on my own) The wine selection was a wine-o's dream...and the live flamenco dancers and spanish singing was entertainment. (also kind of romantic) very dim lighting, It is pricey, and anyone under 21 are not permitted to dine...so no kids..but you can dress to impress, dine, and feel as if you were in spain. I recommend this in large groups!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,3/11/2010,70,106,4,5,4>The story you are about to read is true. This is the world, Epcot, Disneyworld. My name is Skacey. I carry a season pass.2:48 pm. Sunday. My partner and I have been walking the Epcot beat all day. Tired legs and extreme thirst push us into the closest watering hole. As is my wont, I'm always on the lookout for a proper Guinness and I'm not disappointed. It's a tourists pour with a pretty shamrock decorating the wonderful creamy head - not needed, but a nice touch (at least it's not the head of a mouse)The inside track is that this is an occasional stop for Disney insiders. On three separate occasions, we have ended up rubbing elbows with folks in the know. I really can't say more without risking exposing some valuable informants, but suffice it to say that if you are at the bar, don't be afraid to strike up a conversation with the person next to you.As for the dining experience, it was very good food, though theme park priced. Remember, you are paying for the experience and you didn't have to pay for transportation off property, or wait another hour to get there. I would highly recommend reservations as early as you can make them. If you didn't think about food the moment you entered Epcot, you may end up eating at the Fish and Chips counter around the corner (still ok, but not as nice as this)
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,3/10/2010,96,25,5,10,4>This is one of the best dedicated dessert bars in Orlando on par with Dessert Lady. The fresh Italian ice creams are rich, plentiful, and available in more than a dozen unique flavors. My sin of choice was a chocolate concoction subtitled "Death By Chocolate", and oh my goodness they were *not* kidding. I was in chocolaty heaven in mere moments! Coldstone Creamery falls short compared to this place, if that's possible. I also ordered a Lemon Chiffon Cupcake, which was tasty enough but a little on the dry side with an overabundance of frosting. Still, it was delicious. One of my friends, Kathleen, ordered a chocolate chip-covered cannoli that looked like the embodiment of pure yum.When you visit Penguin's, prepare yourself for service and quality of sweets to be a genuine treat!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,3/9/2010,4,2,,4,4>This is exactly the kind of place that the UC7 (ucf area) plaza needs.  I've lived in the area for like 11 years and the place has always been dead..so it's refreshing to see some good places opening up finally.  I really hope more restaurants like this and lazy moon open up there.  It's a fun, laid back environment with a good young artsy vibe.  They serve good beer which is also a plus.  Very nice staff (cute waitress!) and the food was REALLY good.  I had the #3, I believe it was called the Turkey and ginger cranberry and it was unreal!   The raspberry black tea was also very good.  It wasn't as sweet as I expected, but then again, most places oversweet their tea.  I'll definitely be back for more.  If I could, I'd give it a 4.5, easily a 5 star place once they complete the interior look. Pros: Amazing sandwiches, friendly staff, beer, and they'll be open until 5am soon.Cons: They need to brighten up the colors in the place a little bit.  They're on the right track, but there is a little bit too much black paint.  They did just open, so I'm sure they're working on it.  The row bench is a little high compared to the table, so I felt I had to hunch over a little bit (and I'm not very tall)...but now I'm just being picky. ;)  They're also not accepting card yet, so get ready to bring cash.  They said they will be soon.PS: This is my first review, so I hope it was helpful. :)
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,3/8/2010,72,79,4,5,4>I am not the sportsbar kinda guy! - that is, until I ran into this place. Incredibly cool, and lots of fun for a sports bar. I usually hang out at trendy lounges, and this was the best daytime hangout I can think of in Orlando on any given Sunday afternoon.Lots of fun, and beautiful ladies, and pretty cool guys to just let loose and have a great time! The food was really, good! I say that surprisingly!!! It was not your typical grease, crappy burgers, and murder fries and crap you would find at hooters! I monitor what I eat, and this place did not dissapoint!Our waitress, was very attentive, and always checking up on us every 10 mins! A+
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,3/7/2010,91,68,,6,3>We were taken here by some friends who live in the area, and were wonderfully surprised! This is located in a newly renovated area in Lake Mary and tenants are bringing new life to this part of the town. Outside they have a terrific patio that even have tie-ups for the pooch, and the staff will gladly bring fido a drink in doggy dishes. Inside you are met with not only a smiling and pleasant staff, but a modern and fun decor. All of our dishes were magnificent and varied from the ahi Tuna (delightful), to their Kobe burger (delicious), and my Classico Flatbread that was light and fresh. All of the ingredients were flavorful and simple. To top off the experience, the Chef made his way through the dining room checking on all the patrons to see their reaction from his creations. An absolute gem of a restaurant!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,3/6/2010,9,42,,3,1>I've been going to this place regularly since it was Don Pepe's. Although it's changed slightly with the name to Habana Grill, it's still an excellent Cuban place. My family and I meet there regularly and service is almost always great. My fiance loves the steak sandwich.Not sure what Meghann A. is talking about when she bashed the veg dishes. I'm a vegetarian 10 years running and this has been my favorite spot for a veggie cuban pressed sandwich.  The veggie frita sandwich is my absolute favorite, I order it every time I go there.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,3/5/2010,469,289,,8,5>This place has plenty of different kinds of beers to tickle your fancy.From Hefeweizens, to dogfish head and beyond. Look through their extensive menu of beers, if you have any questions the staff is very knowledeble.Friendly service and plenty of room at the bar during the weekdays.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,6/29/2011,369,271,8,5,4>Consistency, that is what really makes this place shine.  Since I moved to Orlando in October 2010 I have been going to Ming's at least twice a month and it has never changed.  The food is always good, never quite great, but well worth the very low cost.  The service is always average but adequate.  The dim sum is really the only way to go.  Some of my favorites are the Steamed Baby Dumplings (no children have been harmed that I am aware of), the Shark Fin Dumplings, Shu Mai, Steamed BBQ Pork Buns, Shrimp Dumplings and just about anything else ending in "dumpling".  Soda is served by the can so if you plan on drinking anything with your meal it is best to just order a pot of Oolong Tea with dinner.  MUST TRY:  Spicy Chicken Feet.  I know it sounds very weird to most people but it is definitely something worth trying at least once.  They are spicy morsels of fleshy sinewy goodness.BEWARE: The steamed beef balls are good but be careful when attempting to handle them with chopsticks.  We had an unfortunate incident in which the beef ball (which is about baseball size) decided to take flight across the table and slide across the floor like Tom Cruise in Risky Business only to end up stopping on the servers foot.  Needless to say the staff seems to remember this mishap and eyes us with great suspicion ever since.  Ming's is a great place to get good food for a GREAT price.  Start small (3-4) plates for 2 person party and go from there.  They provide a lot of food and you will quickly fill up.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,6/28/2011,181,355,,9,8>The Imperial is in it's own class. No other bar in town quite captures what this place offers...+Sophisticated beer and wine list+Eclectic seating on antique furniture+Excellent mix of music: soul, vintage jazz, etc.+Polite bartenders +Good lighting+Non-smoking (indoors)+Patio outdoorsWhen you factor all of these things together, it's a rejuvenating change of pace from the typical smoky bars in town. While the decor here is rich and lavish, the vibe of the bar is very accessible and cozy. If you enjoy Eola Wine Co, Redlight or Milk Bar, give this place a try. It's destined to become one of my favorite places for a night out.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,6/27/2011,426,190,7,6,6>If I had to fried rice for the rest of my life I would go here everyday and eat their fried rice. Hanamizuki has the best fried rice i've ever eaten. It's so simple but it taste great and has just enough flavor to satisfy even those who like really bold taste.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,6/26/2011,101,248,3,5,4>I went here with Tom B. the other day after a last minute decision for lunch. Pretty much everything he said was spot on. It reminded me of Tijuana Flats, but with much better music and food.The Habanero mango salsa was good with a small bite. They had just made it so there wasn't time for the full heat to set in - thank goodness!!! The other two house salsas were okay. A bit too mild for me. Even the medium/hot one was a bit tame. The two taco sauces they brought out were mild too. Maybe a hot sauce basket would be a nice addition for the more daring of us.The Sloppy Tacos were pleasantly not so sloppy! I had one chicken and one steak. Both had great flavors and the wonderful fresh taste of the pico made it even better. However, between the chips, the tacos, and the tater tots, I was STUFFED! I think it was the Queso. It can really fill you up. I think I might try it without the Queso next time.The service was also great. Both our waitress and the cook (?) were super friendly and helpful.I'm really surprised more people weren't there at lunch on a Friday. Maybe too many people hungover from St. Patrick's Day? And what's with not being open on the weekends for lunch? This is a prime tourist area!PS - Extra star just for having Stronbow!!! But a big yuck for smelling like smoke!! :-/
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,6/25/2011,89,238,,8,8>Wonderful!I've been out of the loop lately and wasn't aware of the crop of food trucks popping up around town. What a great idea! People who want to open a restaurant but don't have the funds to deal with the overhead (and headaches) of a leased space can still deliver quality food with passion out of a truck. Mobile cuisine!I'd been reading about The Crooked Spoon for a few weeks and upon looking at their menu online, I could tell this was not your ordinary street food. Quality, made from scratch food served in interesting combos. I showed my wife and we knew we had to try it. I finally got my chance at the Yelp Drinks launch at Wally's on Mills. The menu was so enticing that I just stood back while pondering what to get. Fish Tacos? A turkey sandwich with cranberry relish on toasted multigran? Tempting, but I chose the burger. This was not just any burger, but one topped with swiss, caramelized onion relish, maritnated tomato and greens. Mmm, I only hope there is no footage of me as I attacked and devoured this delicious burger like a vulture.As soon as I went home I told my wife all about it and we are already making plans to go back again this week. I suspect we will become regulars.I wish the owners well. This is a great idea that has a place in our community.Cheers.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,6/24/2011,321,407,10,8,4>I've avoided Sea Thai for a couple of reasons.  One is because of the not-so-inviting strip mall location on E. Colonial.  The other is because of the name -- now I know that the SEA stands for Southeast Asia, but in my mind, I'm thinking seafood. I love seafood, but I go to Thai restaurants for duck.As other reviewers have said, it's quite different once you walk inside.  It's nicely appointed (a bit dark) and the staff is very friendly.The music is odd for a Thai place.  For my entire visit, the music consisted of largely American standards, sung by a more low-key Corrine Bailey Ray type singer.  Nice though.  If WLOQ would nix that Kenny "G you're working my last nerve" crap and replace it with some of this style, I might give them a listen once in awhile.I began with a Fried Crab Cheese appetizer, "Wonton wrapper stuffed with imitation crab meat, a blend of cheese and fried to perfection, served with a plum dipping sauce."  Being imitation crab meat, it should have been spelled krab, but that's all right -- it was quite a treat.  Its presentation could have been better.My entree was Panang Duck.  It was excellent; however it wasn't mild the way I ordered it.  I've had Panang Duck at other Thai places, but this was the first time my forehead has started sweating.  I'm close to being of sexagenarian age, and my poor esophagus and stomach can't take the hot stuff anymore.Still I liked the experience and plan to return.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,6/23/2011,19,37,5,7,6>Very depressed that I may be the first Yelper to enter this possible little treasure. It might be just that, even at first taste.Located in a plaza that (guessing!) is dubbed Village Park, on John Young Parkway, and next door to a deliciously overpriced House of Beer. I stopped into this lovely little nook after quenching my lust ("Taco Tuesday" be thy name) at the Tijuana Flats just down the road.I don't know what sucked me in first: The Frank Sinatra crooning in the background. The almost completely random array of antique cushioned furniture, begging to be plopped into with reckless abandon. Sadly, I still had to work, so I had to grab my tea to-go.$3 for a 12oz(?) cup of iced, blueberry flavored pleasantry, sweetened perfectly before steeping. The girl working the register (and brewmeister, apparently) was even kind enough to give me a full 2nd cup, with the rest that was in the pot, and stamp my receipt for a free order next time I go in.The only downside? They close at 7pm on weekdays. So no relaxing nighttime trips, especially after dealing with the overwhelmingly annoying latin-flared beast that can be The Loop (which is a possible headache, no matter when you go). So plan on stopping by at the start of your day. With a little peace, quiet and good tea... you just might end up staying a while!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,6/22/2011,152,101,9,9,7>Argh.  If Yelp had a 1/2 star option I would give them 3.5.  Let me explain.First of all, physically, the place is awesome.  It's open, clean, and classy without being stuffy.  Although I think it's a little too posh to be true "gastropub" stylee, it's still comfortable.A few minutes after being sat someone brought us a little bite "compliments of the chef."  Yay free food!  They were these pea and ham fritters with a dipping sauce.  The fritters were good, the sauce was a little weird.Our server, Tim, was ridiculously informative and very attentive.  He recommended a beer that we absolutely loved and he wasn't kidding when he said the martinis were strong.  He also suggested the Charred Squid Steak as our app.  I liked it a lot.  It was different.  I honestly think they could plate just the squid with the Rusty aioli by itself without the lemon, frisee, and Lima beans and it would be just as, if not more, awesome.As entrees my boyfriend got the 55 Burger and I got the special which was a fried soft shell crab sandwich.  My sandwich was absolutely amazing.  If I had a top 5 favorite sandwiches list, this thing would be on it.  I even drank from the plate the juices that had collected on it from the sandwich as I ate.  Yes, my boyfriend gets embarrassed sometimes.The only problem with our meal was the burger.  My bf ordered it medium-well as always.  It came pretty much raw on the inside.  Not rare, raw.  So we sent it back.  The second burger was brought out by the manager(?)  and still, it was rare.  Not raw this time so he sucked it up and ate it anyways (and had a stomach ache later).  BUT the manager did get my bf another beer free of charge which is great customer service.  I just hope they get their shit together in the kitchen or they'll be givin away a lot of free beer.See more pics here nomfest.blogspot.com/201…
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,6/21/2011,92,92,4,8,5>The Improv has returned and with a bang if I may add!  They were previously located downtown and have now relocated to the Point Orlando. If you have never been you are missing out on one of the most entertaining places in Orlando.  They feature well known comedians and up and coming stars. If you're really in the mood for a few good laughs you have to visit on open MIC night!! It's a blast regardless of the event when you attend a comedy night at the Improv.All kidding aside the food is actually pretty good here! Serving size is good and quality exceeds expectations. Don't think of it as comedy club food, it's more like restaurant food served at a comedy club.  On the menu for the club are Improv classes, which I promised to sign up for one of these days after I have had enough to drink. Prices of the shows vary, but all within reason, and expect to have a great evening. ***WARNING*** If you sit next to the stage expect the show to become very interactive! It's a comedy club so everything is about having fun! Leave all morals, attitudes at home and enjoy the jokes!!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,6/20/2011,24,116,7,10,5>Riddle me this, Yelpers: When camera shopping, why on earth would you choose a gigantic, faceless chain over a local business with a knowledgeable staff and huge selection? The mind, it boggles.Bottom line is I didn't actually buy anything on my visit to Colonial Photo & Hobby, because I didn't need to; I was seeking advice and luckily, they offered it free of charge. You're not gonna get that at Best Buy or Wal Mart, you'll get some zit-faced kid just transferred from another department with no idea how to answer any of your technical questions. Go here for your photography needs. I know I will when I need something.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,8/30/2014,83,146,3,6,9>Awesome place and awesome craft beer for you beer lovers out there!! I really like stopping by here because it's such a chill bar, music isn't too loud, and you can actually hold a conversation with someone.  The bartenders are pretty awesome too!  Jason (the owner) and Marie are some really cool peeps.  They're very helpful and they'll make sure you get the beer that best suites you.  Great selection of beers and it changes every time.  They even have cider for those of you, meaning maybe me. haha.  That aren't beer fans just yet, I'm trying to learn! lol.  Right when you walk into this bar, you automatically feel like you're at the Ocean. The decorations are awesome and oh yea, check out the bathrooms! It's pretty cool, weird I know that I would actually tell you to check out a bathroom, but  just don't do it :) Also, their TV screen is another thing that draws my attention.  They usually got some kind of nature dvd's playing, and it adds to the ambiance.  Overall this place is awesome! They serve CRAFT beer, not CRAP beer ;)
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,8/29/2014,19,16,3,9,7>Beyond pleased to have found Kyle's Bike Shop.  It's true, that customer service & word of mouth is the best advertising a place can get.  I moved across town from my ture and trusted bike shop & needed a new spot to take care of my tri bike & a friend recommended that I went to Kyles... so pleased he did.  Firstly the guys there are professional, friendly, knowledgable and quick.  I had a flat tire and a computer problem and the guys here took care of it for me quickly and painlessly.  The owner Kyle is a class act and has earned a customer in me for life.  Honestly, probably one of the best bike shop experiences I have ever had (and I have had a lot!)   Thanks guys!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/28/2014,85,101,4,4,4>Toasted is super bad for me, in the best kind of way. When I first heard about there being a grilled cheese restaurant so close, I was stoked. I love cheese, like a lot. a whole lot. I've tried most all of their non-vegan options, and my absolute favorite sandwiches are the Blackberry Melt, the 101, As Gouda As It Gets, and Southern Comfort. I haven't tried any of the vegan options, not because I don't like eating "healthy", but because every time I go there, I'm going for cheese. Did I mention my love of cheese?? The only one of their sides I haven't tried is the warm Apple Compote, but I absolutely love their truffle fries. Their mac & cheese needs some work; it's good, but there's not really any seasoning to it. The tomato soup is the perfect side for any grilled cheese and soup fan. The atmosphere is very casual and relaxed; you order at the counter, get a cheese number, and have a seat. They bring out your food and it's always served hot and fresh. There aren't many tables inside, but they do have a few outside. One wall reminds me of Swiss Cheese, while on the other wall they have a large "Periodic Table of Cheese." The staff is friendly, and someone (who I think may be the owner or manager) has always come out to check on us while we're eating. If you love grilled cheese, I definitely recommend Toasted.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/27/2014,101,72,5,8,7>Have you heard of Limo Cycle? If not, that's about to change!We rented a 15-person limo cycle for my birthday last Sunday and it was a great time! First off, you need to check the website and see the video to totally understand what this is. I still can't totally explain it, and I've been on it! Essentially, it's a 15-person bike ... but it looks like a long golf cart.The Limo Cycle experience is BYOB (beer or wine, no glass) -- and each ride has its own driver and bartender. Lauren, our bartender, was awesome. Unfortunately, I don't remember our driver's name (probably because our bartender was too good at her job ;)). The Limo Cycle travels around downtown Sanford. There's a suggested route, but you can also select your own bars. We went to Nemo's (meh, too early for any action there), Willow Tree (did two boots and left), and finished at West End (2 for 1s on Sunday -- you need to go here).From my understanding, each rider pays $15/hour and there's a minimum of two hours for the rental. We did two hours on a Sunday at 12:30 p.m. It was hot, definitely -- but there are also small personal fans and misters at each seat, so that helps. My boyfriend and I already decided we would be back ... but likely in the fall. One last thing I want to note: We had a 15 person bike, but there were actually only 10 pedals. Three of us sat in the back facing everyone, and the last two people at the "bar" part of the Limo Cycle didn't have pedals. This wasn't a deal breaker for us, but it wasn't ideal. I never actually pedaled (birthday girl status!) ... but those that did said it was very hard. The men were drenched in sweat and part of the reason we stopped was so they could rest. This isn't a stroll in the park, so be prepared! There is no motor (to my knowledge), the driver steers and the people pedaling create the power.Bottom line: This is a fun and unique way to spend a Saturday or Sunday. I highly recommend it!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/26/2014,30,5,8,7,6>I am clearly not Japanese.  I did not grow up on the streets of Tokyo consuming mountains of Sushi from a very young age.  I did not spend years training with Jiro learning the art of Sushi and it's preparation.  I am not a Bay Area guy who eats only "traditional" sushi and I cannot describe to you the quality of fish like a wine sommelier.  All i know is that Chef Henry has done something right at Kabooki Sushi.  The presentation of some of his dishes can probably find space at the Orlando Museum of Art and the flavors remind me of Mozart and Beethoven having an epic rap battle in my mouth.  Sometimes, I must admit I have been moved to tears of joy and disbelief when tasting some of his rolls.  Do yourself a favor when you go.  Be adventurous and get out of your comfort zone and order the special for the day.  It is always something that tastes and looks excellent and I have yet to be disappointed.But don't just take my word for it!  Listen to this satisfied patron!"Yo Amura I'm really happy for you, imma let you finish, but Kabooki Sushi has the greatest Orlando Sushi of all time!  OF ALL TIME!!"PS My only reservation is I could not find fish sticks on the menu.PPS Speaking of reservations, you will need one as they are always PACKED!!!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/25/2014,30,43,9,9,7>Why are you wasting your time reading this love letter to authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine when you should be grabbing the closest person near you, jumping in the car and flooring it until you've reached 2120 Edgewater Drive in College Park. No matter what glowing review anyone puts online nothing will ever compare to experiencing this authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine. Over zealous? Perhaps, but tell me how you'd react when you've spent the last two years living in Orlando, having moved from Boston, trying to find authentic, fresh, delicious, and greater than life itself Italian cuisine.So, how did I enjoy it? Well, let's just say the tears started upon the entering and the fresh, auth-...(you get the point) was scented. Vanessa, the radiant owner of Trevi Pasta, welcomed us and explained how everything works. Pick your pasta, pick how you'd like it cut, pick your sauce. The one piece of feedback I am giving; include prices on the daily special board, couldn't see them listen anywhere.  After ordering, your experience becomes table service and bread is brought to you.TIP: Along the side of the restaurant are a few tables where you have the opportunity to view into Vanessa's kitchen and see the food being prepared.Everything we ate was delicious and immediately brought me back to my childhood, growing up in Mass, sitting around my Noni's dining room table. It was so authentic that I was anticipating at any moment my Italian grandmother would cone storming into the restaurant giving me a long lecture and asking "When-a you gonna bring-a nice Italian girl home with you and give-a me grandkids?!" Considering my boyfriend and I were stuffing our faces with such riches that afternoon it seems like the joke would be on her.The food is the kind you have to pace yourself through. I did not want to stop eating it, but from the first bite I was struck with a poignant feeling that soon my plate will be empty. Despite being over the moon and stuffed we managed to squeeze in some gelato. The Bacio (nutella) was the perfect ending to this lunch. Rich and creamy with some nuts mixed in it. Trevi Pasta is a bastion of authenticity in a city that often forgets the virtue of this very thing found here in Vanessa's Kitchen.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,8/24/2014,33,60,5,5,4>Mind = blownChef AJ messaged me after reading my review on Yelp and apologized for the service last time and invited us back to try them out again. We stopped in last night and the experience was exceptional.We ordered the garlic knots as an app with some marinara, which the GF said only half-joking that she could eat straight with a spoon. The knots are baked in-house and they were so good. I had a Veal Saltimbocca which had veal wrapped in prosciutto over homemade pasta with olives and pancetta. I could have licked the plate...The girlfriend got the meat lasagna which the Chef said he bakes 4 times and it was AMAZING. Trust me. It'll be one of the best lasagnas you will ever eat. We finished with the tiramisu and as with everything else in this meal, it was incredible.Chef AJ came to the table and we spoke a few minutes and you can really tell how much pride he takes in the quality of food he is serving. Some of the recipes are takes on old family recipes and some items like the gelato with the slab bacon were creations that were born just by experimenting.Pizzamia has fans for life. I almost want to go back tonight and try the bolognese... The service was outstanding and the food is some of the best Italian that I have had. If you're in the area, stop by soon and if you're not, make plans to come have dinner. It is that good.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,8/23/2014,119,305,1,6,4>I've been to their original location in Key West, but yesterday was my first experience with the new Orlando location. The weekend brunch was in full swing and looked delicious, but we decided to order off the regular menu. Some of the items we tried:Green beans- And not just any green beans! These were cold, crisp, and sprinkled with prosciutto and lemon-caper vinaigrette. Served with wedges of gruyere cheese. So delicious and had this wonderful, bright, earthy taste to it. I know that might sound weird, but it was awesome!French Onion Soup- Yummy!Chicken Skewers- marinated and served with a lemon-tarragon sauce as well as a dipping sauce. Fabulous. Beef Tenderloin- Served with blue cheese crumbles melted on top. This was a little overdone for me (I like my steak medium rare, and this was probably medium well to well done), but it was tender and fairly tasty. Dates- Stuffed with goat cheese and served warm, wrapped in prosciutto. To die for!Everything was delicious and the service was excellent. This place is a bit pricy, but it definitely filled us up and was a fun experience. I would come back!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,8/22/2014,53,179,1,10,5>Came here on a Sunday night because it was the only one not packed with people. In fact, there were just two other people inside...We shared the Black & Tan Drunken Onions ("a full 1/2 pound of onions, dipped in ale and stout batter, served with tangy texas petal sauce") while waiting for our meals. They were very good and we really enjoyed the horseradish-based sauce. My husband had the Dubliner ("a delicious combination of thin sliced hot roast beef, sauteed onions and melted swiss cheese, on toasted french bread with mayo") with pub chips and I had the Summer Salad ("cool spring mix topped with mandarin orange segments, grapes, almonds, feta cheese, red onion and tomato. Served with homemade balsamic vinaigrette dressing"). Everything was great!We had really good service and enjoyed the dimly-lit restaurant.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/21/2014,369,271,2,6,4>I was very skeptical when I initially walked in, it was a late Friday afternoon and the place seemed a bit light on people.  My skepticism was quickly washed away in a flood of flavor, meaty goodness and total bliss.  Beth's is definitely one of the best Orlando area burger joints.  The menu is incredibly diverse and creative.  I enjoy coming over here for a quick lunch while my car is being detailed around the corner.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone interested in a high quality burger.  Damn, now I'm hungry.....are they open yet?Update: I actually did pack my stuff up and drag myself down there right at noon for lunch after writing my initial review.  Tried the peanut butter burger and it was incredible!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2010,10/12/2010,226,115,3,3,3>Mmmmm, the Horchata was delicious!The rest of the food was pretty good. I liked the Salsa quite a bit too. Who doesn't love a good salsa? Yum!Anyway, a couple of the girls at work and I were talking about Mexican food and Mexican buffets and lo and behold I found a little spot not too far from the office. Soooo, we checked it out for lunch today.Unfortunately, there was a problem with the heating element in the "buffet"  so ordering the $5.99 lunch buffet was out of the question. Kudos to them though, I'd rather order hot food from the kitchen than to have a mediocre meal ... and let me tell you the cook had his work cut out for him,the place was kind of busy and everything was made to order. It was good, no complaints. I do want to go back for some buffet-eatings one day though.Did I mention the prices? $3.99 for the "Speedy Gonzalez", a taco, enchilada and beans or rice was a great deal. I did the Chicken Chimi with Queso, beans and rice for $5.99 and must say that it was pretty tasty (I like it a little more crisp, but that can be fixed ).Clean, authentic, Mom & Pop type of place - I'll go back, for the Horchata for sure, and to try the buffet next time.  So glad I did this on an early day at the office ... Good Mexican should always be followed by a SIESTA!  Zzzzzzzzzz
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2010,10/11/2010,238,467,3,10,4>High Tide Harry's is a very typical Florida seafood dive.  I dig it, but I can see how it may put some people off.  Most of their food is fried, but you can opt for blackened, grilled, or broiled.  I like the $9.99 meals, you pick your meat (Snapper, Mahi, Shrimp, Scallops, pretty much everything except crab) and 2 sides.  I ordered the blackened snapper with green beans and cole slaw, and got 2 huge fillets.  They were cooked well and spiced very mildly.  Luckily there was some Louisiana hot sauce on the table so I could bring the heat up to my liking.  The green beans were good, but had chunks of bacon in them.  So just be forewarned on that one.  Cole slaw tasted pretty average... nothing original there. Unlike many places along that strip, High Tide Harry's boasts a full liquor bar, and for $2 more per drink you can upgrade to a 'fish bowl'.  Even on beer!  I didn't.... but I reeeeeeally wanted to!!  I also wish they served more locally caught fish and seafood.  Sigh.I dig the place, definitely a good staple.  Note: It gets crazy packed on Friday's during Lent.  The line was out the door when we left!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,10/9/2010,148,339,4,11,6>Any place that greets you with an immediate and warm "hi!" deserves a star right off the bat. Now, when it's a creepy, we-want-your-money-give-us-money kind of "hi", then no star should be awarded.The service is beyond amazing. The gracious lady behind the counter allowed us to try the various side items that they had, which changes every so often, and offered explanations of what they were when we asked. All the items that we tried were excellent! I especially love their pasta salads.Pita & Hummus: So good that the next time I'm craving hummus, I am coming here to get a large container of it instead of going to the store.Falafel: Perfect crispiness and softness. Flavors are amazing. We got it with the tzatziki sauce. Comes with a side item of your choice!Souvlaki: The chicken was grilled perfectly. Maybe this is just me, but I love it when I can taste a mix of the delicious marinade and the "burn" from the grilling.Can't wait to try their other items. You wouldn't think so from the outside, but the place is always kept clean, and I find their decor to be warm and neat. It's relatively small, but so what?Friendly folks, clean environment, excellent food, affordable prices...I'm definitely going to be a regular here!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,10/8/2010,321,407,9,10,6>Woke up this morning:  pizza or sushi? pizza or sushi?  I kept going back and forth; finally realizing I'm trying to stay on a budget, pizza won out.  I checked out Brick and Fire in the ORMC area, having been there once before but with little recall of the place.  The first thing I noticed was that the wines by glass ranged from $2.25 to $4.75 -- holy cwap -- did I time-warp back to 1998?  Granted, the wines aren't likely featured in Wine Enthusiast, but at that price, so what?I started with an appetizer of bruschetta with goat cheese, pesto, artichokes and balsamic syrup -- oh my!  Then I had to choose my entree.  Well, I'm a duck-sucker.  (Rephrase, TB)  I'm a sucker for duck -- if it's on the menu, I'll find it.  Well, the "foodie" pizza consisted of, get this:  "Smoked Duck Breast with Gorgonzola, Cabernet Poached Pears, Arugula and Balsamic Syrup."  WOW!  The real star of the pizza was the mountain of arugula.  And on the 8th day, God created arugula.  In the Mediterranean, arugula is considered an aphrodisiac -- I don't know about that, but it sure made my taste buds stand at attention.It looks as though they've done away with the serve-yourself soda, at least on the Saturday lunch when I visited.  As Martha Stewart would say, "it's a good thing."  Yeah, this experience was a good thing.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,10/7/2010,38,89,,4,3>The Pig is my go-to place for special events.  The food is delicious!  I highly recommend the lobster tacos and gruyere biscuits.  I agree wtih the other reviews about reservations.  And yes, it can be pricey, but if you avoid drinking (the cocktails are steep) you can keep the costs to a pretty reasonable level.  Everyone I've ever brought here always wants to come back.  Big thumbs. Way up.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,10/6/2010,19,45,3,4,4>This is my to-go sushi place right around the corner from my house. If some friends and I are craving sushi and are super lazy and don't wanna drive somewhere far, this is where we invariably end up.It's small, but you never feel cramped. The decor is pretty classy, but you don't feel like you should be in a fancy button down. The service has always been great when I've been there, especially with larger groups of people.The food, is, of course, what makes this place so awesome. It's a rare treat when I enjoy both the cooked items and noodle dishes + sushi of a place -- it's usually one over the other. Here I have to gaze longingly at the menu and decide what sacrifices I have to make. For cooked dishes, I'd recommend anything with udon, their noodles are perfect. For sushi... well, anything is great. Crunchy Roll's a delicious melange of subtle flavors, the spicy tuna roll is a standard staple of nom, and the Mikado Roll ended up being fought over on a recent foray with a group of friends.For the price, this is probably the best sushi you can get in the MetroWest area. Couple that with the out-of-the-way locale and intimate atmosphere, and you've got a little slice of heaven.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,10/5/2010,469,289,8,22,8>Beefy King is an Orlando Institution, and it hasn't just stood the test of time based on mediocre sandwiches. The roast beef and pastrami sandwiches are my weakness. For a person who abhors almost all fast food, and has never ordered from a drive thru window in my life, I can say Beefy King makes me bend my rules.It's good thing I don't live or work near the Beefy I would have a full blown addiction. Their tots are delicious and I also enjoy their BBQ sauce.Iconic, inexpensive, fresh, delicious beefy sandwiches will hit the spot with me every time.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,10/4/2010,124,416,2,7,2>iJust want to share that Aki is STILL my favorite Japanese restaurant in Orlando!They may not have the best decor and some people may not understand that in Japan, sushi is ACTUALLY an appetizer....But the restaurant is pretty authentic (I have been to Japan and frequently ate in Little Tokoy when iLived in L.A last year...so iWould know the Japanese authenicity in food and flavor)....ALSO, Aki has an AWESOME sushi Happy Hour!  I only spent $5 on the California & Spicy Tuna rolls together.....and yes that's 12 pieces total!!!!iHeart AKI!!!!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,10/3/2010,115,241,4,3,5>After months of watching my coworkers bring back these sandwiches, I finally decided to check this place out myself.  Bagel Bagel Cafe is a take-out place but also has a large dining area and free wi-fi.  It's located directly across from UCF, which accounts for most of its patrons. They serve breakfast and lunch and breakfast is actually served all day for those of us who are b-fast junkies.I ordered the Hot Wine and Cheese Sandwich with potato salad as my side.  My friend ordered the Hot Pizza Sandwich and chips.  Within 5 minutes of ordering, they brought our food to the table which was impressive but it was also only 11am and the lunch rush hadn't hit yet.Mmmm... I took my first bite and the melty provolone and wine & cheese dressing hit my tongue like a jackhammer... there was no turning back now!  With every bite, I could see I was drawing closer to the end of what could only be explained as food enlightenment.  I tried to hold off... but that last bite... just called my name.  And then it was gone folks.  My plate was nothing more than a pile of sad lettuce scraps and some drops of sauce. To my delight, I still had potato salad to try. It was creamy and perfect... just perfect!So, my friends... go forth and enjoy that which has two names... Bagel Bagel.  Your sandwich awaits...
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,10/2/2010,359,208,7,3,4>Um, yeah... all of my rave reviews of the cupcakes at Pom Pom's??? This is the genius behind them!!I've now had the Tuxedo, Pumpkin Spice, Chai, Grasshopper, and Red Velvet... in order of level of TO-DIE-FOR-ness:1: Tuxedo1.5: Red Velvet2: Pumpkin Spice2.5: Chai3: GrasshopperTo be honest, they ALL tie for 1st place, but I had to figure out a little bit of a rating system to let you guys know how I really felt about them... If I could just get a large bowl of this cream cheese icing, I'd be set for life!!YUUUMMMM!!!! Anywhere you find these cupcakes, get AT LEAST one!! They're so heavenly that I'm pretty sure God decided they don't need to have any calories, so don't worry about that.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,4/6/2011,92,92,3,4,3>Chimichanga anyone? Whenever I take a trip to Atlanta I meet a friend for Mexican and have an extra-large Dos XX to start the night off right. Well they were in town to visit and I needed a place to continue the tradition. I searched the site here and found Habaneros and notice the reviews point to good eating for an evening. It's a decent size restaurant located in a convenient location. The decor is fitting for a Mexican restaurant along with the menu. We ordered a super burrito and a chimichanga for dinner. I could not find flautas on the menu and they only carried Dos XX in the bottle. However after digging into the chimichanga I forgot about my craving for flautas. It's a good portion of food, and the taste is on target for great Mexican flavor. The service is not over the top, but it's not bad either. They give you enough space to enjoy the evening and will check up on you to make sure you are comfortable. You have to pay at the counter on your way out, which is a little awkward when leaving but it's not a big deal.  I enjoyed the dinner and it reminded me of the reason why I joined yelp in the first place.*Warning*(Here Comes the Cheese, but It's Genuine)Real people. Real reviews! Thanks fellow yelpers for a good recommendation for a good Mexican Restaurant!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,4/5/2011,223,368,,3,5>My first experience with Peruvian Food = muy bien!Limena Chicken is tucked away in a pretty dull looking strip mall and is easy to miss.  However, it is worth the effort to seek this place out because the food is excellent.My husband had the Arroz Con Mariscos (fried rice w/seafood) and it was delicious.  It had a good amount of shrimp in it, but also included squid, octopus, and other various seafood.  It was great.  They topped it with some scallions, which made it even better.I had the lomo saltado, which is basically a stir-fried beef with tomatoes and onions.  They served it with a side of fries and white rice.  Let me just say, the juices from this meat are amazing.  I wanted to drink them.  Haha... no exaggeration, when you scoop them on top of the rice and fries - the flavor is tremendous!I really liked the friendly family atmosphere of the place and I'm all about spending my money at a family-owned establishment.  I will defiitely be back!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,4/4/2011,17,61,2,3,2>My fiance and I came here on Valentines day and had a blast. The improv actors were so funny! and I appreciated that they keep the humor family friendly (not that any kids were in the audience). The host was adorable and the whole feel of the auditorium was pretty intimate. I think with all improv shows you get the people who think they are so funny yelling out silly answers (but they really arent funny at all). In spite of them, the actors pulled of a great and very entertaining show. We will def be going back.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,4/3/2011,91,100,,6,2>Heaven on a plate! Nestled in the Whole Foods shopping center at Aloma and Lakemont you will find a cute little cafe...The Green Lemon Cafe. Note: The building only has  "CAFE" for signage and parking in the shopping center can be an issueI ordered their special crepe of the day which was the Chicken Mediterranean. It contained Chicken (scrumptiously flavored), feta cheese, pesto, and red peppers. It normally comes with mushrooms and onions but I left those off. My crepe and bottled water were less than $10.My friend ordered a Spinach and Cheese Quiche which came with a mixed greens salad. She said it was really good as well. There were several items that were vegetarian friendly. They have Crepes, Panini, Salads, Soups, Sandwiches, and Smoothies. Several of the items were unique and I will definitely be back to try some of the dessert crepes and brunch! Every item on their menu is less than $10.   I am knocking off a star because my friend's quiche came out at least five minutes after my crepe... so my food was lukewarm by the time her dish arrived. Also, based on how we were looking around and thoroughly examining the menu it was obvious we had never been there before. Yet the girl behind the counter did not say hello to us or ask us if we needed any help.I am planning on trying their brunch which they serve from 10-2 on Sundays. The food will definitely bring me back...
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,4/2/2011,498,694,2,6,3>This is my new favorite Italian place on the East side of town! I have driven by Victorio's so many times and didn't even realize it. it is located in a little strip mall on Alafaya. It's a little further down from the "main" restaurants, but should not be passed up. We stopped in for lunch on a Monday, and were immediately seated by the nicest waitress in the world. This is your mom/grandmother type. She was so bubbly, sweet and attentive. She recommend the Italian cold-cut sandwich. This has to be one of the better Italian sandwiches i have had. A few days later a friend inquired about the same restaurant, so there we were again..It's very rare for me to go somewhere twice in one week. The entire table ordered the Calzones...they are ginormous and delicious. far more filling than Goodfella's. We actually got to meet the owner this time. He is a great guy who takes pride in his business.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,4/1/2011,359,280,2,5,3>Mega funny comedy joint that consist of somewhat tasteful blunt jokes. I went here to see Guy Torry who is a hilarious energetic comedian that rolled out jokes like coins from a money roller. The best part of this comedy club is that it is nice and dark so the comedians will not point you out unless you are way too obvious or look like a celebrity. LOL.The servers are highly up to par with their service; overall this is a great place to get drinks. I recommend getting the rubber chicken drink because it's like a step above a blue long island (all the drinks have funny names.) They also have a menu with appetizers to satisfy an appetite but with all the laughing it must be a tad bit difficult to enjoy a meal. Still an enjoyable evening can be spent here if you are in a mood for a good laugh with family or friends.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,3/31/2011,148,339,,5,6>This is a park that I would love to do a photo shoot in. It's planned in such a way that taking a picture in any direction would almost guarantee you an awesome shot. I'm surprised I haven't actually seen more couples or photographers in this park.It's small, and it's a little hard to find, but it's certainly worth the effort and getting lost numerous times. I actually found out about it through participating in Urban Dare a couple of years ago. And yes, my partner and I literally went in circles 'cos we kept missing it. I cursed at the park for making my feet hurt and making us lose time, but as soon as we found it, all resentment disappeared.It's really, really gorgeous. And peaceful as not too many people know about it. Yet.But there are some parts of the park that I do feel need more work. It's a little sad when you step out of a really dense and interesting part of the park only to find a really "undergrown" area that looked like it had been neglected and forgotten. *tear*My favorite component of this park is the bridge and it's scattered everywhere! They add a whole ton of character and charm to the park.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,3/30/2011,149,191,5,10,5>If you are in the east Colonial/Union Park/Alafaya area, this little supermarket is worth a visit.They carry a large selection of fresh produce, both local and from Latin America.The store is run by and caters to Latinos, but the people who work there are polite, cheerful and helpful even if you don't speak any Spanish.Not only do they have tons of tomatoes, they have tomatillos too.Several varieties of avocados and mangos are available there.You'll find grapes, greens, okra, herbs, melons, all fresh, as well as every kind of canned or frozen bean imaginable.Latin cookies, candies, and spices are plentiful.There is a wide selection of frozen meat, poultry, and seafood.You won't find the citys best steaks there, but If you want to emulate the Travel Channels' Andrew Zimmern, they do have bull pizzle.And rabbit.Prices and quality are better than ANY nearby supermarket on most items.Muy bueno. Facebook: facebook.com/pages/Fancy…Edited to add: The sign said Meat Sale, so we found nice boneless ribeye steaks (AKA Delmonico) for $4.49/lb.  Wow.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,3/29/2011,188,72,6,12,9>I love the Nile restaurant. I'll say that flat out. Fell in love with Ethiopian cuisine years ago, and when I found out there was one in Orlando, I made a beeline for the place. I've been back dozens of times since. Here's my review...LOCATION:This place isn't easy to find. Sure, it's technically on I-Drive, but it's actually set back off the road in a parking lot behind Buffalo Wild Wings. Pulling up, the run-down strip mall look isn't that appealing either. All that said, they did a complete refresh on the interior within the last year and trust me the inside is cozy and inviting. This isn't 5-star dining, but it's a relaxing place to enjoy a meal.FOOD:As with all my reviews, I must state that I'm a vegetarian, so if you're looking for reviews of the meat I'm not your guy. I get the vegetarian platter, EVERY time. A large sampling of different items, all delicious. There's multiple lentil dishes, and collard greens, and cabbage, and peas. It's all flavorful and delicious. Some of the items are quite spicy, others are almost cooling. If you've never had Ethiopian food before, you basically eat with your hands. Sort of. You actually tear off a piece of Injera, a spongy slightly vinegar-laden bread similar to a crepe, and you use said bread to pick up your food. It's fun, it's different, and it's very tasty.Lastly, it doesn't mention it on the menu, but if you order one of the platters, they're usually happy to bring you more of whichever dishes you liked the most should you finish the plate off and still be hungry.DRINKS:They don't seem to advertise that they have both Ethiopian wine and beer available, but they do. I recommend trying one if for no other reason than the experience.SERVICE:This isn't a place with high turnover. It's obvious the entire staff is family or close to it, I've had the same waitstaff for the last few years. They're friendly, warm, and welcoming. The service is at a somewhat relaxed pace, but that's not to say it's inattentive, but if you've ever been to the Caribbean, you know what relaxed pace service can be. The woman who I presume is the owner and head chef is just a ray of sunshine. She'll likely stop by your table and ask how everything is. She may perform a coffee ceremony while you're there as well. OVERALL:Look, there's no getting around it, this is an unusual dining experience, it's a far cry from TGI Fridays. But it's fun, the food is delicious as long as you don't prefer bland dishes, and it's CONSISTENT. My service, food, and experience have remained the same over a number of years. This is a regular haunt for me, and I can't wait to go back again.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,3/28/2011,68,102,,7,5>I am really delighted to find this hidden gem. No doubt that we will be back to try more. I think Yelpers who plan on visiting Shin Jung need to be informed that it is very easy to miss if you're not paying attention. The restaurant is a small building with a dark green canopy over the main entrance. Anyway, we ordered a little more than we can handle, but we left very satisfied: bibimbap, kimchi pancake, and my boyfriend got bulgogi (bbq beef). Aside from what we ordered, there's 8 side dishes which consisted of marinaded radish, kimchi, marinaded radish salad, potato salad...etc.The reason why I gave this place a 5 star instead of a 4 is because aside from the amazing food, they really have a good service and are very attentive and friendly.I definitely enjoyed this legitimate and traditional meal. It was a great decision to stop by and I'm definitely thankful that previous Yelpers have recommended/reviewed this place.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,2/13/2011,224,161,10,18,6>Ive tried MANY salons to handle my hair and within a 5 hour radius, from Miami to Clermont, even in NYC Salon Dominican has the most skilled stylist. They use European and Domincican products, though mostly Italian. The flat iron is rarely touched and they take care of your hair.I've beeing going there since I moved here 3 years ago and tried finding other salons that were closer since I drive 30 minutes to them, but I havent foudn better and always end up coming back.  I actually pass 4 other "dominican salons" on the way.I recommend Irene and Belgica who are amazing!Cons:they dont take appointmentsDO NOT come here if you're in a hurryDo expect them to break into song and dance while doing your hairNot the most professional of places...but when you go you feel like family. if you're a regular it's like your family being mad at you when you show up late or right before closing, so if you're a latina, it's a familiar feeling :) they are good at what they do, and you'll never go anywhere else.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2011,2/12/2011,69,200,6,7,4>This is a new restaurant/lounge right next to the 55 West building.  We arrived to a back door (at the time I was not aware that it was a back door), spoke with a guy outside who was a waiter or a manager (there seemed to be a lot of staff present for a Monday), he told us to come in, opened a velvet rope and we walked in.  We weren't sure if we could just take a table, but there was group of waitresses by one of the bars that saw us and didn't come over to say anything.  We walked around for a minute and then I finally went over to them to ask if we could just sit anywhere.  They all seemed confused, "Didn't the hostess seat you?" one of the girls asked.  "No, I don't know, we just walked in here, I don't know where the hostess is." I said back.  She again seemed confused and showed us where the hostess was (by another door), cool, no problem, we walked over to the hostess and she said, "you can sit any where you like", so we chose a table and she gave us our menus.  Ok, it was a little bit of an odd start, but whatever, about a minute later, 2 women come over and say, "this table is not assigned to a waitress, can I move you?", now this is getting a bit annoying, the restaurant was 90% empty, we were the only table sitting, everyone else in the establishment was at the bar... so I said, "ok, where would you like to move us to?" and she said, "nevermind, you can just stay here" and then they walked away.  Ok, a rocky start just got rockier, but I liked the decor, and at least they are trying to do some fusion foods, so I want to like the place and I look past all of this as first week jitters (I really do think every restaurant should have a soft open for just friends, and that way you can work out some of this weirdness).  So, on to the drinks and food, I had a Patron Caliente (they use fresh ingredients in the mixed drinks) and it was pretty good, but wasn't strong, or caliente really at all... we ordered the hummus sampler, it was good, and I ordered the chicken piri piri, which is just tandoor chicken with a curry and blue cheese sauce (I had to try it, never saw curry and blue cheese together).  The sauce was quite good and the chicken was done well, even though there was very little there to eat.  We also had the thai chicken naan flatbread which was ok, but I think it needs a little work (it has a sort of peanut paste that is a little dry).  Our waitress was very nice, even if she did drop a few things and disappeared to set up for the conversion to a nightclub (which she came over to tell me happens at 10pm, we left at close to 11 and there was still no dj playing).  Again, all of this can be attributed to a rough monday of your first week, and I will go back and re-review this place.  But for now, it is ok, and gets 3 stars... though I do believe they will improve, even if they have some cheesy circa 1980's miami light up bar and back drop, I still think it has some good things going for it, and I hope it works for them because I see some really good potential.  Try it for yourself and see what you think.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,2/11/2011,48,286,5,9,6>Now that my head has stopped pounding, I can finally write my review... Went last night and it was fun! Seemed to be an older crowd, but it was a crazy good time... Cover charge was a reasonable $5.00 on a Saturday night. Extremely crowded, but we lucked out and managed to get a table fairly quickly. If you don't have a table, you have to get your own drinks from the bar. Not a huge issue, but a bit of a pain. The bartender was a bit slow, but hopefully he'll learn the ropes and speed up. One word of warning: Fishbowl. Stay. Away. From. Them. I did not know how actually evil these drinks are. The evening did not end well for me. Enough said. This piano bar is not for the faint of heart or overly prim and proper. Every song had sexual lyrics inserted and lots of T&A being shown by the wait staff and patrons. Good times... Drinks are reasonably priced, and there are food offerings.  The 3 sweet potato fries that I was fed tasted pretty good.Already planning the next trip out!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,2/10/2011,20,150,1,8,4>I have been going to Ay Jalisco for about 3 years now. It is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Central Florida! I have tried to find another restaurant to match their mole enchiladas- but no one comes close! You are greeted with chips and salsa upon arrival. The salsa is super fresh with just a touch of heat to make it addictive! I always order the mole enchiladas! The portions are giant and it is served with beans, rice and salad. I can never finish my entire plate, but I want to!! They have good drink specials and the service is courteous. I am always willing to drive out to Clermont (from downtown Orlando) to enjoy Ay Jalisco!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,2/9/2011,105,221,,5,3>You are missing out!  And you would miss it if you weren't looking for it or didn't happen to drive by on a warm day during lunch time when all their outside tables were packed.  Great food and service.  The soups, sandwiches and panini's are just like the ones you can get in a street side cafe in Paris.  The owners do a great job in providing great service, greeting each customer that comes in, and making the food.  You have to come back again and again and try everything because I just can't pick out what I like the best.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,2/8/2011,38,89,,5,4>I've been meaning to go here for months now, and finally I made it last night.  What a surprise!  I had heard/read the critique that the place lacked atmosphere...but I have to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.  Despite being located in a giant metal building with fluorescent lights, it doesn't FEEL like you are.  They've done an excellent job creating mood lighting and warmth in a space that could be really bare (the photos here on Yelp are a good "before" shot...the place is much better now).  The outside seating area is simple but comfortable--a great option if the live music is loud and you want to chat.  As for the beers--my god, $2 pints?!?  Holy holy. Like Annette, I also had the Miami Weiss which I was a big fan of, and ordered a second.  Some of the Pilsners I tried were good too, but I was not a huge fan of the Brown Ale.  I agree with other reviewers in that this place is a fab, off-the-beaten path place in Orlando that is worthy of your patronage, but there is still room for improvement.  Keep up the awesome trajectory!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/4/2010,2/7/2011,131,243,3,3,4>We've been to Lam's before, but never for dim sum.  Since the close-call at Chan's, we wanted to see if there's an alternative choice available to us.  I'd say that, thus far, it looks promising.  We hit Lam's Garden on Father's Day, with a crowd gathered outside.  Turns out it only took a couple of minutes to get a table.  Some of our diners were like really DIGGING IN - we saw dinner fare going to a few neighboring tables.The tea is definitely superior to Chan's sludge, as are most of the dim sum dishes.  The har gaw, for instance, had a skin that was just a touch less fragile than Chan's; that means that it's still translucent and melt-in-your-mouth, but it no longer falls apart as your chop sticks get within 5 cm. of one.  The chicken claw was a little too spicy for my wife and son (I don't touch the stuff).  When they came around with the special on crab, we passed - what do you think are the odds that that baby kicked the bucket a little before noon, creating the opportunity for that $18.95 "deal"?  Staff was slightly disorganized, and I'm not that pleased that, unlike Chan's, most of their dim sums are "medium"-priced, as opposed to Chan's where most are "small"-priced.  We'll definitely have to revisit to firm up the 3 or possibly elevate it to a '4'?
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,2/6/2011,243,268,1,7,4>Massage is what many people believe to be an extravagant  luxury but, for me, they are a big part of what helps keep me going. Literally. I have MS (health.google.com/health…) and couple of the more hard to manage symptoms of this disease are muscle spasms and spasticity. Massage is quite meaningful to me and so the massage therapists who work at 39 Massage are important to me, too.Violet and Lisa are two wonderful LMT's who are both highly skilled at what they do and who you'd be remiss not to visit. Both provide a soothing, relaxing, relieving experience that I find to be truly pleasurable.Do yourself a big favor and check this place out-you shan't be disappointed.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,2/5/2011,94,54,3,10,7>I cannot gush enough about this hidden gem in South Orlando. I am a huge Karaoke aficionado and this place is so unique to most Karaoke spots. 8 rooms with different sizes are rented per hour with as little as 20 bucks an hour ( split among the people in the room is super cheap!). You can also purchase delish Korean treats and it is brought straight to your room, also plenty of Sake, Beer and drinks to purchase too. ( BEER, PLUM WINE and SAKE only). The best part? guaranteeing that you get to sing your favorite songs in front of your closest friends, it's like having a private party where you don't have to clean up! I went for my 25th bday and it was by far the best birthday yet! Highly recommend it!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,2/4/2011,70,106,12,8,4>The story you are about to read is true. This is citrus town, Dr Phillip, Florida. Named for the citrus magnate who once owned 5,000 acres of orange groves. My name is Alice, I wear a harness.November 7th, 2010 my assignment in Winter Garden, Florida continues. The human officers have allowed me time to scout a second Canine Recreation Facility at the Dr. Phillips Community Park. This is my after action review of that mission.This park has very little tree cover, but the lake north east allows clear views and cool breezes. This exercise yards is again segregated by size, so I passed the smaller troops on my way to the big yard. Access to the park is via cement paths a short trot from the transport staging area.The area is grass covered and only worn in a few areas. There are few human seating areas with no cover from the elements. The watering area is near the entrance gate.I must remember the time of year if I recon this park again. Colder months would require shorter time in the field without proper thermal equipment. The nearby water pulls body heat quicker than a dropped steak at a bar-b-que.The local squad seems to consist of younger troops, and discipline did become an issue twice during my visit. I would recommend an active security force for new recruits until more familiar.Final Summary:The Good: Cool breezes and grass covered exercise yardThe Bad: Can be cold in winter monthsThe Ugly: No shade or covered seating for humans.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/5/2013,221,378,10,12,9>I wasn't ready to give them the 5 banger because I LOVE me some Gee-yros!  I like to think of myself as Orlando's unofficial Gyro dork. *SELF PROCLAIMED*  They nailed it. Factors of a perfect gyro:1. Shaved meat off the spit. If it ain't shaved, it's a yeti. and A piece of crap.2. Nice char on the meat!  Gotta love the touch of crisp on a nice shaved lamb spit3. Perfect balance of onion, taziki, and meat4. Warm Pillowy Pita5. THE BONUS! THE KICKER!  The I CAN'T BELIEVE I ATE IT WITHOUT FETA BEFORE THIS DAY!  Feta cheese on it.  Get the Super Gyro(comes with feta)...  and dance with me!!!!! Opa!!!!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,4/4/2013,53,103,2,6,2>LOVE Gospel Brunch!!  I have never been to Bananas and NOT gone to brunch, so I can't really comment past that.Really-- drag queens singing gospel and being wholly inappropriate?  Count me in! (Don't bring your grandma or your kids though.. awkward!)  They aren't joking when they say reservations recommended though.The servers are fun (if a bit slow, but you just kind of have to expect that when you go, I think)... the food is standard diner-fare.  A bit greasy but tasty enough.  It's nothing special, but when you go to Bananas, you're paying for the atmosphere and the ambiance, not a gourmet meal.Fun place to hang out with pretty good food.  Can't complain!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/3/2013,1381,1517,,12,4>It is  a little tricky to find.  Just know if's right around the corner from the Cuban bistro.Now, some have written about their disappointment with the Yelp deal, however, my experience was seamless.I simply purchased my deal on the phone, and then let the server know I had it before I ordered.  She took my phone, showed it to someone else, and he then took my phone and headed off to the kitchen. . .Now, not sure about you, but I get nervous when people start handling my phone--especially if I cannot see them, but he came back and there was no issues with the deal.I ordered the desayuno special.  Everything was really tasty, especially the eggs and the queso.  A really healthy portion was served, along with an arepa.  And just for fun I also ordered cafe con leche. The server was really sweet, which I found amazing as the restaurant was really busy on my visit.This little shop has a few bonuses in my opinion:1.  Power outlets that run parallel to the wall2.  Free wifi3.  Pet friendly4.  Free immersion Spanish lessons5.   Human rights campaign sticker in their front window. . .Got to love it. . .
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,4/2/2013,9,51,3,6,7>Finally, after months of trying, we made it out to Oblivion. I'd been begging my friends to go every time we went to the dollar movies, and this time it actually panned out. Yay!First off, if you're a cider fan, for the love of god don't be like me and not realize there's a list of more than 40 ciders on the back page of the beer menu. I was too slow to notice that before I had already ordered. Next time I won't be so silly. Instead of bottled cider, I got two mini-pints (half price on any tap beer/cider they have, as many mini-pints as you want! Awesome!), one of the Woodchuck summer cider, and one of the Fruli strawberry. So good.For entrees, we had a Pretzel burger with Hawaiian raw garlic fries, and a Jalapeno burger with Old Bay tots. One of my favorite things at Oblivion is that they actually cook your burgers how you order them unlike most places - our burgers were perfectly medium and it was fantastic.The pretzel burger was sooo good, but as someone who doesn't even usually like mustard, I think it needed more of the mustard sauce - next time I order it, I'll get more on the side. My raw garlic fries were yummy, but the garlic is not evenly distributed, and while most of the fries were crispy and delicious, a handful of them were a little bit soggy. Not awful, just next time I'll try one of the other options.The jalapeno burger was good - at least the one bite I got of it was. My boyfriend loved it. His Old Bay tots were really yummy - the Old Bay was evenly distributed over all of them, and they were super crispy, but he thought the Old Bay flavor was a little overpowering when competing with the rest of his meal. Again, I think that's a personal preference thing.We also got 5 wings, since it was 75 cent wing night (Wednesdays) and we figured it was a good chance to try them. They were really juicy, with crispy skin, and pretty decently sized. The teriyaki sauce was really good, too.Service was super friendly, if not the fastest. I think that was the only real downside (besides the need for more mustard sauce on my burger and the raw garlic not being evenly distributed), and the fact that it's so far away from my house. Hopefully, by this time next year, we'll be regulars there! We'll definitely be back whenever we're on that side of town.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,4/1/2013,100,218,6,12,6>Scott Joseph has been praising Raga of late and I finally had a chance to find out whether Raga merits Scott's praise.  Indeed Raga does deserve all of the accolates it is receiving and anyone who likes Indian cuisine should make a point of visiting Raga soon.Up one rather long flight of stairs from the parking lot, Raga is located on Sand Lake Road in the space most recently occupied by Antonios.  The interior is a fusion of traditional Indian motifs and modern influences and the mix is extraordinarily appealing. I ordered a vegetarian curry that was full of very fresh and delicately prepared vegetables.  I could identify every vegetable's taste but the curry was still full of vibrant spice.My companion ordered a chicken tikka marsala which he declared to be the best he had had in Orlando.  It was creamy and full of large chunks of chicken.Well worth a visit.  Go once and you will go back again.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/31/2013,1539,171,4,10,7>This bar is located just up from the corner of 535 (Vineland Rd) and Polynesian Isle Blvd.  It is at the end of a strip center with a mosque that used to be a gas station on the other end (go figure).  It is a locals bar in the land of tourism.  Does everybody know your name? No, but a lot of them do and the bar staff certainly does,  Drink prices are cheap and there is darts and free pool tables. It is a sports bar with plenty of screens and a lot of good drink specials during the games.    The real gem here is the food.  They have the regular bar fare, but the fried stuff is lightly breaded and tasty.  They have stuffed burgers that are huge.  My favorite has Mushroom, Onion, Swiss, Jalapeno Cheddar, BBQ Bacon Cheddar inside the burger.  the big ones have to be at least a half a pound.  They also make a 1/4 pound one for smaller appetites.  They also have sandwiches, wraps, and seafood.  They have great priced special dinners on week nights.       They have Trivia Night on Mondays, Texas Hold Em Tournaments on Tuesday, karaoke on Wednesday, Bingo on Thursdays,  Free Buffet and Texas Hold Em on Friday and Pool Tournaments on Saturday.  Any time I go in there, there is some charity event that they are working on or raising money for.  This is a very community minded establishment and I like that.     On the strange facts side when you walk in there is an upside down Christmas tree bolted to the ceiling year round just inside the door and the sports trophy's ( some of them huge) that their teams have won over the years are bolted upside down to the ceiling of the main bar.Side note - You can smoke inside, but amazingly it is not that smokey
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/30/2013,35,131,,7,2>Best sushi in Orlando. Sorry, if Epcot, Amura, or Sushi Pop are your sushi digs of choice, just go there and leave the good sushi to the rest of us.Freshest fish, nicest chefs, excellent presentation, and temperature. If you appreciate good solid fish with small garnishes to accentuate the flavor, this is the spot. Salmon nigiri served with a sliver of onion or garlic, tuna with a sprig of fresh herbs, ah! Awesome! Some reviews are saying this is bland or bleh... You're joking, right? Are you comparing this to a half salt order of McD fries? Sushi is all about the fish and the rice, those nutso rolls and sauce are fun but not how I judge a place. Good sushi is simple, good rolls come from good fish, it's all about the base ingredients. Fish should be distinctive, not fishy, but distinctive - and have a good mouth feel and be served at an appropriate temperature. The flavors are delicate, not bland - a super processed food diet can ruin a palate for subtle flavor... that's the only thing I can think of when reading reviews calling this bland. I just don't agree.If you're an out of towner from the West Coast, you're in for a treat. Shin delivers at a comparable level to good San Francisco, Seattle, and Vancouver sushi - I know, I couldn't believe it myself while I was eating it. You won't be disappointed.I'd rate this in my top ten sushi experiences, and feel like I could trust them to serve good cuts of more exotic items. If geoduck pops up as a menu item, I'd eat it here.An excellent departure from the typical Orlando offerings. Go on an off night for the best experience - they were still half full on a Tuesday at 8:15, but I felt the presentation was better than on a packed Saturday night.Remember to thank your sushi chef for the meal ~
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,3/29/2013,24,69,,6,3>Any place that gives you a shot when the very loud train goes by is A-Ok in my bar book!Inhabiting the former Ethos locale, Hammered Lamb (the next brain child of Jason Lambert)  has both an indoor and outdoor area. The inside seems a tad boring, but considering they've been open just over a month, I imagine we'll see fun things emerge. We sat outside yesterday (Tuesday, 6:30-ish) 'cause it was a gorgeous day and the lake was still visible dressed in sunset colors. If you've never been there, the outside is a basically courtyard with a large awning. There's tropical foliage at your back when sitting at the bar...which is where we sat! Brilliantly, the view cannot be blocked by cars, as there's a bike rack in front.They have a full bar and a great bartender (Lindsey) After perusing their specialty drinks menu, I opted for a Melissa (Jack, sweet vermouth, spiced peaches). Normally served as a martini, I had it on the rocks...yum! Diving for spiced peaches was delightful ;) They have a limited food menu which we were told will be expanding soon; currently dips, quesadillas and sandwiches, three of each. Didn't have anything but all smelled delicious. They have a few TVs around showing whatever, so I got to play silent Jeopardy, yay for me :)I believe they have entertainment planned, just not sure when or what type. Facebook will shed some light on that, I'm sure. This place has awesome potential; the location is central to almost everything, the drinks are great, the convenience of a salon upstairs (ask for Shannon), and the chill atmosphere of the place will reel us back in...and next time we'll bring friends! Just come after 4PM
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/28/2013,81,191,,5,3>From the outside, this place will look like nothing impressive. It's on 192 in a strip mall. The inside however was very clean and well kept. The tables were clean, the floors looked recently mopped and the employees quickly cleaned up after other patrons left. This was my first experience with Mediterranean cuisine. I tried a portion of Babaghanouj with pita bread, the small order of falafel and chicken tika sandwich. The Babaghanouj was pretty tasty. It is definitely something that was different from what I was used to. I wish I knew what to compare it to but it is a completely different taste that is worth trying. The falafel had a great and full of flavor with a seasoned green color- Crushed chick peas mixed with parsley, spices, and fried in vegetable oil. The chicken tika was great. It is spicy and full of flavor. It has a hint of a creamy flavor to it with the sauce that is on it but with a full rich charbroiled flavor from the chicken tika. Service was great, they are a Pepsi fountain drink establishment unfortunately but they do offer Coke products available by the can. There is also a great selection of other beverages such as water, juices and other sodas. Overall, this place is great and small. Worth checking out if you like Mediterranean cuisine.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/27/2013,177,70,,3,4>I don't know what it is about this restaurant, but I just love it!The restaurant itself is a cute little spot for a nice cozy feel whether you're dining for two or when you're bring along the whole extended family.  ALthough, you may want to call in advance since the room is a little small, hence cozy.The prices are reasonable considering they are located on International Dr. and the portions are even better.  The past couple of times I've gone there I've ordered their Rotisserie Chicken, the Chaufa Rice (Peruvian Style Fried Rice) and the Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) and I'm satisfied everytime I go.  But let's be honest, it's all about their chicken!  Their rotisserie chicken is just ridiculously full of juicy flavor!  A while back ago I took my sister-in-law here when she came to visit, and she's said of all the Peruvian restaurants she's been too, this place was legit!  And she's Peruvian!  Needless to say, whenever I'm in the mood for some good, cozy cooking, Pio Pio is definitely on the top of my list.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,3/6/2013,108,688,,7,4>I'm not very familiar with the East side of Orlando having lived downtown the entirety of my time in Florida.  So when my husband and I were trying to find our way back to I4 one Sunday afternoon, I was extremely happy to have stumbled upon a shopping plaza that included this wonderful Gourmet shop.  It's not a very big space but where they lack in square footage they make up for in quality, variety and delicious fresh foods.  Their soups, kabobs, stuffed chicken breasts and selection of desserts are exceptional.  We went in just wanting to look and would buying food for the whole week.  They don't have an extensive produce department but their deli and dry goods are worthy enough of a trip in.  And it almost makes it more fun that this place is off the beaten path.  Stores like this are rare and but when you find a good one like Cavallari's it reminds you that bigger is not always better.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,3/5/2013,68,130,2,3,2>Just wow.  I had heard that Pom Pom's gets their deliveries from here, so I figured, why not go to the source?  After all, its walkable from home.What a cool little place to stroll to and grab coffee and a treat.  I will have to say, after trying the varieties other than their cupcakes, I might be hooked on those now.  The huge brownies that they make are out of this world,  especially when you take them home and take them for a 15 second spin in the microwave.Great gifts and knick knacks in the store as well, great friendly service, always fun to pay a visit there.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/4/2013,20,60,7,3,3>Thanks to Yelp, I had lunch at Thai Island today. I was really hungry so, on a whim, I asked the very friendly mature server/owner if they had any duck dishes, like Ginger Duck. She said yes, on the dinner menu - but then said she would make it for me for lunch! Game on!   First I ordered Tom Kha Gai, which was every bit as good as Yelpers claim. I ordered it "medium" hot, which was perfect for me. The first bite was too spicy, but the third was just right.  The Ginger Duck was outstanding. They remove the bones before cooking and add a little breading to make it even crispier.   I enjoyed speaking with the waitress/owner. She complained the strip mall wouldn't give her space for a sign, so people keep missing it. She said many people come to the restaurant because of the internet.   I said she could hire me as a sign-spinner but since I am 66 and disabled and circumferencially enhanced, I would need a chair and would probably fall asleep and drop the sign but then people might think I was a dead man in a chair.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/3/2013,112,206,,13,1>Ended up at the Celt because I was craving a meat pie, and The Claddagh Cottage wasn't open yet.  Didn't realize they are basically owned by the same folks!  Great atmosphere and great service, it felt truly authentic.I ordered a cider and the chicken and mushroom pie.  The flaky crust was like and inch above the bowl, it was delish!  They have a decent menu to choose from.  I've never been to Harp side, can't wait to try it out.   I'm not Irish, but the folks around me were.  Its comforting knowing the true Irish know where to come get the real food.  :-)
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/2/2013,243,268,8,6,2>Sister Honey's Coconut Cream pie is the the best coconut cream pie I've have in...EVER. @ $3.99 for a huge slice, it is a bar-GAIN!The crust is amazingly flaky, with coconut and almond in it, BUT the best part is the milk chocolate COATING over the crust, under the filling!I almost couldn't keep my eyes open while I ate it, it was so damn good. That filling is perfect, too. Perfectly rich with coconut flavor, thick, luxurious, topped with whipped cream and toasted coconut.Ah. Ma. Ga. I cannot continue...the flashbacks...it's like positive PTSD...I need...the pie...Help. Please send pie.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/1/2013,98,217,4,5,4>Awesome! Love this little gem. I always get my local honey here and other nick-nacks. They have a great variety of local goodies and the prices are very good. You can also get some wine and Lamb! I just love stopping here and picking some stuff for the house. Stop by and check it out!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2012,2/28/2013,293,472,2,4,5>Lots of video games, Frogger, Centipede, Galaga, Donkey Kong, Space Invaders, Pac-man, Ms. Pac-man(broken on my visit), Missile Command.The beer selection is mostly craft I believe all bottles and the prices are a little high $5-$6They have art on the walls, atmosphere is clean and pleasantOut in the back parking lot they often have Fish Out of Water Sushi truck.It's no Barcade but it will do for Orlando.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,2/27/2013,197,592,4,12,6>At the time of my visit I saw nothing but 5-star reviews for Yuki Hana.  My inner skeptic wasn't sure about that -- but a 5-star review from Lisa W. means something, so it's time to check it out.The restaurant is nicely decorated with some unique light fixtures and an overall clean appearance. The staff that we dealt with all seemed to be very friendly, including our waiter who was quick to refill glasses and remove unused plates from the table (something that happens frequently here, since each roll of sushi is presented on a separate plate).We started with the Ahi Poki appetizer (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/yuki… ), which in one form or another is always at the top of our list of favorite appetizers.  Yuki Hana's version didn't disappoint -- in fact, in our minds it was every bit as good as the best variation we've ever had (the Ahi Poke Tacos at the Monkeypod Kitchen in Kihei, Hawaii). The clean, fresh flavor of the tuna with just a hint of sesame oil and shirachi sauce really melds nicely with the avocado and the crunchy wonton base was just perfect.  Three of these per order meant that we were figuring out how to split the last one.  I'll be surprised if we can make it through any return visits without ordering this appetizer.We ordered four rolls for dinner, not really knowing if we were ordering too much because we hadn't yet seen how big they are here.  It turned out to be the right amount, although with four rolls to split, we could have skipped the appetizer (but as I said, that will probably never happen).Salmon Madness roll (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/yuki… ): if you're a fan of salmon, this is probably the roll for you.  Spicy salmon inside and more salmon on top, with avocado, a little cream cheese (but thankfully not too much), eel sauce and a few other ingredients.  Small bits of crispy salmon skin are drizzled on the top for a little surprise crunch.Vietnamese Sashimi roll (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/yuki… ) : Several types of fish come together here with some spring mix greens and a sesame vinaigrette that adds a bit of tartness to the roll, which is wrapped in thin rice paper rather than rice and seaweed.Mega Power roll (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/yuki… ): an interesting combination of tuna, imitation crab, and avocado with a little sweetness due to mango and drizzled eel sauce.France sushi (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/yuki… ): Possibly the most complex roll of the four we tried, this one was a mixture of tuna, salmon, avocado, blue crab, with a host of additional ingredients. Happily, while it was larger and a bit more difficult to eat than the others, it maintained its unique, un-muddled flavors. Strangely, this one was presented surrounding a color-shifting light.Everything we had was delicious. Normally we'd talk briefly about which was our favorite and least favorite, but neither of us were really able to come up with anything negative about any of them.  I'm excited about Yuki Hana -- I can't wait to see what else they can do.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/26/2013,114,170,,5,4>I can't say enough about the staff, they truly make you and your pet feel loved every visit. They are super friendly, make you feel like family, and I have noticed over the years that they have a very low turnover rate when it comes to their staff, they all seem to stay for a long time.My family has been bringing their animals here for years and when I adopted my first dog a little over a year ago there was no doubt as to where I would bring her. In my experience the doctors are very knowledgeable, willing to answer any and all questions, and are not quick to recommend something unless they truly believe it is the right direction to take.FUN  FACT: They have a website portal where you can keep track of your pet's vaccine history and get reminders sent to your email. You can even schedule visits from the site as well.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,2/25/2013,136,98,,6,3>I had a great night!  Had never been here before, a local band, The Legendary JCs, had posted on their fb page that they were playing there tonight, so I decided to jump in the car to head over. I had already eaten dinner and just wanted to hear the music. First, I called to make sure the band was playing. The guy who answered said they were playing. I asked if there was a cover charge to get in and he said "No Never! Ever! And too many drink specials to list, so get your a$$ down here!". I went. I had a couple of beers an decided to try their menu. The menu is short and sweet. I had 2 sloppy pork tacos. I wish I hadn't eaten before I came because I would have liked to eaten more. The tacos were great. Good shredded pork fresh salsa queso and just enough heat to leave your lips tingling. Very attentive staff. Owner came over and chatted. They have music a couple of times a month. I'm going to follow their fb. Nice inexpensive night out w music a few drinks and good food. Hoping it works out as a fav local bar. Looks like 3 storefronts in a strip mall put together. It's got booths, tables, high tops and a decent size bar. I'm def going back.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,5/27/2011,363,344,,5,3>A DEFINITE 5 star experience on mother's day! I called in the previous night to make 7 o'clock reservations for mother's day.  The family comes strolling in at 7pm. The majority of tables outside of Anatolia are occupied on this beautiful May evening, and it seemed every other table was soaking in the evening with a glass of wine.  I'd be lying if I said I wasn't surprised to see the place so busy.  We walked in and after a few moments we were greeted by a friendly gentleman.  I informed the host of our reservation and we had our pick of a a few tables that had reservation signs on them.  After being seated and given water, I decided to follow a friends advice and get the Lavas (Pronounced Lavash) which is fresh oven baked bread, along with some Babagannus  (mashed char-grilled eggplant with herbs and spices).   Boy was I glad I did.  The lavas came out hot and fresh with a drizzle of olive oil in the center of it. Combined with the babagannus, this made for a healthy/ exceptionally delicious appetizer.  Mom ordered the fried calamari and was very pleased with her appetizer as well.  She surprisingly echoed the sentiment of a previous review stating that it was surprisingly fresh and delicious. For the main course I decided on the Beyti Kebab, which is spiced lamb wrapped in pita, cut into sections and drizzled with a yogurt/garlic/tomato sauce.  The plate came with chargrilled vegetables, rice and potatoes.  Can you say FLAVORFUL?  This may just hold true to all Turkish cuisine, but the Beyti Kebab was SO delicious!  The bold blend of spices complimented the lamb so well that I was sold after the very FIRST BITE.  Everything was washed down with some Snap Dragon wine and to be honest, I don't think I could have asked for a better evening.  Mom was happy, I was happy, everybody was happy. Special thanks to Anatolia for giving me somewhere new to rant about! :D
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,5/26/2011,192,199,2,12,6>What a great concept. Combining the best of Asian street fare with modern and fresh ingredients all in on place. The hubs and I stopped here today after noticing it was a new place and looked interesting. The idea of street fare peaked our interest. We were not disappointed! There are so many items to choose from, all served tapas style. So you can order a couple things for yourself or order a bunch of things for the table to share.We tried the Five Spice Hawkers Fries, the Fried Green Beans, Curry Mashed Potatoes, Five Spice Fish Tacos, and Vegetarian Spring Rolls. it was all very good, but my favorite was the spring rolls. They were sooo flavorful, and the owner Alan assured us they were made when the order was placed, and not sooner (including the wrapper). Very impressive. Aaron's favorite item was the fish tacos. The plate came with two tacos, a lime and some seasoned tomatoes. Everything is made when you order and comes to the table as it's ready, which I love.I am unfortunately getting over a cold, so I couldn't quite taste all of the deliciousness, but we will for sure be back. I'm very excited about this place and look forward to becoming a regular.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,5/25/2011,40,49,4,3,2>Great place. As with any Brazilian style Rodizio (or steakhouse) the more people that are dinning, the less attention / rotation of cuts you will get.If you go during the week, is not only cheaper, but a lot better, quieter and fulfilling. The meats are of excellent quality, and selection.  The sides are phenomenal too, it is a small restaurant though so space is tricky going thru tables and people to the buffet side, but then again - YOU'RE NOT THERE FOR THE SIDES!!!  you need to steer clear off those and eat as much meat as possible.They offer a "prime sirloin" cut which is one of the most amazing cuts of meat i've had.  They do season their beef heavily, or should i say heavenly. So expect salt and high amounts of sodium.  This is not a place to stick to your diet, or bring your vegan friends. This is a carnivore's paradise where you awaken every single of your carnivore instincts, in the most primitive, blood thirsty ways.I took out one star because they don't offer a wheel chair services to the parking lot - which is a must after eating all that meat.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,5/24/2011,209,208,1,4,3>My friends and I always judge a new Mexican place by it's chips and salsa... this place passed!Great for some happy hour fun!  Wednesday's buy a Corona (light) and get a shot of Cuervo.. can't beat that..  Service was really nice, not too in your face or unavailable.  Food was good, it's hard to go wrong with tacos.  The empanadas are WONDERFUL!   Start your Wednesday night here then meet me after at One Eyed Jacks for some tipsy trivia =P
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,5/23/2011,188,226,4,6,8>John Rivers has done it again!  Four Rivers Smokehouse has opened their second place in Winter Garden and its bigger and just as good as the first one in Winter Park.  I have been watching them remodel an old Mexican place that has sat empty for years and it looks like they have learned from their mistakes.  They have a larger cooking area, a larger indoor seating area and an even larger outdoor seating area.  They also installed a drive thru and have a special counter inside just for call ahead orders to pick up. I follow them on Facebook and they said they were opening on Friday but yesterday when I drove by, I noticed cars outside and people eating!  So I stopped in today and soon found out that they are doing a 'soft opening'.  I waited about 40 min on line to order food... and this is before the official opening and without any formal announcements or ads.  When I left, the line was even longer and was now outside the building. We ordered two of their basic Angus Brisket Sandwiches and 4 sides (two per sandwich), Mac and cheese, Green Beans, Sweet Potato casserole, and fried pickles!  Everything was just as great as I remember from Winter Park! We also enjoyed a couple of root beers!  Yum-o!There are many different types of BBQ here in Central Florida and my dinner partner and I talked about all of them and how Four Rivers compares to all of them.  We have three types... cheap, everyday, and gourmet.  Four Rivers is the best when it comes to everyday BBQ.  I could eat this everyday.  I used to have to drive across town to get food this good.... now I can take a 10 min walk from my house to this location!  I have a feeling my diet is ruined.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,5/22/2011,304,661,2,8,11>K's is an amazing place to eat.  Period. Food is locally sourced when possible, Kevin's creativity in the kitchen is spectacular. Menu rotates on some items- I hope they *never* take the fried green tomato crab stack of the menu. Husband loves the Porcini dusted filet.  Great wine list. Nice to dine as a couple, a double date, a large group, a girls night out. Service is always spot on.K's wine dinners are wonderful and wine events in the garden are great- be sure to book a reservation in advance for dinner as it's always crowded.  We've enjoyed several NYE dinners, the coursed meal is always spectacular and the offered wine pairings are delish. If you are a fan of Italian, the Feast of the Fonzo (summer/fall?) is legendary and sells out months in advance. Carnivores dream. ;)Important to note that several pics posted here are of the Original K location at Edgewater and Princeton. K's moved in 3/2010 to the former Nonna Trattoria ed Enoteca location, a free standing building that looks like a house. Nonna's was the sister (or G'ma) restaurant to K's. *The new/current K location is still on Edgewater Drive, but down by the post office which is south of Princeton intersection (former location) and a few blocks south of the Publix. Happily, they still serve some of the Nonna items on the current K menu. The current location offers outdoor seating on the porch. Book reservations for dinner, to be sure you get a spot.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,5/21/2011,1381,1517,3,4,5>So if you're going to have a restaurant, why not make it fun? Make it light, airy fairy, magical, and enchanting, with just a little scary in it. And with this thought, a spooky black cat walks in. . . I was surprised to see the Greek mythology lesson on my place mat, but enjoyed it very much, in addition to the Buddha wall and the endless array of art, color and texture all throughout. On to the food. . .the tour of India is quite amazing. Hot spices that blend perfectly for a delicious treat. . .don't forget the milk if you order this one! The vegan pizza was just OK, until you add some special sauce that kicks it up a notch. Service is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. . . There is actually a cat named Spooky. . .and it seems a resident black dog. Friendly with no shame at all, sprawled out on its back waiting for the next person to pet it. Spooky cat is a feast for your all your senses, not just taste--a cozy comfy place that really is a must try.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,5/20/2011,114,90,4,7,5>Just did lunch there today around noon and im still full. The service was kind of hectic at lunch rush, the owner and server were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. However they were very friendly and were trying very hard to make everyone happy. The food was excellent. This was my first time there but my sister and mom ate there recently and also said it was good. I ordered the spicy pork kalbi bento box and my sister ordered the dolsot bibimbap, both were really good, fresh ingredients. I ordered the pork medium spicy and it was not spicy at all and we just ordered the spicy bean paste/sauce for the dolsot bibimbap, which you can adjust to your heat tolerance.The kimchi was very fresh, not very fermented which is how i like it, not as sour as I like it, but also no hint of fish or seafood either which is a plus from my point of view. More than half the restaurant was filled with Korean speaking people. It was packed with a line out the door. This is the only korean restaurant in Oviedo as far as I know so you might want to try it when its not so busy, after lunch or late dinner. Also the parking was a pain at lunch time, there were no parking spots left, I ended up parking in the fire lane on the side of the building and my sister parked at the bank in the back. This is really the only drawback of being in such a small plaza. Overall great experience, authentic menu, and good tasting food. The service left a little to be desired but its expected for a restaurant that is so new. I hope they do well in the future. I will continue to patronage this establishment and watch them grow.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,5/19/2011,210,167,4,7,3>Logan's Bistro had me at a "fried green tomato sandwich with pesto and applewood smoked bacon with AMAZING potato salad." It was yum to the max. The service was kickin' and the 2 for 1 mimosas sealed the deal!Oddly, I have lived around the corner from Logan's for 5 years and have never tried it. HELLO! I will definitely be back. P.S. A special thanks to the cook at Logan's for serving crispy bacon on the first try!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/18/2011,47,83,12,8,7>'Ferrow' Yelpers,This past weekend I decided to take my wonderful Girlfriend to Dragonfly.  I had been at this place before but the previous company comes up very short to the current company (see the beauty in my photos).Enough "white-knighting" though and onto the review...After parking in the most ridiculous garage in Orlando we made our way to this restaurant which up until recently only had one location in Gainesville (I think).Upon entering we were told there was a 20-25 minute wait for a table for two.  This was more than okay because there is an awesome lounge area for patrons to socialize while they wait (or make out like we did, high school style).  There was quite an interesting mix of people that night at this location, frat-boy galore and an entire manicure salon amongst other stand-outs.We were sat in a cozy two seater right next to the sushi bar (see my photos).  We were welcomed by a waiter who did not enunciate very well which meant I had to utilize my amazing lip reading skills, which clearly lack in the area of reading actual moving lips.My love and I ordered some Saketinis (see my photos) to start off the night.  That is a Martini consisting of Sake for those who are, well, idiots.  We ordered the Bonzai Saketini and the Cucumber Compulsion Martini.  Both drinks were very refreshing and tasted really good.  The Bonzai had a prune dropped at the very bottom of the drink adding a distinct taste and the Cucumber Compulsion had well, a slice of cucumber in some vodka which made the drink very refreshing (Thanks Colleen for the recommendation to my girlfriend!).  Unfortunately when the cucumber hit my mouth I was disgusted (No offense Colleen).The ambiance here was very nice and I even told my girlfriend that some of the decor would look good in a bedroom.  Yes, it was a sexy decor, and yes, I am very sexy.We then ordered the Risotto, the Crunch Roll, the Lava Roll and the Smoked Eel (see my photos).  The Risotto was probably one of the best I have ever had aside from the Risotto I ate at a five star hotel in Berlin last year.  My girlfriend L-O-V-E-D the risotto and said she'd come back just for that.  The Crunch roll was extremely good, and just as the name implies...prepare for the obvious...captain obvious...it was crunchy.  I also recommend the Lava Roll which comes topped off with Scallops.  These were all very well put together and very good.  Finally, the Smoked Eel decided to show up late to the party.  It was like that self-important snob who wants to make an entrance and falls short of impressing others.  It tasted good but when I saw its price, it immediately tasted like caca, poop, dookie or a variation thereof.  All pomp, zero circumstance.Overall, I was very satisfied with this dinner. Nay, extremely satisfied and probably will return here often.  It was a great meal, everything tasted great (yes, even the Eel, I was just being cheap).  Go here and have a wonderful evening!!  Ladies Night on Saturdays!! Dewa mata!!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,5/19/2014,23,12,11,6,7>Ah Matador. You Dark, Dirty, Sexy thing you. After a few good years down town you got clever and pulled out. Now I've found you again. Gallivanting with the wine lovers and the Miami fans. I ain't even mad. Your closer and I think a bit sexier. Although you're a bit slow this time around... Ah who am I kidding. You were slow to begin with. Still, you are a sexy beast and I love it when I and all my friends are inside you.Glad to see you kept the Pool table.  You even picked up some Darts :DGIN AND TONIC on tap! Yes please.  Last time I was in, you were making some mad crazy Old Fashions too! Parking in the back fills up quick but that's cool.  We can park down the street a bit and you got that bike rack right outside :) I'm digg'n your new spot and you'll be get'n my dollars ere other night or so.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,5/18/2014,323,572,,8,6>Great place to get your Vietnamese fix!We decided to stop here recently for the first time in several years living here. We usually go to Anh Hong but decided to give this place a try. So glad we did.Parking is easily accessible in the lot behind the building and you can enter through the back door. We were instantly greeted and brought to a table . This was a nice change from standing for several minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge us.  The place is spacious and very clean. Our waitress was pleasant and brought our food out rather quickly. We ended up getting orders of the fried spring rolls and summer rolls. Fantastic! I could eat those for days! I went with the rice vermicelli bowl with sautéed chicken and my husband ordered the rice plate with grilled pork and egg. Our meals were delicious and so filling. We barely spoke because we were so busy enjoying our food.  Also got a fresh limeade which was refreshing.I did like that they automatically had all utensils including forks on the table. Especially because not everyone uses chopsticks. It's always a pain getting ready to eat your meal only to realize there isn't a fork in sight. This place eliminates that issue for us!I love how quickly we got our check without having to track down our waitress and that she actually came back and processed our payment in a speedy manner.Definitely coming back here and you should too!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/17/2014,114,170,2,6,2>What a great hole in the wall sushi spot.I love that they always give you a small appetizer for free as soon as you sit down, an under utilized idea, especially unheard of at a sushi restaurant. Everyone expects chips and salsa at a Mexican place and some bread perhaps at a steakhouse or Italian restaurant but this was the first and only time I've ever been offered such at a Sushi spot.They have a wide variety of rolls and entrees including Hibachi style dishes. The prices are reasonable and it is easily my favorite Sushi restaurant in Clermont.FUN FACT: You know how they end the meal? Exactly how they started it, with a free treat. This time a perfectly sliced orange covered in what I believe is honey and sesame seeds....equally odd and delicious
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,5/16/2014,151,345,2,5,3>This place is great to spend some girl time, sip some tea and have some delicious food. The tea room is a cozy and intimate with cute decor. My bridal shower was thrown here and I had a wonderful time!Get the tier of food with scones, desserts and sandwiches! Everything was tasty! You work your way from the bottom to the top. We had cucumber, egg salad and turkey,cranberry sandwiches. They were yum. Next there was sweets with marble cake, jam cookies, checkered almond cake (a goody!) and butterfly cakes (the best!) The scones were amazing which comes with fresh jam and cream. The ladies at the tea room are very knowledgable and know what they are talking about! And the tea! Can't forget the tea, that is served in a classic and beautiful tea pot and tea cups. Green tea with ginger and peach was my fav. By the end of it, I probably had too much tea and was on a caffeine high lolDefinitely will come here again!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,5/15/2014,175,93,6,8,8>After getting a hearty thumbs up from a trusted associate I stopped in to grab some takeout a week and a half ago.  When I walked in, I couldn't help but grin from ear to ear.  The owners certainly saved on paint and decor, but I wasn't looking for an ultra modern take on Mexican food, and in all honesty, this reminded of the Mexican run restaurants that I love in Arizona and Texas.  Greeted by a woman who's English was about as good as my Spanish, I ordered a smorgasbord to take back for everyone at work.  The chips were fresh, nothing store bought here!  Avocados were cut when my order for guacamole was placed.  That's awesome!  The pork tacos were awesome.  Carnitas, Pibil and Pastor were spot on.  Border Grill is now also one of my favorite places to get Lingua (tongue) tacos as well.  I love my tacos California style, protein, onion and cilantro, and Border Grill recommends their tacos be served that way.  My only complaint is that some of the tacos were a little dry, but damn, even the dry ones were still delicious.  I might have to head back this week.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/14/2014,78,166,4,13,6>I really, really, really hope that this bakery can escape the restaurant curse that seems to exist in this shopping center.  They've only been open a week, yet there don't seem to be any apparent new restaurant kinks.  The bakery is quaint, but it does have a small seating area and an intriguing menu.  The cupcakes in the case looked very decadent and the drink menu has many varied choices I'd love to sample, but today I left with a loaf of 'soft bread,' which was recommended to me by the cashier, and a sampling of macarons.  I'm a macaron snob.  I sampled them for the first time in Paris - and fell in love.  Not only have I sampled them all over Orlando (My French Cafe, Epcot, Le Macaron, Chewy Boba, etc.), I've also attempted to make them at home.  I have not had a single macaron from a Florida establishment that I've found worthy of the calories, until today.  I have no idea if they make them in house or if they are shipped - but these were delicious.  Not Laduree, but the closest I've tasted - and for that I'm happy!  The bread was awesome too - soft and sweet - it made an excellent sandwich.If everything else on their menu was as impressive of what I sampled today, then this place is truly something special.  I can't wait to go back and try more.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/13/2014,68,130,4,6,4>Two words..........Ham Jam (Pimento Cheese as its called on the menu, but they should call it Ham Jam, LOL).  Sure, you'll drink 2 gallons of water by the time you go to bed, but let me tell you.  WOW.Met a friend here to just have drinks and snacks, not a full-blown meal of any kind.  So we sat around, ordering from the appetizer menu and beer menu.  Snack menu items:Pimento Cheese - I think I mentioned the ham jam.....right?Fried pickles - Good! (They were in spears and not the discs like you normally see, not quite as crispy/crunchy but still very very good).Southern Rockefeller - Other people in the party loved them, I'm weird on raw oysters so I can't come down on either side.Crab Toast - Tasty as well.  Love crunchy bread.The menus constantly change so hopefully these are still on the menu.    The beer menu was also impressive, but for the life of me I can't remember the beers.  I know that the majority of them were all $5, and all craft beer types ranging in ABV from 5% to 10% so quite the variety.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/12/2014,1381,1517,13,18,14>Wow, what an amazing, relaxing space!! The energy here is comforting, welcoming, and restorative.Crystals, incense, herbs, teas, JEWELRY, candles, oracle cards. Sage and much more.  I especially appreciate the small sizes of essential oils as I travel constantly and its great to have for baths.Classes and events are scheduled here, so lots of fun opportunities.Great relaxing place for spiritual renewal.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/11/2014,53,212,2,3,2>The trailhead off Snow Hill Rd. is my entrance to the Flagler Trail through Little Big Econ. There is free parking here. It is beautiful, especially on summer evenings, when the dense foliage provide cover from the sun and the breeze blows through gently. But don't get stuck in there after dark. There are a LOT of critters around. Everything from armadillo to spiders to snakes to cranes can be found among the forest plants. I also love morning hikes, when the dew is fresh.The trail itself is mostly sandy, but firms up as you go along. There are some benches along the way to mark turnarounds and for resting spots if you need them. The path is pretty narrow in places, where only one person can pass at a time. There are several offshoots, but I'm a big chicken, so I prefer to stay on the main path. If you want, you can go for up to 10 miles. The trail does flood in some parts where the river is over the banks, but in three years, I've seen that happen exactly once. Take bug spray, especially during tick season.I am convinced that all of the nicest people in Florida are on this trail. It's full of runners, hikers/walkers, and bikers all day every day. People are polite and look out for one another.Enjoy this hidden beauty!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/10/2014,143,73,4,8,5>We came here for my birthday! It was so so so good. Might be the best Korean restaurant I've been to. We did the Korean BBQ option where you cook your own food on the grill. I like that the spaces / tables here have more privacy than most restaurants. The staff was very helpful and attentive. Even gave us some great cooking tips!We turned to Yelp to see which types of meat we wanted to get. Everyone suggested the bulgolgi and the LA galbi ribs so we ordered that first. The flavor was perfect! You also get the typical side dishes and rice. Everything turned out great. It was just the two of us but we were so full from these two meat orders.I LOVE their seafood pancake! It's full of different types of seafood and their sauce is homemade and compliments the pancake very well. I was also very happy to hear that they serve barley tea! I love barley tea and drinking it while eating the KBBQ was a perfect combo.Definitely coming back & can't wait to try the other dishes!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,12/14/2011,48,286,2,5,3>Kidlet decided to let me stop by for my coffee fix this afternoon...Ordered the special of the day, The Tantric Mayan- a cinnamony, chocolately, coffee delight.  For me, a big win would have been just a pinch of cayenne in there too... A HUGE score for us were the gluten free treats offered, so we indulged in a chocolate chip cookie & a chocolate chip cookie bar.  Both were scrumptious!Had planned on a to go order, but kidlet spotted the board games and plopped herself down to "play" a few.  We played several "6 year old" versions of Clue & Chess...  It was a relaxing time and she commented several times that she'd like to come back!Drawback on the games though... most every one of them had most or all the pieces missing, so if you're interested in actually playing a game, might want to bring your own! This coffee "bar" makes me wish we still lived on that side of town.  It's a laid back and comfortable place to chill out!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,12/13/2011,47,47,5,7,6>Yummy yummy yummy I have soup in my tummy.  I still have yet to move past the pho and go into the rest of the menu, but I have it on good authority of my foodie friends that the menu is good.  Honestly, they give you a lot of bang for your little bucks.  A regular soup is pretty huge. Take it from me, DO NOT order a large unless you want to be eating soup for a few days. I just love their broths, and the fresh jalapenos, cilantro, lime and kale they bring out for your soup to add in.  Also, they give you a little bowl of the wonderful fish sauce that gives it that authentic zing. You want meat? They got lots of meat and are really generous with the add ins. I'm normally not a tripe fan, but I will get it here. It's clean and tastes great in the broth.  The menu here is ginormous, and a little daunting. I'm honestly cheating myself by not trying the rest of they menu, but I can't help myself. The Pho is too damn good here.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,12/12/2011,209,153,13,5,4>Whilst dining, the manager came over to our table and asked if we would mind terribly if he changed the music. We said no. He asked if we would mind Three Six Mafia's "Slob on my Knob." This is a valid question as some may have a problem with that song, given the derogatory lyrics and general offensive subject matter. I happen to know every word to that song. And so we said no. And thus, my two best girlfriends and I listened to "Slob on my Knob" while eating dinner and drinking bloody Mary's on a Saturday evening as drag queens paraded in to serve the late shift. This might be the most amazing diner in the entire world.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,12/11/2011,90,295,5,11,2>I usually don't eat out when it comes to Chinese food, but I definitely will make an exception for Kim Wu any time! Love their lunch buffet, VERY GOOD QUALITY American Chinese Buffet Lunch Food, ISO 9000 approved, they must got some Black Belt Chef back there with Lean Six SIgma Excellence everywhere on his resume!I absolutely love their sesame chicken, SO YUMMY and deliver this satisfying sensational jolt to all of my senses, their shrimp also do the same thing, the rice, the yummy lo-mein, mushroooms woohoo, it's a wild ride @ Kim Wu!!The service is great too, the owners are always friendly, their staff are very attentive and constantly take away plates and make sure glass's full of water. This restaurant has been around 20+ years in Orlando for an obvious good reason, a food temple that you get worshipped and showered with best yummy American Chinese Food.I can't wait to go back and take more co-workers/friends there. Forget about PF Chang, Pei-Wai whatever..this is a must-to visit Chinese restaurant in Orlando, I highly recommend their lunch buffet.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,12/10/2011,223,368,2,6,3>I'm kinda a snob when it comes to Cuban Food.  Basically, it has to taste as good (if not better) than what my mom makes.  Fortunately, I was very impressed with Havana's!  I ordered the Ropa Vieja, and it was extremely tasty and well-cooked.  The portion was pretty large and included white or yellow rice, maduros (fried plantains), and black or red beans.  It's really enough to make two meals out of.My friend had the bistec de palomilla and it was MASSIVE.  Literally as big as the plate.  Another friend ordered the mofongo and said it was equally delicious.My only gripe was the price... I found it a little on the high end.  The seafood mofongo, for example, was $25 bucks.  I might just be spoiled though because on the east side of town, I know a "grease truck" where you can get a pile of mofongo for under 10 bucks.  Just sayin'.The service was pretty good and our waiter was cute and had the best accent ever!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,12/9/2011,148,339,3,7,6>This is seriously starting to become one of my favorite places to hang out. The only reason why it can never be my ultimate favorite is the lack of actual food (unless you order pizza from The Social Chameleon next door). My world somehow revolves around both food and drinks - can't just do one or the other.Anyway, The Milk Bar...(1) Is Pretty Small - so go early if you're going with a bunch of people, but I heard from the guy there that they plan on adding more tables and chairs (yay!)(2) Has Art On The Walls That You Can Buy - so far, it's been the pretty cool stuff...so cool that if I had money, I'd already buy some.(3) Has Friendly And Knowledgable Bartenders - feel free to ask them for suggestions if you wanna try something new or not too familiar with beers/wines.(4) Has Board Games Galore - try playing CLUE while drinking.(5) Is Smoke Free - I think that alone is worth 2 stars in my book.But like someone else has said, it kind of lacks an outdoor area because it would actually be pretty cool to be able to chill outside and enjoy the nice weather here in Central Florida.The Milk Bar has definitely been added to the list of places that I'll rattle off when a friend asks if we wanna catch up over a few drinks. =)
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,12/8/2011,115,241,12,7,6>Fairvilla is the most fun you can have with your clothes on without getting arrested. A huge two story building full of porn... what's not to love? I think the best part about this store is that they have a lady who could be my mom walking around making recommendations and testing batteries for you.Love this place because it is a far cry from the skankorific porn shops I used to have to shop in before I moved here... don't judge, you do it too!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,12/7/2011,206,163,4,8,7>I was sooo eager to check out this place and thank goodness for Yelp because I would have never found the location on my own. It's in a strip mall which doesn't look like much on the outside but when you walk through the door, you see the classic look of an order-it-yourself and pick-it-up-from-the-counter-yourself look as you walk in. Tables and chairs all of which can be moved in case you're with a larger group and not to mention, a filled place, wall-to-wall with people and standing room only. (Must have been a busy day??) But the smell was classic. Everything you could imagine smelling from a flat top. The fragrance of onions, beef, shrooms and peppers luring your nose to the counter. I loved seeing the menu hang above and as we waited, we creepily glanced through other peoples plates to see who scored the better cheese-steak. (What can I say, I have no shame casing out what you have on your plate!!) :PFinally, we got our food and.....wooops!! Did I just dive into my sandwich without taking a pic of it first?!? Shame on me!!! BUT, I couldn't help it!! It looked soooo good piled high with the ribbons of meat piled high atop the pillowy rolls. While I didn't get as much cheese as I wanted, this was a definite solid place to add to the list. I'll order extra cheese next time.....and there WILL be a next time very soon. As for the Honey, he rates this as THE best cheese steak he's ever had.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/6/2011,20,60,6,7,5>Great place.  I am Olde and Feeble and was worried about having to walk or stand too much, so I called ahead. Worked great. The handicapped spot is 10 feet from the pick-up window, so I was able to wobble my ole butt up there to get my order without falling on anyone even once.  It was busy even at 11:30 on a Friday, but there was no line outside yet. FYI, the outside picnic tables are cooled by misting fans.I had to try the brisket plate, but I hedged by adding a dollop of pulled pork for $2 extra. Well played.  The brisket is excellent, very tender and flavorful, ribs are excellent, and the pulled pork is great. And I love the not-too-sweet signature sauce, with a mustardy nod to South Carolina.I had sides of jalapeno poppers, very tasty. (After all, they ARE wrapped in bacon.) Maybe just a little spicy for me, though I usually enjoy jalapenos. The corn was good. Sweet potatoes, good.But the bread pudding... the bread pudding is ... glorious. Like the top of a 3 hour old Cinnabon, mixed with creme brulee.The place runs like a Swiss watch, very smooth and efficient, and maybe that's what keeps everyone happy.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,12/5/2011,631,1145,3,8,4>This is a great place to catch a premovie drink if you're visiting the Winter Park Regal. Service was prompt- no sooner had we sat down then drink menus were presented and our server started helping us navigate the massive menu. We are talking 300 different bottled beers plus a couple dozen on tap! They also have a selection of wines that should keep wine drinkers happy alongside their beer loving friends. The cocktail menu is very limited so you better know what you want if you don't drink beer or wine. They also serve food but we'd just come to drink. Taps has only been open for 6 weeks but our server was knowledgeable and rattled off beer after beer including a little history on each and alcohol content. Disappointing they don't do flights of beer or beer samplers but she said she could bring us up to three to try. After sampling a variety several at the table ordered some "Dead Guy" brew, which seemed to be a hit. If you like beer you'll like this place. If not, well, you probably won't be that impressed. The decor is nice. In the evenings they open the glass bay doors. The open doors along with the high ceiling give it an chic, outdoor feel. The first part of the place is high top tables, the back a black sofa lounge. Choose depending on your mood. Having a couple of drinks made our movie a lot more fun!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/11/2012,70,376,3,6,5>Gators in the house!  You gotta love that! I haven't been here since I was a kid.  I liked it enough to become a member.  Parking is covered and not all that expensive.  There are several levels with something on each one.  On the ground floor are baby alligators, turtles, and fish in an aquarium at the base of a large fake tree.  Exhibits of insects and spiders just around the corner.  Moving on to a simple interactive view of how oranges are processed which the kids big and small alike seem to enjoy.  Moving onto a kitchen discovery area and an interactive display on water power which my daughter had to pull me away from kicking and screaming.  In the Planetarium we caught the movie Animalapolis (not sure about the true spelling).  We found it entertaining and perhaps slightly overwhelming since it is projected onto the large dome nearly surrounding every seat (other movies are available).  We moved on to the Star War exhibit, a fun gravity experiment, Bob the Builder, hydrogen power, water pumps, and so on.  At the top was an excellent exhibit of dinosaurs.  We found the dino dig fun.  She loves to find bones.  Large skeletons including everyone's favorite...t-rex.  Overall, I had a great time and my daughter loved it, there was plenty of fun for all ages.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,7/10/2012,85,232,6,9,9>Let me start by disclosing I'm not involved in "fine art appreciation" in any professional experienced capacity. Strictly a layman who only has his personal opinions as his tutor. YiKEs!! Yeah, isn't this a scary way to start off a review!??Considering all the times I have been engaged in viewing different art studios and museums, I am lead to this conclusion: Art studios are like a box of chocolates; you just don't know WHAT you are going to get.  Wasn't that saying in a some movie?  : )  Now even though this conclusion reads to be in a negative connotation, it isn't. Often times you can and will be surprised by a delightful sight or concept when you step out and do it walk the  rooms! That I believe is the intrigue to art galleries! Even happening across one joyful work can make the  entire experience worth it. Mentally enriching your love of "things"  painted, crafted or simply composed can be a priceless and lifelong enrichment. So, I encourage the exposure if you have never given art galleries a go. It may alter your perspectives in a most positive way.CityArts Factory is that box of chocolates! You simply  have to open your mind and walk the gallery for yourself. This and any another gallery (I'd presume) are to be judged not nesessarly by the art they present, but how  they have accommodated  their guests  and presented their works. I was tickled  to  learn that many of their current pieces were in a layman's budget also - which was good. When I have the perception that much of what I'm viewing is  sorta in my "art budget", (if I dare even stretch the categories in my personal household finances so) the experience becomes even more personal; because I may even spring for some of that local art! This is a non assuming gallery (not real fuu-fuu)  so I felt comfortable in my Fla. Summer Garb of sandals and shorts. IMO now. They may prefer not to endure that trend, but really, my legs aren't that ugly yet!?  That doesn't mean I always choose the right "attire", I just felt welcomed as I was into the gallery. Even their building has a cool art-sy  history. Check out the vintage photos of Orange Ave. and Pine! I moved here when it was Dr Phillips and McCrory's.orlandoslice.com/page/hi…Parking in the garage 1 block away only cost me $2 for 4 hours.  Sweet.Check them out sometime.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/9/2012,56,122,,13,6>I went here this past weekend looking for a place to hear live music. Believe the reviews! They are absolutely correct. The jazz concert in Casselberry was over so alot of people came here afterwards. I walked through the door dancing! It's a tad bit on the small side and we shared a table with a couple who were about to leave. They were very nice. As we listened to the band we both got some wine and the delicious crab cakes. You CAN'T come here without getting them....you just can't. you can't go wrong with the scallops either. You can get wine by the bottle or by the glass. Glass prices range from $9-12 dollars. Appetizers range from 10-15 dollars. All beer is 5 dollars.The vibe and mood was definitely smooth and sensual. I love the excellent service they gave here. They waited on everyone inside and even people who were waiting outside for tables. Very pleased with the manager and the waitress we had. Even though they were packed, they took care of everyone.If you love jazz and love to shake your groove thang this spot is for you. If you just wanna sip wine and let the jazz take you away, this place is for you. If you are looking for a good time with friends or a significant other, this place is for you.The best nights to go are Friday and Saturday nights.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/8/2012,85,124,,6,5>This is one of the hidden gems of Orlando. If you look around the city, there are more and more great restaurants and eateries and in many of the best they serve Orlando Brewing Company products. Located in an industrial area, don't be afraid, Orlando Brewing will wow you with their brewed on the site choices. When we were there, they had about 12 different beers on tap.  If you are so inclined, take the brewery tour (be sure to bring a beer with you, as it is a 'requirement'). There you will learn about how organic beer is brewed and how you need to stay away from bad american lager.  The tasting room is dark, but sizeable, and has a little area on the side for events.  If you are a visitor or resident, make this part of your Orlando visit.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,7/7/2012,108,70,,5,3>Went here on Mother's Day and thought it was great.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which was expected on Mother's Day.  I had breakfast which consisted of eggs, bacon and pancakes.  Everything was cooked very well.My only complaint is that it took FOREVER to get extras like button, cream for the coffee, etc.  We had to ask three different people.  I grew up in Windermere and my parents still live there.  This was the post office and later the Ready Market when I was growing up.  It is nice to see a breakfast restaurant in this quaint little town.If they would work on their service a bit, it was be a great place.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,7/6/2012,108,251,7,4,3>Free as in beer! Yep, free beer. As the menu says, ALWAYS free beer. Free beer in the morning, free beer in the evening, free beer at suppertime. They open early in the morning and you can get breakfast tacos and free beer. (Early start to a Sunday Funday anyone?) What kind of free beer was it? I'm not sure. Domestic something. Beggars can't be choosers especially when it was 90+ degrees out and any frosty beverage would have been heaven.Aside from the free beer, it's some pretty good food too. Chips and salsa arrived almost immediately upon sitting down, so we nommed on those (with some free beer... did I mention the free beer yet?) while perusing the menu, and decided on tacos and a quesadilla. The tacos are piled high with fresh veggie action (see photo) and the quesadilla was a big pile of cheesy goodness. I do think you have to like taco seasoning if you like this place as the salsa and tacos both had a lot of it going on. For the overall vibe, the decor is cute but sparse, they are set up for live music, and the location is somewhat hidden, which - on the up side - adds to the hole in the wall vibe but also makes it a bit difficult to find the place (prob easiest to get into if you are coming south on 436 toward Colonial and then take the right onto Colonial). Worth dropping in!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,7/5/2012,54,106,3,5,6>I used to be a semi regular at Pho 88, but like many great things, I heard, and noticed this restaurant had gone down hill. The service was spotty and the food was not as fresh.  In my regular days, a #2 (tofu spring rolls) and a #92 (vegetable Pho) did me so fine.  Well, I am happy to say, Pho88 has once again captured my heart, this time with an amazingly flavorful crab, shrimp and tofu soup.  The broth is tomatoey and delicious with sliced tomatoes, green onions, minced crab and shrimp, noodles and just the right amount of spice.  It is served with fresh herbs and lime on the side. As to the other issues I noticed on my last visit, the dining room was clean and the server was great!  I can't wait to be a regular again.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,7/3/2012,68,130,2,6,7>There is a certain trade off by choosing this place over Starbucks.  Sure, the chairs and tables are wobbly, so what.  There is a bit of charm  you get here that doesn't exist at Starbucks.  Its a little more bohemian and that appeals to me.The coffee I like just as much as Starbucks,  albeit it was just as strong or stronger when I ordered.  No complaints!  Also, it seems as if they have an imaginative food selection.  I always gravitate towards the scones,  the ginger-pear is my fave,  although I think I need to have it heated next time.  ;)The service was helpful, not necessarily bubbly, but not necessarily cold either.  The food came out very quickly, so also a plus.The bulletin board area is always a good place to snag some reading material while eating breakfast.  All in all, I really enjoy it here and would use it to have a chill breakfast with friends or a partner.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,7/2/2012,112,206,2,5,3>ummmm yes.. ordered the Taco Box #2  Bulgogi with a side of salad, fried tofu, rice, sliced egg roll type thigys, a spicy chicken wing and some type of fried egg.    I didn't really get all the different items, but it worked.  It was a decent amount of food for the price!  They do have kimchi, but didn't have any the time we were there.   Definitly try this truck out if you get the chance.   You won't be disappointed.   Also this truck is cash only!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,7/1/2012,149,191,1,7,3>I think Clemons is how I want a produce market to be.This is my go to neighborhood produce market, mostly because I live nearby.If you have to drive a ways to get here, it'll be worth the trip.Good quality vegetables and fruits at low prices in a clean store run by nice people.What more could you ask for?They have clearly marked the items that are locally grown or organic. Want to save even more? They have a shelf of less than perfect veggies at half price! In addition to fresh vegetables at better prices than the supermarkets, they have recently added an Amish deli where you can buy meats, cheeses, and  "home baked" style bread.Like the produce, the deli meats are top quality and priced better than Publix.Be sure to bring cash or a local check. Debit and credit cards aren't accepted here.(Psst: Its next door to Charlies Gourmet Pastries.)
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,12/3/2010,44,78,1,5,4>I've been to this place twice for bigger orders, and occasionally dropping by for dessert. The first time was for a bunch of cupcakes for a party, the second was for a custom birthday cake for my daughter. When we got the cupcakes, I thought the place rocked. We got an assortment and a few red velvet cupcakes as well. Those seemed to b the major hit. People loved the red velvet ones. Their icing is GREAT. This is assuredly not Publix. When we went in for the custom cake, I was not sure they could make it. They did, and it sure was good. It was decorated exaclty how we envisioned it and tasted even better. The service has always been good. The only thing is that sometimes service seems to be slow, but it's not. They are just taking their time to help the people ahead of you. Rest assured, you will receive the same attention. We will certainly be back!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2010,12/2/2010,149,191,2,6,5>Really three and a half stars.Skordalia appetizer: great!Kotopita dinner, boneless rotisserie chicken blended with fresh mushrooms, peppers & Greek herbs, baked in a flaky filo dough:Delicious.The mousaka, the spanakopita: Wonderful.The room is clean and attractive. The service was OK up to a point,  mostly good but not overly solicitous. Where things took a turn for the worse last night was the sides: Green (famous?) beans: obviously canned, served cold.Cheese Potatoes: also served cold.Maybe the server could have asked why neither of us ate them, but she didn't.Will we go back? Probably.Everybody has an off night, and there are enough things right at Cypriana Cafe that we wish them great success in this tough spot.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,12/1/2010,81,91,1,2,2>The first time I walked into this place it was PACKED, but we were willing to wait and give it a shot, until we saw the menu. At that point we were like, "This is a pizzeria?? NO WAY" I think pizzeria I think I walk in grab a slice and walk out. Not the case here at all, plus a large pizza is $36, I was astounded and we left without turning back.Fast forward 2 weeks and I found myself standing outside of it again, wondering why I was about to pay an arm and a leg for a pizza.  It was jammed packed and we were told to return of 7:30. This is where it loses a star, we did return at 7:15 went and checked on our reservation and they told us it would be another hour and a half!! What? Unacceptable. It was pouring rain outside so I'm pretty sure the people already in were apprehensive about leaving. We gather as a group to decide what to do, and I go approach the hostess again and get a status on our reservation. I ask her she tells me we are about 8 down on the list and she was sorry because she didn't speak English very well. At that point I switch and start speaking Italian trying to get the scoop on the wait time. As soon as I thanked her for the info our name got called. Never was I rude or demanded quick service, so it kind of made me wonder if that was a favoritism call. Even though it worked in our favor it's still not cool.Time for some pizza!!!! Yummm!! I will stand here and shout from the rooftops that this was the BEST pizza I have ever had in my life.. It was absolutely gigantic (a meter and a half) and amazing. We had a party of nine and we got 2 pizzas not realizing how big they were. Our waitress (Lizabetta) was phenomenal and saw we were struggling on what kind to get so should told us to pick four types and they would split it on the pizza. We ended up picking the artichoke and truffle, eggplant and prosciutto, spicy sausage, and vegetable; all were phenomenal especially the artichoke with truffle oil... TO DIE FOR. My only complaint on the pizza is when they said it was prosciutto I was expecting that it was going to be the prosciutto type of meat. I should have been smarter and realized they were just saying ham using fancy Italian words. When our three feet of pizza arrived we said "this is going to make a phenomenal midnight snack" The pizza never had a chance, we devoured it then licked the truffle oil off the pan.We also got their fried veggie and calamari appetizer along with orzo balls. I would recommend getting both if you have a large party it's a TON of food. If it's just you and a sweetie just go with the pizza it will be plenty of food. We also got some sort of specialty Italian beer, it was very dark, with a delicious caramel flavor.It is very loud, but I think that just adds to the charm. Every member of the staff we encountered were very sweet and helpful. Plus the fire burning stoves are just flat out cool.Two thumbs up and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,11/30/2010,108,688,,6,3>Being a downtown dweller I have watched the transformation of Blank Space from a real estate group.  At first, I wasn't sure if this was going to be a coffee shop, a bar, an art gallery?  But what evolved was a unique blend of all three--(i.e. Blank Space).  It's "blank" because you can fill in what you want it to be.  Quite the concept for a downtown spot.The walls are white and art adorns the wall.  Music plays and as other yelpes mentioned, there's ping pong!  It's in a category of its own and I hope it stays that way.  Bottom line, go visit and add Blank Space to your list of Orlando faves.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,11/29/2010,48,286,3,3,2>Promised the kidlet that we could go and try the gluten-free pizza. Ordered a gluten-free extra cheese pepperoni. Takes a while to come out to the table, but they do prep fresh. The pizza was super tasty and the 5 year old gave it 10 thumbs up!!! I also tried the Redbridge gluten-free beer. Had to try 3 bottles to discern if it was tasty or not... it was! Hubby ordered the regular meat lover's pie. He loved it and ate all but 1 piece of a medium pie. Extensive menu and everything looked fresh and tasty as it came out. Huge beer list, but the one that hubby wanted had been out of stock since it was placed on the menu. **FAIL** Friendly waitstaff and fairly speedy service. Nice thing is it's not too expensive. Only 14 bucks for our 12" gluten-free pie w/two toppings! Looking forward to our next visit...
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,11/28/2010,5,80,2,3,2>I have eaten their pizza via takeout several times since my company has had work luncheons with their pizza.  Today, I ate two slices in the pizzeria for the first time.  All I can say about their pizza is WOW!  I am no expert on NY pizza, but if I remember from my multiple travels to NYC, this is as close as it comes.The crust is thin on the bottom with a fluffy, chewy end.  The bottom is cooked crispy and hot, with no floppage due to grease.  The pizza is not too saucey, and the cheese tastes very fresh.  I went with two regular cheese slices so I am not sure about the topping, yet other peoples' pizza looked like the toppings were plentiful.  The slices are $1.95 each.  That is not bad compared to other Orlando area places thats sell by the slice.I went at lunch time on a Friday and the service was prompt.  The place was extrememly busy, but we had our slices within 10 minutes of ordering.  They have other Italian dishes on the menu and daily lunch specials.  The only thing I did not like was the canned soda, which meant no refills.  I am not going to ding them one star, but that has to change.  A soda fountain in a pizzeria is a necessity and that has to change.  I will, however, be back as often as I can for a slice.Del Dio is officially located on Colonial Drive in the shopping center with Bed, Bath, and Beyond.  The best way to access is off the Maguire Rd. entrance on Fairgreen St (side street into the shopping plaza).
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,11/27/2010,115,187,,13,3>Okay, this is one of my "little gems" on International Drive.Cafe Gauguin is a buffet (and menu service) restaurant located inside the Rosen Center on I-Drive.  The buffet is only open on nights with conventions in town, or when the hotel is at high occupancy, so I highly suggest you call in advance.  They are happy to let you know if the buffet is open, and what is on the buffet that night (it changes nightly).As buffets go, the food here is high quality (much better than anything you will find at Golden Corral or Ponderosa).  Additionally, for Orlando "locals", they have an awesome buy one-get one free coupon for the buffet in the Orlando Entertainment Book!  It makes this restaurant an even better value.  This is a restaurant I highly recommend!  Give it a try!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,11/26/2010,67,382,,3,3>All four of us had the Hibachi special for 13.95.  Chicken, Shrimp, AND Beef (not one- all three!!!) Portions are HUGE- especially of the noodles (I think Udon noodles), and the fried rice. I've posted some pics of the chef making it right at your table. That's always fun. And, my gosh, SO much cheaper than the chain that made it famous.  Say you don't want the grill at your table?  Half the restaurant is dedicated to that too.   Suprises here?  Very accomodating when we wanted a slight modification to the order. Spectacular waiter.  Big portions. No wait. Newly opened (they have some pictures outiside the building that make it look 30 years old- they're all faded. In fact, the restaurant only opened in December 2009.  I'd certainly recommend.  And, I'd recommend the special.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2010,11/25/2010,111,174,,4,3>I have had this place bookmarked forever so we finally stopped for lunch today. As a huge fan of Diners, Drive ins and Dives, I am always on the outlook for that kitchy, throw-back dive with blow your mind food. While Kappy's certainly has the kitchy, throw-back thing on it's side, I am afraid that I was not blown away by the food at all. I chose to try the cheese steak with onions, mushrooms & peppers and it was ah-right. The meat is ground and cooked up on a flattop with a slice of American cheese - no traditional Velveeta here. The bun was fresh and soft. The side of sweet potato fries was crisp and flavorful. My husband got the Earl's special which was a burger topped with pastrami and he added grilled onions. It came on a sesame seed bun. He felt the burger and pastrami were actually a bit bland.These were perfectly fine meals but certainly nothing special. While the setting is cool, the food ... meh.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,11/24/2010,154,131,2,2,4>I had one of the best brunches of my life here!!!  Sure, the wait is long to get a table...but it says something about this place...so sit back...grab a mimosa or my new fav, "a pointsetta" and chill at the bar until you can grab a table.  i loved the music, the artwork, and if I was not having brunch, I would have ordered my favorite bottle of wine...WOOP WOOP!  this is the first restaurant that I have seen this wine served!!  but back to brunch...i had the breakfast enchilada!  so amazing!  three shredded pork enchiladas topped with a fried egg!  so cheesy. so brunchy. so delish!I will go back again, and again, and again!!!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,7/8/2010,79,28,2,8,4>This farmers' market is by no means as good as what you see in other cities such as New York, Chicago, or even Atlanta. However, there is more than enough here to delight locals and visitors alike.The produce is decent, the vendors aren't pushy, and there is music - great music, in fact. When it is not too hot there is nothing better than going down to Lake Eola on a Sunday morning and enjoying the city beautiful with some friends and all your favorite people from around town.PRO TIP #1: There is a man and he has the most delicious fresh-baked breads known to mankind. Find him and get a sample. You will leave with loaves. He is normally set up across from the produce.PRO TIP #2: Enjoy the organic local beer supplied by Orlando Brewing  and sit a spell while listening to pastoral music.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,7/7/2010,498,694,2,3,2>I love coming here for lunch and getting the chicken tandoori. Great price and service for soup, bread and entree.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,7/6/2010,472,111,7,11,9>A-FREAK-ING A-MAZING - This place is where its at.  I have now eaten there three nights in a row. THREE NIGHTS IN A ROW?!!! Yes! I did it :) Soooo delicious!My friend Rob owns the place and it took me so long to finally show up... so late one Wed night, when walking back to my car, I think, ok its time to check out.  Nice to get a big welcome when you walk in too, that can't hurt.This is my run down of the week's Gringos Locos food: Wed night: Mouth Hugger with just chicken no beef: Delicious!! Rating: 9.0 out of 10Thursday night: Gringo Sushi - So its like a burrito cut up into pieces that resemble a sushi roll shape. But no raw fish here! They squirt a bit of sour cream on top, put it into a "sushi to go box" and hand you chopsticks.  Rating: 9.5 out of 10Friday night: Lean Green Machine - Yummy with the Tomatillo sauce! I feel like it was a bit healthier than the last two nights. Maybe that is why my rating is the way it is: Rating: 8.0 out of 10.  Still good, just not as mouth watering as the last two. Oh and tried the Pineapple Water - never had Pineapple water before, so this was a treat. THANKS ROB!!! Other reasons why you should go: - AWESOME STAFF, totally cool, and will recommend a menu item for you- OPEN LATE- GREAT LOCATION (for me anyways since I work and play downtown)- UNIQUE AND ADDICTING FOODI am their new BIG FAN!! Try it out you won't be disappointed, and please say ElizabethB sent you! :)
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2009,7/5/2010,69,200,,12,2>This is the best place to work out in the Orlando area.  Yeah, its expensive, but at about $3 a day, I think its definitely worth it.  Why?  Well, it makes you want to work out and you have fun when you are there.  The place is huge, and will 8000 members, it needs to be... but, it is usually quite empty, or at least feels that way (except for 5-7pm on weekdays).  The cafe has a poorly managed staff and a lot of really unhealthy food options (for a gym, they should be ashamed at selling cookies and puting sherbert in most of their shakes).  The cafe gets 1 star.  The sportsplex gets 4.  If you go to a Planet Fitness and are fine working out there, then this is not the place for you.  But, I just don't go when I have a membership to any of the other gyms here in FL... so this one changed my life a bit.  I recommend it.  But it is far from perfect.  They told me no one under 13 works out in the gym... I found that to be a lie.  The staff is mostly ok, but not great.  For instance, I was changing after my workout and they were cleaning out the lockers for the night.  They did not go to a different section or wait for me to change, they just worked around me opening all the lockers and throwing stuff away (they wanted to be done for the night, I get it, but that is not proper).
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,7/4/2010,359,280,3,8,6>Cute cake hunters slash boba lovers of Orlando must read the following....I have gone Qi Dragon Bakery crazy...and this is why..1.) The most adorable mini honey cakes in Orlando for only $1.00 and I'm talking about soft whipped frosting, walnuts filled, chocolate chips loaded, fruit topped, coconut shreding on all corners types of mini cakes. They also have some honey cakes that are decorated with some of the cutest quirkest animals...u will see a mouse or cat decorated on some of the mini cakes! Very cute indeed! The cakes are super fresh and have a light honey flavor to the base which is deliciously balanced out with all the sweet toppings. 2.)This place is very recession priced friendly...a combo special of coffee, mini honey cake, and 4 cookies comes out to $1.99 TOTAL.-Delicious buns in a different assortment of flavor ranging from 70 cents to 90 goes great with coffee in the mourning.-3.)Alas u can order a slush boba drinks for $2.99... the flavors include coconut, coffee, strawberry, melon, and mango. I recommend the coffee slush....it reminded me of Starbucks frappachinos but with boba bubbles!! Although the ice in the slush hardens the boba jelly texture overall the drink is still mightly flavorful..I believe they uncoded the addicting secret inside of Starbucks and used it for their benefit..hmmmm. The coconut slush was refreshingly and creamy with a hint of sweet it should go well with one of the mini honey cakes.4.)The workers here are as sweet as their cakes.Convinced yet? If you have a sweet tooth Qi Dragon Bakery is your best bet!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,7/3/2010,63,58,,4,3>THE BBD rocks!  I went in last week not even sure if they were still in business since it has been  about 20 years since I went there.  Even 20 years ago it was highly recommended to me as the best Cuban food in town.  Well I am happy to say that perception has not changed!  I was surprised to see that a new owner had taken over about 7 years ago.  My review is that the food is just as delicious.  There was a newspaper article reporting that, during the transition, he had kept the original crew of workers and had arranged for the original owner to leave him with all the original recipes.  A very shrewd move Mr. New Owner.The portions are still hefty.  One meal can feed you twice, unless you are a glutton or shooting for a contestants spot on next season's run of "The Biggest Loser".The changes that were made were all positive.  They updated the look of the inside giving it a more modern feel.  Down side is seating is still very limited.  And by seating I mean a shelf along the wall and window with some bar chairs.  I wish they could get some outdoor tables, but if it hasn't happened yet.... probably not possible.  This place is geared as a "to go" spot.   Don't let that dissuade you though if you are looking to eat in.The young lady at the counter that day, who reminded me somewhat of Maggie Gyllenhaal in "Stranger Than Fiction", was very helpful with descriptions and menu suggestions.  I opted for the Media Noche - a Cuban on sweet bread.  Never had one before so I thought I would risk it.  The soft bread added just the right touch of sweetness to the tanginess of the pickles and mustard!  Won't be my last!  and it won't be 20 years until my next visit.Hit if for lunch of dinner!  You'll eat happy!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/2/2010,108,427,1,8,5>As I am typing this, It has been about 12 hours since I had a wisdom tooth extracted, and I am in NO PAIN. I also had fillings done. Thai La is a GREAT dentist, and really nice (and cute). I am so glad I found a good dentist here in Orlando, because I HATE going to the dentist, and get super panicked. It went really well though, was quick, easy and painless, and I will be back again, soon.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,7/1/2010,115,187,1,3,4>By far, the BEST cheesesteaks outside of Philadelphia.And, better than some cheesesteaks IN Philadelphia!Briantos can't be beat.  A must eat!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,6/30/2010,100,218,6,10,9>Creating food that is the best in its class takes effort, planning, skill and determination. Delish New York Bakery offers just that -- best in class quality in all of its breads and baked products. Delish opened several months ago next door to a Whole Foods Market in a then largely abandoned shopping plaza just off of I-4. At the time, I had no reason to experience Delish because I am not a Whole Foods shopper. I now know that I have wasted those months eating inferior bagels and breads when I could have been enjoying my carbs at Delish. I discovered Delish about two weeks ago when I read that Delish would be giving away free coffee through the end of October (2009) to anyone who brings in their own travel mug. Never one to pass up a free cup of Joe, I dutifully have appeared at Delish just about every day and I quickly learned that Scott and Laura Stein, the owners of Delish, serve a superior cup of coffee. They use a local roaster and their brew is rich, but not bitter, with just a hint of chocolate and nutty flavors. Having enjoyed several free cups of coffee, I started to feel guilty about receiving free coffee without buying anything, so after a few days, I bought a bagel - a whole wheat bagel to be specific. It was -- and I am not exaggerating -- the best bagel I have ever had. After one bite, I believe I finally understood why New Yorkers love bagels so much, and I realized that every other bagel I had ever eaten was a mere impersonation of a true bagel. The bagel's at Delish have a density that no other bagel I've tried has ever matched. At the same time, the Delish bagel is still light, just chewy enough to tell me that I am eating a bagel but in no way rubbery as some chain bagels can be. Scott Stein told me that his bagels are boiled in the Bronx and then flown to Orlando where he finishes them in his bakery. That was a brilliant move on his part because, having tried a Delish bagel, I do not believe any other bagel in Orlando can come close to matching the quality offered at Delish. Of course, after that initial bagel, I have been back several times to experience more that Delish has to offer. Delish offers several excellent fresh breads that are more reasonably priced, and better tasting, than the fresh breads offered at our local Publix. The rye bread -- both seeded and unseeded are available -- in particular, is now a staple in my home. Today, I took my family to Delish for a late breakfast. Delish has tables for about 25 people inside and three additional tables outside. We chose to enjoy our morning meal al fresco, as we had our puppy in tow. My wife gave very high marks for the pumpernickel bagel that she enjoyed with an excellent low-fat cream cheese. My son ordered a bacon, egg and cheese bagel. I had the same without the bacon. The bagel sandwiches can be ordered toasted or untoasted. The egg and bacon were quickly cooked and, although very basic, also very tasty and quite inexpensive. In a decadent mood, my son also had a cherry Italian ice. The ices, both small and regular sized, are served in paper cups and the cherry ice was excellent. I do recommend taking extra napkins, however, as an overflowing cup of Italian ice can be quite messy in the Florida sun. My wife also enjoyed a single marzipan cookie from among the abundant pastries and treats in the Delish pastry counter. She then promptly announced that we would be purchasing MANY treats from Delish for our Thanksgiving dinner. Delish also offers a limited number of lunch sandwiches (on bagels or rolls). It is open from 7:30 to 7:30 Monday through Saturday and from 7:30 until 4pm on Sundays. Delish is a wonderful addition to the Dr. Phillips/Sand Lake Road restaurant community. As my readers know, I am reluctant to give a five star review, but the breads at Delish require that I give Delish nothing less. Do yourself a favor and visit Delish soon. After one visit, you will never want to buy breads in a grocery store again.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,6/29/2010,223,368,,7,5>You wouldn't even know this place is there if you weren't really looking for it.  Rok Room is tucked away at the end of an alley behind Antigua.  Rok Room plays what can be described as hip-hop/rock mixes.  Not sure if that's even a genre but... think of The Police mixed over a Timbaland beat.  It's fun!I've been here on quite a few occasions and while I usually arrive early to a pretty empty place... by 11:30-12 the place is PACKED.  It's hard to get a spot at the bar and you have to really squeeze your way in.The bartenders are quick and attentive.  The drinks are STRONG!  I didn't really get a snobby vibe from this place.  Dress is casual!  There's not really any dancing going on.  There's two bars - one main bar running the length of the place and one small bar tucked in the corner.  There's a few benches and tables to sit at and a VIP lounge area with a few couches.  All in all, this is a nice place to stop in and get your evening started.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,12/24/2011,204,152,,6,2>Great place! All of the sandwiches sounded delish and they make everything fresh. I had a Greek salad and cup of black bean soup. Both were fantastic. The soup was packed with beans and not too salty. The do not skim on the salad and add plenty of yummy ingredients like cucumbers, tomatoes, pepperoncini, and olives (my fav :) They give a little pack of jelly beans with your meal which is fun. You can get carrots as a side item (real peeled carrots, not the baby ones) which I liked. They now serve breakfast as well. Their waffles sounded amazing! We met the owner and she is very sweet. Definitely check this place out for lunch or even a light dinner and a glass of wine!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/23/2011,31,130,,6,5>I discovered another Latin food truck during the Flicks on the Bricks event in Kissimmee. I couldn't have been any more excited that they were serving another one of my favorite foods, empanadas!!I tried three different empanadas - picadillo, black bean and plantain, and guava with cheese. The empanadas were fresh, crispy, golden, and served warm. All three were delicious!From what I can remember, the picadillo ($2) had ground meat (I'm assuming beef), tomatoes, onions, and green olives.My favorite of the three was the black bean and plantain ($3). I thought it sounded weird at first being that it was served as an empanada, but it turned out to be very good. The saltiness of the black beans and sweetness of the plantains actually meshed well together.The guava and cheese ($1.50) was a mini empanada, about half the size of the other two. It was the perfect sized dessert and not overly sweet from the guava paste.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/22/2011,156,155,,10,10>My favorite place to catch a footy match.  Chelsea FC, of course.Their food is solid...I love their burgers, summer salad, and scotch eggs.  And you can't beat a $5 car bomb during a Chelsea v. Liverpool match on a Sunday morning...right?People are great here...the staff is fantastic, just like in any great Irish pub, and the crowd is not rowdy for sporting events...spirited, yes, but not hoolie.Check it out!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,12/21/2011,48,313,4,9,4>4.5 stars for Guavate.Someone remind me to call my grandmother today - and ask her when she got a job as a cook at Guavate. My grandmother came over to the states from Puerto Rico as a child. Growing up, she and my mother cooked tons of Puerto Rican food. While the menu doesn't have everything I had hoped for, it had items I hadn't expected. For whatever reason, mofongo is difficult to find in most Latin restaurants, but most aren't Puerto Rican either.Unfortunately, I didn't have the mofongo on my first visit. I just couldn't justify the high cost at lunch. Instead, I chose the pernil lunch special with arroz con gandules - rice with chickpeas. For about $7, you get a nicely sized piece of pork shoulder and more rice than you really probably need for lunch. That is to say, that for $7, you get a serving that my grandmother would have also served me. And as I implied earlier - this food reminds me a lot of my grandmother's. Seasoned and cooked just like how I like it. The pork was moist and flavorful. As a bonus, it included a bit of chicharron - crispy pork skin. This is the stuff we fought over every time we went to my grandmother's house and I'm sure I'll fight over it with my mother when I take her here.Even though I had been in the same restaurant space in one of its earlier forms (a bagel-breakfast place), I had still expected this place to be a little bit bigger. There's not a lot of tables, and I could see it getting pretty crowded. Even at lunch on a weekday, it was half full. There are a handful of booths, and a few tables that could be pushed together for a group. I'd be wary of bringing a large group here though. The space is small to begin with and a group of more than 6 would make it feel claustrophobic.My first minor complaint about Guavate was the service. The service wasn't bad at all - but I'm convinced Jorge was a cyborg. Remember that scene in Terminator 2 when they try to teach the terminator to smile? I'm pretty sure that's what it would look like if you tried to get Jorge to show some emotion. He said nothing more than exactly what he needed to say to take my order, ask if everything was OK and if I was ready for the check. He did everything he needed to do, but seemed completely joyless in his actions. I saw another server being friendlier with her customers. The other minor complaint was that employees on break were lounging about in the dining room. In my experiences as a waiter, we were always required to take our breaks in the back or out of the restaurant. It always looks unprofessional for an employee with a hairnet to be sitting in the dining room sipping on a soda. I'll be back, Guavate. And next time, I'm bringing my Bronx-Rican mother with me.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,12/20/2011,111,174,,5,6>Not sure I can add anything unique to all the reviews that already exist on here for this place except to say that we drove from Apopka just to check it out and we were glad we did. It's got a great neighborhood vibe, the outdoor patio was filled with folks and their dogs enjoying the lovely day (always a plus in our book) and our sandwiches and salads were quite tasty. The wheat bread was fresh baked and hearty, the ingredients were thoughtfully combined and the service was pleasant and accommodating. When Marty asked if their potato salad was heavy on the mayo, he was offered a sample without hesitation. Bravo Mills Market guy who took our order ... Bravo!So if you too have been wondering if you should give 903 Mills Market a try, stop wondering and go already!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,12/19/2011,23,286,,4,3>Five stars for the effort given and the attention to detail by this establishment.  The food is very good, the decor is festive, the service is friendly, and the prices, well I guess reasonable considering the overhead costs.  Hubby and I had two hotdogs a piece, he had a meal deal with one of his hotdogs that included a soda and fries, and I had an additional order of regular-sized fries.  The cost for the meal was just over $21.00.My favorite part of the meal, and no it was not the fries, was the chili cheese dog.  Their hot ingredients are hot, cold ingredients are indeed cold and fresh, and the rolls are heavenly soft and gummy (in a good way- it helps hold the ingredients).  The fries are good, but not great.  We found them a bit greasy.  Until I can find a hotdog place that serves up a better hotdog close to home, Bite Hot Dog Co. gets five stars.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,12/18/2011,74,56,13,8,7>After being placed in the dog house one evening with the miss, (I don't remember what I did, probably nothing THAT bad.. KIDDING) I woke up the next morning on a mission to try and redeem myself  (What woman doesn't like chocolate?  Am I right here guys? Huh, huh?) and commenced a search on Yelp to see which Chocolatier would be my best bet. I read about Peterbrooke and kept seeing references to what's called "cat tails". PERFECT. She loves chocolate AND cats! She had to work at 1030 am, so I hauled a$$ from Downtown Orlando to Park Ave. in Winter Park. I was a little frantic and pressed for time since I also planned on getting her flowers on the way back. I walked by the Peterbrooke window on the way to the front door and saw chocolate tempering and refining machines.  Neat, I guess they make the chocolate on sight..  So when I walked into the store, I was relieved to see the sole employee make direct eye contact with me, project a sincere smile and sweetly say, "Hello... how can I help you?". Such a warm welcome. Wide eyed and frazzled, I then extended my pointer finger in the air and declared, "CAT TAILS!". She walked me over to the cat tails section and explained they are pretzel sticks dipped in caramel and dipped again in dark or milk chocolate. Sounds great to me, I'll have those! I then saw a baggy of short pretzel sticks dipped in white chocolate. I'll take those too! I have to give credit for the clerk who helped me out. At no extract cost, she neatly put the chocolates in a nice gift bag, and neatly stuffed it with blue gift wrapping tissue. Clutch. She was incredibly polite, sweet and exuded such a caring nature about her. Her presence certainly set me at ease in the midst of my mad dash across town. I wish I remembered her name! Poised and rearing, I got back into my car to pick up some Stargazer Lilies on the way back home. Luckily, I caught her 10 minutes before she had to leave for work to apologize and present her with my gestures of remorse. I watched her bite into the cat tails and white chocolate pretzels to light up and say, "What ARE these?".  Score!  She was gracious enough to share and when I bit into the cat tail, I immediately was taken back. Chocolate, silky caramel and then the bite is finished with a nice crunch from the thick pretzel. Heaven. While munching on her chocolate delights, the line of communication was back open. Although I didn't completely get out of the dog house, I at least sent her off to work less frustrated with the knowledge that her grievances were heard and cared for. Thanks to be Peterbrooke, my life was made a little more pleasant that day.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,12/17/2011,334,198,2,3,3>YUM. I think that about sums it up. I mean, honestly, who doesn't enjoy a delectable cupcake delicacy. Tonight I had the pleasure of indulging in such a fine delicacy. A few months ago I was tortured by the sight of a tower of yummy looking Sprinkles cupcakes in a myriad of delicious looking flavors but was "watching my figure" so I didn't indulge. Tonight, however, I did. So worth the calories. I sampled a vanilla cupcake as well as a chocolate cupcake and followed both of those with a peanut butter and chocolate cakeshooter. Wow, one was better than the next. And I must admit the idea of a cakeshooter is sheer brillance. Why order a whole cake when you can order individual cakeshooters in a variety of flavors. I think I'd have to taste them all. For quality assurance purposes, I swear :) Either way, I know where I am heading next time I want to indulge in some delectable treats that will satiate my sweet tooth and stimulate my taste buds.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,12/16/2011,84,171,7,9,7>My idea of The Perfect Saturday is sitting at home watching indie or foreign flicks. This is why, sometimes, I like to think The Enzian was built specifically for me.I am an admitted movie snob. I can recite "Harold and Maude" line by line and my favorite films are in languages I can't understand, so I tend to avoid Regal Cinema like the plague. The Enzian is a movie house for people who have taste.Enzian is amazing because it's like the private viewing room of the rich uncle you wish you had instead of the deadbeat one who hasn't called since 1988. It's a large room filled with tables and, in the very front, couches. A wait staff walks around taking orders, and they have a pretty good selection of draught and bottled beers. Ordering, receiving food, paying, and signing the slip can be a little distracting, but you should be able to cope if you're a corporate slug who's used to multi-tasking.Foreign and indie films are the norm here, although they do show cult classics and occasionally have outdoor viewings of mainstream gems like "Revenge of the Nerds." I have yet to attend an outdoor show because only suckers get eaten alive by mosquitos, but to each their own.Because only movie lovers come here, the audience is respectful and quiet. You know that fist fight you almost had at the AMC with the couple behind you who would not shut up? They don't even know The Enzian exists. This is a very good thing. I saw the Scandinavian gem "Troll Hunter" here a few weeks ago and it was so poorly attended and quiet that it felt like my living room.Food is a tad expensive which is why I tend to stick with the adequate but not extravagant truffle fries. I also come for the Milk Stout. Candy isn't sold here so I don't see why it would be problematic to sneak a bag of Swedish Fish in.When I'm in my cubicle every day, I fantasize about cutting out early, going to the Enzian, lying down on MY couch, shoveling fries in my mouth, and being engrossed in a movie few people know about. This is my screening room, but you're invited.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,12/15/2011,131,243,3,4,5>I remember 310 as where we first ate gator tail, but it's been a while since we've been back.  So after David Sedaris a few weeks ago, we thought we'd grab a bite there and reacquaint ourselves.  It sure is quiet in Winter Park on Sunday nights, or maybe it's because it was after 9 o'clock.  We decided to cut to the chase and forego appetizers/salad, and for a change, chose draught over wine - a pt of Peroni for my bride ($4.23), and an IPA for me ($5.16 for 22 oz), even though they have a very respectable selection of many great wines, including Grgich Hills, Chalk Hill - even an Amarone!  I wonder, though, how many of any of those they sell.  My wife wanted the chicken tarragon ($16), while I went with the crusted Mahi Mahi ($22).  There wasn't much of a crowd at all, and it was very pleasant sitting there in the cool of the evening.  Have I told you I'm impressed with servers helping their coworkers, like when a waitress would come and refill the water without you summoning her, even though it's not her table?  Team work!Our plates were brought quickly, and they were both delicious.  The only nit being the over-buttered mashed potatoes (common occurrence, since folks are more likely to be complaining about UNDER-buttered mashed).  We'd like to come back and try that duck that looks very interesting, or the pork chop (both $22)!  They also have a wide selection of salads, burgers, and other sandwiches.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,2/13/2012,89,238,5,7,9>Fun fact: I met my wife here.even before that fateful day, I love this market. From early Saturday morning until the afternoon, you can browse and buy fresh produce, local honey, pastas, plants, even doggie treats. But the real draw is the crowd. In such a plastic town, it's sometimes difficult to feel a sense of community. Yet every Saturday you will see the same people mixed with fresh new faces. Friendly vendors who recognize you after a while. Most vendors are cash only, so be prepared. The quality is usually top notch, much better produce that you get at most of the local chains here. Prices are much better too. And it's nice to have a merchant smile at you for a change.Afterwards, walk down the brick streets of Park Ave, shop, grab a bite to eat, and enjoy the day.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,2/12/2012,25,63,3,6,3>I went back the second time just after a few days to try the next lineups: the fried tofu (stinky tofu without the stinky fermented smell, the drunken chicken, the salt and pepper chicken, squid and meat nugget soup with noodles and the nom sour veggie and stomach soup again (because they didn't have the bitter melon with spare ribs soup i wanted).   The fried tofu was really good.  It tasted just like the stinky tofu I remember, except it's not stinky fermented.  I asked the lady why not offer that and she said she didn't wan to stink up the restaurant which is understandable.  The stinky tofu is always offered at the night market in Taiwan outside on the street so the smell is not as strong in open air.  The tofu was stuffed in minced garlic with soy sauce and that kicked it up a notch.The drunken chicken hit the spot too with the proper flavor.  I ordered a quarter portion just to try out the flavor and the flavor was good, except they gave me mostly unknown bony part of the chicken so I had more skin and fat than the meat.  Not cool, but i'll let it go this time.  Next time I'll get the half chicken and they better come with the parts I know.The squid and meat nugget soup with noodle was great too.  They know how to get that flavor and taste correct and it triggered my memory just like that.  I wolfed the entire bowl down in less than 5 mins.  Just that good.  I took a picture for the photo gallery.The salt and pepper chicken was good too.  Just like the one I remembered.  However, it's not boneless so foreigners have to be careful while eating it to avoid tooth chipping.  I couldn't finish it so I took the rest home for snack later.I'll be going back again to try out the next set of dishes soon.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,2/11/2012,58,45,7,14,7>I hate that I live 20 miles away. I hate it! I hate it! I hate it!I went here with a short list of grocery items that I needed for dinner that night. My list consisted of three things: chicken, red onion, and red bell pepper.I left Freshfields Farm with:chickenred onionred bell pepperscallopsa lemonspinachgreen bell pepperyellow bell pepperORANGE bell pepperscallionsstrawberriestomatoesThis is a food wonderland. And when I say wonderland, I mean "the most magical place I've ever had the pleasure to shop for groceries in in my entire life." Their produce is beautiful, their meat/seafood is incredibly fresh, and there is such a great variety in both departments. Plus, the prices are INCREDIBLE!Maybe it's a good thing that I live so far away. I would spend sooooooooooo much money here.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,2/10/2012,203,96,,6,4>In my opinion one of the best kept secrets in orlando! This hidden place is the super chill and only the cool people know about it...they are the only ORGANIC Brewery in the state of FL. Brewery tours sometime around 6 cant quite remember. Cornhole tournaments, drumcircle, local bands, and on the 30th of every month several of the beers are just 2$!oh BTW the bartenders are considered volunteer and are on payroll, they work for just TIPS so dont forget to take care of them because they take care of you!!!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,2/9/2012,63,280,2,11,3>I am very happy that Takashi & Fumiko have opened a new restaurant! Even though Lake Dora Sushi & Sake is a few miles further from my home than their old place, it is well worth the trip. Again, I feel like family when I walk through the door. The ambiance and decor are wonderful, and the view of the lake is unrivaled. And then there's the Sushi- fresh, tasty and beautiful prepared! My mouth waters thinking about the tasty and inventive rolls, and the generous portions of Sashimi and Nigiri. My wife and I have to eat here at least once a week. I travel the world for a living and have had Sushi in many countries over the years, but Lake Dora Sushi rivals any place I have been to- even in Japan. And, much like in Japan, you are a stranger but once when you come here. If you live in the area, you will become a regular here, and if you are from out of town, you will dream about coming back here. Highly recommended!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,2/8/2012,108,251,4,6,6>I stopped in to see their new space for the Replicated art show this Saturday night and I absolutely love what they've done. The space is set up with the gallery/DJ  in front and a long, cozy bar in the back. Good wine and craft beer choices, good tunes and a really nice vibe - hip but still laid-back.AND, their bartenders are the ones who caught the (alleged) "Thornton Park flasher" creepster... how can you not love 'em for getting that dude off the street?? ;)
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,2/7/2012,41,95,,5,4>A few friends and I decided to visit the Food Truck Bazaar in which a handful of food trucks got together so that everyone could sample what they offered - therefore getting hooked and wanting to hunt them down on the streets in the future.  This event was WAY packed and line waits were ridiculous.But regardless, I'm rating the food truck, not the event.  In a nutshell, I'd have to say that this was really good food.  The truck itself is bright yellow so it would probably be hard to miss going down the road.  The menu is simple - a photo of each food item they have, and each with a number and description so it's easier to order.  They have 12 food items, including Ribs, Wings, Fried Cheese, and of course subs and tacos (beef, chicken, or spicy pork).You have to wait a bit though.  The food is made fresh so even after waiting in line for quite some time just to order, you have to wait even more to get your food.  I ordered the Beef Taco Box, which I think was delicious.  It just melted in my mouth.  I wasn't too fond of the spicy chicken wing that it came with though.  The fried tofu was different, but definitely good, too.Overall, I'd say for the freshness of the food and the overall experience of ordering from a food truck on the side of the road, the wait could be worth it.  Like I said, I visited this truck during an event, so wait time was exaggerated.  Though I really liked the food, I don't know if I would bother pulling off the side of the road to visit a food truck though.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,2/6/2012,72,39,4,4,3>I've been to Ceviche twice in the past 2 months for two separate celebrations.  I really like the atmosphere of the place.  It's casual yet full of energy whenever I come.  Generally, I like the whole tapas experience since it kind of forces you to interact with the people you're with. It's also an excellent excuse to pick off of someone else's plate without it being considered rude.  The price for the serving can often be too much for what I usually like to spend on dinner, especially on tapas portions, but overall it's a great place to come to once in a while.This time around we ordered the ceviche de atun (tuna), codillo de cordero (braised lamb shank), portobello relleno (stuffed portabellos) and croquetas. Everything was delicious, but my favorite for that evening was a tie between the ceviche de atun and the portobello relleno.  Any of their ceviches are actually pretty delicious (I would hope so since it's the restaurant's namesake).  I was also pleasantly surprised at how large the spinach stuffed portabello was. The braised lamb shank was ok.  The lamb itself was really good and it didn't have a potent gamey taste to it like I've had at other places, so that was a plus.  However, the broth and whatever else was in it didn't really appeal to my tastebuds so it lost points for that.  And maybe it's because I had the croquetas last and was already full at that point, but I thought that they were too fried and oily for my full stomach to handle. I wish I would've ordered the ox tail instead of the lamb shank though, but unfortunately for me my boyfriend isn't a big fan of ox tail. Maybe next time...All in all I would recommend this place to anyone.  Once piece of advice: don't come on a saturday night with a large group unless you have reservations. And even then, I'd probably try to schedule a larger group dinner on a weeknight or even maybe a friday night. I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit. Hope to see you there!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,2/5/2012,128,118,7,10,5>Hole in the wall chicken joint at it's best!I've been coming here for years and have waited for it to have it's own yelp page! lol  When all i want is some good wings to take home this is my "go-to" Tucked away next to a gas station is this chicken wing treasure that needs to be shared by all! :)  A cute asian old couple owns this and it trips me out when they take my order and then relay the message to the kitchen staff in spanish!  Picture it!  Asian accent en espanol! lol  Besides that, the food is legit! Lemon Pepper wings with their hot sauce on the side is the TRUTH!  They also have lots of fried fish on the menu... the flounder is good!  This place is worth checking out!  Those that go... already know!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,2/4/2012,152,101,4,13,12>The Crooked Spoon Burger is seriously up there on my list of favorite burgers in Orlando.  It's the perfect mix of sweet, savory, smokey, meaty, juicy, gooey, with a little bit of heat yumminess that is this burger.The mac n' cheese is also some of the best I've had.  It has a 6 cheese blend (one of which is blue), BACON, roasted red peppers, and toasted breadcrumbs on top.  It's to die for.The chips are seriously addictive.  Me and my bf crave these things now.  They're homemade chips then they sprinkle em' with some rosemary, salt and pepper blend.  They're awesome.The apple papaya sauce is delicious and it's a perfect, refreshing end to all the amazing, artery clogging food you just ate.Check em' out and bring tons of wet naps ;)
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,8/20/2011,333,174,7,5,4>I feel that an updated review is necessary as my last two trips have yielded unfortunate outcomes. I previously reported how awesome the grilled cheese is, but I'm going to have to retract that. It was as though they forgot what the "grilled" in the grilled cheese sandwich meant. I'm pretty sure it was microwaved with only a sprinkle of cheese. :/Before anyone jumps on me, I realize that this is a pub and I should expect nothing more than bar food, but I ASSURE you that the grilled cheese was once a party in my mouth.  The party has fizzled. To say that I'm disappointed would be a huge understatement. On a more positive note, the bartenders (Keith and Dave) are still awesome and very personable. I'm also happy to report that I have 20 something beers left on the beer list until I get 10% off for life! ;) ... sorry, liver.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,8/19/2011,60,246,5,8,7>After living in South Korea for a few months I can honestly say that I REALLY REALLY missed Korean street food, and that this place brought it all back!Although, I didn't see any taco trucks during my stint in Seoul...Koreans in general love Mexican food (Mexican restaurants are a plenty there).  So it is logical that the advent of Korean-Mexican food has occured in the states.Tonight I finally got to try the taco truck with the hubs and room mate in tow.  We took fellow Yelper's advice and bought drinks at the Citgo, heck we even filled our tank there.  We then proceeded to order the beef taco box.  Our boxes were made to order, and the three owners inside the truck run a clean operation wearing gloves, and even worked around each other in an orchestrated manner to produce our three boxes.The beef taco box contained two rice covered beef balls, 2 pieces of fried Kim Bap (Korean style Sushi, kim=seaweed, bap=rice) stuffed with golgi (marinated beef), 2 fried cabbage and cheese dumplings, shredded lettuce with a ginger based dressing.  Two pieces of radish kimchi (ggakdugi), one spicy chicken wing, and one beef taco with three special sauces (spicy mayo, bulgoli, and maybe chili?).  All that for 5.99$ !!  Although if I go again I may ask for an additional taco or an extra order of the AWESOME kim-bap!  It was that addictive, and I think I may need to go back tommorow to get my fix.**Also, I asked the owner if they were planning on being open on the weekends, and he said they had not decided yet.  So I say you all start visiting them and ask the same question to show there is some interest so we can get our fix on Saturday nights!!!!My one wish is that they eventually make some authentic street food like buttered squid and tteokbokki, or even Korean style waflles and ice cream for dessert!!!!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,8/18/2011,308,67,11,4,3>If you don't like this place, you're a real d#*k!Wanna sit on a couch but tired of the leather sticking to your butt in your living-room? Boom! Downtown Credo!Only have a few coins from aforementioned sofa in your pocket/buttcrack? Boom! Downtown Credo!Looking for free wifi, and a relaxing/quiet/workable atmosphere? Boom! Downtown Credo!The guys here are working hard, and it shows. in weeks and months to come you'll hear more about this place, and will probably attend one of their upcoming concerts/poetry slams. so check it out today so you know which couch cushion is the softest. (I'm not telling ;-)
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,8/17/2011,100,218,,10,5>Dragonfly is a terrific addition to restaurant row and one that will last for years to come.  I visited for the first time this evening and was pleasantly impressed by the dark wood meets modern look of the interior.  My companion and I were quickly seated and chose to eat at the bar instead of a table.  Service was quick, friendly efficient.  Points to our server for asking us if we would prefer the house soy sauce or a lower sodium version and for offering several other sauces as well.I ordered yellowtail sashima ($6 for two large pieces) and the spicy tuna sashima ($6 for three large pieces).  Both were fresh, tender and flavorful.  The spicy tuna was my clear favorite as it packed a lot of flavor and had just the right amount of heat to compliment the fresh tuna.  A definite winner.  Having finished my protein, I ordered an avocado hosomaki (avocado rolled in rice and seawood).  It was flavorful and an excellent way to cleanse my palate.My companion ordered a wild salmon hosomaki and a tuna hosomaki.  He reported that both were excellent and closed off his meal with an equally well received octopus hosomaki.Having discovered Dragonfly, I will no longer visit Amura or Seito Sushi.  Dragonfly is a winner.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,8/16/2011,1381,1517,5,3,3>Today is the day. . .yes, the day I am introduced to Big Wheel. . .cue in Proud Mary. . . Love how organized and efficient everything is run. Decided on veggie 5 sandwich with the grit cakes. Good decision. It's kinda of an oxymoron to have such delicious and serious food coming from a truck. I think junk and cotton candy and crap food. However, the food has obviously fresh and quality ingredients, and the menu items seem really well thought out. The chefs here really know and understand food. This is the vibe I got while eating it. I have a great appreciation and respect for this truck. . .I feel fortunate to be able to experience it. Big Wheel keep on turning!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,8/15/2011,40,38,4,11,5>Located inside of a typical Saint Cloud style house, the kitchen is open and appears very clean. I had breakfast and it was worthy of coming back again. I am sure I will soon return as my partner was an instant fan. Apparently he had one of the best omelets he has ever had, I had biscuits and gravy which I am some what of a B&G snob, so they were not the best I have had but definitely not the worst.  The owner was very friendly and was an active owner, serving tables and giving the small restaurant a nice home feel, after all you're in an old cute house.I have got to try the lunch and/or dinner menu so I will be going back and suggest that you try it for some down home good food.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,8/14/2011,178,174,4,7,4>If you are an un-adventurous eater, then this review ends here for you - don't bother. However, if you love stepping outside of your comfort zone (i.e. eating with no utensils), then this place is perfect.  I usually avoid I-Drive like the plague, but our original dinner plans fell through nearby so we decided to brave the tourist mania and give Nile a try.  I walked in fully intending to try the vegetarian platter that everyone raves about.  However, our server changed my mind when she told us about how meat plays an important role in her culture.  She recommended the Chicken Doro Wat as the best thing on the menu.  How could I say no?  My fellow diners ordered the Lamb Special (spicy) along with some honey wine, which they make themselves.  Everything is served on one platter since sharing is encouraged.  I quickly devoured mine and worked my way over to the lamb.  Everything was SO flavorful! The bread that you use to eat with had just enough vinegar to balance out the spiciness of the meat.  The side of collard greens and red lentils also provided a nice break from the heat.We finished with their yummy coffee and left feeling very full and happy.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/13/2011,171,134,6,7,6>I will have dreams about that cast iron skillet fish filet. It was absolutely amazing. My more manly half and I wandered in here late this fine Wednesday evening and ordered a couple pork summer rolls to start. Nice, fresh, good seasoning on the pork, alas no bits of peanut to be seen. He ended up with the pho pork with pork knuckles in it, pretty tasty. My fantastic explosion of mouthwatering fishy goodness was initially ordered by him on our previous trip here; on that fateful day, after one bite I was ready to fight him for it, so today I got my own. Soooo good. Highest NOMs.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/12/2011,469,289,,12,6>It's shady business to add testimonials to your website before you have even opened. This practice made me very weary of even trying this restaurant and I hope they have learned their lesson. The good news is that I was pleasantly surprised.You walk in and you are greeted with smiling faces and trendy upscale decor. It reminds me of where some Bollywood actor might want to go for lunch. The chairs are comfy seats with a back pillow, the restaurant is sparlking clean and pictures of India adorn the walls. The lunch menu has both vegetarian and meat entrees. I chose the Lamb Vindaloo, in which the server cautioned me that it is a spicy dish. I was okay with that, I love lamb vindaloo in general. The lunch prices are a great value and include nan - raita- mint chutney, a vegetable samosa and a small dessert. The lamb vindaloo was very good, spicy but not super spicy. There were plenty of lamb chunks, my only wish was for a little more potato and a few more of those vinegar onions mixed in, but the didn't skimp on the lamb that's for sure. The nan bread was not very hot, which was a little bit of a disappointment but it was still very good. I do know that some places will place bread in the microwave to heat it up and seem like it just came out of the oven. They didn't do that here, the nan was fresh but it obviously didn't just come out.The mint chutney was spicy, the raita was good, just a little more subtle in flavor than what I'm used to but I enjoy it just the same. The samosa was also wonderful. Everything arrived on nice porcelain white dishes, sauces in white scoop bowls which had a very modern feel. This isn't a traditional Indian style restaurant but the food is deserving.The highlight for me was the dessert probably because I've never had this dessert before and I had to look it up on the internet later to figure out what it was. It was a carrot dessert which came in a small scoop bowl, just the right portion size to enjoy without being to filling. Gajar Halva or Haajar Halwa is a sweet carrot pudding desert. It's made with little shredded pieces of carrot, sweet milk, cream, sugar with little slivers of almonds. It was delicious and a new discovery for me. Saffron fits in well among the other restaurants in area. It's feel is a bit more upscale and trendy but the food and service are worthy.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/11/2011,363,344,7,5,6>FINALLY! I can finally say I've been to the Ravenous Pig. I saw a review done for this place by yelp-master Colleen a long time ago, and was always intrigued.  I was in the winter park area on business and was looking from the gps to the different properties lining the street (trying to find my destination) when I saw I was passing right by the Ravenous Pig.  I rubber necked, looking back in astonishment at what I'd stumbled across.  I made the mental note that when I was ready to leave the area, I would have to stop in for lunch.-Fast forward-I cross the two lanes of oncoming traffic and pull into the little driveway.  I expected to find a parking lot but I realized last minute that it is the valet area.  No point in being a cheap-o and trying to back out I guessed. It is complimentary after all.  The gentleman working valet was nice and was happy to finally see a manual transmission car in the sea of automatics he'd been parking.  That had me walking in the front door with a smile and I was instantly intercepted by a hostess. I told her I'd be sitting at the bar and she informed me I was more than welcome to.  I took my seat and at the time there was only one other person at the bar.  The room had a warm welcoming feel, and I attribute it to the brown wooden colors and the smiling faces.  I was given a menu by the bartender and ultimately selected the Oyster and Shrimp Po'boy,fries and a Pint of Lost Coast Ale.  My eyes wandered around while I sipped my Ale, taking in my surroundings.There is a chalkboard on the wall noting the various Ales they have on tap as well as advertising the next pig roast.  There were 2 flat screen tvs in the top corner of the bar area, so I was able to catch up on my sports center.  My presence at the time lent the most diversity to the room aside from one of the bartenders.  Before I knew it my food came out and I was MORE than content.  The Po Boy tasted fresh and hot, second only to my Po'Boy experience in N.O.L.A . The fries were fresh, and crispy and complimented the Po'Boy well.  Add the Ale and you have yourself a delicious lunch.  The bartenders were attentive and even asked what type of napkin I would like based on the fact that I was in business attire for work.  I find little things like that to be telling.  I made sure that since I didn't have any cash that I added the tip for the valet to my card and got it back in cash.  Good thing I did, because when I went to retrieve my car, the valet attendant took OFF! The man was moving like Usain Bolt!  Before I knew it my car was in front of me and I was off!  The Ravenous Pig did not disappoint in any way.  I came in not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised.  Can you say Clean bathrooms?  I give the Ravenous Pig 5 stars for making my day and giving me a reason to come back.  The next time you find yourself "ravenous" you know where to go, but don't let the name fool you because this place is no pigsty!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,9/21/2011,115,241,4,11,4>I normally wouldn't have gone all the way to Heathrow for salon services but I purchased a really great deal on odeals and figured it would be worth the drive. This was a beautiful salon/spa and if I lived closer I would be there all the time for a mani/pedi. The spa sitting room is very pretty and serene, although I wish they had an actual table so you're a little more comfortable eating the spa lunch.The massage and facial were both excellent, and the pedi was nice.Overall a fantastic experience and I highly recommend this place.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,9/20/2011,369,271,1,4,3>I know almost nothing about Columbian food but I know plenty about GOOD food and this place is far beyond "good" and in a class all it's own.  Entering the place is a little odd because you just kind of "enter" there is no hostess stand or anything.  Before you will even get a chance to think "umm what now" the friendly staff will be right there ready to seat you.  The entire place is clean and well kept.  They have two full bars for those that like to party while they dine.  The staff is responsive and eager to answer your questions if like me you have no idea what you are ordering.  The menu seems a little overwhelming if you aren't familiar with the style of food but it's nothing to be afraid of.  The beans are amazing, the rice is perfectly done and the addition of an over-easy egg on top only makes these staples that much better.  It's the proteins that make the food extraordinary.  The black sausage is well seasoned and absolutely wonderful.  The steak was perfectly tender and also full off flavor.  Everything on my plate was an amazing experience in it's own right.  The real gem though was the fried pork skin.  I don't even know how to explain how amazing this sinful and delectable slice of piggy was.  It was a decadent addition to the already full and complete platter of perfection.  If you are looking for excellent food that is well seasoned and portions that will leave you immobilized then this is the place for you.  This is one of those places that you take out of town friends or family to show off Orlando.  I will be a regular here, I'm hooked.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,9/19/2011,631,1145,2,9,5>Homegrown Local Food Coop is slow food at its finest. Homegrown provides produce, meats, eggs, garden supplies and various canned items from local producers while supporting sustainable practices. You can get your food one of two ways:1. You place an order online on their "Market" between Sunday at 5pm and Wednesday at 9am. Your order is available for pick-up at their North Orange Ave. location Thursday between 2-8pm or for a fee you can have it delivered to your door. (Your first two online orders are free, then there is a $40 membership fee. Your online order is discounted compared to surplus purchases)2. You can drop by their North Orange Ave. shop for "surplus" on Thursdays from 2-8pm. You'll have a much smaller selection with this option.Since I missed the online deadline I swung by the shop last week. First, the parking. There is a tiny, barely noticeable driveway immediately north of the building. I missed it (three times!) because it is gravel and grass and is unlit. The girls working the shop were friendly and helpful and gave me tips on preparing the food I bought. I'd never cooked an acorn squash before but it was really delicious! They didn't have a huge assortment (this was surplus/leftovers) but I did get a whole free-range, grass fed chicken from Pasture Prime (pastureprimewagyu.com), quinoa polenta, and a handful of different squashes. I also picked up a delicious Blueberry Disaronno (Disaronno is a type of Amaretto) spread.Although I love the concept I really wish they had more of a fruit selection. This is February and the only things available are citrus fruits and organic strawberries at $7 a pint? I love snacking on apples, pears and other grab and go fruit but there are none available. I know their focus is local but it would be nice to have organic options available for fruits not grown in our state.I placed my first online order and was impressed with the selection (except for fruits, mentioned above). They have many options from great companies such as Olde Hearth Bakery, Winter Park Dairy, Heart of Christmas, Raphsodic Coop, Global Organics and more. Ordering was a breeze and now that I know where to park picking up will be a breeze as well!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/18/2011,144,100,2,4,3>My first visit to the Green House (aka. Dandelion Communitea Cafe) was nothing but spectacular! I have to admit that I am pretty tough on vegetarian food especially with such high expectations. This place blew me out of water, actually out of space.... This is a truly gem of Orlando. If you haven't been here, it is time to make every effort to visit this place. I happened to stumble upon the infamous $5 Giddyup Mondays and today was Monday, how lucky I was! dandelioncommunitea.com/… I had a mouthful of deliciousness, served as a salad. I got giddy with spring greens, crumbled blue corn chips, their famous chili, fresh diced tomatoes and scallions with vegan cheddar.Gawd--- I am in heaven! Even better, I added the Sweet Potato Vegan Brownie and that was out of the world too. EVERYTHING is healthy here, dead flat period. You WILL NOT find Coke, Pepsi, Sprite here.... If you have celiac disease then this is the place to go to since they serve zallions of gluten free stuff :) Celebration of life and organic fare begins here. JUST GO GO GO GO GO THERE! Kudos to the GREEN HOUSE.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,9/17/2011,197,592,4,4,4>Do yourself a favor and stop by here for some jerk chicken!  Incredibly flavorful, tender chicken that falls off the bone when you try to pick it up alongside a large portion of rice of your choice. It's a big meal -- when you get it to go, they pack one of those three-segment styrofoam to go boxes full to the brim [see photo].I've had one or two other things but I keep coming back for the jerk chicken.  It has some pretty serious heat to it, but the flavor is second to none!  Actually, the first time I had it the heat was a bit too much for me, and the chicken was cold before I could finish it (although I did). I kept coming back and it got easier.Don't be a wuss like I was, try it!  Remember, it only burns twice!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,9/16/2011,293,472,8,7,7>"You know what kind of Fish you just ate?" as Gordon points to the title of his menu, "Be Back Fish, Gordon's Be Back Fish, cause I know you'll be back"I heard about this place from a friend who is a vegetarian but secretly cheats and eats here because it's so good!I was told to go and try the shrimp but I forgot to on this visit so you know I will do just as Gordon told me and "Be Back" to try em.Ordered the fish dinner and selected trout as my fish. The dinner comes with 2 hush puppies 3 or so pieces of fried fish on top of 2 piece of white bread and 1 side such as grits, coleslaw or potato salad. It also comes with fries if you want.Skipped the fries I figured the fish was more than enough fried food. My first and favorite side was the excellent cheese and butter grits. Most places make them very bland these were a lot better than that, Very Tasty!My trout had the skin fried on it, it was kinda good but had a couple small bones left on it. Served with tartar sauce I tried to make a sandwich out of it with the bread and tartar. I tried a sample of my friends fried Basa fish and though it had the same breading/seasoning on it I found it to be much more tangy and flavorful. There are about 4 other type of fish you can order, catfish, whiting, perch, talapia.They also serve wings and shrimp.To top it all off they have a few different kind of desserts, Red Velvet Cake, Tater Bread,  Sweet Potato Pie and my choice, Peach Cobbler. They couldn't heat up the cobbler for it so I was a bit worried but it was still super tasty and YUM!Gordon was right, I will be back, with reinforcements!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,9/15/2011,34,214,4,4,8>Well of course I am a fan!!! Yeah it's a DIVE!!!!!! and it smells like seafood, but this is truly how oysters should be served up shucked in front of you in the shell ;-)!!! We sat at the bar, had a pitcher, couple buckets of oysters, fries and corn on the cob,.... all was fantastic!!! Disclaimer: This is not for people who cannot handle Dives!! yes it smells like seafood,... but come on! that is what they are famous for. This is also not for people who want linen on their tables or for those who can't "rough it" a little,... the bathroom is dark and tiny. All that being said,... it's awesome!!! and an original, authentic, diamond in the rough antique in Orlando. Kept looking at my hubby and saying,... Why haven't we ever been here before???
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/14/2011,128,156,3,4,4>Note: I went more for the night life and did not indulge in their menu offerings.I highly suggest arriving early or wearing comfortable shoes. The parking situation is kind of ridiculous, however the actual establishment is HUGE! We did not use the valet service, but my feet would have appreciated doing so, especially after dancing in heels all night. There was a rather mixed crowd. The shows were decent and entertaining. The bathroom lines were long but seemed to move fast. The co-ed bathrooms made for an interesting mix, similar to many of the bars I have been to in NYC. I love that there were several rooms that you could migrate throughout. There are a few more private quieter rooms for conversation sake, the dance floor was fun, since I am married I did have to try to avoid the boys on the bar (I know they have NO interest in me, but I should still be respectful!) so be aware of that situation, the outside bar on the water is nice too. I highly suggest this place for a night of fun with friends or if you are just looking for something different from the usual downtown craziness.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,9/13/2011,181,355,2,10,7>Blank Space is a game changer for downtown Orlando!With it's recent overhaul, it is now an art gallery and live music venue with a large craft beer selection that will continue to expand it's offerings. It is NON-smoking! A huge feat for a downtown bar!!The bar owner, Dave, is a top shelf bartender with charm, wit and an open mind. He will tell you about the beer and tell you how to appreciate it. He'll let you play DJ and pick what the house music will be, or you can play a few songs from your iPhone/MP3 player via a connector cable. He's cool with it!Highly recommended if you're tired of the frat bars, rave booty music and cig smoke that infests so many venues downtown. A place like this makes downtown worth visiting again.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/12/2011,426,190,6,8,3>Once again, BEST CHEESE STEAK IN THE WORLD! I got a kids meal this time =] It came with chips and a drink for under $5.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,6/8/2011,19,45,6,7,4>We randomly went here because we were intrigued by the signage, and wondered aloud, if this shit could indeed be b-a-n-a-n-a-s.If you too, are wondering this, then wonder no longer: Bananas is mofo bananas.Terrible puns aside, the decor hit us like a brick to the face. This brick may have been made of solid awesome, cause the decor's like some swank retro bar with padded red+black checkerboard tiles and classy black and white movie star posters on the wall. You'll probably feel like you need to smoke a cigar there, even if you've never touched one in your life. It'd just seem *right* doing it there.Onto the main attraction -- food! Food is delicious and hearty and the menu's set up in such a way that I really want to go back and try the weird crap they put on there -- things titled like the 'Garbage Plate' makes me either drool or wonder aloud how far I'd get into it before suffering a heart attack (this is a good thing) so it gets an A+ in the weird diner food department.We had the soup o' the day (potato soup!) which was so creamy and delicious that I could make a blanket out of it and just nap inside of it. We also split the loaded fries and I got a wonderful little NY-style dog, which I expected to just be a regular dog with some Sabrett's on it - it's not, these are classy little weiners that come on a toasted flavorful bun and the onion sauce looks and tastes like it was homemade. It was not the Sabrett's dog I was expecting - it was better!The service is great, the fellow taking care of us was super friendly and even accommodated our odd little request to try their super hot ghost pepper sauce when we saw another couple doing their "15 Minute Wing Challenge" deal, which charges you to down 15 wings slathered in this weapons-grade-you-seriously-have-to-sign-a-waiver hot sauce. Being young and impulsive, we asked for a small small small cup of this. We still had to sign the waiver. We tried just a dab of it, and it's surprisingly flavorful and complex for such a hot hot hot sauce. If it didn't rage through my mouth like a fiery phoenix of inferno-death AFTER I got a good taste of it, I'd probably eat the wings, so if you like it hot, give those suckers a try.Overall, the staff were super-friendly and the combined quirkiness of the place and the quality of the food was pretty awesome. It's also a pretty darn good value for the amount of food you get.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,6/7/2011,238,467,2,7,4>There are quite a few places to grab a sandwich in the Milk District, this one though... I think I like it the best.  Ambiance - Modern and comfortable.  A small joint certainly but they manage to make the place feel spacious.  I dig that as you walk to the bathroom, you walk next to the kitchen.  Anyplace that allows you to see them making your food gets a thumbs up from me.  Also, some old school metal was playing while I was there.  I loved having lunch listening to Ozzy, AC/DC, and Metallica.  People - Super cool, very friendly.    The FOOD:  Man, yeah.  I had the Rick Reuben which at first I was tentative to try.  Pastrami, sauerkraut, jalapeno hummus, horseradish cheddar and a spicy agave nectar on rye.  The waitress told me they mix agave nectar with siracha which sealed the deal as a must try for me.  Holy awesomeness!!  This was an amazing sammy.  A true blue-ribbon winner!  The spice went well with the subtle sweetness of the agave and the sourness of the sauerkraut, the hummus acted like a condiment (think instead of mayo) and the portion of meat to bread to cheese was spot on.  I loved this sandwich so much, I didn't even miss that there was no pickle.  That is sayin' somethin'.  Something good!Go check it out!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,6/6/2011,41,95,2,4,3>My girlfriend and I live in the SODO area, and thought the only Yogurt place was YogoBerry, which we weren't fans of.  After driving by this shopping center, we noticed Chilly Spoons.  We walked in and were instantly in love.  They had everything a FroYo place should have.  One wall of just yogurt with a nice variety.  And a whole 'nother wall of toppin's.  Sooo many toppings.  All in special dispensers to keep people from germing them up :DThe prices are pretty average.  Nothing special compared to other FroYo places.  The staff are always perky and polite.  The decor is bright and welcoming, and their is plenty of seating inside if you plan on eating in.  We usually take ours to go since we live right around the corner from this location.Although I'm a big fan of this Chilly Spoons, the only thing I have negative to say is that they should either have a larger selection of yogurt, or rotate flavors so that with every visit you can try something new without being repetative.  All in all, a place I know we'll be visiting again and again to fulfill our sweet tooth.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,6/5/2011,372,220,2,13,8>Teriyaki House is a paradox. It neither serves teriyaki nor is it a "new york style" Chinese fast food place as it appears from the outside/inside. It does serve the "americanized" Chinese food we are familiar with (general tso's chicken and its fried, sweet, battered ilk that we Americans just so love), but the essence of Teriyaki House lies within its traditional Taiwanese dishes.A true mom and pop shop (run entirely by an elderly couple), Teriyaki House lies on the southwest corner of Kirkman Road and Colonial Dr (SR 50), just north of the SR 408 exit for Kirkman. Inside, Teriyaki House is a hole in the wall type joint, with four tables and about 16 seats, various Christian relics adorn the walls and a small TV plays the latest Taiwanese gameshows and news. The clientele is mostly Chinese ( a good sign).There are two menus here: an "American" menu in English with the above-described items, and a "Taiwanese" menu, entirely in Chinese. Their "Taiwanese" menu posed a problem for even our most Chinese-literate friend on this visit to the shop. But luckily enough, I could figure out a few of the items from a group of photos of dishes that they had on the wall. I pointed to them and the lady nodded and smiled, not sure if she really understood what I wanted...The food takes a while to finish as there are only the two of them at this place, which is understandable. It was fun not really knowing what to expect to come out from their kitchen.Our drinks were the sweet iced black tea and iced lemon tea, Taiwanese staples, and extra sweet and refreshing. The first dish came and it was fried tofu stuffed with garlic and topped with lettuce and a sweet/salty sauce. The tofu was crispy, fresh, and delicious to eat. It tasted just like what my grandma would have made at home.Our first item was the appetizer sampler platter of mushroom, Taiwanese sausage, hard boiled egg, collard mustard greens, and tofu topped with green onions, parsley, and bean sprouts, which we thoroughly enjoyed.There are also these lunch combos that come with rice, stir fried green beans, chinese sausage, hard boiled egg, and a entree of your choice. My companions and I decided to get the Taiwanese style stewed beef and the fatty pork dish which was literally fat layered with pork and soft and buttery to the touch.Apparently, you can also ask the chef to cook to order any number of Taiwanese dishes not on the menu. I saw one lady come in with a bitter melon from the 1st Oriental Supermarket down the street and asked the chef to cook it to order.Overall, I was very satisfied with my dishes at Teriyaki House, a diamond in the rough. They all tasted home made and incredibly fresh. Check it out!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,6/4/2011,52,143,3,4,3>Starbucks better sit up and pay attention on this one. Coffee is a simple thing, start with quality fresh beans, brew between 195 and 200 degrees at the right strength, sweeten lightly cream if you like and enjoy. Not only does Axum Coffee go by the book on this, they should write the book. I have never had coffee from a shop so Delicious in my life. It is a miracle that the coffee is so flavorful and strong without being bitter. See some other places "cough cough Starbucks cough cough" insist on brewing as close to 205 degrees as they can thus providing that bitter burnt taste that makes you drown the coffee in sugar to dumb down the flavor. If you are as tired of this as I am then please drive to Winter Garden and have a taste of the greatness that is known as Axum Coffee. I am a simple coffee drinker so I haven't tried the more fancy drinks. I'm not a real moch-frapa-latte-chino kind of guy. I like it simple. That being said, I still find countless people enjoying these fancier beverages all around the shop. The price is also much cheaper than those "other" places. I'm tired of going to the local Four-bucks , and struggling to drink that bitter black urine they call coffee. Now enough Starbucks bashing, and ranting. Lets focus on something more positive. At Axum you will find a very comfortable shop full of couches, nice seating, TVs, a scrabble table, a little kids seating area complete with with a TV for cartoons, and the wonderful aroma of good quality joe. This is the ideal place for a relaxing time, especially if you are an avid coffee fan like myself. Right in the middle of Winter Garden's Plant Street you will not find a better place for a quality cup of joe. Doug the coffee addict out.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,6/3/2011,333,174,8,11,9>I'm extremely glad that they moved from their original location AND they now take cards instead of cash only. SWEET!  The Good Stuff:+ Non smoking inside (I don't have to set my clothes on fire after a visit!)+ TONS of craft beers. Don't know what you like? Ask for advice, it's happily given. Be adventurous! + Happy hour (5-7, I believe) with discounts on certain beers+ Laid back atmosphere and clientele+ Various events (art shows, beer/cupcake pairing, movie nights, bands performing, etc)+ Prices are often reasonable, depending on your selection+ Super close to my house (okay, that one is a little biased!) + A good amount of outside seating to accompany those that like to punish their lungs AND livers ;) The Not-So-Good Stuff:- Parking can be tricky, so get there early/on-time for events- Neighboring establishments are tow-happy. I've been towed before so be careful where you park! If you have to leave your car, just let the bar staff know. They'll hook you up!- Right across from Roxy (bleh!)If you haven't made it out yet, do it! Just don't be stupid and order something silly like Miller lite and you'll fit in just fine!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,6/1/2011,308,67,9,3,6>Yea, I ate that Box. I ate it real good!best thing in the entire taco box was the sushi. If you're a sushi lover you'll flip!this is not one of those Orlando things that you like "just because other cities have them, and you want us to fit in" -types of places. It has the legs to stand on it's own.go with the spicy option, but make sure you eat yours right away- not as tasty when they're warm. Gotta be hot!!!!another fun, interactive place to bring a date. And when you're done you can make out behind the as station and listen to Vanhalen on your walkman. i see you Cougars, I see you ;-)
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,5/31/2011,100,218,3,4,6>In a word . . . WOW!Rock & Roll Heaven has more used records than I have ever seen in any used record store, anywhere.  It also has huge used CD, used DVD and even used VHS selections.  The staff are knowledgeable music heads and old enough to remember the days of the 8 Track Tape.  If you enjoy music, liner notes and all of the joys of tangible media . . . you need to visit Rock & Roll Heaven, and you need to bring your credit cards, just to make sure you can buy everything you want!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,5/29/2011,178,174,,11,11>When I saw that a new sushi restaurant had opened up in Oviedo and the reviews were great so far, I almost couldn't believe it.  It looks like we're finally getting some awesome businesses in my part of town!The decor fits the name, modern white furniture with pops of pink.  The restaurant itself is a bit small, but since we were there on a Wednesday night, there was no wait.  The staff was extremely nice and attentive.  An empty plate never sat on our table for more than a minute and even the hostess came over to ask if we enjoyed our food. We started out with drinks - my husband ordered a beer ($8) and I got The Tango ($7).  My drink had a pepper-infused sake with mango puree.  I found the pepper to be a little too overwhelming for my taste.  As for the food, the best compliment I can give them is the fish tasted amazingly fresh.  Like "I just caught it ten minutes ago and fileted it right then" fresh.  We ordered the special which was a Wahoo Ceviche appetizer and it was as good as they promised.  We also got three rolls to share - Ceviche Roll, Black Widow Roll (soft shell crab), and Drama Queen Roll (spicy tuna, avocado).  All three had a perfect blend of flavors, which highlighted the quality of the fish.  I normally don't bother with dessert at sushi restaurants (none ever sound that appetizing), but when we read about all of the unique desserts they had to offer, we couldn't resist.  We decided on the homemade ice cream sampler which included a scoop each of green tea, maple ginger, toasted coconut, and salted caramel.  Delicious!  My favorite was the salted caramel and my husband loved the toasted coconut.In total we spent about $90 for everything, which I didn't mind because it was a special occasion.  Sushi Pop has become my go-to place for sushi!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/28/2011,469,289,7,19,12>When I opened to doors here I started to grin instantly. There is a little slice of food porn heaven hiding behind those doors in the form of a small Italian cafe and market. Fresh mozzarella, pastas, ravioli, tortellini, gnocchi are all available for purchase. A rack consisting of nothing but different types of olive oil. A deli counter with Italian meats, A refrigerated case with Italian beer, san pelligrino, and other Italian drinks. The market is full of wonderful little surprises.Old Italian Grandmas over in the corner discussing who is going to buy the sausage links, A table of twelve come in and kiss the chef on the cheek exclaiming "Ciao Bella!".For someone who has never been here there can be some confusion on how you would order food if you plan on eating for lunch. Grab a small table and they will come to you. You can also grab a drink out of their cooler or ask for tap water or coffee. Once you are finished if its a busy lunch you can just go up to the register to pay.The lunch menu features a wide variety of insalates, antipastas, paninis and dolci(desserts). What I really like about the menu is how authentic it feels, anchovies, porchetta, mortadella, marinated tuna, italian buffalo milk mozzarella, soppressata, marinated artichokes, goat cheese and the list goes on and on. I was here to try a panini and I went with the Lombardia which is prosciutto di parma, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, fresh basil, and basil pesto which is topped off with a little extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar.When it arrived I first noticed the nice plating and the bread which was crusty on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. You bite into the bread and get thr crunch and then the fluffy part condenses down onto the ingredients which makes it the perfect bite. Everything just works so well together, nothing is over powering or too salty, the bread is not too dense or too light, it's just right. The mozzarella was wonderful, fresh and had a nice clean flavor unlike a lot of processed cheeses.The olive oil and vinegar gave it just the right about of wetness and the panini as a whole just tasted really clean and fresh. I know clean and fresh are weird words to use to describe it but the balance combined with how fresh and subtle the flavors played with each other gave it that feeling. I'm sitting at this table watching the Italian music videos on the tv and thumbing through the paper menu I got at the counter. If only I wasn't so full the desserts seem so fabulous. Next time I'm making sure to save room because I have no will power against desserts like tiramisu, nuetella cheese cake  and lemoncello mascarpone.This is a welcome addition to the villages at Hunters Creek, authentic, wonderful service, delicious food and Italian goods will always keep me coming back.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,2/14/2013,171,134,4,7,5>It's so nice to have a nearby winery. Even though there aren't any vineyards onsite, (they do have one in Apopka, who knew!), they have a huge cask room for fermenting in-house. The same room also doubles as an event room for private parties, and you can take a tour through this room as well. Start off with a sample of wines, the owners will explain each variety and what you might like to pair it with, and will also give you a tour of the building. There's a nice outdoor area to congregate with friends over wine, as well as a very large, comfortable indoor area.  Wines are by sample, by glass, by bottle, or you can take a few bottles home with you, if you like. A very friendly, gentle collie-type dog (Kayleigh?) will greet you when you come in, she's very sweet. All in all, this is a pretty awesome addition to our area, and they didn't mind us asking where Scott Bakula was.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/13/2013,14,120,,8,4>Stopped in here after seeing it had opened.  I've seen the coming sign soon for a few weeks now and was very excited.  In the South Orlando/Hunter's Creek area there's not much in the way of Thai other than Thai Thani over in Celebration.Stopped in here on a Saturday for lunch.  We were greeted and sat right away.  The place looks nice and clean.  A little small so if you live nearby you may want to consider takeout... seems like it could get crowded quickly.  The service was very nice throughout the entire meal.  Very friendly waitresses who definitely care that you're having a good meal.On this trip we took advantage of their lunch special which gives you 20 different choices of Thai staples (ex. panang curry, massaman curry, thai basil, pad thai, thai fried rice, etc.) Almost all of them are 7.95, with a couple priced at 10.95.  With that you get the entree, rice, a spring roll, and a small house salad.  It's a really fantastic deal.  Since the lunch was so cheap I figured I'd splurge on a Thai iced tea.  It was very good, though I've never had one and can't really say if it's authentic or whatever.  I ordered the fried rice and my wife ordered the panang curry.  I originally ordered it hot, but the waitress talked me out of it.  They very nicely offered to bring out some of the hot sauce they use if I felt the medium was still not hot enough.  While I think I could have handled the hot, I'm glad I went for the medium as it really was a good blend of heat and spices.  My wife enjoyed her panang curry and it was enough that she had leftovers.Looking over the rest of the menu, their basic dishes are about 10-13$ in price which is very reasonable.  The lunch deal is awesome and will probably be something I take advantage of frequently.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/12/2013,111,174,4,2,2>Next time you are on Park Ave indulge yourself with the guilty pleasure that is Peterbrooke Chocolatier. I can't resist snagging a little sample of their caramel chocolate covered popcorn as I wander about looking at all the delectable goodies. But honestly although they specialize in making chocolates, this is one of my favorite spots on the avenue to grab a little cup of gelato. The flavors are always interesting and a wonderful indulgence. On my last visit they had a holiday specialty flavor - bourbon caramel gingerbread. Yeah it was as good as it sounds. Be sure to check-in before you buy too. I was surprised to find a little deal pop up in return. SWEET! (literally and figuratively).
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,2/11/2013,59,83,2,6,3>I don't know how authentic or how well "fused" their Korean is with BBQ but they are doing their thing! They are one of the more established trucks in Orlando, and have 3 truck fleet.  I'm late as hell...anyway, I had to see what the hype was about and I caught up with them at the Apopka Food Truck Roundup.Value - checkFlavor - checkVariety - checkSatisfaction - checkI got the #9 Spicy Pork taco box. A single large taco, that satisfied the beast in me along with a chicken wing, some fried rolls and ginger dressing salad.  It wasn't really spicy, just a bit of kick that will please those who like spice, but probably wouldn't alarm those that are spice adverse. The #9 is a great first meal to try, and I will definitely be going back to try more.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/10/2013,89,173,3,5,2>Slap me silly and call me un Schnitzel!  Bavarian House is the place to go for authentic German cuisine in a cozy cottage atmosphere.   It comes with a great (painted) view of the Alps and so much Bavarian decor, you'll think you've died and gone to pretzel bread heaven!On this visit, we had the Schnitzel Art and wow was it tasty!  It's so big that you really can split it (for a minimal $2 fee).  There is no way that one person can eat that huge piece of Schneitzel by themselves unless you were on a man vs. food competition!  The desserts are so good you want to rub them all over.  I mean, seriously, I could roll around in those strudels they were so good.So if you're in the Mt. Dora, area, be sure to drop by for some authentic German delights.  You'll be yodeling all the way home!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,2/9/2013,209,208,5,6,4>I'd been hearing about TJ's from a young man I work with who raved about their fish tacos, telling me, "Ms. Jessica, you HAVE to try them!"  So I did, and I kept on, and I'll keep on... keeping on. Not only are the fish tacos wonderful (I'd suggest fried over blackened because it makes the taco a little soggy), but the atmosphere is fun and the staff is AMAZING.  The first time we were in the guy talked our ears off and was really personable learning our names.  When we came in again he greeted us, by name, and made some off the menu suggestions that were yummy.  Not to mention, Thursday they have $1 drafts... always fun before class in Oveido.  Ha!  Young Yelpers, please disregard my last comment, I can be a bad influence...If you're in the area, I'd make sure to hit this place up.  I also hear they have a food truck, but haven't been graced to see it out and about.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,2/8/2013,206,163,3,14,7>Moshiso!!! (That means delicious in Korean)I love coming here, adn this is a long overdue review. The hodobogi (grandpa) will come out sometimes and ask us if we enjoyed our food. (He is usually cooking in the back if he's there.) He is sooo sweet and his cooking reminds me of good family style Korean food. Their pan chan (side dishes) are prepared themselves and always good tasting. (kimchi, fish cakes, pickled radish, bean sprouts, etc.) They switch it up often which is nice. I've had almost everything on their menu but to highlight a few of my favorite dishes: - Galbi (Korean style ribs) - pretty good - Pajeon (korean pancake) - one of my faves - Ojingo Bokkum (stir fry squid) - This is my absolute fave!! Nice and spicy and plenty of squid - Kimchi Jigae (kimchi soup) - Very good - Sweet and Sour Chicken - My son's favorite. (Very American style...breaded and fried chicken chunks with sauce drizzled over them) - Daeji Bulgogi (Spicy Pork) - Very deliciousThey have lunch specials they feature throughout the week. (Lunch boxes) Decent price and great food. Love the cinamon tea afterwards, to help with digestion and freshening your breath. ;)Great service and peaceful atmosphere.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/7/2013,77,335,2,4,3>I am thankful for this place, otherwise Orlando would be a cultural hell hole when it comes to film.  They are the only indie theater in the area and they are the home of the Florida Film Festival.   They also get Sundance movies along with stars of the films to talk afterward.  The theater is comfy and the food was excellent.  I also loved the outside bar area.  It would be nice to just go there for a drink, film or not.  Needless to say, I was impressed enough with the place to become a member on the spot.  I have been going to the NY Film Fest and Tribeca for years and I think the Enzian will make for a halfway decent substitute.   If you don't care for the Regal scene of crappola blockbuster films you must hit the Enzian!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,2/6/2013,101,248,2,6,4>First, there are two places in St. Cloud called La Bella Napoli and they are in strip malls across from each other. This one is the pizzeria. The other one does NOT serve pizza. Or, at least that's what they've told me each time I accidentally call them.Anyway... La Bella Napoli Pizzeria has the best pizza in St. Cloud, in my opinion. Great sauce and they don't skimp on the toppings! Service is quick and friendly. They also have by the slice options as well as sandwiches, calzones, and other pasta dishes. The only con is that they don't deliver to Harmony, which is understandable. The pizza would need reheating by the time it got there.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/5/2013,15,202,4,5,4>Like many others me and my sisters went last night for my birthday celebration because we are fans of Ravenous Pig. This is a hard place for me to review. I want to be very fair. The menu did not offer the type of food that was easy to find something we liked. I wish I had looked at it before we went. My recommendation is to do that but be open minded. Very creative cuisine. Upscale Southern cuisine.We had the oysters sampler, potted pimento cheese and creamy grits to start. Oysters  were pretty good. I would have preferred more big ones and creative sauces but it was fine. The pimento cheese was delicious! The grits was pretty good too but expensive at $12 for what you got. Really very little grits and I think two shrimp. My sister enjoyed her Cobia but it was a small offering. I had the duck which was lovely and fairly priced. My other sister had the tomato salad and didn't eat it. Definitely very marinated. She also had mac and cheese and enjoyed that. Last sister couldn't find much she liked and ordered the baby red beets. She liked it.Now time for dessert. I wish I would have had room for the Fried Dough. It sounded amazing. My sister ordered the Sweet Potato Pie in a Jar. All sisters had a bite and went nuts for it! I think it was the toasted coconut marshmallows that sent them over the edge. Oh and they were so kind and put a nice Happy Birthday note on the dessert plate. Sweet. Our service was wonderful! Adrienne (sp) took very good care of us. In summary, I would say it isn't my kind of food but if it is yours...give it a try. You won't find anything like it as it is very creative. Food is overall well done, service is great and the desserts rock!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/29/2014,71,131,2,6,5>Probably the shop I visit the most at East End Market!  Really beautiful set up.  A wall of all kinds of bread.  They offer a lot of other goodies aside from the wide variety of breads.  My favorites are the tarts that come in raspberry (my favorite), guava and strawberry.  The cookies are really good.  The peanut butter sandwich cookies are so delicious!  They also sell granola in a small package and larger package.  They have really good pretzels and pretzel buns too! Service is very friendly! I am always greeted with a smile.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,9/28/2014,20,59,2,6,2>Teak is situated in the Hampton's living complex in the Metrowest community of Southwest Orlando. They have been steadily growing a reputation for not only gigantic and delicious burgers but also for their award-winning cuisine and laid back dining atmosphere. Since opening its doors in April of 2010, Teak has specialized in hand-crafted burgers, craft beers and cocktails, using fresh, local and organic ingredients in every dish.With the help of Executive Chef Danny Otero, Teak has taken the gourmet burger scene in Orlando to a whole other level. Those burgers are becoming famous amongst the local dining community as well, with Teak having earned "Best Burger," "Top 10 Burger Joint," a "Must Do" in Central Florida and countless other recognitions. Visitors of Teak can choose from one of their 25 signature hand-crafted burgers like the Cronie Burger, which is a French doughnut tossed in Cinnamon and sugar loaded with beef and bacon or a PB&J Burger. Insiders get even more original and tasty options, with Teak's password-only secret burger menu.While it may be hard not to order one of those crazy good burgers at Teak, they do have a large selection of other dishes. Other offerings include, edamame, salads, steaks, ribs, flat breads, an eggplant burger, and fish tacos to name a few. The bar and cocktail menu has plenty to offer as well with over 30 craft beers on hand and gourmet cocktails plus a wine selection.In addition to all of that, Teak has 30 HD TV's and a 140" projector screen on a huge covered patio. The atmosphere here is laid back and playful, especially if you are there for trivia night on Friday's. There is plenty of seating inside, but the outside patio is huge with lots of seating that would make it a great place to watch some football. I can tell you we really enjoyed our time there, and all of the burgers and food we tasted were superb. We sampled a total of three burgers, one appetizer and split a desert, along with some beer and cocktails. The burgers are really massive, and the ingredient list is just as massive, so here goes:We started our night with the Fresh-Fried Mozzarella Rounds. These were deliciously panko crusted pieces of fresh mozzarella quick fried and served with marinara sauce. The Along Came Danny Burger is a 1/2 lb. Angus Burger topped with provolone cheese, pulled pork, fried plantain, tomato, cilantro mayo, lettuce, drizzled with mango cilantro and served on a brioche bun...whew. The Not Yo Nacho Burger is a 1/2 lb. Angus Burger topped with chili, cheese, sour cream, jalapenos, salsa, and of course, nacho strips on a pretzel bun. Think Nachos on a Burger. Chef Danny insisted we try the Brazilian Burger which is a 1/2 lb. Angus Burger with ham, egg over medium, potato sticks, lettuce and tomato on a brioche bun.All burgers come with a choice of side item. We chose the Garlic Bistro Fries, Beer Battered Onion Rings, and Sweet Potato Tots, all of which were very tasty. Most of the burgers are in the $10 to $12 range and that includes a side. When you consider that a lot of these fast casual gourmet burger joints have a similar price point, you soon realize that Teak is offering a lot of bang for your buck and quite honestly a much better burger.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/27/2014,124,483,5,6,4>I come here just for the natural cat food and the customer service.All 4 Pets is a small pet store so they don't have much, but what they do have is of good quality. The good customer service also helps.I have a 9 year-old-male Siamese who is very particular about what he will he eat (has been since he was palm-sized). He likes variety so he gets both wet and dry cat food but every now and then he decides that the current wet food entree isn't working for him.   The tough part is that generally the only meat that he likes is tuna (and the occasional bite of Peruvian chicken).I was looking for something new for him to try when I got a coupon for this place in the mail. After describing these pesky eating habits, the guy working recommended Tuna & Salmon sweet-cheeks by Best Friends Foods. It is low carb, grain free and made with wild caught fish. The best part is that my feline loves it.  They have a few other mixes of Tuna & something (e.g. beef, turkey, chicken, etc.) -- so far everything but the turkey mix gets his approval.On a different day, I was given a sample/can of 100% natural tuna with cheese by almo nature.  Since the feline does eat cheese (mostly cheddar & soft cheeses like Neufchâtel, cream cheese and cottage cheese), I figured I'd give it a try. Also, another success!Overall, they were really helpful in resolving my finicky feline dilemma - I hope these wet selections last awhile and I don't have to go "hunting" again anytime soon.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,9/26/2014,94,68,4,7,7>As soon as I heard about the Great Escape Room I became instantly excited!  I'm a lover of puzzles, riddles, brain teasers - anything of that nature really, so I thought this might be right up my alley.  I'm also a Law and Order watching junkie, so I may or may not have imagined myself as Detective Benson working to solve a huge case (don't judge me!).  Anywho...Hubby and I decided to check it out on a Saturday night.  Originally we had wanted to go with a group of friends, but everyone we invited already had other plans.  I'm not gonna lie, I was a little nervous at the idea of working with 8 other "strangers."  All it takes is one spoilsport to ruin things, right?  We arrived 15 minutes early per the instructions on the website.  The entrance is a single door located next to an Irish bar (keep your eyes peeled!)  There is a small waiting room upstairs that we sat in while waiting for everyone to arrive.  There is ping pong table in there as well.  A couple of our other group members even showed Hubby and I how to play, which was a lot of fun.  Once everyone had arrived, we met our guide, Captain Greg, who was going to be with us the whole time.  He escorted us all in to the room then, BAM, the doors closed and the timer started!  I don't want to give too much away, but basically you must find several clues hidden throughout the room and use those to solve multiple puzzles. Searching for the clues was a blast!  We were literally tearing things apart!  The group I was with had a great dynamic...some looked for clues while others started on the puzzles.  Plus everyone really had a good attitude and seemed to be having fun...luckily no spoilsports to report.  Captain Greg was awesome as well...he encouraged us the whole time and made sure we stayed on track.  I am sad to report my group did not escape the room, but we were SO close!  Another 30 seconds and we would've had it!  After the time expired, we went in to another room and Captain Greg went through all the puzzles with us, explaining any parts we may have missed.  We were also asked to fill out a feedback sheet, which I thought was nice - it's always great to know when a business is interested in what the customer has to say.  Finally we ended the experience with a group picture.  There were some cute props and signs to hold up.  Overall I loved The Great Escape Room.  Even though we didn't win, I walked out of there giddy like a school girl!  I seriously can't wait until they have more rooms.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,9/25/2014,192,107,5,8,8>My boyfriend and I stumbled into Frenchy's on a rainy Sunday. (Meant to try out Briar Patch but the line was quite ridonkulous.)This was the former home of a French bakery that has recently been remodeled and expanded into a full restaurant. The decor is modern, with lots of red lighting. The music was a bit too Kenny G/smooth jazz for me, which was a bit off theme for a French brunch but might work for their dinner atmosphere. While I'm not a beer drinker, I did notice French beers like Leffe and more. We had great service, though they were a bit slower than I expected, as the restaurant wasn't at full capacity. Our server was very attentive and courteous though. We took advantage of the buy one get one half-off mimosas, though the Champagne was a bit light on the mimosa. Orange is the only flavor. The brunch menu is full of plenty of options from quiche, croissants to omelets and more. I ordered the Petit Prince with toast and raspberry jam, while by boyfriend had the Raspberry Crepe with hash browns and scrambled eggs. The Raspberry jam is amazing! Very unique pressed and toasted baguette for your toast. Soft inside. Petit Prince's ham was a bit high on the saltiness, and would have liked a little bit more grueirre. Crepe itself was the best tasting crepe I've ever had in my life. It wasn't a "thin pancake" or "thin bread" that many French places serve. The crepe was cooked just perfectly to a beautiful color and texture. A small part of the crepe didn't have anything in it, but by then I was full anyway. It was a perfect size. I had a macchiato after brunch, but wasn't offered any sweetener for it, which is ok. It was made fresh and promptly for me. Overall, I really enjoyed this experience and intend on coming back...ESPECIALLY since I just saw the table next to me get fondue. How did I miss that?!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/24/2014,124,183,1,5,4>Awesome sauce to the max! Very small building, I would have gathered by all the crazy good reviews that this place is a big booming start up chain or something like that. Not at all the case. Very small & you can tell it's locally owned & ran (not that that's a bad thing bc it's not at all, if anything it's preferred). Wasn't sure at first how I felt about the place. The ambiance is modern quaint, so plus there. I did thoroughly enjoy the jazz band that was playing, they played their own rendition of Pink Floyd! I can say with full confidence that I am a jazz enthusiast & this was some of the best and most modern jazz music that I've ever heard, ... granted I had already downed a half a glass of 7% brew. Double plus. Lots of UNIQUE beers on draft as well as bottled! The food selection was amazingly high quality and extremely unique as well! Triple plus! I really liked that the chef kept an eye on the dining room to make sure he knew what was going on. I would see him looking through the pass just kind of overseeing the place. I could just tell that he really cared & wanted to make sure all his guests and customers were satisfied. Kudos to you sir of much concern! I would DEFINITELY recommend this establishment!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,9/23/2014,80,72,4,6,6>Second visit here.  I went by myself for lunch.  I really enjoy sushi, but might not consider myself a sushi connoisseur.  That said, I thought the selection and quality was very good.  They served one of my favorite rolls: salmon/avocado.  They did a pretty good job of keeping up with the demand, although it was not that busy that day I went.Beyond the sushi, there is a huge selection of food.  I had a little room for some other dishes, nothing extremely noteworthy, but the selection is so large most people would probably be able to find at least a couple of dishes to their liking.There's a nice large selection of desserts as well.  I managed to save room for some, and was extremely impressed with the fried sesame balls; yum!  As for the service: 5 stars this visit.  My server was nice as well as attentive.  There are so many Asian buffets around this area, but this one is my favorite.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,9/22/2014,210,146,2,8,5>This just recently opened in the SODO/Ft. Gatlin/Conway Area and was in the former Taqueria Del Sol location.This is the 2nd restaurant in the proposed chain and it's owned by former Orlando Magic and NBAer Quentin Richardson who has partnered with JacksonBrown Hospitality Group based out of Chicago. This location on the inside pretty much has been re done from the previous restaurant to include Hostess Stand, 2 Go stand, a Bar area and plenty of tables and booths. Interior is nothing too fancy basic comfortable family dining area with TV's. This location does include a decent sized patio area as well. Even with the full liquor bar you can tell this is not going to be a loud sports bar environment but geared more toward Family Friendly Wing Dining. The Menu! Massive to say the least, it's the classic something for everybody and then you have the Wings! All Flavors, All Heat Levels with up to 75 variations on flavors. Portion of everything seem to be pretty good sized. I had the boneless chicken with sesame sauce. It was very plentiful and had a very good flavor. With all the various combinations I will have to go back and try more. This location has not been opened very long but the place was packed. So I am thinking it's already a great addition to the area and will try again!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/21/2014,59,287,12,7,5>ALL HAIL SEITAN! ALL HAIL SEITAN!I stopped here for a very short moment, had a sandwich containing some aspect of Our Dark Soylent Lord, may His Infernal Crown Reign For Ever, and it was delicious. Better still was the outdoor seating area. There really is nothing like sitting outside at twilight after a long day, knowing that the food you eat is doing wonders for your body, while the soft breeze (from His Malignant Wings, may they ever Flap, and serve Him as he continually decimates the foul brood of His miserable opponents, those foul beasts of Heaven that seek to unseat Our Dark Lord Seitan, Cursed be all who oppose him, they who choose destruction in the Face of Our Dark God, Our Dire King, Long may He Reign as His Most Mighty Tendrils of Darkness choke all life from the sickening Unbowed) plays upon your face and shoulders.Next time I will most definitely try the garlic knots.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,9/20/2014,161,140,4,8,7>Get set. Ready? GO!!!! I had a blast with my friends here at Orlando Kart Center! We came on a saturday evening around 6 PM and it was just perfect. There was a total about 8 of us and there was plenty of karts available. We strolled in and signed up to be queue. The are only a few conditions you need to adhere to to ride these karts. These include that you agree to sign your life away (really, theres a waiver that says you can't sue them for whatever reason), above 5 ft tall, healthy condition and not preggers of course. I even wore shorts! They provided the helmets where you wear a layer of ski mask cover to protect the germs from the previous user. Although, the helmets were quite stinky. Bearable, but stinky. They should do something about that. After all the official stuff has taken care of (signing up and brief safety video), you can race! We all had the three 10 minutes races on these kart that goes up to 35 mph. After we all put our helmets on, we were instructed to get into our assigned karts. The races are timed for your go-kart so it doesn't really matter who goes first but how your individual performance is. I had such a great time! The first race was kind of a test run for me to get familiar and I even sort of spun out. However, by the 2nd and 3rd one I was golden. This place would be perfect for a team building, groups, and just friends that wants some friendly competition. Be sure to check out their website for special deals they have for Florida Residents and certain days in the week!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,8/16/2013,243,268,3,5,4>Like a phoenix rising from the flames...and an ode to pork chops.You see, there was a fire at H&M waaay back in October 2012 (read about that here, if you so desire wesh.com/news/central-fl… ) and they've just re-opened (praise your favorite deity) a couple weeks ago. So, I was without my absolute favorite breakfast joint in the entire world for about 7 months. Seven months, people! I know, I know. I was inconsolable. It's a small, clean, family-run place that serves delicious, woefully under-priced diner food. They do a huge take out business, have breakfast specials daily until 11am, staff is efficient and cordial, their parking lot is rocks and dirt, it's tiny inside, but their brekkie is lovely. I always get the same thing. Every time. And I hate it when people do that. Scrambled eggs (you get two), rye toast (two slices, and it's always too under-toasted), home fries (usually over-cooked, but I like that), and two breaded, fried pork chops.You can opt to get just one pork chop, just like you can opt to have the pork chop grilled (meaning on the flat top-no grill marks), but I've had that once and preferred the crunchy, juicy, slightly greasy fried version, myself. Add a slight sprinkle of salt and perfection. No, I can't eat both chops at one sitting, but the price is so damn cheap (less than $7), that I cannot justify NOT getting two so I can have one to make a PCS (pork chop sandwich-duh) later.  I'm just so happy they've re-opened so I could finally Yelp all about it! =)
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/15/2013,131,243,3,5,4>This is the new baby downtown for the owners of Bento around the corner.  Full disclosure - our daughter works for the owner in Gainesville, and we were invited to the "soft opening" last week.  Nice space with a modern but elegant bar, as well as tables to sit, but the feel and vibe might be more that of a bar, or a restaurant, than a "pub".  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap and wines by the glass or in the bottle, and a full bar - with just OK selection (or they're not yet fully stocked).  Food offered is a cross between tapas and bar food, with some interesting twists.  We split a "Season" salad, which was served in what looked like a large soup bowl. It looked small for the $6 price tag, but it was the presentation that didn't do it justice - served on 2 plates instead, it felt a lot better.  The vinaigrette was pleasant, but probably needs a little tarting in the presence of candied almonds and blue cheese (BTW, on principle, I much prefer folks not calling it inanely "bleu cheese", but, alas, it's quite common).  I liked my braised pork belly ($10) better than my wife's choice - it was sinfully fat, and I'm afraid I have to confess to scraping a few bigger chunks of lard off.  Heavenly smoky flavor, tender, and tasty, the only blemish was that the rind was not quite as delectable: it was neither tender nor crispy.  The former is probably impossible to pull off, which means tender is really the only option.  And yes, it can be done.  The beans soaked up the sauce and flavor beautifully, but the potato cubes felt slightly out of place - my personal preference might be to forego the starch that way, and just give me a hunk of artisan bread.  A couple of pieces of cabbage felt like they belonged more in the recycle tub - one of those muscular outer leaves guarding the more tender interiors.My wife's shrimp and grits ($12) was just OK - four shrimps, maybe 21-25 size.  They tasted fresh but otherwise undistinguished.  The person who made the grits should have heeded Joe Pesci's advice in My Cousin Vinny - cooking grits takes time, and this didn't have enough of it.  Don't think I like my grits al dente.I sampled both the Dog Fish IPA and the Yuengling.  Loved the former, but I have definitely made up my mind that, from now on, I'll only drink the latter if it's the only choice and/or I'm dying of thirst.  It borders on being an abomination.I took lots of pictures!Isn't the website up yet?
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,8/14/2013,372,220,,10,5>It was karaoke night the Friday night that we arrived to Chef Eddie's - a young lady performing on the mic while her partner played the keys. The music, admittedly, was a bit loud, but it gave the place a nice lively feeling. We were even invited to join in and pick a few songs.First to arrive to the table: jalapeno cracklin muffins - deliciously sweet corn muffins made here with tiny bits and pieces of spicy jalapeno bits baked inside. Savory, spicy, sweet...altogether a winning recipe.Our waitress recommends the fried green tomatoes for starters: fried in a seasoned batter on top of a generous helping of cheesy Parmesan grits, drizzled with a sweet gravy sauce. The tomatoes were fresh and not too tart, just the way I like them, and, when combined with the cheesy grits, a tasty dish. Definitely would get this again, especially with a large party as the serving was generous.I ordered the Pork Ribs dinner platter, not done "barbecue" style with a smokey flavor, but more like oven baked and topped with a tangy sweet mustard based barbecue sauce that went very well with the pork. The pork was tender and "finger licking good" and the serving size was enough for two meals.It was a delight to eat with my collard greens and mac and cheese sides. The mac and cheese was baked and had a nice dry texture to them.The highlight of Chef Eddie's is their large variety of waffle flavors for their famous chicken and waffles dish. Whereas most chicken and waffle establishments have plain Belgian style waffles, the waffle flavors here range from Pecan, Strawberry, Sweet Potato, Blueberry, Red Velvet, Chocolate Chip, Apple Cinnamon, Banana Walnut, Big Berry (Strawberry, Blueberry & Rasberry) to Plain. Also important to note, the waffles here are more like regular waffles rather than thick Belgian style waffles.The waffles are served with fried chicken wings, and a side of syrup.Overall, I would definitely go back to Chef Eddie's to enjoy some great soul food cooking, for the  great prices, quality, and friendliness.They even have a closer satellite restaurant called Chef Eddie's East, located inside the Evans Food Mart on Goldenroad Road (just north of the SR 408 exit).I visited recently to pick up some oxtail to go...and it was just as delicious as the original Chef Eddie's. The mac and cheese here had a nice white creamy color to it though. And it really is more of a to go place as it can get awkward eating inside a convenience store.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/13/2013,44,113,2,5,4>4.5 actuallyScore! Yes! Finally! I can say I have found at least one ethnic restaurant in Orlando that I can be happy with!I was beginning to lose faith... seriously... I was going to start asking my friends to ship me food from NYC and just pack it with dry ice... Indian food.. I love... a lot.. it makes me smile... always and forever...Our order:Vegetable SamosaChicken Tikka MasalaPaneer MakhaniLamb DhansakGarlic NaanBullet NaanHoly Hell was the naan on point.. I took a bite right when it came out and before I knew it i had eaten two pieces... Now my parents actually gave me a lecture before we walked in to the restaurant.. it seems that since moving back they have taken on the roll of giving me lectures as if I was 16 all over again... it's the best... you should see my face right now just so you can understand how awesome it is to go through this...daily...yupThe lecture was that I was not allowed to order the food spicy... scoffing... it was my turn to order I ordered the Lamb Dhansak and I said very spicy.. my dad literally told the woman... "no way it will be mild" now you do understand I am not one to fold... A war has been started... maybe silently but it has begun...I loved the Lamb Dhansak.. the flavors were well balanced and I have to say the portions were quite large from your standard Indian portion place.. It was definitely on the mild side, not to happy about that but my father can be very intimidating and the server was all of 5' tall so I can't really blame her....The Paneer was tasty as well, and I loved the Tikki Masala the sauce was just perfect, I kept dipping my naan in it...I didn't give them 5 stars because well the service was extremely slow..they were all friendly that worked there but the place did all get seated within a 10 min span, but I was constantly having to ask for more water and flag down one of the other servers to take our card so we could leave..I am going to have to get crafty in how to order my food spicy... I will overcome some way some how...
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,8/12/2013,117,64,,5,4>I have to admit I wasn't expecting anything from this place as it looks like a fast food joint, but they had sweet potato fries on the menu and I was really craving some so we went.Boy was I wrong! The sweet potato fries were baked making them a wonderfully healthy option that still tasted awesome! As we were looking at the menu the staff let us know that all of their meat is hormone free and no preservatives. Most sandwich places are using processed meats so I was again impressed.I enjoyed the BBQ chicken salad which had a great sized serving for their cheap prices. I will be back!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,8/11/2013,143,128,3,4,4>Service is Awesome with a capital A! The drinks are old meets new and fresh! I had the jealous monk and the waiter suggested wp mule. I choose citrus/bitter over sweet so these were great choices.We treated the menu as tapas/shared portions since it was only the two of us. We were definitely both stuffed by the end of the meal. Chicken liver mousse - so creamy and delicious! Never had anything like it!collard greens with fried okra - I don't usually jump to collard greens as my first choice of greens but I'm glad I did! You know how collards can just be too mushy or bland? They know how to keep it fresh and savory. Fried okra is always a favorite. It paired well with the collards. Lamb - you can't go wrong with a nice juicy and tender piece of meat wrapped in belly fat!Did we end with a peach tart? Why of course we did. A la mode. Perfect size to end our meal for us two. (Round of applause)
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,8/10/2013,631,1145,3,9,5>I was the first to review Lake Meadows Naturals back in 2010. After a recent visit I decided an update was overdue. First, let me say that the market has stepped it up considerably. They have expanded their collection in every way. You really could do *almost* your entire grocery shopping here and skip the supermarket all together. Market: They have an impressive cheese collection that takes up an entire cooler in the center of the market. They have goat cheese, raw milk varieties as well as more traditional faves like American or Muenster. I was kind of bummed that with all of those varieties they didn't have any to sample. They WERE sampling jarred goods- salsa, pickled this or that, jam/jellies and some AMAZING pork chops. The rear wall is one large freezer with every kind of local meat- beef, pork, lamb, chicken, shrimp, scallops and even alligator. They are all vacuum sealed and frozen so you can stock up without worrying anything will go bad. They have lots of fresh produce too- mango, apple, tomato, kale, potato, onion, plums, etc. Of course they have EGGS- the freshest eggs you can find. They have duck and chicken eggs for sale in the market or, if you want an experience, collect your own chicken eggs from their friendly flock. This is much preferred but unfortunately today I wasn't prepared- I had flip flops on and my baby with me. Next time, for sure. Oh, and half a dozen varieties of BACON. The bacon nearly had its own section in the cooler, lol.Prices: You will pay more for this type of meat than that conventionally raised but it is so much better for you, the animal and the environment. Sample of prices from my visit (likely to fluctuate but gives you a general idea)... Bacon $6.95-$10.49 per pound. Grass fed ground beef $7.95/lb. Chuck Roast $9.95/lb. Boneless Chicken Breast $8.95/lb. Pork Chops $8.95/lb. Large Dozen Chicken Eggs $3.65. I spent so much that I got a dozen rather small ducks eggs and a basket of shallots/garlic for free. Farm: This is my favorite part. The grounds are gorgeous and peaceful. You'll see herds of goats, hives of bees, flocks of chickens, rabbits, plus you may see some baby chickens/turkeys. You just never know what you'll find. As I was walking to my car (one of the workers helped me carry my groceries) I saw Dale leading a just arrived baby cow. Everyone there was gathering around checking her out. I could hang out here for hours!I can't recommend this place enough. You have got to make a trip out here. Bring the family and a cooler.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,8/9/2013,167,286,3,5,3>Aki rocks! I was introduced to this restaurant by David H., a fellow Elite Yelper. We went here early for their happy hour. Be sure you get here as soon as they open on weekdays for Happy Hour (5:30PM) because there will be a line at the door. The restaurant is very very veryyy small.This is the most authentic Japanese restaurant that I have ever been to. The sushi is not Americanized with all the fancy rolls you see at other places. This is the real deal. The prices for the rolls are amazing too during happy hour. I was being adventurous and had fish eggs for the first time here with sea urchin. It was very interesting. I couldn't eat the whole thing because it was a lot but it was interesting but in a good way. hahaService was pretty good too- they were all attentive and all helped each other out. I enjoyed my visit. I'll be coming around sometime soon!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,8/7/2013,45,72,,5,3>As an honest to goodness German, born and raised I have to give this 5 stars. I was a little mad when I heard they had moved to Mount Dora, because my husband and I had eaten at the Colonial and 535 location plenty of times. But driving out to Mount Dora from Kissimmee is actually a very nice day trip, plus you can go antiquing through the cute town center to walk of those giant portions. Staff is very attentive and always eager to please. The cook came out herself to ask if we like everything. Menu has a ton of things to chose from. Excellent Klösse (potato dumplings), which are very hard to get right. The schnitzel finally was pan fried and not deep fried like most places make it. We have also tried the roulades (beef rolled up with spices and a piece of pickle inside). Sauerbraten is another hard thing to make but they do it perfectly and you can taste it's all home made and with love by a real German cook. I'll take more day trips out from now on.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,8/6/2013,42,58,2,4,3>Not normally a fan of sweets in general, I do like a good cupcake every now and then because I feel like they are a low-commitment/high-yield sort of treat.I've really only had a chance to stop in near the end of the day, when the selection is rather low and most of the favourites have probably been picked over.  Everything I have tried has been fairly OK (the cake is not too dry, the frosting not too grainy, etc), but I've yet to have a cupcake here - or anywhere, really -  that transports me to rapturous heights the way a good slice of blueberry pie can.  Man, I wish Orlando would open up a pie place.Another reviewer pointed out that Blue Bird is probably so popular because 1. it is one of the only cupcake place in the area, and 2. a lot of folks are keen to support small, smart, local business.  I guess I am also one of those folks. It doesn't hurt that the staff is all so very friendly and fun to talk with and the shop is just so freaking adorable.  Plus, they sell handmade marshmallows by a small company called Wondermade...in flavours of "bourbon", "guiness" and "iced tea", just to name a few.How cool is that?  I picked up several boxes to bring up with me for some friends to last year's Dragon*Con, and the lovely lady behind the counter totally geeked out with me about how much fun we were going to have.  (We did.  A lot)  Along with the marshmallows, I also purchased several bars of handcrafted  chocolate from a company called "Sweeteeth".  I am not sure if this is something Blue Bird always carries, but if so, be certain to try the "A'chocolypse" (dark chocolate with candied ginger and popping sugar) and the "Cinnapsis" (milk chocolate with dried apple bits and cinnamon).Every time I stop by, I feel like I need another heart-shaped punch in my twee card, but I am not entirely sure that is a bad thing.  Can't be doom and gloom and ghoulish all the time.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,11/28/2014,22,70,4,5,5>Holy deliciousness!!! Stopped here based on yelp rating on my way to Orlando from Daytona. After a long day at the beach, I was looking forward to a giant, delicious meal, and this place did not disappoint!First, we were treated to a large basket of warm, buttery garlic knots--baked perfectly and easy to pull apart.I ordered a pizza, a cheesy, savory, melt in your mouth pizza. I also tried my boyfriends chicken parm sub. I don't even like chicken parm, but the bread was incredible and the chicken was very flavorful.On top of all that, the portions were HUGE, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was quaint and charming. I wish this place were closer to Orlando, but I might make a special trip just for this place!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/27/2014,81,282,3,3,3>Lots of TV's (like, everywhere), good food, and good beer. What more could you want? They get all (or most?) or their meats from the Meat House, and they definitely have good quality home-style "gourmet bar food" that you won't be able to get enough of.  My first visit left me wanting more of the spicy shrimp & grits (a huge portion, but I couldn't stop eating!)...and on my second visit I opted for a healthier salad.  I asked for a side of Bleu Cheese dressing, which ended up being practically just clumps of bleu cheese with a little drizzle of dressing--in my opinion, the way all BC dressing should be--and I had some of my friend's Sweet Tots. Delicious.Go here and check it out for yourself!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/26/2014,304,661,2,3,2>I'm starring this event up, the 2014 ToTN was at Orlando World Center Marriott, which was very easy to navigate and park. This event was HUGE, we did not get around to sample every item, because there were over 35 places to sample multiple plates and beverages. A tummy can only hold so much. I recommend fasting for a day! ;)So many top Orlando chefs came out and brought their "A" game, delicious food, desserts, craft cocktails, craft beer, wines....and all for a great cause- fighting to end childhood hunger. The price of one ticket will provide 1500 meals, so you can feel great about what you are doing and supporting this great cause. Each of the chefs, restaurants and beverage sponsors involved is doing the same- supporting a great cause. This year, my favorites included the Old Fashioned from Siro Urban Italian Kitchen, the Sushi from Sushi Pop, Kevin Fonzo from K Restaurant's pastrami, Cuisiner's Ahi Tuna, the nitrogen-made ice cream from Three 2 Oh, which was made right in front of you...and that is just the start of the list. A full list of the restaurants is here: ce.strength.org/orlando Plan to put 2015 ToTN on your calendar, such a great night!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,11/25/2014,69,489,4,6,4>In the mood for real Mexican food, I headed to Taco Norteno and it was a wise choice. This is a small family owned restaurant off West Colonial in Winter Garden. If you look away, you will miss it so keep an eye out right after you pass under the 429. The menu is placed at the entrance as you walk in. I ordered from the desk and sat down at one of the few tables inside. I was immediately served fresh tortilla chips and I walked over to the fresh salad bar and concocted my own salsa. I ordered 2 steak tacos and 1 chicken taco and they were served on a homemade light tortilla. I chose from the many fresh ingredients at the salad bar and topped off my tacos and in less than 5 minutes, my food was gone. The steak and the chicken were cooked perfectly so I have no complaints. The prices do not get any cheaper, $1.75 for a homemade taco is as good as it gets. The interior is very clean and the waitstaff is readily available if you need anything. I am anxious to go back and try some of their other selctions.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/24/2014,46,85,4,4,5>Amazing doesnt even begin to explain this place. Its been sitting in my yelp bookmarks forever now. At first the way my GPS was taking me I thought oh no.. Its the sushi place that looks like a pizza hut on 436. But as we hit 17-92 the next thing I know its telling us we passed it on the left. I grabbed a quick glance to my left and was impressed right away. Pulled a U-turn and I thought oh this place looks expensive. THey have a nice out side area that you can eat if you wanted to as well.But once you walk inside you are met with neon lights and other cool accent lighting everywhere you look. pictures dont really do it justice. From the lit up water bubbles in the wall, to the dotted lights on the bar, the neon lights for the glasses, the lit up art on the wall, and the neon lights around the booth. Also a couple walls have a cool square art design to it with blue accent lighting.Our waitress was the beautiful Rosa. Who was awesome at helping us to decide what to get. There was so much I wanted to try. She suggested the pick 4 items for $20.. Didnt even see that until she pointed it out. Speaking of service. The hostess didnt seem to happy to be there.Or maybe i should say didnt seem to personable. But thats okay. Rosa more then made up for that. The prices here are pretty fair. our bill came to $62.15 for the both of us. But thats adding in a $12 tip... So basically $25 per person. Cant complain about that. This was including desert too. The service was so good actually i think this is the first time i've gone over 20%Besides the great atmosphere, and the excellent service. The food was pretty out standing too. They take care in how it looks on the plate when they bring it out to you. And it tastes just as good as it looks.Oh ya.. And the pick 4 items for $20. When its your birthday you get that for free!! And i believe desert too. Really? most places bring out a tiny little cupcake with a little candle on it.. Screw the cupcake.. Im coming here.On a final note. When my wife went to the bathroom i got a text message lol.. you gotta check out the bathrooms!! the sinks glow! She said she couldnt figure out how to turn on the water lol.. She had soap all over her hands and was waving them under the sink but couldnt get any water to come out.. She said theres a sensor on the side you have to wave your hand in front of. But thats not actually true. She must have been standing dead center.. the sensor on the wall will pick up your shoulder and the water will come on as long as your standing there. and its actually a water fall.. Pretty nice touch.Just stand to the left or right of the sink so you arent waving your hands everywhereOh ya and a final final note. They have an authentic Japanese menu too. You have to ask for the secret menu. And yes, it literally says secret menu on the top.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,11/23/2014,43,55,4,9,5>RusTeak is a welcome addition to College Park. When you walk in you can hardly believe the warm wooden & modern transformation since Scruffy Murphy's use to occupy the space. The full and bustling covered patio had some nice planters that added a nice touch. Once you enter there are some high tops and a small bar area with a television to the left and a host table to the right. This past Saturday night we were still pretty full from a brunch visit to Se7enbites but our excitement to visit our new neighborhood addition couldn't keep us away. Since there were larger tables occupying most of the seating inside we opted to sit in their "lounge area" which had a few small cocktail tables with seating. While I found this option desirable at the moment so I didn't have to wait to be waited on, it did seem a bit odd that these very small tables were basically smack dab in the middle of the restaurant but placed near the walls allowing a large open walking space for staff and patrons.At first glance you would think this would be a prime location for smaller two or four top tables to allow for more seating and more money being made for their wait staff. Perhaps they felt regular tables would create congestion, but while they can fit a lot of people on the patio on a cool October night; come summer and spring they may have a harder time getting guests outside.Concerning service, they do "team service" so we were waited on by several people that did not know at what point in the service we were at, which did cause small delays in drinks, etc., but they were all very polite and attentive. For my cocktail I ordered the Smoked Watermelon Basil Margarita. It was a well presented drink with a nice wedge of watermelon garnish that my waiter decided to cup his hand around as he delivered it, so I promptly removed it and couldn't help but laugh. The drink had a nice fresh flavor but I couldn't taste much tequila at all.Since we were just there for appetizers we got the mini lamb burgers and the soft pretzel rolls.If their mini lamb burgers are any indication of how their regular sized burgers taste than I cannot wait to go back and upgrade my experience. The lamb was incredibly juicy and tender and although it was two bites per sandwich they had great flavor. The added  pesto tzatziki spread with beefsteak tomatoes, lettuce and cucumber made these perfect bites. While soft pretzel rolls may not be a culinary feat of greatness I was a big fan of these. There is something comforting about hot bread with soft and buttery-salty goodness. They were served with honey seed mustard and cheese fondue, excellent for dipping.Never one to say no to dessert I asked for the dessert menu and was told I only had two options. A brownie dish with raspberry compote and pumpkin cheesecake. Pumpkin lover that I am this choice was easy, but I was disappointed they didn't have more options. Diners could easily opt to say no to an up-sell of these items and go walk down the street to the Soda Fountain or Trevi for dessert, so my advice would be to add a little more variety so you don't loose that additional easy income to boost your average check amount. Business acumen aside My pumpkin cheesecake was very good.Minimal issues aside I'm really happy to have RusTeak in my hood and I can't wait to go back and try more items.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,11/22/2014,212,25,5,6,5>I come here quite often when im in need of an asian ingredient I can't find at publix.  I buy udon and soba noodles from this place frequently. This place always have what im looking for. The staff is friendly and always available to help.  They also have a pretty good sake selection.  The prices are pretty reasonable also. So, if you're looking for an authentic oriental market or if you can't seem to find that one ingredient in your Asian recipe, check this place out!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,11/21/2014,293,472,8,12,8>I was sad to see Brick and Fire go, I used to eat there regularly, but...I'm so glad to have a good Indian restaurant in the area. They have $9.95 lunch buffet every day.The buffet is half vegetarian half meatatarian. I visited the first day and everything I had was tasty. Chicken Tikka Masala I believe. Tandoori chicken.On the vegetarian side of the buffet they had yellow dal(lentils) and another dish with paneer(cheese cubes) in  a rich red/orange sauce. They had about 6 of each side along with gulab jamun desert. The one dish I have never seen before which didn't seem traditional was a type of noodle with some vegetables in it. They had another section of the buffet with chutneys, side vegetables and rice pudding.Staff was very friendly and decor was clean and nice, seats were comfortable. Music was audible but not obtrusive. It's located directly next to Smokey Bones on 436 about a block north of Howell Branch. You have to turn into the apartment complex if you are coming from the north turn across from Wells Fargo(big red sign)Please check them out, this area needs good restaurants like this.They are closed Mondays and open 11:30-3 for lunch and 5-10 for dinner every other day. No buffet at night.Check out their website: royalindianorlando.comHe also mentioned they will have a champagne brunch on the weekend.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,11/20/2014,23,286,1,4,4>This concept is cool as hell!  Check it.  You enter the front door and there are five or six doors, all look exactly the same.  There is an ottoman in the middle of the room with a funky chandelier hanging above.  To your right, there is this thing like a teleprompter.  You can hear the sounds of a salon, however you can't see the salon.  There is no receptionist and you see no one!  AWESOME!  I was waiting for someone to pop out from one of the doors and spook me, but that didn't happen.  After the excitement wore off and I stopped looking around the room taking in this cool experience, I checked the teleprompter for info.  It offered a list of the stylists, with their headshot, and a button to select to contact the stylist of your choice.  I rang my stylist and she said she would come get me.  She popped out from one of the doors, but she didn't scare me.Once inside, it was a maze of individual rooms.  Some rooms had their door open, others had their door closed.  From what I understand, each room belongs to a stylist.  The stylist pays a monthly rent for a decently-sized room, mini fridge, coffee maker, and a T.V.  The room is the stylist's personal space, so he/she can decorate it any way they want.  AWESOME!  I couldn't get over this cool-ass concept.  Even if your regular stylist does not work here, you must check it out.  I understand some stylist take walk ins.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/19/2014,92,300,6,6,6>I had no idea what to expect coming in here, but after seeing the pics on yelp and checking out their menu, I knew I had to give it a try. Lately I've kinda been going around town and eating at Mom and Pop Italian places to get a taste for what Orlando really has to offer before I travel up north again where they say that "The real Italian food" exists outside of Italy. Honestly, my expectations were completely and totally blown away. I mean, I had an idea that it would be good seeing as the place was packed on a Wednesday but man, when my taste buds assimilated the flavors of that pasta in white clam sauce, I was - this close to standing up on the booth to sing opera. HOLY COW was it delicious. I'm sitting there eating like there was a fire I needed to put out and I hardly ever do that, but it was deliciously hot right out of the skillet, and the flavors!!! Just incredible flavors melding together so beautifully! The moment the waitress placed the plate in front of me, the first thing that I could immediately smell was the garlic and the wine in the sauce. The clams were meaty and fresh and just incredible. That white sauce is phenomenal! Do yourself a favor and take a piece of bread to sop up all the juices, leave the plate in such a state that the dishwasher guy is gonna wonder what the hell happened. Oh man, I know I'm going on and on about it, but it was pretty damn incredible. Service was excellent, I think it was the owner that came by while I was eating for my life, must have heard me slurping away like I was eating pho and asked: "you alright?"  When I finally came up for air, I wiped my mouth and told him "This is incredible."  and it was.I'm so glad the waitress recommended this dish because I came close to getting just regular spaghetti and meatballs and I'm sure that would have been delicious but this was ... Well you know, and if you don't know, go find out.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,1/25/2014,154,131,1,7,1>This place is one of my favorite places in Orlando for Brunch...in fact, it's the only time I have ever come to OLV is for brunch!  I would say I am there probably once a month...and the food and drinks never cease to please my brunching needs.  ENDLESS CHAMPAGNE...need i say more...ohhh, and just keep bringing it...and bringing it...i brought a DD ;-)Brunch buffet is awesome.  Cheesy Grits, Smoked Salmon, Beef Tenderloin, and all the traditional breakfast meats are where I tend to head to.Order what ever you would like from the kitchen as long as it is eggs benedict, french toast, or an omelet.  Eggs Benedict is a great way to start...French toast is a great way to end...snag an omelet in the middle :-)DJ spins the tunes.  Indoor and outdoor seating.  Chill, eat, and sip.Had to snatch one star away...last time I made a reservation for brunch...all was good for 4 at an inside table.  Got a call two days later that one of my best friends wanted to join with her bf...called to change the reservation and they were not very happy with me...but were able to accommodate.  So all is good...until we needed to add two more people...dude on the phone got VERY angry!  I understand that we have made a few changes and the last one was just a few hours prior to our reservation...but no need to unload the anger on me...and if you couldn't accommodate...you can always say no...i just want to bring more peeps to your awesome establishment!!  More money...more referrals...i just didn't get why they got so mad.  Turned out good though!  We got a table...moved outside, but no worries!  We had a blast!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,1/24/2014,52,190,,6,2>Yum yum yum! I love supporting local businesses especially when they make a really big effort to support the local community in return.  Al Fresco gets most if not all of its ingredients from local sources and even has a green house on its roof for a majority of its produce (although the green house might technically be under a different company name of Green Sky growers).  We visited on a Sunday afternoon for lunch and the place was only about half full but I think they recently added Sunday hours so this may change as more people know about it.All of the food was really really fresh and I just felt so good after finishing my meal.  I ordered the panini with mozzerella cheese, tomato, arugula and balsamic reduction so basically a caprese salad with bread and it was deeeeeelish.  Others in our group got the club sandwich which although it had the same basic bones of a club sandwich, it had its own unique additions which you'll just have to take my word for it and try it for yourself.  The special of the day was  a blackened Mahi sandwich which was also very fresh, flavorful and delicious.  The lunch prices are extremely reasonable with most items at about $10 or less.  I think all of the salads were $7.50 so its hard to argue with that price.I'd like to try Al Fresco for dinner since their menu has a lot more options entree wise but i know the prices are a little higher so although they aren't unreasonable, its to be noted.Service= two thumbs up. very attentive but not overly soDowntown Winter Garden is making its way back up so plan a visit for a break off the west orange trail or check out the farmers market and make sure to stop in at Al Fresco's for a great experience and meal!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/23/2014,161,140,6,9,7>Our group came upon Easel Expressions through a deal offered from Livingsocial and we all has a fabulous time! The deal was 35 for 2 people. This was my first time at an event like this.Tip: If you don't come across a deal such as we did, it seems like they offer discounts code from their Facebook website, so check that out! On Easel Expression's website, there is a calendar of which art piece each class will teach and you're able to reserve the one you want. On some days they have 2 sessions - one in the afternoon and one in the evening. We chosen a evening one to attend with our group of 6 and they were easily able to accommodate us. In addition to our group, there were two other classmate that joined the class. The store is bright and inviting as you walk in and the girls there including the instructor was sarcastic yet fun and also very encouraging. Tables are pre set with a blank canvas and brushes on the table with a bowl of water to clean for your brushes. There is a table against the wall with a 'ingredients list' of the number of pumps you'll need of each color that is lined up in huge jugs. "2 pumps of blue, 3 pumps of black, 2 pumps of white..." Very easy to follow. We all also got to wear cute canvas aprons to look the part! The art of the night was 'Hoot Hoot' and it was the painting of an owl. The instructor said 3 hours long! However our group completed the mission in 2.5! Score! She was very patient and taught us tricks on how to blend to make the owl more lively. Also you can add your special touches to your own painting (i added smiley faces to my shoot stars! :)) This would be an awesome place for birthday parties for kids, date night, and for groups too! One thing I was unsure about, was gratuity. There was no tip jar and it seems like the store was the instructor so I'm not sure if thats why there was none. Maybe someone could elaborate on a future review. I would totally do it again!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,1/22/2014,63,280,,9,3>This restaurant is a hidden gem. The first time I came here, I couldn't find it- it is hidden in plain sight. Behind a small, nondescript awning that says "Steak House" is some of the finest steak you will find in the area. Upon entering, you will find a small restaurant with a bar in the corner and several tables. No hostess stand, as some others have complained about, but I don't see the problem- it would take up valuable space for others to enjoy such fine food. The steaks are among the best I have ever had- and I have had a lot all over the world. The cuts are amazing and the are cooked perfectly. Perfectly. While steak is definitely king here, they have several items on the menu for almost any taste. The Chilean Sea Bass is awesome, as is the Pork Chop. The pasta looks good, but I have not yet tried it. My favorite side dish is the Risotto, it is rare to see this offered as a side. The wine selection is great, and the prices are fair.One thing- if you expect 5-star fine dining treatment like in a high end steakhouse, you will be disappointed- it is a very casual and relaxed atmosphere here- almost like you are at a friends restaurant. For me, this is a plus. The owner, Ed, is a gracious and friendly host, and seems honestly concerned about your experience. I like a restaurant where the owner himself checks on you- that is class.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,1/21/2014,10,90,,6,3>The Rusty Spoon is THE southern foodie restaurant in downtown Orlando.  Most of the food is locally sourced and it is all fresh.  The Butcher's Plate has the chef's choice of fresh appetizer portions. Our's had mild chicken wings, chicken pate and pickled eggs.  All were very tasty with well-balanced and thoughtful flavors.  My meal started with a house salad - nothing special but fresh - mostly red Bibb lettuce.  I had the Dirty South - a dish requiring the freshest of seafood.  Fortunately, the mixture of snapper, clams, and shrimp were fresh having been sourced from Wild Ocean Seafood out of Port Canaveral.  The wife had a lamb sandwich with a ricotta cheese which was also tasty.There is a good selection of 6 draft beers and many more in bottle.  Wine is available, but I did not partake.  The walls are tactfully decorated with farm animals and farm scenes emphasizing the freshness of the food.  The restaurant has an open feel with plenty of space between the tables and a high ceiling.I mentioned that this is a southern foodie restaurant.  I think it is every bit as good as the Ravenous Pig (and more comfortable inside) and the Cask & Larder.  While I like those restaurants, too, I like being able to make a reservation the night before rather than weeks ahead.  Some might be turned off by the parking in the evening (lots of valet, $5 and $10 parking signs around).  I suggest parking under I-4 where you can buy parking for a dollar/hour.  That adds very little to the cost of a dinner, or you can visit for a weekend lunch where you can probably find street parking for free.   If you can brave the parking and a short walk in downtown, you will find The Rusty Spoon much easier to get into than those Winter Park locations and the food is top notch.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/20/2014,74,68,5,8,5>I discovered this incredible sushi joint a few months after I moved to Orlando in 2003. At that time, they had this incredible sushi chef, Sharif. Then he disappeared, and it just wasn't the same place anymore so I didn't eat there as much. Then last night I called and learned they prepare brown rice sushi. I placed an order for pick up (Lee Rd roll, WP roll & sunomono w/ raw salmon). While I was waiting, I was COMPLETELY FLOORED to see Sharif!! (It has to be at least 5-6yrs) He remembered me right off the bat. We hugged, and caught up for a bit. It was so wonderful to see him that I had to return tonight. I started w/ tuna tataki (designed like a huge flower on the plate), then an order of green mussels (light mayo), uni sushi w/ a huge lemon wedge & last but not least a special roll for me from Sharif. (I almost broke into my happy dance!!) Everything was amazingly fresh & we just talked and talked while he worked and I stuffed my face. lolWhile watching him work, he and boss man created some pretty amazing looking rolls. The Honolulu roll is a must try!!I highly recommend Fuji Sushi Winter Park now that Sharif is back. Tell him Kathy K. sent ya.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,1/19/2014,372,220,3,11,5>Shout out to Kay Y. for spotting this little hole in the wall near UCF!Taipei 101 just opened this week and I for one am very glad it is here. Though my favorite Taiwanese place still remains to be Teriyaki House on the west side of Orlando, this is a nice substitute when I am not able to make the trek over there during the work week. The menu is still developing as they have been open only just a few weeks. Here are some highlights1. Everything is relatively cheap ranging fro $2 - $9, so I can see it as a popular place for lunch in the UCF area. 2. My favorite dishes included the Lou Rou Fan (Simmered Pork Belly over Steamed Rice $4) which was topped with a nice pork gravy and hard boiled egg along with the pork belly (see pictures), as well as the steamed pork belly bun (gua bao $3) stuffed with mustard greens, cilantro, peanuts, and a sweet and sour sauce. Overall it was good and very homey tasting (like it was cooked at home by your Taiwanese mom or aunt). I also tried the simmering combination which was an appetizer with four different types of meat - though I did enjoy the egg, chitterling, and pig ear, I was not a big fan of the pig's blood rice cake - that's just me though maybe?I sampled some of my friend's salt and pepper chicken, thought it was okay but definitely needed to be more "crispy" . The Bian Dang meal boxes look like they are a real value, I'd get the simmered pork or bbq pork next time. Overall, nice effort from the Taipei 101 team, lots of little snacks and to go items that are fun to eat and overall a nice change from the usual around this area. I would try the Zhong Zi rice and pork dumpling next time and see what else is good here !
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/18/2014,54,51,5,8,5>It would be awful of me to tell you all that this place is awful just so I could be selfish and keep it hidden away from everyone. BUT, you all should know how delicious and authentic this place is! Chuan Lu Yuan is like Orlando's little Szechuan gem tucked away in a TINY (there are only 7-9 small tables in the room) space next to a sushi/hibachi grill. If you're looking for Americanized Chinese food, then this is not the place for you. But if you're ready for authentic, flavorful, mouth on fire Szechuan food then Chuan Lu Yuan is your place!!!!Keep in mind Szechuan food is very spicy!!!! I'm not a huge fan of spicy food, but everything we ordered was out of this world. I highly recommend Fei Teng Yu Xiang which is fish, bean sprouts, mushrooms and bamboo shoots in a spicy broth. The hand pulled noodles, clay pot beef, Hong You Chao Shou (Szechuan wontons), and steamed pork and chive dumplings were also excellent. I had no idea hand pulled Lanzhou noodles existed in Orlando!!!! If you're not into fish or even curious to try anything else, at least have the noodles!!!!Our waitress was so nice and very helpful explaining what was in the dishes. She also was very helpful in recommending different things to try!By the end of the meal my lips were burning and my mouth was on fire. But I was so happy because the food was incredible.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,1/17/2014,206,163,3,4,3>I was actually pleasantly surprised by my experience here after reading a few reviews. Granted, I stuck with ordering a salad, so maybe the tips in the previous reviews helped. :)So, coming during the week, in lunch rush hour is NOT the smartest thing I've ever done....like ever. People are madly fighting over seats inside, and in the hot summer months, they line up like vultures at the soft drink station to stake out the next available table. I came here at like 11:30 thinking I'd beat the rush...but not so much. So either come super early, or after the lunch rush. OR, you could do what me and my friend did, and that was slit up - one person orders and the other person stakes out a seat. Because I have no shame, I did the seat stake out duty for us. Ok, so after sitting down, they bring the food to you when it's done. (Cool) I ordered a salad with  1/2 Romaine  1/2 Mixed greens, sliced apples, orange segments, candied almonds, cranberries, cucumbers with balsamic citrus dressing. (Good 'ol copy and paste of the descrtiption from the website...super handy) :) I topped it with a grilled salmon and I seriously cannot express how delicious the salad was!! I think it realy was the candied almonds that made the salad. :)I'll definitely come here again, and I'll continue to work on seating strategies :)
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,1/12/2014,469,289,,6,7>There is no better feeling in the world than volunteering to help children who are facing life threatening illnesses. It's an amazing feeling to give back. I have volunteered here on several different occasions.  From helping decorate the kids villas for Christmas, to the Gingerbread house, and most recently helping kids ride horses. I want to share the story of a young child who was terrified of riding the horse. He got on and the woman who volunteers and owns the horses will ride with the children if they are too small or need assistance. She was holding him and he almost didn't go, he almost got off the horse, but as soon as we got everything ready and the horse started walking the child went from crying to laughing. Not just a little laugh but a laugh that is worth a thousand smiles. He laughed harder and harder as we went around the track, and when it was time for his picture he was beaming from ear to ear. That is what it is about. That is why I volunteer here and look forward to volunteering again. For those who are here with their children and families it is a chance to get away from the real world of illness, money, doctors and hospitals and just have fun be a normal family. That is why Give kids the World is such a wonderful amazing charity.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,9/11/2011,101,248,5,6,7>Found it! Wow... Don't even think about letting Google or Yelp give you directions here. Way off! They are located at the corner of 10th St and NY Ave behind Crescent Coffee.It was worth the confusion though! Divey little, and I mean little, place with friendly service and yummy soft tacos and burritos!Lots of fresh ingredients and tasty meats. I tried a chicken Juniorito and a steak taco. Both were delish, and I can't decide which one I like best. I also tried one with the mild (red) salsa and one with the hot (verde) salsa. The hot wasn't that hot. A nice little bite though. I might have both put on next time and extra cilantro. Love the cilantro!Definitely think about this place instead of Taco Hell down the street. Much better and has real meat! ;)I could definitely see this as a food truck catering for the late night crowd. Hint hint...
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,9/10/2011,101,78,9,11,10>Top notch. I'm hereby petitioning for a sixth star (at least).They wheeled on in behind Wally's to help us Yelpers celebrate the opening of Yelp Drinks week - and I'm glad that they arrived.I guess food trucks are the new thing, yeah? Well, I don't spend enough time down in Orlando (or going out for lunch) to have more experience with anything beyond sodas and hot dogs on mobile stands, so my completely unqualified review shall follow.So... there was this mac 'n cheese floating around. I don't mean people were taking a bite and passing it on (that'd be unhygienic), but rather people were ordering them like they were the iPad2 on launch day - except this was tastier and only offered in white. Anyway, it looked amazing and it smelled amazing. I didn't plan on splitting open my sad little wallet for food, but I couldn't pass it up!I was happy to see they had a half-size portion. I was the only one that I saw the entire night with one - guess everyone else knows when it's time to spend money! :) But anyway, it was amazing. And the girls that I interfaced with were very kind and lovely. They found me in the crowd when my mac 'n cheese was done, and even let me pay but held my tiramisu so I could pick it up a bit later!This kind of excellence isn't what I expected from a food truck. But I was informed that (I'm a terrible person - I don't remember her name) studied at the CIA. That actually stands for the Culinary Institute of [something starting with the letter A], I learned. They were also in with the FBI - which stood for Food and Beverage [something starting with the letter I].Have I mentioned yet that the only thing better than smelling everyone else's mac 'n cheese was eating my own?! Calling it mac 'n cheese is almost an insult. That's stuff that you either get out of a box and mix with milk and butter (or just extra butter if you don't have any milk - tip from me to you) or frozen.What they made was pure ecstasy. Well, it was ridiculously good, and I couldn't rightfully put it in a class with those other impostors. I'll probably never be able to eat mac 'n cheese from a box again thanks to these guys/gals. But consider this my thank you! :)So everyone else who I spoke to seemed to love their food just as much as I. If you love grits, Ashley advised that they were to die for (he's a true southerner - from Alabama - making him a credible reference). And one person complained that the only problem with the burger was that it was now in his stomach (he felt guilty for not cherishing the time that they had together). Nothing but rave reviews on the sandwich too.Then there was Tiramisu. That was an easy up-sell! My birthday (a week ago) didn't seem complete without it. And how was it? Pure bliss. Tiramisu is my favorite thing to eat in the entire world, and I've had it straight from the Italians on Christmas who had spent the entire week perfecting their dish! This did not disappoint! Well, the only thing I could have improved was making it a little bit bigger (it came in kind of a pudding-cup-type container), but it was so amazing that I too felt a little sad when it was over. The size was actually fine - more might have hit the wall of diminishing returns, and I might not be here writing about it so passionately.The tiramisu-maker's fiance was in attendance. I'm sure this was to thwart potential suitors who would drop to a knee after tasting the pure love put into that little pudding-cup-type-container). What a lucky man.So I can't say enough good things about them! I will hunt them down in the future when I'm in the area. Even if I got Hummer-MPG, it'd still be worth it. This is the kind of food that makes a cheap guy like me not even think about the cost - but that could have been a side effect of the sensory overload from their fantastic creations.I feel a character limit coming on, so here's the summary: they make AMAZING food. Track them down and eat this food. Thank me later. Oh, and they were nice as could be!Viva The Crooked Spoon!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,9/9/2011,27,142,5,6,4>Took my daughter and 6 of her friends to do pedicure yesterday and we loved it! The place is new, beautiful, staff is efficient and very nice!!!It is located at the Loop, close to Zales...TJ Maxx...
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,9/8/2011,52,80,,6,4>I'm only reviewing the Steins portion of this place, as I've yet to try the franks (although the offerings seem a little basic...).This bar fills a huge void in downtown Orlando, as there hasn't been a fun place to go have some beers and play some bar games in a long time.  It's basically the World of Beer concept - lots of beer, lots of HDTVs - but with the addition of food (hotdogs) and games (bar shuffle board, pool, ski ball!, lots of classic board games) to entertain you.  The beer list is extensive, but I wouldn't call it the most original either.  However, I've tried a few new IPA's that I really like (Boulder Mojo), and they also have some favorites as well, the Cigar City Jai-alai.  The table service I've received from waitresses has been surprisingly fast, but unfortunately when I've ordered from the bartenders they took their sweet-ass time, which is a little annoying.All in all a great addition to the downtown scene, this is the kind of place where you feel comfortable right away (especially on slower weeknights) and will quickly join the rotation of your favorite downtown bars.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,9/7/2011,148,339,4,4,5>Excellent. Home. Fries.Great. Omelettes.Super. Friendly. Service.Generous. Portions.Affordable. Prices.Just. Go. Already.PS: limitedparkingspace. ahem.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,9/6/2011,33,51,2,4,6>If you're a fan of gyros and other fresh and delicious greek fare, Mediterranean Blue may soon take over your greek cravings! They have quickly become one of my new favorite food spots. Their king gyro is out of control good!! Soft pita bread wrapped around tender gyro meat, topped with tomato/onion, their perfect tzatziki sauce, and feta cheese crumbles that makes every bite incredible!! The greek fries are the perfect side! I've also had the chicken souvlaki, falafel, and spinach pie-its all been delicious!!  I crave this place all the time, and try to make it out for lunch once a week to get my fix. Try Med Blue!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,9/3/2011,321,407,5,8,5>Dylan's was a nice find, just steps away from the Very Hungry Pig in WP.  I never noticed it until I went to the RP a few nights ago.I don't know that is really a deli.  It's a small restaurant with mostly high-top or bar seating and at-the-counter ordering.  They offer crepes, paninis, sandwiches and salads that should please anyone.  It's a groovy little spot with exposed wooden beams and a small outdoor seating area.  Service was friendly and they made me feel at home.  I ran into a couple of fellow Yelp Elites there, although I wouldn't have known it if I hadn't checked in.  They had just checked in before me.  I stopped by for only a few seconds to say hello to them.I sinned!  I'm a pescatarian and I read through the menu too quickly, ordering a Valencia: tuna, ham, olives, onions and manchego cheese, with cole slaw.  I didn't even notice the ham listed, but it was gosh-darned good.  I ordered a large sandwich -- big mistake, since I could only eat half.  The cole slaw was creamy and delightful.  Two good-sized glasses of chardonnay topped off the meal.If you are a student or a Florida Hospital employee, there's a 10% discount!  If Dylan's teetered between a four and a five star, I'd move them up to a five: I tried to tip them and they wouldn't take it!  A good day.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,9/2/2011,152,101,4,5,5>Narrow but long, this place usually gets packed on the weekends.  During the week it's usually pretty calm.The bathroom is always clean considering how busy it gets.Depending on what music/night, Vixen can sometimes attract douchbags, so check first.Liz is sweet AND hot and makes a mean drink.  Try her sweet tea.  Sooo good and they'll sneak up on you.Oh, and there's hot naked chick art on the walls.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,9/1/2011,92,92,5,15,9>Sushi Pop is new to the Oviedo area and is located in a highly visible location. When you enter the establishment you feel a certain rush of excitement due to the pleasantly modern décor.  We were greeted immediately with genuine eye contact. They have seating available at the bar and table seating. The bar was tempting which appeared to be a stretched limo of bars covering a good length of the restaurant. Our choice for the night was table seating that was perfect for two underneath a nice painting with a view of a few screens. The waiter introduced himself, along with presenting the specials of the night.  The menu was nice and had a good variety between meals and sushi. The drink menu featured a nice selection that I haven't seen at most places, so it took some time to read over the options.  I ordered the Nagasaki Cherry, the Special Roll, and a Spicy Tuna roll. The drinks were delivered before the food within a reasonable time and the sushi followed shortly after. First bite into the Sushi was paradise. It was a delightful surprise that the special roll was astounding and the price was so reasonable ($8).   The true test was the Spicy Tuna Roll to see how it compared to other Sushi spots. They did a great job on delivering a first class Spicy Tuna, instead of caving for an economy roll. The other Sushi ordered at the table was the Triple Tail and Drama Queen which also came with amazing flavor.  Overall the service (Kenny), atmosphere and food were top notch for our evening. A few details that made this an over the top for me was the price range of most of the items, and the quality. It's a perfect combination for a new restaurant that's looking for longevity.  Being open during the late night hours in Oviedo when everything else closes early is another bonus. I would say to the owners of Sushi Pop "You have valid reason to "Pop" the top on a nice bottle to a job well done and a successful new beginning".
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,8/31/2011,19,45,5,10,8>Found myself here in the early afternoon and had the good fortune to have an adventurous toddler with me. She had loads of fun pointing at different animals and petting the random friendly cats that wandered the property or the very mellow, friendly dogs they've got hanging around.The place is really beautiful - it's amazing to think this is just 15 minutes away from where I live. Lots of big, shady trees and animals all around. It wasn't that crowded at all when we showed up at around 12, so we kind of had to figure out where to go - parking's spread around and marked with signs, but there wasn't a very clear indication of which building we should wander to first. We eventually figured it out after we ran into some staff members, who were super friendly and didn't yell at us for wandering into a pen we probably shouldn't have!Once we got to the market, we were escorted to the chickens! Our toddler was a little overwhelmed by the sheer numbers of chickens in the house, but was fine being carried around and even stuck her hand in a nest or two. The place actually smells pretty clean for having so many chickens in it, and it's definitely not oppressive. After we filled our carton, our guide scooped up one of the chickens and let the kiddo pet it and make friends with it on her own terms, which just completely thrilled her. We left the henhouse to the sound of the little one belting out, "Cluck cluck! Bye chickens!"We also picked up a jar of honey when we went to pay for the eggs, and it's amazingly delicious.Overall, this is a cool way to spend an hour with your kid to give them a taste of a real farm. The fact that we're getting fresh eggs and supporting local food is a definite bonus. Even if you don't have kids, you'll appreciate the scenery, the laid-back atmosphere, and of course, the fresh food you can buy! I plan on making regular trips back!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/19/2014,84,171,10,6,5>I knew I was in a good place when I noticed that every diner here was carrying at least an additional 50 lbs. Also, the dining room had the feel of the kitchen on "Rosanne."This was my first attempt at Polish food, and it's pretty amazing. I opted for the Stuffed Cabbage. I should state that I'm not a huge cabbage fan, reason being that I attempted the Cabbage Soup Diet in my teens and it had very unsociable, potent side effects. These magical Polish people have found a way to make cabbage resemble pasta by smothering it in tomato sauce and cooking it to death. It was delicious.I discovered my dining partner is a little skittish when it comes to foreign food, and luckily they give these types of people the chance to opt out. She ordered a decidedly anti-Polish Strawberry Salad. It looked fresh. She also got the Cheese Blintz, which was heavy and fattening and decadent.Polonia may suffer slightly from uncomfortable chairs and the ambiance of your grandmother's kitchen circa 1984, but it makes up for it by filling you with delicious, gut-busting food.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/18/2014,53,215,,7,2>Amazing...just amazing coffee and customer service.We stopped by Vespr after seeing it on the weekly yelp email. I have been looking for a decent coffee house for a while and just happened to by the Waterford Lakes area. The staff is absolutely crazy friendly. The lady walked us through each type of coffee bean they had in today. She told us about the smell bar (amazing!) and then walked my fiancee about what makes their chai different. This place reminded me of the great coffee houses they have in Portland.Everything is either fair trade or organic, so you can't go wrong. I highly recommend this place.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/17/2014,57,55,5,9,7>Wow!!! Can you say hidden jewel of Oviedo? I've been here before but it was many years ago and I don't remember the food being that great. Well let me just say they must have changed their menu because I had the best lunch for $7.95! That's unheard of especially when you get a choice of Spring Roll or Summer Roll, Wonton Soup or salad and your choice of different entrees.I chose a chicken summer roll, wonton soup, grilled pork vermicelli bowl and a Thai Tea with boba. The drink is not included in the price of lunch. My summer roll and Wonton Soup came out first. The summer roll had strips of grilled seasoned chicken which paired very well with the yummy peanut sauce. I have to say that their peanut sauce appears to be somewhat homemade. It tastes much better than other places I have been. The Wonton soup was my biggest surprise. I expected your typical non flavorful broth with chewey dumplings. I was so wrong. The broth was full of flavor and there was actually meat inside of the Wonton. It was a perfect size but I wanted more! My Grilled Pork Vermicelli came out shortly afterwards along with a side of fish sauce. The pork was grilled perfectly and had a lot of flavor. The cucumber and bean sprouts were nice and crispy. That Thai tea was delicious and was blended very well. I actually left feeling satisfied. They had great service and the atmosphere is nice and calming. You have to try them!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,6/16/2014,63,280,3,5,5>It's funny, I came here as a kid when this was a movie theater and saw many movies here- including the Exorcist! And now I LOVE this as a concert venue- it is excellent! The stage is large enough to bring in a decent sized production which really helps draw decent bands into this venue. The acoustic are great and every seat has a good view. You can tell the owners spent some time and money making the place presentable, but I like the fact that they did not go over the top and make it too "clean"- I like the edgy vibe it has. They only have a small bar, but the staff is great and the line moves quickly. Plus, the selection of beer and wine is good and the prices are decent.I look forward to seeing more shows here.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/15/2014,122,205,2,10,4>I eat pasta at least 5 times a week, and it's easily my favorite food, so I was excited to hear that there was a spot that had freshly made pastas and raviolis in so many different flavors and shapes/sizes, as well as homemade sauces.  You can buy the pasta by the pound to take home with you, or can eat in their small cafe!  The pasta can last up to a week in the fridge and the raviolis I believe three days.I decided to eat in their cafe and ordered the large ribbon noodles and did half spinach and half garlic and parsley with the meat sauce.  It was served with freshly shaved parmesan cheese on top that was so sharp and delicious.  The pasta is freshly pressed and cut right in front of you, which is fun to watch.  If you've never had fresh, homemade noodles, you are missing out.  It's by far 100 times better than the premade packaged noodles.  It's also fun that you can pick from a large selection of flavors.  I loved my meal and ate the entire plate.They change their menu on a regular basis and sometimes have specials running on certain things.  You can follow them on Facebook, where they update their daily specials and list the different flavors of noodles and sauces they have for that day.Among the pastas, raviolis and sauces, they also have salads and piadinis which are flatbread sandwiches.  And you can't forget about the gelato!  There were so many flavors to pick from...I ended up getting the tiramisu and it was the perfect way to end my meal!  As for drinks, they carry canned sodas, flavored Sanpellagrinos (the orange is really good), bottled water and a few other bottled beverages.I'll be going back soon to buy some noodles and sauces to bring home with me and to try some raviolis...they didn't have any the day I went.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/14/2014,178,174,2,10,4>I'm kind of obsessed with juice bars right now, but this one is my current favorite. Great customer service and I'm loving the outdoor seating. Although I'll probably be getting my juices to-go in the summer. Oh, did I mention the juices are only $6?! Beet Meet n Greet is my go-to right now, but I've had several others and they're all delicious. And the food is just as good. I found myself craving the smoked salmon crostinis for days afterwards. The honey balsamic goat cheese dip is another tasty treat I love. Extract is a welcomed addition to Hannibal Square!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/13/2014,469,289,2,3,3>I really dug this food truck because there are so many exciting flavors. I shared a Piri Piri Chicken sandwich, Mango Painted Fish Tacos and the Bomb Fries. Bomb French fries have a little truffle oil and some Parmesan which means they are a bit addicting. Mango Painted Fish Tacos were "fan effing tastic".  This was a great take with a flavorful slaw, avocado and then the mango dressing really made it amazing.  As a fish taco lover I give this one 2 thumbs up. The Piri Piri chicken sandwich will leave you wondering why you ever had any other chicken sandwich. The flavor and spice elevates the sandwich ten thousand feet..The chicken is nice and moist. Sometimes starting with great ingredients does the trick as this chicken is local and natural. The Piri Piri sauce adds the heat with a little cheese and some pica de gallo  this makes every other chicken sandwich I've ever had feel boring. This gets my vote for Orlando food truck must try, Absolutely delicious.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/12/2014,304,661,2,15,9>The Coop, A Southern Affair is the newest fast-casual casual concept from John Rivers of 4 Rivers Smokehouse. Customers place their orders at the front counter upon entering, and receive sides and salad items along with a number which will have their entree delivered tableside when ready. There is a large counter height cooler with iced down retro & beloved southern bottled sodas. Yes, Cheerwine was stocked.Fried green tomatoes, Pimento cheese or deviled eggs make a great starter. Buffalo wings are very meaty. Fried chicken is juicy & delicious, biscuits are tender and sandwiches are filling. I enjoyed the Oyster Po Boy, hubby liked the meatloaf sandwich and especially the thick cut bacon. The sides are plentiful and a nice portion to share if you want to try more than one. There are plenty of filling entrees if you are looking for something other than a sandwich. Chatted with guests at the next table, who fully enjoyed their shrimp and grits and the substantial chicken and waffles. The prices are very reasonable and along with the entrees & sandwiches, The Coop offers fried chicken dinners in 2 PC, 3PC, family & bucket options.Try to save room for dessert, as there are many choices. Moon pies, banana pudding, hand pies and mini desserts are all portable and make a nice treat at home if you are too stuffed from dining in. Cinnamon roll bread pudding is a revelation. As with 4 Rivers, The Coop offers takeout and catering. If you drive by and the grand opening lines are too long, consider getting takeout! Service was very friendly and we saw some familiar faces (staff from 4R Winter Park) who were happy to share some personal favorites.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,6/11/2014,49,71,,5,4>I believe my experience is very similar to others. The owner really took the time to explain what he was about, and explained the freshness of the ingredients, and it definitely shows. I enjoyed the volcano steak panini and sweet potato fries. It was presented very nice and well put together, but I didn't feel the spice level was there. It had jalapenos, banana Peppers, and chipotle Ranch Sauce but I expected a little more kick. I bet if he went with fresh jalapenos, it would be awesome. I did add little fat cat habenero sauce which helped with my need for spice.  I would have liked to have seen some traditional Italian panini's on the menu. Something simple with mozzarella fresca, balsamic, garlic, and olive oil. I looked for something like that but didn't find what I was looking for.This is definitively not a knock on his establishment. This is a great place to grab a sandwich and some baked sweet potato waffle fries all using fresh ingredients at a reasonable price point. No disappointment here. Give it a try. The fat cat sauce is good too by the way. Give it a shot next time.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/10/2014,101,72,4,7,6>I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. What a breath of fresh air for the Oviedo / Winter Springs area! Food is amazing, staff is awesome and the space is beautiful. I've been here on three occasions: Once for dinner when they first opened, a second time for brunch and a third time for dinner again last week. Everything has been fantastic and service is always top-notch.For dinner, I've tasted the Tempura Goat Cheese (MUST order! So good!), Pork Tenderloin (better the first time when served with fingerling potatoes, but still good with asparagus the second time), Spicy Shrimp appetizer (very good!), South + York Burger (Awesome! My boyfriend really, really enjoyed this -- and the steak fries served with it are AMAZING).Brunch was possibly my favorite meal here. South + York Benedict was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Creamy, delicious and perfect. I will order it again. Plus, brunch features $12 bottomless mimosas, which can't be beat. (For perspective, one mimosa at Hamilton's Kitchen in Winter Park starts at $10, then you can add on to it from there).Great food. Great location. Great people. Now it's up to the area to keep this place open by spreading the word and visiting often. I know I will!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,2/14/2014,110,128,1,8,5>WOAH!!!!! I have been here MANY times and the thought of their grouper sammy gets me in a tizzy every time. I want one RIGHT NOWl!!This is central Florida's best kept secret. Just good seafood and chips in a no frills presentation that is complimented by the fireworks in your mouth. Reminds me of a shack up north that served up fish and chips daily. You can't go wrong here with lunch or dinner.Some time ago we picked up fish and a couple bushels of oysters here. Everything off the grill was a crowd pleaser!I found this place years ago when I dated an employee and I have always returned for the freshest seafood ever. Whether dining in or picking up seafood fare for home, you will be certainly pleased by the friendly employees and taste. I highly recommend this business. You certainly will NOT be disappointed in any aspect.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,2/13/2014,167,286,3,8,5>I have always passed by Sportstown and never even thought about going to it. Looking at it from the outside, it doesn't look like anything fancy. I had a couple of friends who had mentioned how fun and neat it was. One day I was finally convinced to go.Walking inside, you see a small bar. Walking around the corner, you see that the place is full of pool tables and a whole variety of games. They had darts, ping pong, board games, a basketball arcade game, and a whole bunch of other stuff.There was a good selection of beers... and they all were cheap! I was surprised to see that a craft beer was only $3! When you start up a tab, they give you a wrist band with a number on it. That number is written down in a notebook and they write down whatever you order.Service was friendly. They looked like they liked being there and were attentive.The only thing I did not like about Sportstown is that it is so smokey. I came home stinking of cigarettes.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,2/12/2014,59,287,2,11,6>Ever have an experience that's so good it's almost bad? That's what happened to me at Kyle's. I visited three times in three days due to a mechanical issue. Each time, the guys were very helpful and showed excellent professional skill. They gave me advice which turned out to be absolutely essential to me not fucking up my bike for good (a part was trashed which couldve caused a lot of damage inside the wheel hub). When I eventually got the thing fixed, they did it for super cheap and super well. The quality too was amazing. Not only was a complicated problem fixed for basically no money, but they entirely cleaned my filthy machine, something I've done maybe once in its three years on Earth. That in itself was worth the cost of the repair, and they did it free!This is a truly great bike shop. I would go so far as to say it's the best shop I've been to, but I cannot... 3 years ago I started a Yelp account with the express purpose of praising what's still my favorite shop, Mello Velo in Syracuse, NY, who got me a $1300 bike practically for free. But Kyle's is certainly a solid second.Now, the so-good-it's-bad part. I used the Yelp coupon and really think I got more than I paid for. After getting a few extra items and redeeming the coupon, I was totally convinced I owed another $20. Either Kyle's is totally into giving people ridiculous discounts, or someone made a mistake. But, I took it to the guy who cashed me out (possibly the owner?) and he insisted that it was correct. Their prices are already on the low side of normal for most accessories, so I left feeling kind of guilty for maybe ripping off a shop that I really liked. This is probably the first time I saved so much cash that I felt like kind of a dick.Anyway, on the whole I would VERY highly recommend this place for service on your machine. The quality was higher than expected, the mechanics were very knowledgable and helpful, they seem entirely honest -- could have charged me for extras but didn't, and the price for what I had done was the lowest I've ever heard of. As for parts and bikes, like I said they're prices were the low side of normal, though the selection was a little spotty on some items. They do sell Kona, though, which is undisputedly the world's best bike and bike company (imho).
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,2/11/2014,62,481,,9,3>A very interesting approach to dining.  Originally I think the plan was an all iPad menu and ordering, and that's still available, but now there are also paper menus, and very attentive service. Everyone was extremely friendly, and the ambience is great. We tried an array of appetizers and liked them all, including the chickpea fries (great curry aioli), edamame hummus, short rib and mushroom flatbread (didn't really need the short ribs) and grilled veggies. Wines are available in as small as 3oz pours, which makes it fun to try different things. (Check out the Klinker Brick Farah Syrah, which won best of show at the state fair).I love this new addition to the Winter Park dining scene.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,2/10/2014,47,83,,9,6>Fellow Yelpers,It has been a long time that I've been on the hunt for a true gentlemen's barber who knows his way around a cut and can handle a pair of scissors with surgeon like precision, you'll find that John is just that guy.Searching through the top places for a man's cut in the Orlando area yielded his modest yet lively shop as the best option in town.  Reddit approved and yelp approved; it can't get much better than this.John is the sole owner of this barbershop and its only tenant as well.  The establishment adjoins a tattoo parlor on Primrose in the aptly labeled milk district of our beautiful city.  The outdoor walls are decorated with some great graphics which will turn any unsuspecting passer-by's head for a second look.  Relying upon his reputation as a solid and consistent barber and word of mouth, John has built quite the nice following as his shop fills up rather quickly on almost any given day.The space is rather limited with only a handful of chairs available and if you suffer from lower back issues you may want to bring your orthopedic pillow or just sit in your car due to stiff cushions on his waiting chairs.  He sells some great products (suavecito pomade, etc.) and the decor goes along quite well with his personality and the shop's motif.  It seems as if he has put together a reflection of his persona in barbershop form.  It's an interesting observation.The prices are extremely reasonable.  The waits are a drag if you stumble in later than 945am (guilty, waited until past two to get my cut) on a Saturday or past 10-11am on most week days.  The spots fill rather quickly so be sure to arrive super early to get in on the action, you won't be disappointed.  Sign in on his white board by his table where the pomades are on display and await your turn happily and [definitely] patiently as he does not put up with BS.  A legit old school type of guy with regard to how he handles his business and work.He does early appointments, but book early because once more he fills up very quickly in this area as well.  You will definitely pay a premium by having a special spot, but hey, it's entirely up to you if you are willing to dish out the cash; many are...Be sure to know what you want to do with your hair and he will deliver.  Check out my photos for interior shots, and the cool artwork outside on his shop's walls.  I've also posted  a photo of his pricing list for my brothers out there on Yelp looking for a fresh to death cut.I'm out.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,2/9/2014,82,327,5,7,5>Sometimes great ideas just happen, and you have to act on them fast. Yesterday morning I thought "a flower sale would be a nice fundraiser event at Valentine's Day".One quick Yelp search later and I found myself and Florida Flowers and Orchids. Be warned, this is an industrial area and there didn't seem to be any signage outside the business that indicated there were flowers (and not serial killers) inside. But I put my faith in Yelp and ventured in.Jason at the front desk greeted us and showed us to the walk-in cooler where they keep the fresh flowers. They had a good variety of flowers and it was nice to know how long ago they were picked and how long they should stay fresh. I bought some hydrangeas and my co-worker picked up the most fragrant lilies ever. We asked about roses for our fundraiser and were told that we need to place our order next month (December) to make sure we get enough for Valentines Day. Lucky thing we stopped in when we did! I also saw on another review that they offer flower arranging classes. I asked when the next one would be and he took my e-mail and said he would send me the info when they have it scheduled. I think that sounds like loads of fun. Can't wait to go back! =)
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/8/2014,138,169,2,8,5>Jake and Micky's is tucked into a strip mall on the corner of Colonial and Alafaya, on the south side of Colonial.  I found this little bar from a Meet Up group for football Sundays.  Its a Baltimore Ravens bar, on those days.  Which is quite amazing to me and made me extremely happy to finally find a place to watch the Ravens play.Its got a dive bar feel to it.  The crowd is a tightly knit group and everyone is friendly.  My review is only based on sundays, so im not sure what the crowds are like friday and saturday evenings.  I know they put on events for various causes and also cater to "ladies night". The bar tender Ryan is a great guy, efficient and always gives ya a smile.  They have a full bar, I do wish they had a larger beer selection.  The taps have your typical, Miller, Bud light, yuengling and a couple others I can't remember.  Nothing "craft-like.  Which is a big movement in Orlando, so I'm hoping someone there can pull in a couple craft beers. They don't have food, but on game day Sundays, Kesh Resturant provides a waiter to take orders.  This past weekend, Kesh was not open, so Hungry Howie's stepped up.  Its nice to see the surrounding businesses help each other. My other suggestion besides the addition of better beers would have to be for more TV's.  I know they're not cheap and the cable cost would increase, but I feel the left side of the establishment isn't utilized on those days when people are showing to watch games.  The current set up has you facing the windows, which glare from the sun can obstruct your view at times.    Overall, I feel the setup needs some tweaking.However, its a great place to stop in for a beer, talk to some friendly people and enjoy watching your favorite sports team.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/7/2014,39,47,1,11,5>I find this market is a welcome addition to the Audubon Park district. Some of it may be a little jarring but you have to go into it knowing the concept. Its just a building with multiple stalls for local businesses and such to have a storefront presence that they may not have had otherwise. Currently there is a coffee shop, juice place, cheese place, seafood place, a farm's storefront, bread place, and some furnishing place. The prices at each of these shops are set by the shops themselves and are congruent with the work that each place puts into their products. For example the meats (SO many cuts) from Lake Meadows aren't priced to compete with Publix but neither are the conditions the animals are raised. If you believe in supporting local and caring vendors than the prices are reasonable for what you get.They're still adding more as well so check back often. This week they've finally added wireless, which is nice because cell reception inside was terrible.Outside there is a small garden which actually gets used for some of the food for vendors inside. There are places to sit all around if you want to grab some food and relax. They also occasionally do events like the upcoming barre3 class.Its a great place built on a great idea and even though there were a couple execution problems to start it deserves to succeed.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/6/2014,92,300,7,9,9>When I first started running a few years ago, what brought me here was that I had a really hard time finding comfortable shoes for my wide- Fred Flinstone feet. They sat me down, measured my anomaly known as feet and told me exactly what it is that I need to look for when I'm purchasing a running shoe and the rest as they say, is history.I know that a lot of people stray from coming here because, let's face it; it is expensive to shop here, but they do have a very good variety of apparel and supplies that caters to runners.Also, take advantage of their clearance rack. I bought a Nike long sleeved tee for $10 that I've washed more times than I can count and it still looks the same as when I first bought it 2 years ago. Not only do I use it for running, but also for other activities like barre class etc. Go on then, give it a shot!Happy Running!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,2/5/2014,88,42,,6,5>Yes, folks. I gave Tibby's New Orlean's Kitchen five amazing stars. It's not often this happens. You usually have to have a fantastic mix of food and service, and this N'Awlins kitchen delivered.We arrived on a Thursday night, party of five, and smack dab into a huge wait. We were told about 45 minutes since there was another group of 5 ahead of us. No biggie, we did what you should do: head to the bar. I had my glass of white wine and Future Lawyer did a Hurricane ($7.50), which was the only liquor he drank before switching to beer. Those babies are strong! It ended up being an hour at the bar and the bartender was asking if we wanted to put in an appetizer, but we were hesitant because the hostess kept telling us "five more minutes". This fantastic bartender called over the manager and he told us to order a round of drinks on him and it really wouldn't be more than five minutes to our table. Once we were seated we put in orders for the BBQ Shrimp Appetizer ($14.00) and the Shrimp and Alligator Cheesecake ($11.50). The shrimp rivaled that of Bahama Breeze (just watch out for the shells!) and that "cheesecake" was gone within minutes.Now to the main attraction. I had the Fried Green Tomato and Crawfish Po-Boy, which I did a half of with a side of the Andouille and Cheddar Grits ($9.25). Our waitress failed to put in that I can't have the green onions on the grits (she seemed a little out of it, failing to bring me water too), but it was fixed pretty quickly. Those grits are like butta folks...as a southern gal, I love me some good grits.Future Lawyer had the Jambalaya, Crawfish Pie, File Gumbo Platter ($12.00) which he says is a sampler platter of "deliciousness". He even went so far as to claim that the jambalaya rivaled his fave Cajun restaurant in Lexington, Gumbo Ya Ya. Even though we were stuffed, and I had saved about a third of my po-boy and some grits for the next day, we ordered the Benginets. Three of them split between us was just enough sweetness, until the manager came back over and said those were on him too. Stellar food and amazing service like that will have us back again soon. I wish I had caught the manager's name, but to the manager with the bald head, the table of five lushes who likes to tip with $2.00 bills says thanks for being awesome and we'll see you soon!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,9/9/2014,36,94,1,8,5>Hidden Gem!Wow! I am Ta Ke's new biggest fan. I consider myself on a mission to visit all the great sushi bars in Orlando. If you're like me you must add Ta Ke to your list!Ta Ke is a very small sushi spot almost hidden in plain sight. The store front restaurant over looks Lake Ivanhoe and it's super cozy. They have an extensive sushi menu and small kitchen menu for those who need a little variety. The appetizer menu is definitely random but full of amazing choices. Lunch special is 2 rolls for $9.95 - Sweet! (Comes with a miso soup or house salad)I picked the California Roll (because no sushi trip is complete without one) and the Spicy Phoenix Roll (your standard chicken) and they were delish!! The rice and seaweed was moist and the ingredients were light and fresh. My miso soup was a little on the salty side but still very good. It was hot and full of flavor. We decided to order the Shrimp Shumai as well to get us started and it was amazing. When I asked our server what the "ponzu" sauce was she politely said "our special sauce with secret ingredients" ...adorable! The ponzu is a thick brown sauce that looks similar in color to eel sauce and it was also very yummy. 4 rolls and a Shumai platter later our tab came to $28.00...not bad. Service was quick, the staff was super sweet and the restaurant was quiet and cozy. I will absolutely be back!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/8/2014,92,300,4,9,6>The first time I came here was... wow, a long time ago!It took a CMYE event and fellow foodie friends who share my love for Pho to come back a second time because I had been told that the pho here is pretty righteous, and when I came here two years ago; it was my very first time eating Vietnamese food and I didn't even know what the heck I was ordering. I kinda just pointed at the picture and told the waitress that was what I wanted. *sigh* fast forward to now and I'm ordering the shrimp summer rolls with really tasty peanut sauce, and the Pho Tai. Oh man... This was so good, the broth is definitely the real deal, no cubes or packet mess here.I really like the other options they have available too, a lot of items which you can't really find in other Vietnamese restaurants unfortunately, like grilled chicken Banh Mi with a fried egg on top. There are several Vietnamese restaurants that simply don't offer Banh Mi, which is a shame, because it's delicious!One of my friends was trying Pho for the first time and she too had the Tai version. We were laughing because even though she kept saying she was full, she couldn't stop eating!!! I do believe we have created a fellow pho addict! The really awesome part is that the food is so inexpensive. The order of shrimp summer rolls alone is only 2.50; that's pretty awesome! It seems like the options for where to go if you're craving Vietnamese are ever expanding and I am so ever thankful for that :-)
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/7/2014,43,55,4,9,9>As a habitual renter, I've never really been able to be a crafty homeowner, which has kept me from creating the perfect porch to sit and sip a spell.Thankfully I can just head down the street to the new "Porch" on the corner of Fairbanks and Orange Avenue.It was a crowded Saturday late afternoon but we were seated right away in this open air restaurant.  The owners did a really nice job with the space.  There are plenty of large flat screen televisions, so this will undoubtedly become a place to watch popular sporting events, but it thankfully lacked the douche overly loud sports bar/restaurant vibe.  During non-sport excitement times I imagine the vibe to be even more chill. The space is conducive to groups that want a cool place to eat, drink and laze.Our server was courteous and as quick as he could be with a packed porch for the World Cup.  They have a decent beer and cocktail selection and I was pleasantly surprised with the menu selections. The server informed me that they get all of their meat from the Meat House next door, so everything is pretty fresh.He raved about their turkey burgers so we both ordered them, mine in slider or "speeder" form, and we got the Butcher's Block appetizer; a mix of soft pretzels with house made season sausages cheeses and mustards. Everything was delicious. The sausage had great flavor and was juicy and the mustards were a great addition, and I don't even like mustard!  The appetizer did take awhile, but a manager came over to our table without us saying a word and apologized for the wait and offered to buy us a round of drinks.  That was impressive to me for two reasons.When a restaurant is busy the kitchen is normally in chaos and ticket times can be all but forgotten with expo's just focusing on getting food out regardless of how long it takes.  For a manager to be aware of ticket times and visit the tables who are waiting means while things may be getting backed up, they are aware of it and present enough to do a table touch and make it right.  Communication in the back of the house and the front of the house.A few minutes after we have dove into our sausage and pretzels our turkey burgers arrived and were in bird heaven from the first bite.  A good turkey burger is hard to come by. It has to be so good that you don't miss the premium Angus beef the other tables around you might be tearing into.  These burgers were most importantly moist, had great flavor, and it didn't hurt to have tots on the side.Also, sweet potato tots are the only thing better than regular tots!The only disappointment was my dessert.  I chose the strawberry shortcake which was served in a small mason jar.  Restaurants just can't get enough of these mini mason jar desserts, but they are not always the best option for functionality.  Cramming layers of shortbread, whip cream and fresh fruit into a jar may look cute, but I felt like I got the short end of the stick on ingredients.  The shortcake was hard, there wasn't enough room for plenty of whip cream to counteract the tough shortbread so the strawberries were just left there chillin in a mess.If the rest of their desserts are served like this, I would rethink portion size and execution.Overall I'm really excited at the quality of the food for the price. I hope they keep their standards high in service and quality of product as time goes on.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/6/2014,446,44,1,6,4>This little hidden gem is located on the lymmo bus route on Magnolia. Its under the Solaire apartments aka the rear part of the plaza.I love coming here. Its such a great place to get a quick breakfast. My favorite is the butter and sugar crepe with strawberries on top. Reminds me of a strawberry shortcake.To go orders get 10% off their orders. Every bakery and pastry items is baked fresh on their on-site bakery. They are closed on Saturdays but I am sure once requested enough and depending on future business... they will open.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,9/5/2014,90,295,1,4,6>This café is finally opened! I looked at their online menu prior to my visit, everything looked promising! Organic, gluten free, vegan, and other options! I decided to check it out for lunch, it was easy to find a parking space with lots "Green Kitchen" only reserved parking spots in the front.This café is facing Kirkman road, in the corner of this tall new building that was recently built up. Comfortable cushioned chairs, there are some long green tables for big groups, also a couch in the corner to sit down and relax with a cup of coffee. Probably because they just opened, fridges for (Grab n Go) were not stocked yet. Decoration is simple with green and white, I would recommend adding some arts to the wall to have a homey feel since the café is located among all these businesses.Orders are taken on an Ipad, two cashiers, get your numbers and sit down, they will bring your food shortly. I wanted to try their Plate of the day "Quiche" but was told it'd take about 10 minutes, so I switched to the Grilled Chicken panini, it came on a bamboo looking plate which was visually pleasant to eat from, good portion size, house salad on the side which was good (not cheap lettuce iceberg), it was fresh and well made. I wish I tried their salad which looked even more promising, so I am saving that for next trip. Staff was friendly, but wish some of them would smile a bit more. Overall it was a good experience, would definitely go back again.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,9/4/2014,178,174,3,8,5>I like to believe Skyebird juices and smoothies help offset all of the unhealthy things I eat the rest of the week. Just let me have my dreams, ok?I've had several of their juices (Tropical Kale, Fresh Beets) and they are all delicious. My go-to smoothie is Skye's Fave. I've tried to recreate it at home several times and it never tastes the same. Their version is so damn refreshing. My version, to quote Mike W., "tastes like dirt." So whenever I need a smoothie fix I reach for my keys, not my blender.Juice prices range between $6 and $8, while smoothies are $8 or $10. Don't forget to bring back your jar to get $0.50 off your next purchase.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/3/2014,304,661,5,10,7>4.5 stars! Located off 426, just East of Dean Road, located in a small shopping center by Johnny's Dinner, The Cigar Lounge and Circosta's Italian. This space used to be the Oviedo Beef O Brady's. The interior is still very casual, but it's been spruced up a bit with a fresh coat of paint, new HDTV's and a nice backsplash behind the bar.  Very casual, so jeans and shorts are perfect and expect a lot of jersy's come football season.We enjoyed a nice dinner here followed by a second trip a few days later to check out Taco Tuesday and happy hour. Was not expecting the food we happened into on Mother's Day, a lovely 3 course, fixed price menu with wine pairings. $33 was a great deal and the food was delicious. We also ordered a sampling of apps, Fried green tomatoes were delish! Calamari was tasty and the Ahi Tuna app was really great and a substantial portion for $11. Wines were nice, better than your average sports bar. Mac and Cheese balls were wonderful, super cheesy and not at all dry. Service was great and we decided to head back to see how the new Happy Hour was. Our Taco Tuesday visit was a nice experience too, we tried a high top this visit and the bartender waited on us. Fallin was very nice and had good recommendations for for tacos. Chicken and pork tacos $2, Mahi tacos $3 and Short Rib tacos $4. They were tasty, fresh and packed full of the main ingredient. A fresh slaw was on the taco, along with Pico de gallo. (No cheese) A squeeze of lime would have knocked these tacos out of the park, but due to the crazy lime crisis and shortage this year- I get why there wasn't a lime in sight. I would have liked a type of hot sauce to round out the tacos, hubby agreed.The Margarita's were OK, standard sports bar margaritas made with generic sour mixer. Served in the traditional margarita glass, so the $4 drink was pretty small. Mental note: next time I'd got the $3 Quervo Well special with soda water and lime. Domestic beers were very frosty and $2, hubby was happy. We ordered 3 of the apps that were on special for $5. Fried pickles were pucker-worthy and perfect with beer, pimento cheese jalapenos were mild and fresh tasting, the wings were meaty and hubby-pleasing. Thumbs up!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,9/2/2014,62,481,5,13,6>Authentic French Bistro food and sidewalk cafe ambience, too. Just as cafes spill out onto the sidewalks in Paris, CloClo spills out onto the sidewalk at the Dr. Phillips Marketplace, but it is considerably more weatherproof than a Paris cafe, a good think on a rainy Orlando afternoon!The lunch menu offers the starters and lighter fare one would expect in Paris, including "Croque" sandwiches, a quiche of the day, and crepes. For me the highlights are the starters, including the smoked salmon, pates, and especially the mussels, which were perhaps the best I've had anywhere, finished in a delicate wine and cream sauce with a touch of herbs and a much lighter garlic dose than most places.The white sangria, a house specialty, was an unexpected surprise, and very refreshing. There are also a variety of Champagne cocktails.At night the sandwiches disappear and a few more entrees are added, but it's largely the same menu.The wine list is a bit scatterbrained at the moment, although there are plenty of interesting offerings. and it's in the process of an upgrade.This space was problematic when it was Press 101 because of an awkwardly placed ordering counter and bar. That has been corrected, and there is now an elegant indoor dining room in addition to the sidewalk area.Food and beverage pricing is very reasonable.Bistro CloClo is a great addition to Southwest Orange County, which really needed an authentic French restaurant. The fact that is it a Bistro with great ambience is a real plus.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,9/1/2014,128,118,5,4,4>Boardgames... Billards... and Beer at a bar.. count me in! (I love alliterations)Haven't been to this place in ages and it's still a great bar.  It used to be more divey, smokey, and more of a biker bar.  But with the rise of the hipsters in Milk District, it still retains it's original charm, but has some positive improvements.  I would still consider it a dive bar, but the smoke smell isn't as bad as other places and i don't feel as dirty being in there.The clientele is very eclectic.  You'll find everyone from  post-work happy hour, to smoking bikers, to bearded craft beer drinkers, to giggling college girls.  Everyone enjoying what Sportstown Billiards has to offer:  Retro board games, video games, and arcade games.  There's billiards and foosball too.  They have a pretty good beer menu and haven't tried the food yet, but it looks good.  I'm here to drink anyway.Tasty Tuesday food truck meet-ups originally brought me to the Milk District area, but I'll be spending a lot more time here.  Great place to just hang with your friends to drink and play games.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/31/2014,122,205,3,9,6>Don't be a chicken.  Eat one.Love this place!  It's set up the same as Four Rivers; wait in a line that's out the door, stare at everyone eating in jealousy and for research on what you're going to get, order your food, sit down and scarf down the food in less than 5 minutes that you've just waited 30+ minutes for.  The restaurant has a very open floor plan and is very eclectic.  Mismatched tables and chairs everywhere with a rustic feel.The mac n' cheese is the bomb....do yourself a favor and order it!  It's made with white cheeses instead of yellow and has this awesome topping of breadcrumbs that give it a nice crunch!  The rice and gravy is also very delicious!Now let's talk chicken.  The pieces you get are GINORMOUS!  You will surely put on a few pounds after leaving here.  The chicken was moist and the skin was super crunchy!  However, I do feel the seasoning in the breading was a bit too peppery for my taste, but that won't stop me from eating the chicken here, as I still think it was delicious.They have lots of different options other than fried chicken as well.  Shrimp n' grits, meatloaf, chicken pot pie, fried fish, chicken and dumplings, etc.  As for the sides they have things like mashed potatoes, creamed corn, green beans, fried okra, broccoli, collard greens, hush puppies, french fries, the list goes on.Of course they have multiple desserts to pick from (which I did not partake in this go around).  It's not separate like at Four Rivers, so you need to know if you want dessert when you order your food.  Otherwise I think you'll have to get back in line to order it.Do yourself a favor and go here!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/19/2014,127,151,5,4,7>We went here on a Saturday night for Old School Jamz night. It was $8 to get in and $2 for skates. If you pay with cash you save 50 cents. You pick out your skates yourself, there are lockers you can use, and then you are off. We all took advantage of the beginner area in the back first since we hadn't been skating in awhile. I was surprised at the number of kids there on "old school" night and probably would have preferred an adults only night, but we still had a good time. Unfortunately while we were there I was knocked over by another skater and took a pretty nasty fall. The rink manager was there in no time making sure I was okay. They cleared the floor, got me up, and had ice to me before I even sat down. Even though that part wasn't fun and was pretty embarrassing, I was really impressed with our quickly the staff reacted to the situation.We will definitely be back for another night of skating... just maybe on a weeknight during the school year when there are less kids ;)
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,9/18/2014,74,68,4,9,3>Found this amazing nail salon by pure accident. I was actually looking for a different salon when my GPS brought me here. You walk into the cleanest nail salon imaginable. The floors are a pale, dull wood. The walls are painted hues of tans, mustards & browns. Everything is still very new. They recently opened just a few months ago. I also have to mention there is no chemical smells due to the natural products that are used. The nail color station is color coded, and every single bottle has the name of the color. They use OPI, Essie & Shellac products WOOHOO!!!The tech had the water prepared for the pedicure even before I was seated. The massage chairs are amazing. I pulled my back the other day- this chair was exactly what I needed!! Wait til you read about the pedicure- for $25 you get the full treatment- where other places want to up charge you for everything little thing!!! This pedicure included being massaged with hot stones- something I personally have never had the pleasure of receiving. Put me into a trance of relaxation!!! She took her time- I never once felt rushed. My manicure was also pretty wonderful. I asked for straight square shaped nails, and that's exactly what I received. I HAVE FINALLY FOUND MY LAST NAIL SALON!!!! Now if I only I could find my last 1st date
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/17/2014,89,155,3,6,5>I LOVE how fresh the salad ingredients are at Olea! There are times where I will forgo the meat options and just stick with their veggies. Lettuce mix and all their salad fix-ins? Yes please! At first I thought Olea would be another gyro place, but they actually give customers something different to try that's out of the norm. Examples are the different dips that you can add to your base. One dip that's a standout for me is the spicy harissa. It's so delicious!  Another different option is offering Greek meatballs as a protein. Everybody loves meatballs, woo! All the employees that I have encountered here are extremely friendly and more than willing to explain their menu. I took a coworker here and the employees eagerly gave her the rundown. Besides the friendly service, I really feel you get a great value with the amount of food that you receive, especially with the bowls. These bowls can definitely be split into 2 meals!  Since you pick and choose what goes into your pita, bowl, or salad;  you definitely know what components are being added to your meal. All the proteins are seasoned and quite tasty. FYI, the falafel balls are flavorful, but soggy. It's really out of the usual falafel norm.  Side note, get the pita chips to go with a dip. They are so so so addictive!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,9/16/2014,22,70,3,3,4>A risk-free eating adventure!!!I don't enjoy most Asian food, so I am always a little wary trying a new place. Hawkers was suggested by a friend as a good place to take my mother visiting from Oklahoma who wanted to break out of her community's Mexican/BBQ food limitations.We cautiously selected a few safe options--noodles, skewers, spring rolls--then added the Malaysian flatbread at the suggestion of the waiter. Then we added in for kicks some random selections just to try something new.Overall the food was excellent! Well cooked, lean meat, balanced flavors. Even though I didn't like all of the dishes--due to my palate, not the quality of food--I wasn't disappointed since the dishes come in small plates that average around $5-6.Seating is limited, would not come with a large group, but would definitely return!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,9/15/2014,122,198,1,5,7>House of Beer is a good neighborhood bar that I wish was in my neighborhood. A couple of my friends and I met up at House of Beer on a Saturday evening. They had a Cigar City Tap Takeover we were looking forward to. House of Beer has about 40 beers on tap and several bottles. Everyone should be able to find something they like. They also had a pretty decent selection with a good mix of your usual choices and some rare ones mixed in. The staff was very friendly and let us try anything we wanted before we purchased. The prices were also the same as other craft beers bars in the Orlando area. If I find myself in the Hunters Creek area, I know now where to find friendly service and good beer!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/14/2014,103,190,4,4,4>Wishes granted - no need to travel to I-drive!  :-DI signed up for their promotional emails a while ago and finally found a good reason to go after Brazil got creamed by Germany.  I felt bad for Brazil so I came here.It made sense at the time.  So I made reservations for a Friday/Saturday $29.95 dinner special.  All you need to do is show them the email on your phone.  I didn't even need to make a reservation because at 8pm there were many tables available.  Parked in the pay garage across the street because I was wearing heels and predicted whining in my future.  I'm not sure if they validate.  I didn't ask.  The server was super nice.  Took our drink order and gave us some plates and utensils right away.  I was surprised the mixed drinks are so expensive when I got the bill.  Of course I didn't ask ahead of time how much they cost.Go to the salad bar right away with complete awareness you only have so much room in your stomach.  I recommend a modest sampling of the mashed potatoes and some select vegetables like asparagus.... maaaaybe some mozzarella and gouda cheese. Sit your ass down and wait for the assistant servers (??) to come by with meat.  All the red meat was fabulous.  I could have done without the lamb and chicken sausage.  I very rarely eat meat so I may be overstating the fact their meat is mouthwatering.I can't wait to try the lunch special next!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/13/2014,31,22,2,11,9>This was an experience like any other I have had before. I experienced my first floating experience yesterday. I can honestly say, it was a life changer. I initially had a few hesitations going into it. I do not typically get claustrophobic, but the thought of being closed in a tank of water did make me nervous. Before I hopped in the tank, all of my questions were answered, and my worries were erased. I was escorted to my room, and given a detailed rundown of what to do, what to (or what not to) expect, and tips to make my experience a good one. Everything I was told was extremely helpful. The best tip was "don't go into this with any expectations. And, I didn't. My frame of mind was "this hour is for me to relax, and unplug myself from the world. I also suffer from chronic back pain, and I was anxious to get to soak in massive amounts of Epsom salt for an extended length of time.  After starting my soak, I admit, being enclosed in total darkness did start to get to me. However, you can leave the tank at anytime, you are in complete control. I focused on my breathing, and quickly began to relax. Floating in the tank reminded me of being a child, and just floating in the bath tub. I was was in heaven. It is recommended that first time floaters float for 90 minutes. This is because it takes a while (for first timers) to truly relax, and get acclimated. I do wish that I had chosen 90 minutes, instead of 60. I still had a great experience, but, just like they said, by the time I was able to completely clear my mind, it was time to get out of the tank. The entire process was less nerve racking than I thought it would be. You shower (in the room) before, and after you float. They have earplugs that you can use to keep the water out of your ears, but I recommend that you bring your own. The entire experience was enjoyable, the staff was not only helpful, but completely comforting. Such a pleasant place, and people. I will be purchasing one of the packages so I can continue this process. My back feels less tense, and I slept like a baby that night. Having that time to myself to unwind was one of the best things I have done for myself. I plan to continue this. Thank you Total Zen for the amazing experience.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/12/2014,14,120,1,8,8>Quick take: Very good BBQ, decent sides, plan on sharing a tray of food with friends.We went here for lunch over the weekend and were very happy with our choice.  This place evolved from a food truck and it shows with the ordering process.  Rather than a menu given to the table, they have their items written up on a chalk board.  I'd imagine some spots in the restaurant would make this very inconvenient.  For us, it wasn't a problem.  They do not offer traditional combo plates.  You order the meats by the quarter pound and the sides are a la carte.  They have sandwiches and I think those may include a side, but we didn't try that so can't say for sure.  We ordered some meat to share: pulled pork, pork belly, and brisket.  Along with the meat we got their kansas city, carolina hot, and texas sauces.  I liked the carolina hot the best.  Good vinegary tang.  The pork belly and brisket were awesome, among the best I've had in town.  The pulled pork was pretty good, had a few fatty chunks in there which was unfortunate.For sides we ordered collard greens and mac 'n cheese.  Both were very good.  We sampled some of their house made sodas (no coke or pepsi products available here) and I quite enjoyed the birch beer I had.  Finally, we had to try some bread pudding.  Most places pack that into a ramekin and serve it.   Southern Moon served a gigantic mountain of bread pudding with a huge topping of merengue.  It was tasty, but yeah, expect a huge portion.Overall we'd definitely be back.  If I had any suggestions it would be to go ahead and print some menus for people to use at their table and to design a few combo plates.  I heard several customers confused about how to best order food and some combo plates would probably alleviate that issue and help introduce new customers to what they have to offer.Think of every item as family style and order enough for the table and you'll enjoy it.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/11/2014,293,472,4,9,9>South + York is located in Winter Springs at the north end of Tuskawilla Road at 434 in the Publix plaza. It's a gourmet farm to table restaurant in the former location of Hollywood Bistro. South + York opened in late 2013.  Their menu changes daily and with the seasons using whatever ingredients local farmer's have available.Chef Edgar Cruz was born in New York and did his culinary training in the South where he met his wife, hence the name South + York. The decor is very pleasant with a mix of stand alone tables and some leather booths, atmosphere is modern and simple yet well done.For dinner we ordered the following dishes:Tempura Goat Cheese with Cracked Black Pepper & local Honey $8 - This was excellent I would have preferred something to to eat the goat cheese with like a cracker or toast points, they are very soft and delicious but something more firm to counterbalance it would be great.Arugula Salad - Blackberries, Pine Nuts, Red Onion, Sweetgrass Dairy(link) green hill cheese $9 - The cheese was from Georgia, and is a double-cream Camembert-style cheese. Very good.Mussels - House made Fettuccine, Swiss Chard, Fennel, Onion, Saffron Broth $22 - Superb seafood flavor, the mussels are served without the shells and the broth had a wonderful bite to it. I was spooning up every last drop of the broth at the end.South + York Burger - bacon jam, pimento cheese, fiery pickles, fried green tomato, truffle fries $15 - Burger was made medium rare with Wagyu beef. The pickle had a great homemade flavor. The truffle fries were very large I'd call them potato wedges. They had a nice crisp crust on them and the truffle flavor was quite strong.Another interesting item they had which I didn't get a chance to try was the Fried Green Tomato Oreo which was served with the snapper, I'll have to order that another time. I also hear great things about the seared scallops, see a picture here from their Instagram linkFor dessert I had:Bread Pudding - dried cherries, golden raisins, vanilla ice cream, ginger raisin sauce $7 - strong and sweet flavor, you must like raisins and dried cherries to enjoy this dish.Overall I'd say my experience was excellent as was the food. I think South + York is a great addition to the Tuskawilla area, the only other restaurants of note anywhere nearby are Stefano's Trattoria & Thai Basil a few miles south. The lack of great dining choices in the area and the excellent food at South + York should be the recipe for success. The location is a little hard to see from the road, hopefully they can get the word out, as we all know good news travels fast.They also have a decent beer selection, I had a very nice Swamphead IPA from Gainsville, not as hoppy of an aftertaste as I would have expected.South + York serves breakfast on Saturdays and Brunch on Sundays where you can order unlimited mimosas!Arugula Salad - Blackberries, Pine Nuts, Red Onion, Sweetgrass Dairy green hill cheese $9Tempura Goat Cheese with Cracked Black Pepper & local Honey $8Mussels - Handmade Fettuccine, Swiss Chard, Fennel, Onion, Saffron Broth $22Truffle FriesBurger with Truffle FriesSouth + York Burger - bacon jame, pimento cheese, fiery pickles, fried green tomato, truffle fries $15Bread Pudding - dried cherries, golden raisins, vanilla ice cream, ginger raisin sauce $7Check out their website:southandyork.comTwitter:twitter.com/SouthandYorkFacebook:facebook.com/SouthandyorkInstagram:instagram.com/southandyo…
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/10/2014,251,140,4,5,6>I'm weird about sushi. I either love it or absolutely hate it. I had a friend tell me about this place, when I heard the location, I started to doubt the place. But she insisted that I would love it because she is really picky about sushi as well. I finally went there a few weeks later, ended up getting bunch of rolls, and the gyoza. The gyoza (dumplings) are some of the best I've ever had, although I wish they were larger, they are so tiny. Thy sushi is amazing, I got obsessed, I went back like 5 times in one month because it was addicting. I took my mom and my grandma there, and they became obsessed, too. My grandma never stops talking about the forrest roll! I definitely reccomend this place to anyone!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/13/2012,178,174,1,20,7>Amy is the best! A friend recommended her after having great results from her facial peels, so I had to give her a try. Amy's top priority is keeping your skin in the best condition possible. She tailors her treatments to your skin's particular needs and doesn't try to sell you stuff you don't need. She also gives you tips for at-home maintenance in between treatments. If you are unhappy with your skin, call her now!!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/12/2012,53,103,,6,1>Visited their new location on their grand re-opening.  They have triple the space and their own parking lot now!  The best part, though, is the expanded drink and food menus.  Many of their daily specials made it onto the regular menu and several totally new additions made their debut.I tried one of the brand new additions-- Orange Chickun with onions, peppers, and broccoli over basmati rice.  It was fantastic!For veterans who enjoy the more laid back vibe of their previous location, sit at the bar-- the feeling remains much the same.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/11/2012,85,232,,5,2>Tried the summer special Surf N Turf w/ bottle wine ($100) for two this past weekend. Both parties at our table shared the same selections.  The halved 8 oz. filet steak portion looked pretty small on the plate. Served with steamed asparagus,  looks were deceiving as we all left quite satisfied all the same. The Vines really has steak preparation down. Though I prefer the taste of a NY Strip, their grill is great for any cut. Needless to say, forgo the steak sauce. I had to try it just out of curiosity, and McCormick packaged sauces came to mind on the sampling. Now, I'm not a steak sauce-in' type  person anyway - so  there is a ton of bias in that opinion!The (halved) 2 lb lobster  was succelant and the drawn butter is like the topping on a cupcake.  Decadence is allowed in small portions - right?The Robert Mondavi Cabernet Sauvignon 2009 was a welcome touch to encourage the easy going mood so inspired by the live, easy listening jazz from around their awesome wine cellar. Busy place on Sat. night but we were sat spot-on as reserved. Overall the Vines  Grille did another great job at providing value for the charge.We'll be back soon for the happy hour outdoor lounge experience.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,10/10/2012,210,146,2,4,3>I will eat here again for sure. This place just opened near Bumby and Conway Rd.  It most definitely has the look and feel of a little hole in the wall type place from the outside. The inside was very clean and service was pretty fast.It's a California Style Mexican Kitchen (not sure what that means as I have never been to a California Style Mexican Kitchen) But I will say the food was very good and freshly prepared. Our meal consisted of the Burrito which was huge, and the Beef Taco & Enchilada combo with rice and beans. Both meals I would have again.They also have on the menu but did not try (I will though on future visits) was several breakfast burritos that they serve all day long.The credit card machine was out but they do take good ol cash! I think this place will be one of those little sleeper joints that you'll hear about and could become a locals place.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,10/9/2012,59,210,,4,6>Delicious food, excellent and friendly service, and an enjoyable ambiance. I'm a TRP fan girl, so I may be (actually, probably am) biased, but hear me out.The service was friendly, quick, but never overbearing, and our server seemed genuinely friendly. So, service met (high) expectations.For drinks my mom got the C&L Lemonade, which was super, super great, and I ordered the Rose of Pinot Noir (or something like that). My wine was good on its own but did not pair well with my food. I know that's a "duh" moment, like who would drink a rose with heavy meats, but I hadn't decided on my food yet. Oops, lesson learned.On to the food, which was the star of the show. We started with the Waffle Fries. Oh my goodness, I was ready to lick the plate. The chicken liver gravy sounded intimidating, but I really enjoyed the creamy texture and the taste of vinegar. It was very present but didn't feel heavy or cloying, and the waffle fries were not heavy or oily either. The green onions on top were a bit pickled, which added to my love for this dish.For the main show I ordered the Grilled Lamb Heart and my mom ordered the Beef Brisket. The brisket was super tender, very buttery, and almost melted in your mouth, though I didn't taste much in the way of seasoning. Still, I loved it. The pickles and biscuits were also really yummy, so that was definitely a winner.The Grilled Lamb Heart was excellent, and I was surprised and disturbed by how much I enjoyed eating the heart of an innocent little lamb. I'm still trying to get past the guilt. The popped grits, peaches, and peanuts were all good, though I didn't like the taste of the peaches with the lamb together, and the peanuts with the lamb didn't jive too much for me. Still, the heart was delectable. We split the Bibb Lettuce Salad, which was good but not superior IMO. I wouldn't order it again, instead I'd save room for more dessert. The mix of flavors and textures was nice, but the greens felt a wee bit soggy from the dressing.For dessert we split an order of the doughnuts. The doughnuts were super delish, but that caramel in the cup was ah-mazing. Oh my gosh, I keep thinking about it. We were advised to dip the doughnuts in the caramel, but I really preferred to just eat the caramel on its own. It had a thicker consistency than just a dipping sauce, and the cream and citrus glaze just added to the intensity. Mmmmmm I loved it.Overall I am very much a fan and will be returning soon. One thing I like about C&L as opposed to TRP is that it's easier here to make things budget friendly. The bill came to $80 for our entire meal, but if we had avoided alcohol (which is no fun, I know) and the salad, it would have been down to $50 easy. Choosing between an appetizer or a dessert would bring it down to $40. That's still pricey, but it's more affordable than TRP and you're still getting delicious food.I also enjoyed the twists on Southern cuisine. I didn't walk in expecting traditional Southern fare, so I wouldn't advise anyone else to hold those expectations. This isn't down home comfort food or soul food, but it is food with a soul.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/8/2012,130,122,2,6,5>For $21.95 you can eat brunch to your heart's content. Did I mention that unlimited mimosas are included in that price? Sweetness.Once I got over the initial hustle and bustle of the place... I mean, the waitstaff all look like deer in headlights because brunch-time is so slammed... I fell in love with this cafe.You can order a la carte or graze off the buffet - all for $21.95. Their eggs benedict looks amazing, and their french toast filling (just the filling) is to die for. But the buffet is the star here, equipped with perfectly cooked salmon, eggrolls, cheesy polenta, crispy bacon, and a bevy of danishes and fruit. Quite impressive for the price.My favorite part are the metal tubs of ice that house all the different types of juice bottles. Just pour your favorite flavor into your champagne. Guava mimosa? No problem. Bellini? Here you go! Pear and champagne? It's there. It's all there.I love it, and I am sure you will too. Just be patient, please. Once you get a table... all is good to go. Hell, call them and make a reservation. It will save you (and them) some headache.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,10/6/2012,56,122,2,7,4>I can't find a time when this place isn't packed. At night good luck finding parking. In the day time go as soon as they open.The prices are cheaper at lunch time. My favs are the Chili Jam, Spring Solls, and anything that has the word Curry in it. Everything is well seasoned and it has a nice balance that goes well with the rice or noodles that come with your meal.Well with the wait. The people are fast in their feet. Before you can think that you need a refill, it's filled! Just when you are waiting on your food or appetizer and wandering "when will my food get here" it's there! Tah-dah! Like magic! Cal in is great too. They say 20 minutes but when I show up early it's always ready to go.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/5/2012,92,300,4,4,6>"Ode to 420 burger"I have searched and now need go no further,You have spoiled me for any other burger.Angus beef takes center stage on a brioche bun,Lots of melted cheese, oh what fun! Pineapple relish, a fried onion ring,Oh, but there is one more thing!The candied bacon is like no other,So damn good, you'll want another!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/4/2012,1539,171,4,10,6>This is a family owned business on 192 in Kissimmee.  It is located in the dead zone (everything closing) between tourist ville and real downtown Kissimmee.  We arrived and were seated promptly.  We started with the bruschetta with fresh mozzarella and it was quite good.  Sab had a wine flight which she really enjoyed. The severs seem to be very knowledgeable about their wines. I got the veal marsala which was served with mushrooms and  prosciutto.Spectacular! Sabrina had the shrimp scampi and she can write her own review (ok she loved it).  We both finished with tiramisu which was home made by mom. That means really, really good.  I am really torn between a four and a five here.    Service is a five     Food is a five     Location is a five for me but not most    Decor is a five for me twenty years ago.  Kinda reminds me of the great old Italian in Chicago and  in New York.  The Godfather may have been sitting next to me here.    Value is a four to five.  I could get the samish meal at a chain but not for much less and it would not be the same quality.I think back on the total experience and it is really a five.  There may be an equal in Orlando, but down in Kissimmee this wins best Italian hands down.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/3/2012,44,67,4,7,8>I try to space myself from James D.. But alas my time to review has arisen once the servers now know us. (repeat customers? No...)I don't know how to put it lightly. I really love Oblivion. As an ex-Brooklynite I miss that local vibe where beer menus are plentiful and the menu semi rotates. This is exactly what Oblivion offers. My man is a cider man, they really have quite possibly the largest cider list I've found in Orlando. This is great, really, most people dismiss ciders but they complement food so well, I've *gasp* even found myself craving a cider instead of a beer. But as the dedicated beer drinker in this duo, there is a great selection that gets changed up. They allow you to sample 2 beers to pick from, which is something I havent tried yet... I just risk it. I'm cool like that. Honestly, I'm just happy to have my favorite bar food joint to have Brooklyn Brewery on tap, and not just the lager.The food. It's awesome. Seriously, I think of oblivion for their food and then the drinks, but really the two go together so perfectly :) The one time I regretted ordering something was a dessert and only because it wasn't something I craved naturally (mint based flavor) and I don't really do desserts unless it's cheesecake. The burgers are perfectly seasoned and cooked as requested. I have to commend whoever is in the kitchen for consistently cooking the burgers correctly. I order medium and it's spot on (dare I say even down to the correct temperature too, wouldn't be too shocked...). Of the burgers, I'm a fan of the Pretzel and the Cheeeese. The pork lovers nachos are really something - you dont see pork rinds enough in typical US food, maybe its the Colombian in me, but I love the idea of this and it tastes so much better than regular nachos (which they do have if you're not a pork person). The italian corn dog is a beast, it's a meal on it's own and I was slightly embarrassed trying to handle this massive meat stick with my child sized hands. Theres so much more to comment on, but personally I'm just so grateful for the seasoned chips/tots. Try all the flavors, each time we've gone we do a different flavor because we can.The daily specials is what does me in, it's what motivates me to go in as frequently as I do. There are themed days, such as Tot Tuesday (used to be Taco Tuesday) which allows you to create a potato based bowl of food. As of currently, the poutine is my weakness.We've brought many friends here and I'm glad we have because they've appreciated the food and variety in drink. A friend from out of town made the comment that it was very hipster-ish, I don't know, I feel that the very concept of hipster is a broad concept and could apply to most of anything in Downtown Orlando. So, if you appreciate quality food, variety of drink, and awesome service (and if you're a Detroit fan and want to watch a game) give Oblivion a shot! Oh and dont forget to visit the bathroom and write on the chalk boards ;)
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,5/13/2010,86,116,4,8,5>Awesome little mom and pop cafe. Small little coffee shop / wine, beer bar. They have vegetarian options as well as hearty sandwiches with plenty of meat. It's ran by an awesome couple and one of them is vegetarian so the veggie side is pretty good. The biking theme is awesome and promotes a fair mix of roadies and fixed gear kids that frequent the shop, but is great for those who are not into cycling as well. The soups and sandwiches are awesome. Side note- 1.They have a group ride that meets up on Sunday mornings that are a nice pace and everyone is invited. Great group.2.Just got word that the gun shop is moving out next door and a bike shop is moving in next door.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,5/12/2010,77,69,,6,4>Luma is flat out one of my top favorite restaurants in town! I was actually part of the opening staff 4 years ago when Luma was introduced. The concept is amazing and so is the food! The menu by chef Brandon is constantly evolving but remains consistent, innovative and unique. The ingredients are top quality and the flavors pop out from each menu item. I love to visit major cities and try innovative restaurants. Luma has brought the nouveau to Orlando has always been one step behind what  in the culinary world is doing in my opinion. To be honest, when Luma first opened, I wondered if Luma would succeed in Central Florida market. The menu setup and style with the original chef was so different from what most restaurants were doing. The initial review from Scott Joseph wasn't overly flattering but I flat out disagreed with his write up. Todd was an awesome chef (a fellow graduate of the Culinary Institute of America) but departed soon after the write up. Brandon took his place and redirected the menu. The quality ingredients never ceased and restaurant continued to gain in popularity. I could go on and on for a while writing about the food and everything else that comes with Luma but my co-yelpers have written some awesome reviews which are helpful. You can literally close your eye, place your finger anywhere on the menu and you will have an awesome dish. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,5/11/2010,359,208,4,4,6>OMG YUM!!!I have to thank Annette G for letting me know about Harmoni's brunch and breakfast flatbreads... that's specifically what brought me in this past Sunday morning!I had a breakfast flatbread that had scrambled eggs, bacon, cheddar cheese (which is apparently made in house?!) and holandaise sauce... sooooooo yummy!!! Paired with a yummy and slightly spicy, refreshing bloody mary = a PERFECT lazy Sunday brunch!!I loved the atmosphere, too. It was nicer/more upscale than I was expecting, which was actually a pleasant surprise.Colleen B. had the french toast, which I tasted... omg! The homemade bread was soooo fluffy and thick! The french toast was not soggy at all, and was so tasty!I definitely want to head back to Harmoni for dinner one evening to see what other kind of deliciousness they have! YUM!! And thanks again, Annette!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,5/10/2010,226,115,3,12,8>Paul has done a great job of reviewing Northland. I attend the Longwood / Dog Track Road location and love it! Pastor Joel Hunter is a mesmerizing speaker; he is passionate and full of vigor as he discusses generation-old biblical issues and relates them to our modern-day lives. There are so many classes that you can attend that I cannot even name them all, there are classes for special-ed children (this was, literally, a Godsend for my nephew who is autistic), classes for couples, divorcees, seniors, women, men, youth, children, you name it! Prayer groups, mission groups, group after group of God-loving people who want to serve and show their love to the peeps around them. The music is upbeat, a mix of classical hymns and contemporary Christian and everything in between. The church hosts various Christian artists' concerts, plays, musicals and other amazing entertainment in their larger then life venue. If you haven't checked it out, you should. If you're looking for a church, you should visit. If you don't want to go alone, call me. If you want to try it on-line first, go for it! ... and all of God's people said ... AMEN!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,5/8/2010,271,84,4,6,4>Despite the mixed reviews on this place, my friends and I were in the mood for hibachi and let's face it- Kobe is expensive, especially when on a budget. We met up at Ginza and while it's in a terrible area of town and the outside is less then impressive, let's face it, I'm here to eat so who cares what the neighborhood looks like if the restaurant's good. One more note about the area before I move on- it's just like any other Orlando neighborhood; a mixed crowd near some less-than-savory characters. I suggest parking on the street as the back parking lot isn't well lit, well-paved, or from what I can tell, well-monitored. The inside of the restaurant, though, is really nice, cool decor, decent vibe, spacious. Enough about looks, I'm here to eat!The food was very good- I do find it hard to tell the difference between the meals at the hibachi grills, they all kind of taste the same to me. That's not necessarily a bad thing, though. No complaints here about the food. I had the filet and chicken combo for...wait for it...$18.50. Yes, that's filet MIGNON and chicken. With the soup, the salad, the rice and noodles (anyone else wonder why rice AND noodles?), and veggies. Awesomeness. Even though we were there for Easter, the restaurant still offered a great special my friend took advantage of- $13.95 for chicken, steak and shrimp plus all the sides and apps mentioned above. VERY big portions too- I had enough food to take home for two additional meals. Yes, the food still tasted good as leftovers (which almost never happens with hibachi). The menu is definitely reasonably priced and while I didn't try any, they also offer a full sushi menu. The service was...an experience. Everyone was very friendly, but what a poorly managed wreck! I don't blame the servers, it didn't seem there was any organization whatsoever. With only 1.5 full hibachi tables in the restaurant, you would think 3 servers, 2 hostesses and the manager? owner? could handle 12 guests. That, unfortunately, wasn't the case though. Before I rant, I want to say thank you to our head server Justin, who definitely redeemed the experience and had common sense, a great personality and memory. Ask for him.Everyone else though? W-O-W. I've seen problems in restaurants when there's a dedicated server to a table, and team serving.I couldn't quite tell you what was going on at Ginza, though we were asked at least three times from three different people what we wanted to drink, eat, etc. 12 PEOPLE! The staff wasn't busy, they were standing around watching, so why were we playing table-tag with the food and drinks? I like attentiveness, but this was ridiculous. Pick a table and serve it, or everyone in the restaurant take 1 person at the table or figure out SOMETHING. The other issue was that the same servers would come back after they had already taken our order and try to ask what we wanted again...and never bring it. All very odd. Suggestion to the owner: Promote Justin, and organize yourselves. Even great food at a good price isn't going to continually keep me coming back to chaos. You can't fully understand the confusion unless you experience it. I hope it was just a one time thing (perhaps they thought training an entire new set of staff on a quieter night was a good idea?). All in all, A- for food; B for effort; D for service (Justin, A for you); B- for the environment; A+ for pricing.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,5/7/2010,23,286,,5,4>For a home-cooked meal at a restaurant, Polania is the spot.  We enjoyed four Polish beers, one appetizer, and two meals for just under $50.00.  The mushroom and saurekraut pierogi are sumptuous.  The stuffed cabbage and goulash are perfect entrees to warm ya up during the cool weather.  The service is super accommodating.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/24/2009,5/6/2010,186,121,3,4,3>I ended up going there twice in a single day.  I sat at a table for lunch and then went again with some other friends and sat at the bar.  The menu was good and decently executed.  I tried (while sharing) the kobe carpaccio, whihc was really good, the mussels which had good flavor, the escargot, the buffalo mozzerella salad and the grits and shrimp.   The latter two tasted like someone had dumped salt on them.Everything else was good, not great.  Everyone I was with loved their food, but it is my review so I am tellign you what I think.  Things were not executed to a higher level.  It seemed more like trendy ingredients then great dining.The atmosphere was very good, a great and reasonable and wine list and the SErvice was fantastic.  The bartenders were entertaining friendly and attentive.  I will go back, probably for apps and drinks.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,5/5/2010,67,382,3,6,3>Here's a hole- in-the-wall you could even walk right by without noticing it. It's nestled amongst a whole slew (pod? bevy? Squadron? Passel?) of Asian restaurants- most of which are Viet.  Which makes sense, seeing as if you're standing in front of this restauant, you're kind of in the middle of the Vietnamese and gay areas of Orlando. (Interesting combo, now that I think of it.)If you don't know me, dearest yelpista, I'm a self confessed severe Asian/Latino Food Buff. ("Hi, My name is Roberto, and I've not had Asian or Latino food in 5 days!") My Viet friend recommended this as the best of the bunch. It's very small and cramped- which is a good thing, if you know where I'm headed here. In a way, you feel like you're eating in the owner's own dining room. I know that I couldn't have been treated more warmly. Tables are older, the interior is, well, functional, and the food is just great. I was the only non-asian guy in the restaurant the whole time I was there, and that's just the dining experience I was looking for. Cant' find it? Look for the old art-deco styled Publix (kind of cool, huh?). It's on the corner right across from the Publix parking lot. Big sign on the corner, yellow background. I put a pic in of the outside--  sorry it was dark when I took it. Give it a try!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,5/4/2010,222,330,6,9,6>Earlier yesterday my friend and I started talking about seafood and came upon the realization that we were craving crab legs on a psychotic level. We just had to have crab legs. So after reading a few reviews on Yelp, we headed to Cityfish which offered $20.00 all you can eat Snow Crab Legs.And they weren't just some disappointing anorexic crab legs with weak meat - they were fresh, decently sized and well prepared. We took full advantage of it. The way they were steamed provided plenty of salty, sweet flavors that nearly made the melted dipping butter unnecessary. I wish the $20 deal at least came with a small side of coleslaw or something (my boyfriend had fried shrimp and his came with a small plastic cup of coleslaw, totally didn't constitute as a "side" but whatevs) but for the price, all you get is unlimited crab legs. I had about 3 orders of it and they were always piping hot. I ordered a loaded baked potato that was served lukewarm but the bacon was really tasty!They also have on draft Orange Blossom Pilsner for about $4 but at $19 for a pitcher buying one for 4 people doesn't seem worth it at all.Cityfish's all-you-can eat crab special runs from Sunday to Tuesday and I think for a relaxing Sunday afternoon or to start off the week, it's a great deal if you're having a sudden, insane craving for crab meat like I did
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,5/3/2010,149,191,4,13,9>Orlando Wetlands Park was built around several (18!) large, shallow lakes that were originally dug as a place to reintroduce highly treated sewage water from the Iron Bridge Plant into the environment. Over 2 million aquatic plants and 200,000 trees were planted, in addition to the existing native vegetation. After about 40 days of filtering through this man made wetland, and the neighboring natural wetland, the water eventually makes its way into the St.Johns river.The 'lakes' and the surrounding land have since become home to a very diverse population of wildlife, especially birds.  In between the lakes are berms topped with hard sand/shell trails which are excellent for hiking, biking, and even horseback riding.Pets, however, are not allowed.If you crave some wide open spaces, If you want to see some wildlife, or some wild flowers, or just enjoy the absence of noise, this park will fill the bill. Its HUGE, and even on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, you'll only see a few, usually very polite, visitors.You can hike for miles if you like, and never even get your feet wet.Benches are scattered along the main trail for resting or picnicking  and there are clean restrooms and maps available at the trail head visitors center. There are (thankfully) NO vending machines here.We only picked up a couple of small pieces of trash all day.On our leisurly six mile walk today, we saw roseate spoonbills, hawks, ducks, herons, egrets, turtles, bass and garfish, as well as armadillos and the tracks of raccoons, deer, rabbits, and fox. On this, our second visit, we didn't even come close to seeing it all.Be sure to bring water and a snack, and you can see things that are so far  away from the theme park experience that its hard to believe.This is Florida's beauty at its best, y'all.Just look at the photos. They're all from our second visit,  just one Sunday in April 2010.Oh, yeah.ITS FREE!(hint: go early for the best chance to see wildlife and beat the heat.)
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,7/29/2010,321,407,4,8,4>I woke up today in the mood for a good lunch, but having no idea what I was in the mood for. Then I got on Yelp and read a review from yesterday for Anatolia.  I read the other reviews and nearly everyone was waxing poetic over it.  I guess I've seen the name of this place before, but I probably read Anatolia and thought Adriatico in College Park (big difference).  I just learned that Anatolia is another name for Asia Minor.Starting with a Turkish red wine, I ordered a soup, Cacik -- I think it is pronounced Jah-Jeek.  It was a cold yogurt soup with diced cucumbers, herbs and garlic, and it was probably the best thing I've had in my mouth for months!  Along with the lavas (bread), some red cabbage and Greek (I think) olives, I was already in love with this little spot in Dr. Phillips Marketplace.There is a wealth of vegetarian and vegan options. There also was a load of kebabs to choose from, but I selected a lamb saute, Kuzu Sote, "chunks of seasoned lamb sauteed with fresh vegetables, mushrooms and hint of garlic."  This was accompanied by bulgur, but you can choose rice as well.It was enough food for two (as much as my belly is growing, I may be eating for two), so I had the leftovers boxed for later, along with the lavas.  Still, I had to try a dessert, something I almost never do.  It was Kazandibi, "baked caramelized milk pudding" reading from the menu. Scott Joseph recommended it, saying that it was a sort of combination between creme brulee and flan.  I would call it more flan-ish and I'd also call it scrumdiddlyumptious.  Two glasses of wine, soup, lavas, lamb and dessert all for under $50 before tip -- wowser!  Love this place.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,7/28/2010,38,89,4,4,2>Another good choice for a dive bar in town.  This is more of an alcoholic's place than say Wally's, but it does the trick.  Drinks are cheap (cash only!) and the people-watching is ALWAYS great, but if you're easily skeeved out I would steer clear.  Be ready to play pool with strangers and get a bump from Drunk Bobby.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,7/27/2010,19,45,2,7,5>Most extremely good things are often wrapped in a seemingly plain package. G&G, for instance, was absolutely never on my radar as I passed by it to go grab sushi or get subs. It never clicked, it just looked like another one of those drab stripmall asian restaurants and my brain quietly steered my away from it for months.I am a goddamn idiot for not noticing it sooner.It's got absolutely delicious food, the pad thai is a sticky, saucy mash of amazing that clings to your tastebuds. The spring rolls are among the best I've ever eaten - and I usually just think of them as 'meh'. Their shrimp is prepared lovingly and they even cook 'em with the shell on! (yay! Proper preparation that means more flavor = happy me!) I can't wait to go back to try the duck, which, by the smell and the look of it on our neighbor's plates, seemed delicious. The decor is very mellowing. Warm earthy tones with some gold highlights and odd little paintings - the lighting is low but not so dark you need a candle on your table. The whole place just kind of quietly emanates this tranquil, serene kinda vibe.The service is excellent, our waitress seemed genuinely happy to work there and we had a nice little chat with her. She seemed genuinely knowledgeable about the food and if we had people new to thai there, she'd probably be a super help on recommendations.Overall - go there. Try something that looks delicious. If you've never tried thai, this is probably the best place to try something.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,7/26/2010,238,467,4,7,5>This is a nice spot for some flavorful Greek food.  I went on a cold night so the ample seating on the outside patio was not being used.  Inside seating is a bit cramped.  We ordered a bottle of wine with dinner, and to my surprise (and delight) we were treated to shots of ouzo!  It's a beer and wine place, but if you're drinking, they'll pour you a shot with dinner.  Very nice!  Prices are a bit high, much higher than I expected.  Entrees come with a choice of potato or rice and green beans.  The green beans are good, but not the best green beans ever.  I had the pastitsio, and it was alright.  The bechamel was firm but still moist, but they didn't use the pasta I like.  The meat was very flavorful, but there wasn't very much of it.  The baklava!  Oh... now that was something special.  They use honey in the syrup which I think makes all the difference in the world with baklava.  It was delicious and came with another complementary shot of ouzo.  OOPAH!Overall, I think there are better places in town for Greek cuisine, but this is still pretty high on the list.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,7/25/2010,70,106,7,2,4>The story you are about to read is true. This is the City Beautiful, Orlando, Florida. My name is Skacey. I carry a hand stamp. 6:16 pm. Saturday. My partner and I need to kill some time before our evening activities begin. We decide to continue our investigation for the supplier of the perfect Guinness. We have a tip that this is such an establishment.Approaching the building, we run into a tactical challenge. Parking is located behind the building and the access alley is an extremely narrow, one way. This is no place for a 1966 Ford Fairlane. Fortunately for us, we drive a Jeep Wrangler.This is a fairly small pub, a few booths along one wall, bar seating with traditional english bar towels, and a large throwing stage for three steel tip dart boards. Service is quick and friendly and the bar does allow smoking. They have Guinness and Strongbow cider and I remember seeing Dos Equis Lager. Oddly out of place in an english pub.The Guinness pour is very good, and the cool dark liquid goes down well. My partner has a Strongbow which is also well liked. We did not have time to dine and we left before the Saturday pub quiz started. Perhaps next time, and oh yes, there will be a next time.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,7/24/2010,469,289,4,15,8>I acquired a menu from the Golden Dragon in my mailbox. One night after a tired day at work and no one wanting to cook we thought we'd give it a try. The menu is standard typical Chinese take out, although they carry some very different appetizers for a Chinese place. Tostones, French Fries, and Sweet Plantains are all listed. None of which we ordered and I think it reflects the small regional area here near john Young (South Orlando/Kissimmee) more so than Chinese food in general. We had the hot and sour soup, the vegetable spring rolls, chicken fried rice, and Hunan Beef with white rice. I'm picky about rice, it must be cooked well, and this was cooked perfectly. The larger size of the hunan beef was enough to feed two very hungry people, or perhaps 3. The hot and sour soup was balanced and flavorful, the spring rolls were good, I wish they had just a little bit more filling, but over all they were satisfying.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,7/23/2010,131,243,2,6,4>A review of a CHURCH on Yelp!  OMG (that 'G' is for "goodness", of course - Commandment #3!)  But how can I resist?  I love this church too much to pass up a chance to talk it up and plaster a '5' on her.  I was sitting through the multi-nation finale yesterday after an entire service that brought us logically and beautifully to this climax, moved to tears, and I'm sitting there thinking, "Why me, Lord - why are you so good to me to let me find this church?"As a start, Northland is not, repeat NOT, your traditional church.  Oh it is very solidly bible-based alright, and doctrinally impeccable.  But unlike other so-called evangelical churches, it is not focused on the "two big issues" that other churches are fixated on, namely abortion and homosexuality.  To be sure, Pastor Joel (and the church) has a stance on both, and is not ashamed or afraid to say so.  But the attitude is totally non-judgmental. Instead, OUR big issues are taking the church outside of the 4 walls and half a day (that you are in "church").  It's also extremely environmentally friendly in that we have a pastor and a Board that wants to see us take care of the environment, even if it meant (and it did) losing some well-heeled "customers" who just could not bring themselves to see things in a different light, which on this issue - as Pastor Joel has shown definitively and repeatedly - is the BIBLICAL light.  There are 5 worship services every week - 5 on Sat, 9/11/6 on Sun, and 7p every Monday.  Too far?  Try our distributed sites in Oviedo, West Oaks and Mount Dora, where concurrent worship takes place at various times.  None of those times/places work for you or you can't come because Johannesburg is an 18-hour flight away?  Worship online.  EVERY worship service is different, every one is challenging, every one is moving.  The music and staging is of professional caliber, but you always get the sense that it's focused on the One above, not anyone down here below.  If this sounds like the church for you, or if you've really not thought about church lately, but want to give it another shot, give Northland a try.  If you want, I'll give you a personal tour.  Here's a link to the church worship site:northlandchurch.net/webs…I look forward to seeing you.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,7/22/2010,111,174,,6,2>Because the crowds at the Winter Park farmers market made us cranky, my husband and I started to frequent the Maitland Farmers market on Sunday instead. One of the best things that came from this switch was our discovery of the Ck Jerk Shack. Drawn to the wonderful smells that were coming from the festive trailer that was parked at one end of the market, we decided to treat ourselves to lunch and let me just say that this was some of the best BBQ pork I have ever had. I'm not kidding hands down the tastiest stuff ever. So Good! The bark was crunchy and flavorful and the meat was juicy and tender. The coconut rice and beans were the perfect compliment. As we were sitting there eating my husband turned to me and said "I could eat this every Sunday!" Let me tell you - so could I! Now we crave the stuff and a trip to the Maitland Farmers market is all about the Jerk! YUM!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,7/21/2010,359,208,3,7,5>OMG YUM! And tooooo cute!!I recently tried some Sweet mini cupcakes for the first time at a Yelp Elite event, and OMG! I am smitten!! First of all, these colorful tiny cupcakes looked SO CUTE on the 3 tiered display they had set up! I'd like a permanent display in my kitchen, please! To add to that, a very cute little menu with pictures to describe each cupcake so that we knew what we were eating! Awesome!I tried the Red Velvet - melts in your mouth! The icing is just amazing... yummm... I also had one that was chocolate cake with chocolate icing and chocolate sprinkles... not sure what the name of it was, but it was also amazing! The icing really is heavenly... Not too thick and heavy, and not too fluffy either! Perfect!If any of my friends are reading this - I would LOVE some Sweet mini red velvet cupcakes for my birthday!!! :)
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,7/20/2010,92,92,3,5,5>Not much to say except for order  #4,#6 and #11 off the sandwich menu. This place is awesome. So far everyone that I have taken to this place ends up going back by themselves to grab a few sandwiches. Why it took me so long to try Vietnamese subs baffles me. The price is right, and so is the food!! Buy 5 get 1 free!!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,7/19/2010,226,115,5,5,7>What a fun place. It's like Chuck E Cheese for adults. The biggest difference? Good food! Okay, really good food; the drinks aren't bad either. Yum! The atmosphere is fun and there is something for everyone. Billiards, bowling, karaoke, basketball ... Need I say more? You don't have to carry around tokens either; you can preloaded a specific $ amount on a card and swipe it as you go. This card is also where you accumulate "tickets" to cash in for prizes. Family friendly with things for the kids to do too.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,7/17/2010,271,84,2,9,4>It didn't take much to convince my shop-a-holic friend and I to stop into the White Wolf Cafe for brunch. One $3 Mimosa and Bloody Mary sign and we were in. Once I found out they offered a variety of flavored mimosas? I'm hooked!White Wolf offers all day breakfast and a pretty extensive lunch menu, though their weekend hours were a bit limited. While their kitchen closes at two, our server was happy to accommodate our group for some additional Sunday cocktails in the early afternoon. Though the menu items could be found at just about any cafe, there were a lot of them! They even offered pita bread and hummus (one of my faves) as a side or as part of a vegetarian sandwich. The food came out fast and so did the drinks- added bonus if you're looking to hit the vintage shops in the area. The mimosas are a must try- they're decently priced, delicious, and had several flavors to offer. My personal favorite was the pineapple mimosa- trust me, it's worth a try!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,7/16/2010,186,121,,4,4>Listen, if you were thinking about eating healthier, becoming vegetarian or just want to satiate your significant other, this is the place to go. It's perfect for lunch and I have yet to be disappointed by a menu item.  So far the pecan crusted eggplant, the curry wrap and the black bean burger are all thumbs up.  The portions are big too, if you feel you are still going to be hungry with no meat.  It's a great atmosphere and a nice location.  Check it out.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,7/15/2010,222,330,9,10,6>It's a pretty large bowling alley with an arcade, bar, billiard area and a mini-golf. It's what you'd expect from a large bowling alley and not terribly priced - I went with friends and we had a great time. My only gripe is when it's busy, I had a hard time finding any balls below 10 lbs. Here's a big tip: definitely take a peek inside the mini golf BEFORE you pay for it - they weren't joking about the mini part. It's literally just a garage that was painted in blacklight paint. The balls they give you barely glow in the dark and if you're like me, you'll spend more time drunkenly posing with the scary painted clowns than actually keeping track of your game. Save yourself the $4.00 and head to Congo River up the road on 50 for an actual mini golf experience.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,7/14/2010,90,56,,3,3>I've been to Eola Wine Company in Winter Park several times and have always enjoyed it. The flights are great for sampling wine and they go well with the cheese plates, which you can pick 3 or 5 different cheeses to try. They also have a large selection of beer. With plenty of seating inside and out, I've never had to wait for a table or been made to stand. They play really good music and on Fridays there is an excellent live DJ. The waitresses are very knowledgeable about the wine and beer, but when it gets busy, don't expect prompt service. The crowd is usually laid back and this is always my first choice over The Wine Room.If you are looking for a place on Park Ave to have some wine and good conversation, this is the place to go.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/13/2010,52,80,8,9,4>OYSTERS!  Several of these other reviewers talk about the rest of the menu lacking options, which is fair, but to be honest the rest of the menu is just filler for those poor fools who don't like oysters.  Sure it's old, it's dingy, and it can smell funny, but isn't that what we're after sometimes? As Anthony Bourdain said, "I've long believed that good food, good eating, is all about risk. Whether we're talking about unpasteurized Stilton, raw oysters or working for organized crime 'associates,' food, for me, has always been an adventure."  I couldn't agree more, which is why I love saddling-up to the raw bar and ordering a pitcher of beer and a bucket of raw oysters (approx 3 dozen to a bucket for $18 -- best deal for oysters in town).  They bring all the accoutrements like cocktail sauce, hot sauce, lemon, horseradish, and an amazingly entertaining and "real" shucker will shuck until you stuff yourself silly.  Great conversation and shucking skills are just two reasons to tip very well, as these 'servers' really earn it (have you ever tried shucking oysters, it's a pain in the ass!). Basically, if you like oysters, and don't need to be pampered with white-glove service and exorbitant prices, then head to Lee and Ricks and enjoy some great Apalachicola oysters at one of Orlando's iconic establishments.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,7/12/2010,209,153,2,10,6>One word: MAGICAL.Aroma is so good that I want to go back to the other places I've reviewed and bump them down a notch. That's right - it has re-set my bar.My boyfriend and I stumbled into Aroma tonight after seeing Phantom of the Opera at Bob Carr. We were looking for someplace that still served food and thank god Dexter's was done, otherwise we would never have found Aroma.We walked into a cute little bar area with a section clearly meant for live music, although none was playing tonight, and we were greeted by the owners - Gloria, her son, and maybe her daughter - all very sweet, very attentive, and clearly proud and loving business owners.Now,... what was so magical? *sighs*The lighting was low... The music was JUST the right mood... The wine list was extensive... The atmosphere,... just perfection. I cannot highly recommend this enough. As for food: First of all, it came out FAST.  I ordered the vegetarian panini featuring marinated mushrooms, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, lettuce, soft bread, cheese. Absolutely outstanding and FULL of flavor. I paired it with a pinot grigio which was also wonderful.My boyfriend ordered the baked ziti with meatballs. It came with bread that was deliciously covered in butter. The meatballs were medium size, perfect for cutting in half with a fork and soaking up the marinara sauce. I had more than a few bites of his dinner. :)Now their menu is not extensive, but their wine list is. All their food is made fresh right there to order. Gloria - the owner - spent a few minutes chatting with us. She asked our names, got us signed up for email alerts, and urged us to come back when they're playing live music. Her son plays guitar and her husband plays violin. On Sunday's they apparently have live music outside, and when the weather is nice I bet this place is freaking epic. So what else do I have to say to make you guys wanna go here? It's family owned and they are SUPER attentive. The food is delish. The wine list is excellent. The atmosphere is magical. I will be back - SOON. And in the meantime - go there yourself! You'll love it!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,7/11/2010,149,191,3,5,4>2/2011.....Sadly, this authentic carniciera and restaurant is closed.When we found that the restaurant we were looking for wasn't open on Sundays, we stopped into this delightful hole in the wall. I am very glad we did! This is as authentic a Mexican eatery as you'll find around here. The parking lot was filled with mostly trucks, and we were the only norteamericanos  in the place. Its not fancy, but reasonably clean and the server was as hospitable as she could be. Shortly after sitting down we were greeted by the friendly server who placed a crock of salsa and a basket of just made tortilla chips on the table. She warned that the salsa was muy picante, and she was right. It was hot, and also fresh and delicious! We ordered enchiladas with mole sauce from the especials de la casa page, $6.99. Four enchiladas made with chopped (not ground), grilled beef. They were covered in a delicious mole sauce, drizzled with sour cream and topped with crumbled queso blanco. I didn't find a speck of gristle or fat anywhere. On one side of the large oval plate were the usual refried beans, also topped with crumbled queso, and delicious seasoned rice. On the other side was shredded iceberg lettuce and slices of real, honest to god, taste like tomato, sliced tomatoes! My Dos Equis beer was served ice cold. As we enjoyed our meal, the TVs at both ends of the room showed football (soccer) with the sound muted, and we could hear the cook through the serving window singing in a fine baritone voice. Speaking of music, as we were leaving around 3:30, a well dressed senorita was setting up a Karaoke machine in a corner near the bar.I wanted to stay, but we had things to do..... BTW, the restroom was pretty clean, and past experience  tells me that the kitchen probably is, too.As I said, this is a muy authentico Mexican place. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit, and will return when we're in the area. BTW, it helps if you speak a little Spanish, but you'll probably be OK even if you don't. These are nice people, and they made us feel welcome.They'll probably do the same for you.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2010,7/10/2010,80,84,,3,2>Cool little spot that plays decent house music. They have a lot of local DJs spin here and DJs from other cities too. They have some seating, but nothing big. This place is really small, so when it gets packed, it stinks, and people run into you with cigarettes, spills drinks, etc.. But its like that anywhere that is packed. I think one night they have a hip hop night. Drinks are not that strong, and not that cheap. Its pretty much average. If you are looking to listen to house music, come here.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,7/9/2010,29,43,,25,5>Very friendly service! Their pizza is amazing and they always have great specials. It's way better quality pizza than any chain place and the prices are around the same if not cheaper. We order every Tuesday when they have a $10 large cheese pizza and 2 for 1 bottled beer.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,5/31/2012,74,56,4,9,9>I really, really, really like Black Bean Deli.  A quaint shop offering Cuban cuisine staples.  I've heard about this location for quite some time and finaly made the trip.  It was well worth it.  The menu is simple with your choice of a small list of sandwiches, platters, sides and desserts.  I'm surprised I didn't see Cafe con Leche on the menu! What!?  Anyhow, we ordered the Pulled Pork Mojo Sandwich, Cuban Sandwich, Pollo Papa Rellenas, Garbonzo Soup, Beef and Chicken Empanadas and a Quesito for dessert.The Cuban Sandwich was absolutely delicious and much bigger than we anticipated.  The best Cuban I've had in a long while.  The pork/ham portions were perrrfect, I was tempted to eat nearly half of my fellow diner's sandwich but resisted.  I did after all have my Pulled Pork Mojo to contend with.  It too was large!  A lot more meat than I expected.  Girthy, no complaints there!  The more, the better I say.  However, with the abundancy of meat, there was a level of dryness.  The menu says it is cooked in Mojo, but because it was so dry, we didn't taste too much of it.  We love Mojo pork, so we had some forethought to ask for extra Mojo on the side.  The sauce itself was outstanding.. I wanted to pour it right down my throat.  Instead, I poured it all over my pulled pork so that the dry meat could soak up the moisture.  Much better.. but still, a little dry.  The Pollo Papa Rellena was very flavorful with excellent seasoning throughout the potato ball and chicken itself.  The star of our dinner were the empanadas.  What makes a great empanada is the crust and the seasoning of the contents.  BBD nailed it.  Flaky, warm crust and well seasoned beef and chicken.  Absolutely delightful.  The Garbonzo Soup was decent.  I love chickpeas in general so this was a treat.  The soup itself had a nice creamy texture to it.  But my only criticism is that it tasted a little bland.  It had flavor, but not what I expected.  It needed more pepper and a little salt.  It would have been perfect if it was seasoned more. The Quesito was a very pleasant surprise.  A FUH-LAKEY crust encases sweet cheese for dessert.  Lip smacking good. Overall, the pricing is very fair.  For $5.00, you get A LOT  of sandwich.  They could probably sell their sandwiches for $7.00 easily.  Half a sandwich would be enough to satiate you adequately.  I also love the intimacy of the deli. A hole in the wall that makes you feel cozy.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/25/2012,167,286,6,8,6>I wish this place was on another part of town! It's located off of West Colonial near the Pine Hills area. So pretty much, the "rough" area of Orlando. But, I really think this place is worth it to drive all that way.The owners are Vietnamese, so they have some traditional Vietnamese dishes also on the menu, like Pho Ga and Bun Rieu. The restaurant itself wasn't classy or anything. I wouldn't hang out there for sure. I ordered my food to go.I ordered the Crawfish Special, which included two lbs of crawfish, a half ear of corn, and a potato. You have the choice between garlic & butter, spicy Cajun, or both. I chose both.The spices that they used were AMAZING! I couldn't get enough! The crawfish were so delicious. I can't wait to go back. My mouth is watering thinking about the crawfish doused in spices. It's like crack, if I knew crack was like. Two thumbs up!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,5/24/2012,144,100,,5,3>My best friend and I had fallen in love with this adorable outdoor cafe, which is just the perfect niche on a nice cool evening downtown. Relax Cafe offered a gorgeous view of Lake Eola, and the environment was indeed relaxing.  We ordered Greek salad with grilled chicken. The salad rocked! It was loaded with "life is good" stuff (Chicken, feta, cucumber, etc.) with dressing and some fresh homemade pita breads. The waiting staff was quite attentive throughout our meal and making sure we were all cool. This place is highly recommended if you're looking for a nice casual meal downtown with great lake views.  It is best to go during cooler months since it is an outdoor eatery. BONUS TIP- Dine here around 730pm or 9pm and catch the jazz show which begins at 8 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. featuring a choreographed water, light and sound show of Lake Eola. It is a stunning sight to be seen. Ah, now I feel so relaxed.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,5/23/2012,58,45,15,7,5>Holy wow. I feel rich just writing a review of this place.Fellow yelpers, I am too poor to afford to go to a restaurant like Chatham's Place. Honestly, my crowd hangs out at the World's Largest McDonald's down the street at the corner of Sand Lake and I-Drive. I'll be damned if that McDonald's doesn't have the best pizza I've ever had.But I'd be lying if I didn't say that I had quite possibly the best restaurant meal of my life at Chatham's. When I was informed that my work would be having their annual Christmas party here, naturally I jumped at the chance to not only gawk at my drunken coworkers, but to sample one of the restaurant's on Orlando's famed Restaurant Row (a little further down the street, but what's a mile or two?)The service at Chatham's is exquisite. The attention to the food and the guests is evident in everything from the description of each of the menu items by the maitre'd (as in "Our lobster bisque is made from only the tail and claws of the lobster, and only from lobsters that we have allowed to sleep on water-resistant feather pillows and that have been exposed to classical music for a minimum of 5 hours a day."), to the gentle banishment of crumbs from the presence of the guests with the help of what I have creatively dubbed "the crumb-flicking tool."What's more, the food at Chatham's is TO DIE FOR. I joke about lobsters being pampered in the kitchens of Chatham's, put damn it if that bisque didn't taste like it was made from the happiest lobster to ever swim the ocean floor. My four course meal continued with a romaine wedge salad topped with grapes (I know, right?) and oven-baked prosciutto (I KNOW, RIGHT?!?!?!) and the filet mignon in a Madeira demi-glace (it literally melted in my mouth. I could cut it with my fork), and finished with a slice of Key Lime pie, drizzled with mango sauce. A-MAZ-ING.So why four stars if the food was so glorious and the service so impeccable. Because the portions are too damn small. My filet was a decent size, as was my salad and my soup, but my sides of mashed carrots and sweet potato and green beans that come with the filet consisted of a nickel-sized amount of carrots and a nickel-sized amount of sweet potato, separated by one - ONE! - garlic sauteed green bean. I'm all for letting the meat be the star of the dish, but really? One green bean?All in all, when I'm rich and famous, I'll be sure to visit Chatham's place again. It is a lovely, romantic spot in beautiful Dr. Philips, and a great place to go to celebrate a special occasion, a special someone, or a drunken coworker.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,5/22/2012,122,205,4,10,10>This has easily become my new favorite hangout downtown.  They have a great selection of beer on tap that is changed out more frequently than other beer bars I have been to, which is nice because you'll get to try something new almost every time you go!Jason is extremely helpful and knowledgeable when it comes to finding the right beer for you.  So if you're a little out of your element, don't worry about it because more than likely you'll learn something while you're there and can try any beer you'd like until you find the right one for you.It's a very laid back atmosphere and just a nice place to relax, have a good time, hang out with some cool people and have some good beers.  You can also get delivery or take-out and bring it there to eat, which is a plus in my book since I'm always hungry. It always smells good in the bar due to the fact there is no smoking and candles are lit every now and then.  The bathrooms are always clean and they're by far the neatest bathrooms I've been into downtown.  Mosaic tile all over the walls with various quotes and be sure to flip on only the black light while you're in there to get the full effect.  Both bathrooms are different but similar.  There's also an outdoor patio for nice nights, and they have live music a couple nights a week.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,5/21/2012,171,134,1,6,6>I have been meaning to check this place out for a while. The monkey definitely did not disappoint. The atmosphere is right up my alley. The dining room and bar area are intimate and dark, which I loved. I can imagine it may get a little close when it's crowded, but when I visited, I found it was quite comfortable sitting up at the bar by myself.I started my meal with a delicious fried goat cheese appetizer. It was lovely, and the crispy bits were done just right.The entrée was duck breast with berry reduction, asparagus and goat cheese mash. There was not a spot of food left on that plate when I was finished. Very, very impressive meal.I wish I could recall the name of the wine I ordered. It was a nice "interesting white"... went with the app really well. Sadly I'm sometimes terrible with names when it comes to alcohol (can't imagine why).  Overall I really enjoyed my experience here.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,5/20/2012,41,20,7,9,10>I am about to make a bold statement. Are you ready? Hands down best salmon in Orlando. No joke. I went in expecting it to be good, I mean, I had heard rumors. Good is an understatement. At Winter Park Fish Co they are the Andy Worhol's of seafood. They took something as simple as salmon that you see at every restaurant in town and made it colorful and exciting. A must try if you're a seafood lover. I had the salmon with couscous and veggies and my boyfriend had the shrimp basket with hush puppies. All 5 star worthy. It was a bit pricey, but their motto is "good fish ain't cheap, cheap fish ain't good," so no surprise there.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/19/2012,138,169,,5,6>Authentic, Fresh, service and variety equals perfection.  Yes, the place is small and it is a little difficult to find.  However, this is how  you find the amazing little places that make some of the best food you'll ever have.  Taco Tuesday was joined by the Orlando Foodspotting Eatup crowd at Border Grill.  We only had some reviews and a few pictures to prepare us, but it wasn't enough.  We were shocked at how great the food was and the personalities of those working there made the experience enjoyable. I had the pastor and pibil, both pork products, but the pibil is roasted in the oven.  My two tacos came with refried beans and rice.  The lettuce, cheese and tomatoes were fresh.  the meat was juicy, packed with flavor and had me wanting more when I took the last bite!  I selected one of their medium-hot sauces to sprinkle on top, while the original ingredients didn't need any help, it added a kick I loved!The staff was overwhelmed but took it all in stride.  They worked hard to please everyone and for the most part I think they pulled it off.  Hats off to them.  For me personally, I think Border Grill has the best combination and best tasting taco.  I had no complaints about the quality, freshness or variety.  A+We'll be back BG!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,5/18/2012,24,55,11,7,6>Found the " 'Lasagna' " creation awesome as reported... the macadamia cheese is delicious and convincing as a ricotta pinch hitter.. if you've ever gagged on soy cheese or similar, I found this to actually not suck..  That, mixed in with the pesto and the other stuff was great.  In place of pasta is zucchini (I think).  Whatever it is, grease up your elbows to cut it with a fork. 118 degrees baby!The Basil Wraps were filled with similar, plus avocado.. the wrap part itself is pretty crazy.. they press/dehydrate a bunch of stuff, including coconut meat apparently... I could eat these like spinach leaves.  These are like the fruit rollups of the earth, without fruit.  I might get some as take out so I can roll one up and smoke it.We got some avocado mound thing for the appetizer with a curry mango sauce that I don't think is on the menu.  As nice as that was, the crazy cracker things they give you with it (made in house) are crack.  Crazy, I say.  I could have used some with my " 'Lasagna' "...The kale drink tasted like a freshly mowed lawn as these things do. I really enjoyed the first half, but had to power through the second half just because lil'bit is quite enough for me.  Well done, I thought.. The pineapple one was nice.. simple, light, nothing that demands your attention.For dessert was the "pumpkin" tart. HEY. suppwiddatsheat dog?  They didn't put it in quotes in the menu.. It was nice and light.. but no pumpkin in it.  I dug it, though.  We also had the banana almond butter cup ice cream.. Little chocolate cups in it.  The texture is more like a custard/cream thing.. and I think it's made of cashews.  Felt like I was getting laid. All the food looked beautiful in person.As is said, you'll need to suspend your expectations if you haven't done a place like this before.. it will be flavorful.. but it may be difficult to envision and expect something.. It may serve as a novelty to some that they'll be content to appreciate and move on from.. I'd like to go back.. a meal like this every so often would suit me.  If you don't fill up easy, plan to get dessert.  I got dessert and still wished I got some hummus alongside things.. but not that's not to say that the portions are weak.As far as service, we were awesome.. at least that's what the server said.  Anyway, she was very sweet and very attentive.. and very excited to tell us about what we were eating.Do it.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,5/17/2012,181,355,10,8,8>Tally ho! Agave Azul is the best Mexican restaurant in town.This place completely buries PR's, Garibaldi's and any national chain you've ever been to around here. The upscale decor alone will overhaul your prior conceptions of what a Mexican restaurant can be.The food is outstanding here! We were a group of six tonight. The house margaritas were a fresh and delightful starter. The chips, guac and salsa were flowing large. We also tried the fundido which proved to be a hit. The entrees came out quickly. I had the Gorditas de carne which were 2 fantastic little handheld pockets of shredded beef joy. Accompanied with charros beans and rice, this couldn't have been better. Carla let me try her chicken mole and it was delectable, I say! Their mole is incredibly rich and flavorful. Meanwhile, Kelly raved about her beef enchiladas. Everyone was lovin' life.Good service and Holy Guadalupe, the bathrooms! Are we at the Ritz Carlton or que?! Overall an excellent dinner experience. If you like Mexican food or trying new places in general, you owe it to yourself to come here sometime. ¡Arriba!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,11/17/2013,18,101,3,7,5>Best fried chicken in Central Florida! Skip Lee's and head on down to Angel's, unless of course it's a Sunday, Monday, Tues, or Wednesday. They are only open Thurs-Sat, which means if you happen to be in the area on one of those days, you are obligated to go, since you can't just get it whenever you want. I can't bring myself to order anything aside from the fried chicken but I switch up the sides and have loved all of them, specifically the collard greens. Cornbread is also amazing. You get a lot of food for $6 and you are supporting a local business. Can't beat it, so just eat it.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/16/2013,119,305,1,8,4>After reading the awesome Yelp reviews, I was excited to give this place a try. My friend and I met up here for dinner a couple of weeks ago and had a fantastic time! The place was packed (make a reservation!), and it was a cool ambiance. Dim lighting, anime art on the walls (and playing on the tv screens throughout the restaurant!), gorgeous lanterns hanging from the ceiling. Our server was attentive and witty and helped us with everything we needed. Now for the food and booze! The cocktail menu is very unique. I had a cocktail with elderflower, homemade bitters, orange zest, and other amazing ingredients. The ___ Fizz, if I remember correctly. Sadly, I can't recall the name entirely and the website doesn't post the cocktails, but definitely check the cocktail menu out! You'll have drinks you'll never experience anywhere else. We both started out with the Pop Salad, basically your standard salad with delicious ginger dressing. The nice thing about it was that for the $6 price, they give you a good-sized salad with lots of fresh veggies, not just a bowl of iceberg. Next, we moved on to the Triple Tail Roll, which featured yellowtail, tuna, and salmon with smelt roe, chipotle lime sauce, and chives. WOW. An amazing roll with fabulous flavor. Everything was perfect. I also indulged in the Coconut Shrimp roll, which featured tempura shrimp, avocado, and japanese mayo. Toasted coconut shavings were sprinkled on top. Yum!I was pretty stuffed, but when my friend suggested we have the PMS for dessert, I relented. (Insert jokes about having PMS here). Think molten chocolate lava cake with creamy peanut butter that flows out with the chocolate, plus salted caramel ice cream (!!!) paired with it. Genius! Absolutely delicious. Definitely make a reservation here, and save your money! It's a bit pricey, but well worth the extra change. ;)
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/15/2013,161,140,3,6,3>Can something be so different but retain the same quality of food?? YES! I've been going to Lazy Moon since their old locations at the UC7 plaza. It was a neat place! I was afraid that would lose that 'coolness' once they moved and was even unsure if they were going to around. Thank goodness they found a home in a new plaza that is still on University Dr. All is well again.... The inside is modern/rustic/industrial - pinewood, metal tables, sleek lines, green plants, open ceiling. They even kept the hood from the old place with all those random stickers! It feels like home again - just like old times.Let me list a few things i've tried: greek salad, tomoto soup, slice pizza (toppings varies), calzone & cheese bread. Its a pizza joint - their pizza is awesome! I love how thin their crust is and its always crispy. The toppings I usually go for is either smoky bacon with artichoke or buffalo chicken with artichoke. This is not the place to go to if you want Chicago type of pizza.The 6 guns is a pretty good deal - a slice with a drink for around 6 bucks. The rest of the stuff is ok... as a side. Main attraction should be the pizza. There are different specials through out the week depending on the day..so you could say , score a sauce for free. Check, check it out! Plus they open super late (3AM) on the weekends - great for those late night cravings for a slice.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,11/14/2013,84,171,8,12,7>I finally made the pilgrimage to Yellow Dog Eats when a friend and I happened to be at the cemetery down the road visiting late artist Bob Ross' happy little grave (don't judge me).I was charmed by the neighborhood when I heard a rooster cock-a-doodle-dooing. I was charmed by the old house which smells ancient as you walk up the steep staircase. I was charmed by the fact that they encourage you to write all over the walls and have pictures of dogs everywhere. The patio in back with tables and Christmas lights? That's just damn charming.I wasn't charmed by the staff, however. They're just straight-up aloof and disinterested. Walking in and not having a clue as to what the process was, we waited several minutes at the front counter before being barked at and told to go to the back counter. Where's the love? The food made up for it considering that after dealing with the disgruntled staff, you no longer have to deal with them after ordering. The Fat Elvis (for Fat Asses) Sandwich is worth strangling an aging rock star over: pulled pork, bacon, fried onions and Gouda on a bun. This was seriously the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had, freeing me from 4Rivers and their two-hour line of starvation. The dessert case looked amazing. It was filled with homemade oatmeal cream pies and cupcakes and loads of other delights that cause the dreaded diabeetus. Everything looked delicious, but I still don't know as I couldn't get one of the Walking Dead to even look my way.Despite the weird vibe of a hippie enclave filled with an oddball staff, I'll return for the sandwich. I'd be willing to go almost anywhere for that sandwich.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/13/2013,60,184,,4,4>Located right in the middle of the Lake Eola district, the Hyppo offers a variety of flavors of their famous "Artisan Ice Pops."  Anyone who has been to St. Augustine has probably passed the original Hyppo, a cute little place always with a line.  I am so excited to now have one of our very own in Orlando.We have been there a few times now and the flavors rotate daily so there always seems to be a new flavor to try.  Chad loves the Blueberry-Pineapple pop with the tiny pieces of fruit in it.My favorite is the Key Lime.  From the tartness of a key lime to the sweetness of a  graham cracker crust, this was a perfect piece of the famous pie on a stick.Another favorite of mine is the Strawberry-Basil pop.  Pieces of basil really- pardon the pun- "pop" the flavor of fresh strawberries.Chad also likes the Orange Cream- kind of like the old Creamsicle- only a little more grown up, a little more orange and a little less cream.  Perfect.There are so many other flavors to try- from the Elvis (peanut butter, banana and honey) to the Mango Habanero to the Pineapple Cilantro, they have all palates covered.  No worries, they have more "normal" flavors too like Watermelon and Straight-Up Strawberry.AND.....any of the pops can be dipped in chocolate....just saying......At only $3.50 per ice pop, the Hyppo is a great place to grab a pop and take a walk around Lake Eola.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/12/2013,98,217,4,8,3>I absolutely love this place! one of the best if not the BEST Chinese food in town. and the place deserves 5 stars but i will explain to you later why I chose to give it only 4 stars.  I have been here about 4 times already, i wanted to have a good share of experience with the food before writing a review. throughout my visits here we've had about 9-10 different dishes off the menu everything ranging from chicken, pork, beef, fish, duck, noodles, lamb, dumplings, and everything has been delicious I really have no complaints about anything that i have been served here, everything truly is Excellent IMO. The metallic taste of the Szechuan peppers may take you a bit to get use to it but once you're use to it, you will be hooked, i'm telling you this because this a key ingredient in Almost all of their spicy dishes. As i stated before all the food here is soo good and tasty unlike anything you will find in Orlando, everything is so good that i really have no favorite dish thus far, every time i come back i want to have the same thing i had last time haha. But the menu has a wide selection of great dishes that i can't justify getting the same thing as last time.Now, my last visit here kind of left a sour taste in my mouth and made me a bit upset and it's not because the food was bad or anything but for what i feel was somewhat of bad business practice. It all started when i ordered a spicy dish, the Dan Dan (CN6 spicy pork) noodles to be exact and what i got was some plain not spicy AT ALL noodles. i had to tell the waitress to make the dish Spicy and not sugar coat the rest of my dishes , after all that is what i've ordered, spicy food. Earlier that night I'd over heard a white couple at the table in front me asking the waitress to make the dish spicy but i thought nothing of it but after i got my noodles it became clear and the waitress later confirmed it that if you aren't Asian the owner had instructed the staff to  not make the dishes "that spicy". I found this tactic to be "unfair" ( to not use a dramatic word)  specially when i have been coming regularly and knew what  the food was all about, for me to have gotten a bland plate of noddles was kind of upsetting without even been given a choice to start with. I think you should give your patrons the choice and maybe have your waiting staff elaborate more about the level of spicy is used on the dishes so that we can make our own educated decision whether or not we can handle the heat. You know, not only Asians enjoy really spicy food and i think making a pre-judgmental call about how much spice an individual should have based on ethnicity it's not really a smart move for your business. Some people could come with high expectation and leave disappointed which could potentially lead to bad a review. Personally i think giving people an option could not hurt your business, I'm not sure i can say the same about not giving options.Had i not been here in the early opening days,  and received the dan dan i got on my last visit this place would have surely gotten 2 stars from me and never would have seen me again, thankfully i know what the food is all about. So all asking is for you to please give people a CHOICE. i believe that the people coming here want to experience the real deal authentic Chinese cuisine and they should have the opportunity to experience it if they are up for it. I highly doubt the people coming here are the same that get Chinese food from one of those places where they have the big illuminated signs with pictures of the food on the ceiling talking about sweet & sour chicken, boneless ribs, sesame chicken etc. hopefully the owner will read this, though i'm pretty sure he keeps tracks on yelp because my first night there he actually took his phone out and pointed out the yelp reviews to me, little did he know i'm a yelp avid user! But, just a heads up in case this never gets to the owner, my advice is that if you enjoy spicy food and you are not of asian descent, make sure to tell the person helping you that you want it spicy. And to be honest it really isn't that spicy, more like a little numbing rather than burning spicy.Happy eating!!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,11/11/2013,631,1145,,6,1>What a pleasant surprise Hoover's Market was! I have to admit I often forget about Hoover's because it is hidden in an industrial area of 436 in Altamonte Springs. But when I finally remembered to stop I found the place hopping at noon on a Thursday. In fact, parking was a problem as they only have a handful of spots in front of the store. More parking is across the street.The store is quite large and divided into three sections. The middle are all the supplements, shampoos, lotions, vitamins, etc. To the right is the grocery section with boxed and frozen items. To the left is the fresh produce, loose herbs and juice bar. The employees were all very helpful and friendly. They had a lot of people bustling about. The store was clean and well stocked. Some of the items seemed pricey but the produce prices were comparable to other organic produce I've seen. This is a great place to find organic and holistic products. I can't wait to try their little cafe. I'll be back!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,11/10/2013,210,146,,3,2>Great little COUNTRY style cooking in Conway.Saturdays and Sunday always a crowd for breakfast.Look for the specials as they come up with some pretty good ones for Breakfast.Usually they have one plated for you to look at!Everything is cooked to order and served pretty quick.You might see a line outside as this is a small place with only about 12 to 15 tablesand is located next to a Church. So Sunday will be crowded depending on when Church lets out and you get there.Staff is very friendly and always enjoys banter with the customers.I have never eaten there for anything other than breakfast but I am sure lunch is just as good.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,11/9/2013,111,174,4,6,4>Last night we took advantage of a groupon offer and drove down to Sand Lake Rd to try the buffet here. When we arrived at 7pm they were not set up yet so we walked around the plaza a bit to kill time. When we returned the buffet was set and the space had filled up with patrons. I have to say that we thoroughly enjoyed everything we sampled. The food was fresh and flavorful and there was a nice variety of things to try. My favorite was the butter chicken and the potatoes and the spinach with lentils were also really tasty. The naan was great with a slight crispy char in places that comes from being cooked in a hot clay oven. For dessert they put out the Moghul version of bread pudding. Marty said he could have eaten the whole pan of that! I didn't see the regular menu but based on the buffet food I look forward to trying something from the full dinner menu in the future. I hate the flimsy plastic backyard picnic style tablecloths they use. I'm sure they make it easier to keep things clean but I am just not a fan. It also would be nice if they labeled the buffet options. I admittedly have trouble remembering every dish when the names are unfamiliar and told to me quickly by a person behind the line. Part of the fun of eating different ethnic cuisines is being able to learn about the food and to discover new favorites. But it is less so when you don't don't know what something is called the next time you want to order it. The owners were very nice and enthusiastic about their food - genuinely concerned that we enjoyed our experience. I'm not sure how long they have been open but it does have the feel of a place that is still trying to get it's bearings.The owner said that they will be moving the buffet to an adjoining space soon so I guess they are expanding. We particularly appreciated the fact that they did not react negatively when we offered up our Groupon voucher. To the contrary we were actually encouraged to buy another while we still could. That was a really refreshing response. So often restaurants voluntarily participate in these promotions yet treat customers who take advantage of them like pariahs. A dichotomy I've never understood.So we will definitely take them up on that offer. But even without a deal, we will return.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,11/8/2013,372,220,,24,3>Saigon Noodle and Grill recently opened in the same location where Pho Pasteur has been for quite a few years, in the plaza on the southwest corner of Lake Underhill road and Goldenrod road. I had visited Pho Pasteur a few years ago and thought it to be okay but not that memorable.The new Saigon Noodle and Grill is a big change from the previous Vietnamese incarnations in this place. Gone are the murals of Vietnamese jungles and rivers, replaced by a more placid light green wall color.The menu, still undergoing changes, has some of the faithful Vietnamese dishes like bun thit nuong (rice vermicelli noodles with grilled pork), com dac biet (rice platter with grilled meat, pork casserole, tomato, etc.), and of course pho, the Vietnamese national dish of beef and rice noodles in soup.Vietnamese food holds a special place in my heart, and I often find Vietnamese restaurant renditions of some dishes to be lacking at times, especially those who try to take short cuts or use less quality ingredients.The pho here is quite exceptional and filled with cuts of meat. The broth is as good or even better than the ones found in the Mills 50 area where competition runs high. I would say the pho here ranks among my favorite pho in Orlando.Service is also quite nice, run by Mr. and Mrs. Nguyen, long time restauranteurs and owners of Saigon Noodle and Grill. They are very friendly and gracious every time I've visited, and were accordingly accommodating to their other guests as well.For those living on the east side of Orlando, this is the best bet for some great Vietnamese food. Even if it were downtown, it would probably do well and best even some of the longstanding Vietnamese restaurants in the Mills 50 area.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/7/2013,69,43,4,7,5>Gastrobar...more like give me more, amirite?Ok...I know that doesn't make very much sense, but Avenue got me extremely excited after visiting them tonight.The first thing I noticed is the great beer selection. Its nice going to a place downtown that has more than your typical macrobrews but also isn't covered with hipsters that don't want anything that isn't a combination of pine cones and grape jello. I appreciate that they offer reasonable prices on good beers that beer drinkers can enjoy, which is uncommon in the downtown atmosphere.The place isn't fully open yet, so they've still got some work to do on the appearance, but the inside is a fantastic layout with plenty of room for the bar and the tables lining the back wall. They have plenty of tvs on and around the bar area that allow plenty of excellent view space if there is anything in particular that you are wanting to watch on tv. The waitstaff was extremely responsive to put on the hockey game that I was wanting to watch.Now to the part you actually want to read about....the food. The food was fantastic, and a great combination of different flavours and tastes. I got the loaded tater tots as an appetizer and they were covered with a healthy portion of cheese and cooked just right. They weren't mushy where you had to use a fork, but the toppings were plentiful enough to where you didn't get any plain bites. I had some friends that got the mac and cheese as well as the quesadilla and both were fantastic. the mac and cheese was incredibly creamy and full of flavour, it is definitely what I would get if I went back again.The main course I got was the chicken and waffles...I never would have thought about pumpkin waffles, but the pumpkin flavour was just enough to add a pleasant twist and taste to an already uncommon dish. I was extremely impressed at the flavour combination with the maple bacon syrup and pumpkin waffles, I would recommend it to anyone. I wanted to try the pork belly that my friends got, but they honestly ate it so fast I didn't even get a chance to ask for a bite to add it to my review...such selfish assholes!!!Overall, I would recommend it to anyone wanting a fun and pleasant atmosphere combined with great tastes and a wonderful and knowledgeable waitstaff that knew exactly what they were talking about and have wonderful recommendations, despite the length of time the place had been openGo here, you won't regret it!!!!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,11/6/2013,52,190,2,4,2>I visited Carmel on a Saturday afternoon for my lunch break at work and I really enjoyed it! The outside eating area is cool, i love the wood deck and roof and it seems like it would be a nice place to relax with friends.  Since I was on my lunch break I wasn't able to enjoy any alcoholic beverages but there were tons on the menu I was hoping to try PLUS they have Oberon on tap :) :) so thats two thumbs up in my Michigan homeown favorites in Florida book. I ordered the burger with fries for my side and both were delicious and my husband got some sort of chicken salad sandwich and he LOVED it and begged me to find a similar recipe to recreate it at home.  The iPad ordering went smoothly but it was a little confusing because we had a waitress asking to take our order as well so I wasn't sure what the difference was ordering on the iPad vs with the waitress.  Overall a great experience and I will definately have return visits.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/5/2013,37,83,4,12,6>Let me say that if I had not read other people's reviews and been prepared for some of the awkward aspects of this place, I would have given it a lower rating. However, I came here with the right expectations and ended up having a great experience.First of all, I really like the idea of the place. The hidden entrance, the '20s decor, and the guise of a small Pharmacy all play really well into the theme of Prohibition. Given that concept, the owners have chosen to make the restaurant and bar small in order to maintain the feeling that you're in some secret club where alcohol can be served under the noses of cops during that time in history. Brilliant!A small dining room, however, does mean almost no waiting area, high noise level, and little intimacy. Again, I had known all of this prior thanks to Yelpers who had already complained. But I understood the reasoning for it all and didn't let any of those things affect me.Moving on, the "elixirs" here are pretty good. I tried a few different concoctions from the bar and my favorite was King Mark, a strong but tasty scotch cocktail. For appetizer, I had to try the huge bucket of fries they serve with their original dipping sauces. I nearly finished the bucket without any help at all. For my main course, I had the pork, which was unbelievably tender and juicy. It came with a simple mashed potatoes. To end the night, we shared the sundae and it was an awesome throwback to my childhood.Overall, Pharmacy is a great, unique place that has the qualities that can make for an interesting and yummy dining experience. Check it out and be open minded. :-)
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/4/2013,110,189,1,7,5>I live about 4 houses away from Lake Baldwin and the trail surrounding it. Something to understand is that the residents of Baldwin Park pay an additional CDD (Community Development District) fee, on top of their taxes, to maintain this area, and the other lakes and parks in Baldwin Park. You might see a sign that says this park is maintained by the CDD. This fee can average from $1000 to $1300 per year, for each home owner, depending on the part of Baldwin Park you live in.Being the open neighborhood BP is, and why I enjoy it, is that anyone can enjoy the trail and its wildlife preserve. I regularly see persons and groups parking along the park, or biking or jogging in, to engage in their activities. I personally use the trail for my training runs, to inline skate, bike or just take a walk to get something to eat at BP village. My dog loves it for the smells, and to roll her body in something stinky.I have to say that since living near this park, I have seem more natural diversity than anywhere I've lived in Florida. There are various turtles, birds, snakes, rabbits and even a family of otters, all living in and around Lake Baldwin Park. There was even an alligator in an adjacent pond (Lake Shea). One thing the park sorely needs though, is more shade trees. For some reason, the trees it does have seem to have a stunted growth issue. I have lived here for about 4 years, and my house's tree has probably grown about 4 times as fast as other similar trees around Lake Baldwin's trail. I'm not sure what's going on there. I can see big huge shade trees bringing more people to the park during the day, especially during hot sunny days.Lake Baldwin Park has Lake Baldwin Trail surrounding it, that connects to the Cady Way Trail on the East by Baldwin Park St, and again to the South by Lake Baldwin Ln. And there is Blue Jacket Park to the West, connected to it as well.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/3/2013,52,67,,7,5>Over the years, I feel like I have become a Chicken and Waffles expert.  After my experience in Atlanta at Gladys Knight's Chicken and Waffles I thought that was the pinnacle of the Chicken and Waffle experience. I was wrong.   Chef Eddie's has trumped what I thought was the best Chicken and Waffles hands down, with superior waffles and chicken.  I have no idea, or guess what is in their chicken batter, but whatever their secret is, it made the absolute most delicious fried chicken I have ever had in my life!  With 10 different waffles to choose from, if you have a bit of a sweet tooth, the Chocolate Chip or Red Velvet waffles are the right choice, and they pair perfectly with the chicken.  While this place might be located in what most locals consider a "bad" part of town, the service, hospitality from the staff is really second to none.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,11/2/2013,206,163,,5,2>I've been looking for a place in Orlando that offers charcoal KBBQ and I found it here! What makes this place a wonderful choice for charcoal KBBQ is that the hoods above the grilling tables work really well, so it's not smoky in there, like I have seen at other places. What I will warn you of is that you WILL smell like a campfire when you leave, but it is SO worth it. A few notes: - When sitting at a grilling table, there's a minumium order of 2 BBQ plates. But seriously, nobody regrest KBBQ leftovers.....ever - Pan Chan (Korean side dishes) have been the same every time I've come. (kimchi, radish kimchi, fish cake, bok choy, anchovies...to name a few) - The Pajan (seafood pancake) is off the chain!!  - The mandu is seriously addictingI take anyone new to Korean food here because they offer traditional choices along with BBQ, which tends to be friendly to the All-American palate :)It's also nice because kids like to sit at the grilling tables. (Just watch their fingers!)I've been very pleased with the service, and if cost is a bit of a concern, cross your fingers that they still offer their check-in offer when you go. I received 50% off my second entree just by checking in on Yelp. (Thanks for the kick back!!)
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/1/2013,170,186,2,7,3>A fellow coworker recommended this restaurant. I am so happy I took his advice. This place is fabulous! I arrived around 7 p.m. to meet a friend for girls night out. I arrived before she did, so I sat at the bar and had a cocktail while I waited. As soon as I sat down I was greeted with a warm, energetic smile, and comforting professionalism. The bartender was very welcoming and seem to like working there. I began with a specialty cocktail from the menu (which shall remain nameless because I was not fond of it). Moments later my friend Kelley arrived. We decided to have a bottle of wine. We were delighted to find that every Tuesday night the entire wine list is half-priced. We were expecting to pay $84 for our pinot noir, it was $42. How delightful. We then let the hostess know that we were ready to be seated at a table. We were seated next to the window in the corner of the restaurant where everything inside and out was in full view. I love to people watch. I am very impressed with the chef/proprietor Kathleen Blake. She periodically sent out samples of certain items that she was considering putting on the menu (menu items are changed on a monthly basis). She only uses products locally grown which not only supports the local economy, but also makes for less of a carbon footprint. KUDOS! Furthermore, I was so happy to see on her menu my favorite oysters in all the world, Blue Point. At the bottom of the menu in small bold italics is the phrase: "we respectfully decline any changes to the menu". I LOVE THIS! As a person in service, I find it quite annoying when people decide to change the menu to their benefit. It is an extremely daunting task to distort the process and flow of the kitchen and quite annoying to those in service. Chefs go to great lengths to adorn our palates, we should respect that. If you are allergic to something (which is understandable) order something else. My friend and I ordered a number of items on the menu from appetizers to entrees neither of which disappointed on any level (i.e. pairings, etc.). The ambiance is very inviting for people from all walks of life. Near the bar there were businessmen, center room there were classy girlfriends, in the far corners were couples in a more romantic setting, and the over all look yielded a trendy, upscale, yet affordable vibe. And the walls are adorned with track lighting and black and white photos from the local farmers stock. Exhilarating. I will recommend this restaurant again and again. It has an excellent concept that I imagine will only get better and better. And yes the service was a job well done, very attentive, and efficient.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/31/2013,320,258,3,4,3>I have been coming to Jazzercise Mills 50 (previously Jazzercise College Park) for over a year now and I can honestly say I absolutely love it and the people I get to work out with. Their new location is in the heart of Mills 50 District and in addition to being very convenient, it is gorgeous! Jazzercise Orlando Mills 50 offers so much to their customers, it's unbelievable. There are currently about 30 different class times - from anywhere in the early morning, to options in the evening,  to even the weekend. They also offer child care at a lot of their classes in case you can't get rid of your kids...I mean, find someone to babysit while you work out :) Their regular Jazzercise classes are an hour (about 40 minutes of cardio, and 20 minutes of strength) long but you can leave whenever works best for your schedule. It's honestly a perfect combination of cardio and strength you could ask for and you will burn so many calories.  The dance routines are not hard to pick up (trust me, I have no rhythm) and they re-use some of the steps/moves so you pick up things quickly. They also offer Personal Touch, better known as PT in my world, where they have a very small group with one instructor and it's weight training/strength routines. Each PT class is either upper body or lower body, but don't worry, you'll get a good core work out too. Finally, the best thing about Jazzercise Orlando Mills 50 (in my opinion) is the people. I honestly feel like they are my extended family. Everyone cares such a great deal about each other and it's not just about sweating together while we dance, we all get to know each other and we even hang out outside of working out. Every single one of their instructors is absolutely amazing. They are very knowledgable about Jazzercise, they are full of energy, and they are some of the nicest people I have met. Love this place and I would definitely recommend it to anyone!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/30/2013,22,73,2,6,4>This might be my favorite restaurant, period.  It's amazing.   The staff is helpful and friendly and likes to joke around.  The food is great.  Their lunch menu is smaller and very easy to pick from, in the form of different combos.  The dinner menu is more open and doesn't come together all one one plate like the lunch.  Both are excellent.  The lunch style gets you in and out quick if you're there on a work lunch break (plus it comes with mango ice cream dessert).They have a plethora of vegetarian options.  The Chana Masala is one of my favorites for that.  The Chicken Saagwala is to die for.  Perhaps my favorite meal of all time.  Also, I have not had better rice than what they serve at Memories Of India.  Great great rice that just completes the dish perfectly. Bottom line..if you enjoy Indian food, come here.  This is one place you won't forget.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/29/2013,359,280,,9,5>Player 1 is the happy arcade land where all great things possible deem to exist.If you haven't checked it out yet and have been waiting around for the next best cheap activity in Orlando then consider this on your must do list. $5 Cover and you can play any game your heart is aching for. Street fighter, Nba live, X-men, Pac man, Karate Champ, karaoke, Dance Off, Mortal Kombat are the few from the massive selection of games here. This price friendly bar/ arcade is hella fun so invite a group of friends in on the action. With all the variety of games it's normal to spend quite some hours on here. Gamers and non gamers unite to indulge on this video game lounge. This is what Orlando has been waiting for, thank you Player 1 for making it happen!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/30/2011,307,459,4,4,5>A few fellow Yelpers and I met up here this evening to try (I think all of us for the first time?) the Colombian hamburgers and to celebrate, if only for a few hours, National Hamburger Month! The previous reviews got me pretty prepared and excited for my trip here, and I definitely did not leave disappointed.Junior/Junior's is located in a small plaza on Kirkman Road and is in a part of town with which I'm not at all familiar, but I can see myself becoming more acquainted with it, in large part because of this place. (Though I probably won't be back in the immediate future; keep reading for further details.)I didn't take too much time to look at the menu and decide upon what I was going to order since the basis of the visit was to try the hamburger. As I'm sure everyone else I was with did, I ordered one and asked for everything on it ... onions, lettuce, tomato, crushed potato chips, mayo, ketchup ... I know I'm leaving stuff out, but perhaps you get the idea by now nonetheless. (Note: I did not have cheese on my burger since I overheard the cashier tell someone that the cheese that goes on them is American cheese ... which I loathe. So, my burger had everything except for that on it.) Upon receiving my burger, I went over to where the toppings are and put on some mustard, some garlic sauce and a pineapple sauce. I think I even tried some dark (BBQ?) sauce, too. Maybe 2-3 minutes after I sat down to eat, my burger was gone. Completely devoured. I even used a plastic spoon to scoop up the remains of the crushed potato chips, and I ate those as well. The burger was great! Definitely worth the trip, and I'm sure you'll feel the same way if you, too, give it a try.Now for the part where I lost my self-restraint: a few other people with whom I'm familiar (the owner of the Treehouse food truck and a few of his friends) stopped by, and some of the others I was already with ordered some more food ... so I couldn't help myself, and I had a 2nd hamburger. Haha. This is why I probably won't be back for a while, since I'm sure that every time I'm here I'll end up eating at least one hamburger, and probably two. (Or perhaps a double burger; I had two single burgers tonight. Singles are $5, doubles $6 and triples $7.) I may need to exercise some self-control and stay away from here for a while, especially if you take into consideration all of the other stuff I've been eating lately. (See my reviews of the chicken & waffles food truck, N.Y. Pizza Wheels, etc.) I will most definitely try to make it back in here someday, but it may be time to slow down a little bit, eating-wise. :(With my 2nd burger, I had a can of Postobon's apple-flavored soda, which is incredible. I probably could've had a few more (it really is THAT delicious), but after eating that 2nd burger, my conscience - and body - said "No." A few other Colombian beverages/soft drinks are available here, but I didn't try anything other than the aforementioned apple-flavored soda. Chris R. and I think a few other people had a passion fruit-flavored juice or beverage, which looked tasty.Overall, I'm giving this establishment 4 stars, though I surely can understand why and how the most avid of its fans would give it the full 5. Maybe even I will someday and when my body says it's okay to return and have a hamburger ... or two.P.S. Hey, look - that's me (with the red shirt on) in that one picture that was added! I think that's my first hamburger that's being obliterated.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,7/29/2011,112,206,,15,5>Came to this place only because the pizza place next door was sweltering hot inside. So glad we did! It was empty when we went in for lunch, my guess is because no one really knows it's open yet.  They serve appetizers, flat bread, and paninis. Tried the Chicken and pepper jack panini (yum), it came with a huge salad all for $9.00. The raspberry walnut dressing for the salad was so sweet, I wanted to pour it on ice cream. They have multiple TVs and a huge bar.  I love the decor, it's very comfortable in there.  They have an offer that if you order 4 items off the menu you get a free bottle of wine. Unfortunately I was on my lunch break so no wine for me. I would definitely go back for lunch and will try hitting this place up to unwind after work.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,7/28/2011,68,102,,12,8>Growing up in Asia, people are obsessed with their pets, hence the tons of pet friendly cafes or more famously known in Japan - a cat cafe where government regulation is more strict makes it hard to become a pet owner allows patrons to play with cats.Anyway, I have been meaning to take my dog to Venezia when I first read about it on bringfido.com. It sounded too good to be true! I get to have my food, a bakery nonetheless, AND have my puppy there!We drove a good 30 minutes to the bakery and had some trouble locating them in the plaza but they were very patient and tried to explain to us in the best way possible. (It's located in the alley between the bedsheets store and the sushi restaurant where the park is). The signs in the plaza were not very clear and did not list many businesses..The restaurant was empty when we went there on Sunday (July 3rd) and that was quite good for us or it may have killed the dining experience if Shay was running off disrupting others. Here's what we ordered: * roast beef wrap - nothing impressive about it. Just the wrap with cheese and meat...no lettuce, no veggies, no dressing...but they did ask if I wanted some mayo on the side. 5/10* chicken pastry - I thought it would be more like a chicken pot pie kind of deal in the center but no, it's just like dried shredded chicken breast with a hint of curry? There could be some alterations to the filling but the actual pastry is simply unbelievable! 4/10* ham and cheese roll - this, ladies and gentlemen, is what you have to order. Once again, the pastry side of it is absolutely wonderful and I can definitely see that this cafe is focused around their bread/bakery aspect and not exactly a lunch joint as they do not actually offer sandwiches like Panera or Einstein's. But seriously, this was so good! 10/10* mango juice - a little bit watered down but still really good and reminds me of home. 8/10Pastries:* coconut cookie - I didn't have this, my boyfriend C did and said it was very nice. 10/10* guava pastry - it was good to the extent that it's hard to find but I've had better. 8/10* apple pastry - heat it up a little and it's amazing like apple pie. 9/10* merengue - a little sweeter than the merengue i'm used to having in Winter Park's French Bakery but still good if there is a cup of coffee to go with it :) 9/10* palmiers/elephant ears - sogoodsogoodsogoodsogood! 10/10The staff was friendly and the decor was nice on top of the restaurant being clean. We had a good dining experience and Shay had a lot of fun being inside a restaurant.We are definitely going to be back and will try out their birthday cakes next time it calls for an occasion!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/26/2011,130,122,4,8,7>I have been going to Bikram Yoga on and off for 3 years, but just started going more frequently as of late. I love it. Here's what to expect:1) You WILL contort your body into ungraceful positions whilst staring at yourself in the mirror.2) You WILL sweat your balls off, as the room is 105 degrees or higher.3) You WILL feel dizzy and feel the need to pass out several times during the 90-minute session.4) You WILL get a fantastic workout.5) You WILL NOT get to listen to music during the class6) You WILL NOT get to drink water for the first 20 minutes of the workout.It's intense, but it's also intensely rewarding. This location is fantastic, with great instructors. No one feels out of place because there are people of all ages, body types and levels of experience. It's the only place I feel truly comfortable "working out" on a regular basis.Try it out on the first Saturday of the month for only $5 (still need to rent a mat) and see what everyone is buzzing about. Namaste.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,7/25/2011,320,258,2,7,5>Went here for the first time last week when my friend told me their food was really good. They were absolutely right. I ordered this "big kid" meal... an awesome spin of a kids menu. Hot dog, fries, a chicken finger, mac n cheese, and a jello shot. Yes, I said a jello shot. That alone makes this place awesome. It's a lot of food, but it was all actually really good. The fries had a fantastic seasoning on it and the hot dog wasn't just a plain ol hot dog... it had some nice flavor. The mac n cheese was creamy and delicious as well.The environment was open and welcoming, the staff helped us immediately and the chef even came out to see how we liked our big kid meals. Drinks poured strong as well! Will definitely hit up Whiskey Dicks again!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,7/24/2011,91,100,5,10,8>I think I have found THE ONE - stylist that is!I have had a mushroom with strings (ahem, moving on), a mullet, a minivan Mom cut, and The Rachel - only 15 years after it was in....all of which were NOT what I was looking for! You should go to my stylist, Joy, at Stella Luca; she fixed a mullet that I was in tears over!Despite my seemingly simple haircut it seems like I have always had bad luck when it comes to stylists. The biggest recurring issue has always been consistency. My hair cut or color would be fabulous one time and then the next three times it would be a disaster. I have had skunk stripes instead of highlights and roots that were three shades lighter than the rest of my hair!I discovered Stella Luca when they did a Groupon for their Brazillian Blow Out straightening service (my hair is fairly curly naturally). The Brazillian Blow Out was great and I have gotten another one since - it makes your hair almost mirror shiny, straight, and so much more manageable. It costs $200 and afterward you have to use special shampoos and conditioners which are sulfate free if you want to make it last longer. The blow out will last for months depending on your lifestyle and whether or not you adhere to the aftercare program.Joy is the owner of Stella Luca and is also a great stylist. She consistently delivers great results and really listens to what you want. There is nothing worse than a stylist who goes off and creates their "masterpiece" without listening to you and what you know works for your hair. (For instance, if you put a razor to my hair I will end up with afro puffs! So not a good look for me!) Joy is great with color too and I have had my color done several times and just had some subtle highlights put in last week. My Mom has gotten her hair cut by Joy twice now and it came out great each time. My best friend (who has very curly hair) has gotten two blow outs from Kristen and they came out beautifully too. As a side note, Joy is somewhat shy, and I think that it can be mistaken as standoffish when you first meet her. Once you get to know her though she is actually a very nice lady with a big heart, who really cares about doing a good job. I am so thankful that I met her and my hair has never looked better!Women's cuts start at $45 and men's cuts start at $25. They also offer hair extensions, waxing services, and other chemical relaxers. Check out their web site for more pricing info: stellaluca.com
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,7/23/2011,398,313,2,6,5>Tuesdays are all you can eat wings night.  So needless to say, you know what I had for dinner....Their wings are plump, tender, and flavorful!  I mixed the sauces Hot and Garlic on a breaded hunk of chicken.  It was delicious!  They are very generous with their garlic (which I love!) and their hot sauce is spicier than most other places (also a plus).  After devouring 12 of those, I tried out a monstrous mix of Garlic, Hot, Teriyaki, and Caribbean sauces.  Very tasty and thick, and I recommend eating this only with breaded wings, if you dare.  And not towards the end when you're about to explode.  I didn't have room after that.  Their wings are also served with fries and your choice of blue cheese or ranch all for $10.95, unlike Gators Dockside, they don't charge for the dressings or fries.  I liked their fries too, even though I know they're only there to fill me up and distract me from my goal of eating 50 wings...Those delicious bastards.  They're crinkle cut and very light and crispy! YUM!It's a very nice change of atmosphere eating here.  It's very welcoming and the owner, Cindy, will make a trip to the table to say hi and welcome you which is nice compared to eating at all the corporate chains out there.  Just to let you all know, they are planning on opening a smoothie bar with fresh made to order sandwiches and wraps...COMING SOON!  They also had 2 for 1 beer and wine for happy hour!  Awesome combo with endless wings!  HELL YES!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,7/22/2011,108,688,2,3,3>I never knew how much I could like a dome-shaped bread called Lavas until I dined al fresco at Bospherous.  I had seen this yeasty wonderment many times as a passerby but not until it was served to me did I really how magnificent it actually is.  We opted for the hummus and the spicy salsa dip to go with our bread and we weren't disappointed.  In fact, we could have ordered a couple more Lavas' and been set for the night!Instead, we all tried something different and were all incredibly impressed.  The food was tasty, hot, and cooked very well.  Some of my companions went for the Chicken Sis Kebabs while some went for the Shrimp.  I opted for the Vegetable Saute with rice and ate just about every single bite.Their wines also got a good report from my friends.  They likened the Red Turkish wine to a Pinot Noir and the white to a Chardonay.  In a few words Bospherous is delicious, welcoming, clean and the service was great.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,7/21/2011,74,56,6,7,9>There's always a debate amongst friends concerning who's purveying the best pizza in Orlando.  Without hesitation, I ALWAYS answer with Midnite Pizza.  So undeniably delicious.  I've been going here for my pizza fix for the last 11 years and they've never disappointed.  Their crust is golden crispy on the outside.  Light, airy, warm and slightly chewy on the inside.  In addition to their perfectly cooked crust, my theory on what distances them from the rest is their cheese.  I'm not sure if they use added butter, or if they're simply generous with quality mozzarella.  No matter what toppings you choose, no matter what type of slice you go with, there's always this slightly sharp, buttery, gooey deliciousness that goes with each bite.  I can't help but get 2 slices each time I visit.  While I'm out gallivanting with friends late into the night at various bars, going to Midnite Pizza is mandatory at the end of the night.  So when I get a text or phone call from friends wanting me to join them Downtown, but I'm not feeling up to it, they always remind me of our Midnite Pizza night cap.  Done deal, let's go!  Although, all of their pies are to die for, one of my personal favorites is the Hawaiian w/ Ricotta.  When you take a bite, the sweet tang of the pineapple bursts into your mouth.  Then when the sweet juice mixes with the creamy, slighty tangy Ricotta and ham set in buttery, gooey cheese?  GAME OVER. That's called a harmonious contrast of flavor folks.  Delicately sweet and lightly savory.  Most times I'll get my 2nd favorite slice along with the Hawaiian.  Spinach, chopped tomato and Ricotta on top of their cheesy goodness.  Just writing about their pizza and looking at the picture of these 2 slices is creating intense cravings!  Argh!For the most part, the crew is always very courteous and efficient.  Unless of course,  you catch them dealing with drunk after obnoxious drunk.  If you visit Midnight Pizza late in the evening, you may be lucky enough to meet their bus woman, Connie.  She's an older woman with a sweet fanny pack filled with an assortment of candies.  She'll come by and make sure you're not missing any utensils, drinks, napkins, parmesan/garlic/basil; then drop a small handful of candies on your table.  Cha-ching!I've only known them to be open for lunch service and then open back up in the evening, around 7-8pm, and late into the night.  Not sure if they're open Monday evenings though.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,7/20/2011,117,97,1,6,4>Roosters has just got even better with a new head chef!! The food tastes magnificent now! I just had scallops with vegetables and rice which was awesome! The scallops were cooked to perfection, which not alot of people are good at doing. And the sauce which had a very clean kick to it was unbelievable it was like fireworks in my mouth! LOVED IT!!!oh i totally reccommend the bread they make in the pizza oven its soooo GOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,11/1/2010,223,368,,7,2>The surpising thing about Ember - this bar/lounge actually has GOOD FOOD.  I've been here numerous times and have always been impressed with my meals.  I'm a big fan of their sliders (grilled chicken, buffalo chicken, salmon or beef) which are served with the most delicious fries!  The flat breads are equally delicious.  Don't even get me started on the empanadas (don't tell my mom... but they are ALMOST as good as hers... almost!).  The food is surprisingly affordable despite the trendy atmosphere of the place.There is nothing better than spending an evening drinking and socializing under their large patio.  They have a large selection of drinks and specials nightly.  It's a great atmosphere to enjoy a lovely Central FL evening!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,10/31/2010,23,286,,7,3>Before I rave about this place, I want to set the record straight.  This is NOT the place in Altamonte Springs.  If you yelp 'Cuban Sandwiches On The Run', the address shows Altomonte Springs, but the photo is of the establishment on 17-92.  I'm not sure if they are/were related.  The one I'm raving about is the one on 17-92 in Casselberry.  The sign on the building is 'Cuban Sandwiches On The Run' (please see photo) and the title on their menu is 'Cubans On The Run', so I can see why confusion is possible.  The service, food, and cost are excellent.  I highly recommend the Roast Pork Sandwich.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,10/30/2010,152,101,4,5,3>I work on this side of town and have driven by this place a few times and have been wanting to try it out but honestly was a little hesitant because of the area it's in....but today I gave it a go!It's in a little strip mall so from the outside it looks unimpressive but as soon as I walked in I saw the owners (?), a little spanish lady and man that looked very happy and were very welcoming.  The inside itself is homey and cute.  Nothing extravagant with those picnic like white and red plaid table clothes.Service was good.  Food seemed like it took a little longer to come out but at these little mom and pop places, it's to be expected.They do bring you these little corn things to munch on while you wait though which was awesome.  I don't know what they were called but they kindof tasted like homemade Cornuts.  My friend had this triple decker sandwich with chicken salad, avacado, and egg salad.  Really good.  I had this spicy mashed potato thing with chicken salad in the middle.  Very flavorful but could have used some tomatoes or something acidic like that to cut through the richness of it (and all the mayo.)  I think Peruvians really like mayonaise.I did not get a chance to try the ceviche because the one I wanted was like $14 and it was a bit out of my budget for a quick lunch.Definately going back and I can't wait to try it.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,10/29/2010,20,150,3,7,5>Mark and Lorna are amazing!! This is a must for a great night out! They are so entertaining. I am always amazed about the vast age groups that come into the Red Fox Lounge (Rollins and UCF students... all the way to octogenarians) and EVERYONE is having a great time! This is a great spot for a birthday celebration. They make the birthday boy/girl feel special and make sure they are having a blast on their day. Tambourines, maracas, balloons, etc. If you have a group, get there early... this place is very small and fills up fast! However, if there are 2-4 people, go anytime, eventually a table will open up. There is a full bar, not a ton of choices, but enough to please everyone in the party. There is no food, so make sure to eat somewhere prior. This is an Orlando gem!!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,10/28/2010,60,246,1,9,6>My husband and I try to go to Claddagh's at least once a month, and love taking our friends when they visit from Miami. It is intimate, dark, and not pretentious. Tucked between a funeral home, and a Dominican Hair Salon...It is a great place to sit around and just talk and people watch. The owners and servers are usually very attentive, although usually there's only two people working at the place at a time, so if the pub is a bit crowded you may have to go directly to the bar to order your drinks and food. Also, the music is usually quite good, usually whoever is working hooks up their laptop to the sound system and you hear an endless play list of anything from the Drop Kick Murphy's to the Smiths. And for you sports fans there's a few TVs, 2 darts boards, a pull down screen for really big games (world cup, super bowl etc.) and a pool table! They pour an awesome pint of Guinness, and always have Magners on draft in case you'd like have a black velvet. However this pub does not serve liquor (just beers, ciders, and wines). As for the food....they have a small menu, but it is great! Their stews and fillings for the meat and cottage pies are made every morning...and I would swear that they bake their rolls or cut some crazy deal with a local bakery to obtain the freshest ones in Orlando (which are served with real butter). My favorite pie is the steak and mushroom! They also have a few sandwiches on the menu, including my husband's favorite "The Dubliner" (Thick cut ham and Cheese I believe, served with chips). And some great starters like the Scotch egg (hard boiled egg with a sausage case baked on to it), and sausage rolls (sausages wrapped in pastry dough) both are served HP sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a roll with butter. Overall, this place is awesome, and worth a try! And on a side-note although I personally have not been able to make it: every other Wednesday there is a group of musicians that meets there for jam sessions of traditional Irish music. Their site is below: home.earthlink.net/~bird…
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,10/27/2010,1600,1219,6,10,7>Love, Love, Love this store!! Every time I hit Epcot, you will find me in this store once I reach Japan. The first time I visited the store I spotted a "Monchichi" right away and HAD to have one. I haven't seen them since I was a child and who knows what happened to the several I had as a child! I love their selection of chopsticks; I have purchased many ranging from cheap to a very nice, expensive set for special occasions. I even had them open an oyster for me here one time and to my surprise there were twin black pearls waiting inside for me. Rare to get twins, even more rare for them to be black. I was thrilled to say the least! Even the employees seemed amazed :) Because I live in wonderful central FL, I always keep my hair up in the summertime. They have an excellent selection of items for women's hair to make an ordinary bun look fabulous! Every time I visit the store, I always come out with a few items for my hair; And, I'm constantly complimented and asked, "Where did you find that?" Bottom line: If you're in Epcot, don't miss the opportunity to shop here!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,10/26/2010,84,171,16,9,6>I-Bar is people watching at its finest.Men in dresses, people in their 30s decked out in full goth makeup as the paint settles into their newly formed wrinkles, costumes galore, balding businessmen on the prowl for some booty, those reliving the youth they left behind in the 80s: they're all here and they're on the dance floor. If you head upstairs, you can gawk from above.The smoke patio outside is an amazing place to watch women in 6-inch heels trip and fall, to get yelled at by a preacher who tells you he will pray for your doomed soul, and watch those who are too inebriated to walk get carried by their friends. It's also a great place to watch the cops who block off Orange Avenue scarf down excessive amounts of takeout. Drinks can be a bit on the weak side, but stick with beer and you should be able to achieve a decent buzz for around $20. 80s alternative music provides an appropriate backdrop to this freak show, and it's a laid-back, happy place to be on a warm evening.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,10/25/2010,141,222,4,5,6>What a wonderful experience. I had to bring in two of my cats, one male with a UTI and a female for a spay (but the female is blind and requires extra care).My cats took to the staff like they were family. The doctors are very knowledgeable, friendly and explain every little detail of your pet's illness and every single procedure before they begin. The prices are very fair and they are very attentive to your pet's needs. I didn't even need an appointment. I called in an emergency and they said "come on in" and we were seen immediately. If you live in the area and need a good reliable vet, look no further. These guys have it all worked out and seem to genuinely care about your pet, not just your wallet.5 star service all the way!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2010,10/24/2010,80,84,,6,3>This is a cool gay neighborhood dive bar. Its a small location and almost a hard to spot to find at night. Dollar Martini's on Monday is the way to go. Bartenders are friendly and the crowd its mixed so it isn't too ghetto, or full of too many old men/women. They have pool tables and an outside area as well. Parking kind of sucks, but you can always park on the street since its in downtown. No parking fee either. If you're looking for a chill place to go to, come here. If you're looking for a real club to dance and party, this probably isn't the best choice.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,10/23/2010,181,355,,14,5>Seito Sushi is the jam!I've been to the Winter park location, and was somewhat impressed. Today we went to the Baldwin Park location, and I was pleasantly surprised... it is simply gorgeous. It's a feast for the eyes I tell you! Like a fine hotel dining room. Everything I tasted was a knockout. I chose the Bento Box with Hot 'n Spicy Pork. It came a generous portion of pork and sauteed onions, rice, 3 fried dumplings, Miso soup, Ginger Salad, and a 1/2 order of California roll. Plenty of food for around $9! I also tried the Korean short ribs, Coconut shrimp, Bonzai roll, and Edamame. So good all the way around...The seating is well thought out. There are different sections, which creates dimension and ambience. Plenty of outdoor seating too, in view of the lake. Ultra-lounge music plays over the sound system. Service was very attentive. Seito is now tied with Amura for my favorite Japanese restaurant in town.Highly recommended!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,3/15/2011,308,67,4,5,3>Wish the delivery was faster, but it's a cool spot & they use the best Cheese on their pie's!!!! HELLO!!!!! eat here!!!Yes!they honor all of their specials on deliveries also - and here's a little tip for anyone who hasn't been- if you order 2 slices of Pizza they give you a free beer!!! WHHHHAAAAAAAAAAT?!YES!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,3/14/2011,178,174,4,5,4>This is a great late-night food spot to visit after you've had you're fill of fun downtown.  The prices are good for the quality and amount of food you get.  I loved my cheese enchilada and my friend mentioned several times that she was in lust with her nachos.  Bonus points for the free chips and salsa.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/13/2011,469,289,6,4,5>Redlight Redlight does it right.A charming dive of an establishment with a serious beer menu, this place is everything you want it to be.The Beer Selection is all about American craft beers and Belgian beers. Some highlights for me include Rogue John John Hazelnut Ale. I've toured the Rouge Brewery in Oregon and this brought me back. It's the team effort of the Rouge Beer Brewmeister John and The Spirits master John that makes this come to life. The beer is actually aged in the hazelnut rum caskets. Delicious efforts that pay off big.Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale and Gordon - so good you can't believe it comes out of a can. They also have a nice variety of Lagunitas, I had the Maxiumus IPA.While you're standing or sitting around drinking your beer you can survey the landscape, It's a small place with a somewhat large patio with picnic tables. Outside you almost feel like you are drinking on a friends porch. There are planters and a wooden fence keeping us safely contained. With the Roxy across the street and nothing else going on outside I feel strangely comfortable. This feeling also might be lifted by the patrons as well. It's an accepting crowd bound together by the love of beer and sharing favorite stories. No pretension, no worries or cares. Just people with good taste in beer. This doesn't mean the patrons here are boring, on this night I met up with The Beard of Directors, a local chapter of bearded and mustached men getting together over a few beers and discussing their passion for the art of facial hair.I ran into a few Fullsail Alumni's and was impressed by some of the tattoo art of the evening. I just couldn't stop smiling, it was such a good time.There is only one question left to answer, and that is just exactly how much of a dive bar is this? When I think dive bar I think about holes in the walls, maybe a little vomit here and there, a toilet you wouldn't want to take your chances with, a rough crowd yet every bit as fun with your average past out drunks at the bar. This place isn't Mars Bar NYC, it's not the diviest, it's rather clean. The women's bathroom was a prime example of this. You enter the door and there is a little powder room with sink and seats. The furniture is somewhere between art deco and Alice and wonderland, the one toilet stall was clean and even smelled decent. The only thing that scared me was the huge black phallic shaped plunger in the corner. It's extra ordinarily huge. So while the place is a bit of a dive, it's clean, comfortable, serves good beer to good patrons and is a well respected local spot
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,3/12/2011,38,58,7,9,8>After casually browsing a selection of recent reviews, I see everyone focusing on the beverages available here. Now, don't get me wrong, they do brew a mighty fine mug of whatever, but c'mon - this place is way more than just delicious drinks, people. Their wraps and paninis are pretty damn excellent, all toasty and unique, but what you really need to try are the soups.Soup. Why has nobody highlighted how awesome the soup is here? I mean, I don't consider myself much of a soup person, but holy crap, these things are like getting served a bowl of liquid incredible. I've tried almost half a dozen of these soups already and every one of them is a tongue festival.My personal favorite so far has been the cream of mushroom, but saying that there's one single soup you need to try is like saying there's only one country you should ever visit on your vacation. You need their soup in your life, folks. Grab a spoon and start living in a world of goodness, one bowl at a time.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,3/11/2011,100,218,11,4,4>I have a confession to make. As a vegetarian for nearly 30 years, it pains me to admit that Four Rivers Smokehouse gave me thoughts impure. The aromas, the sights, the experience of getting dinner for my family at Four Rivers made me feel as if I had ventured into a house of ill repute. I did not belong there but everything about it seemed just so right at the moment! I did not stray, but my sons both told me that I brought home the best meal that they have had from a restaurant in a long, long time and even my wife admitted that she was tempted to stray from her mission of avoiding fattening foods! Son #1 ordered a pulled pork sandwich--a generous mound of tender shredded pig, accented with just the right amount of sauce. Served on a bun, it was a thing of beauty even to my herbivorous eyes. He proclaimed it wondrous, as did several of his friends who showed up just as he was beginning to eat it. Served with two sides, he ordered mac n' cheese and cheese grits, both of which were eaten and thoroughly enjoyed. Son #2 ordered a smoked half chicken with mac n' cheese and fries (because in his mind fries need to be ordered with every meal, everywhere). The smoked half chicken was a generous half chicken and I can only assume that whoever got the other half must have received the smaller "half"! Tender, succulent and full of flavor, the chicken was more than enough to feed him for two meals. The fries were offered in a wonderfully large portion as well, which allowed me to sample a few. They were excellent! (And they were cooked in canola oil so I was actually able to sample them!) Four Rivers Smokehouse offers an eclectic selection of bottled and canned sodas that added greatly to the ambiance. Four Rivers is also admittedly small and people who do not call ahead with their order should assume a 45 minute or longer wait at peak times. Was the wait worth it? Yes, I think so. Will I call ahead next time? Most definitely. Will there be a next time? Yes, very soon! Will I join in the carnivorous feast? Probably not, but I know that I will think about it!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,3/10/2011,192,199,2,6,6>The hubs and I decided to go here for brunch today so we could use one of our restaurant.com coupons. Didn't really know what to expect, as we decided we would not read any reviews until after we ordered. To be honest, when we walked in, I was not impressed with the drab decor. But we were shown through the main dining room to this indoor patio seating area that mimics being in a quaint outside bistro. Nice! Not sure if the experience would be as nice sitting inside. All I know is when we go back, I will definitely ask to be seated in this adorable dining area. To start, I ordered the hibiscus (cranberry and champagne) and my hubby ordered the bloody mary. Both were superb. Then it came time to order. I was so impressed with the flexibility they offered for the dishes. I wanted crab benedict but wasn't completely sold on it. Then, the waitress (Maggie) assured me that I had some options. I could order the dish with everything served on its own and my eggs could be cooked to my liking. So even though I was ordering the crab benedict, I could basically be ordering two crab cakes, two eggs, a side, and some hollandaise sauce on the side. So I asked if I could have one of the crab benedict served normal and the other one could be separate. And that's what I did. My hubby ordered one of the specials, a 3-egg omelette crab florentine. It didn't take long for the food to arrive and it looked and tasted marvelous. The entire brunch was fabulous. Our waitress was very attentive and so nice. My husband was really into the special salt, pepper, and other spice blends they had on the table, so Maggie suggested we head across the street to the Tea and Spice Exchange for some special spice blends. And we did! Thanks Maggie!I think this might become our new Sunday brunch tradition. Other folks had some opinions about the price, but the brunch menu was very reasonable. My dish was 13 and my husband's was 10. Seems fair to me. They don't have drink specials, so be prepared to drop about 6 bucks a drink. Otherwise, I think it's a good deal.We'll be back for sure.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2011,3/9/2011,103,190,5,5,3>Good place to bike to on a lazy weekend and grab a drink. The outside area is really nice but the inside looked a little scary..Good prices, good service, and such a cute location.Oh, and apparently everyone in there is a Miami Dolphins fan.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,3/8/2011,209,208,5,4,3>Definitely a place to go if you're in the mood to feel like you're back in college!  Really fun atmosphere, but not a place to have a drink and chat it up.  Can get pretty crowded so if you've got a friend that can hardly stand up, take her somewhere else!  All-in-all very chill place, wonderful to go have a few drinks, meet people, and have a good night.NOTE:  There is a high percentage of 'dudebros' at this place, but they tend to keep to themselves.. haha.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,3/7/2011,210,167,2,5,6>I have only tried this place once. The beer is list is extensive and the service is superb. However, I did not like the crab flatbread at all. My friend tried the house salad and loved it.Props to the server for realizing I had did care for the crab dish and offering free desert. Good service is so hard to find in Orlando.I plan to go back and try something different
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,3/6/2011,59,148,3,3,2>We ate here last night, a Saturday around 7 p.m.  There were 14 of us for a birthday celebration.  The staff was very friendly including our smart-ass waiter.  He was sarcasm personified but a lot of fun.  My water glass was always full and they didn't laugh at me (at least not to my face) when I asked for a knife and fork to eat my sushi (my Chinese ancestors are rolling in their graves). I ordered a couple of specialty rolls: Karage Chicken - Fried marinated chicken thigh, cream cheese, avocado, cucumber & scallions. Finished with eel sauce.Black 'n Bleu - Rib Eye, spinach, sautéed red onion, bleu cheese & jalapenos. 13 Finished with honey wasabi mayo. Seaweed on outside.Both were delicious and the knife and fork were needed for the Black 'n Bleu roll because it was too big to put the whole slice in my mouth...next time though, I'm getting the Black 'n Bleu roll without the jalapenos.  A friend ordered the Wakame Salad and I tried a bite and I'm definitely ordering this next time!  Shredded Wakame Seaweed with sesame oil and white and black sesames.  Another friend ordered the Miso Soup which they enjoyed and I'm going to order next time as well.  All in all a fun time, good food and really nice atmosphere.  After 10pm a DJ was spinning music in the Geisha Lounge.  I will be back!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,3/5/2011,7,64,2,7,5>This place is back open, reincarnated as a Bar/Lounge.  It's got good beers (i.e. Dale's Pale, etc.), and is nice and chill.  One of the few downtown spots with a soul.  See you there.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/4/2011,23,33,,4,3>What a great little place to hang out on a weekend. There is a bar, volleyball area, tons of seating, picnic tables, an area that sells burgers and hot dogs, as well as cabanas you can rent. We went here because it is one of the few places on Wekiva river that you can rent a canoe and have your dog with you. ( If you have a hyper dog I do not suggest putting him in a canoe unless you want to tip over). Prices for the rental were pretty steep but the $2 coronas were a pretty good price. My only complaint is that they say your dog has to be on a leash but there were about 15 dogs there and none were. It started looking like a dog park at the end of the day which wasn't a good thing since no one was paying attention to there pets. I would have liked to see a little more control with that many people there. We will definitely be back over summer to hang out and soak in the sun.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,3/3/2011,119,305,2,12,2>Oh Winter Park Farmer's Market...how I love you! If you live in the Orlando area somewhere, this is worth a trip at least once. They have pretty much everything you can imagine: locally grown veggies (although watch this and ask questions because some of it isn't actually local), fresh baked bread and desserts, fresh-squeezed lemonade, plants, arts and crafts, jewelry, pasta, popcorn...you name it. Indoors they sell cheese, bagels, pastries, and coffees as well. Tips before I give my recommendations for stands: BRING CASH and GO EARLY (or earlier) in the day. Some of the stands take cards, but some do not. If you forget, however, there is an ATM across the street at the Wachovia. The parking can be a hassle, but I have never ever paid to park in the garage. I've always found something. Find free parking and walk a little bit. It's good for you.My favorites at the Farmer's Market:1. Strawberry Lemonade- Buy some from the little lemonade stand. The strawberry puree and the lemonade is FRESH. You can get lemonade, strawberry lemonade, ice tea, an Arnold Palmer (ice tea/lemonade mixed), and some water if you're interested. It's delicious! I always find myself wanting more when I buy the small cup...but the extra large cup is huge! Share with a friend and get a big one!2. Bagel sandwiches- Indoors there is a stand (you'll see the line!) that sells bagels, quiches, some pastries, etc. Davis Bakery puts it on, and it is excellent! I recommend grabbing a bagel (toasted if you like!) and putting on some of your favorite shmear and possibly some veggies. They have sliced tomatoes, onion, capers,  cucumbers, lettuce, etc. Then they put it together, slice it in half, and wrap it up for you as a sandwich! You can walk around the market and have a delicious meal. It's fabulous! I believe there's even a meat option as well in some cases (turkey or something). 3. Pasta- Find the pasta stand and buy some. Take a good look around you to make sure you don't get skipped in line (happens all the time). They are always so busy that they sometimes forget who came first. They have a large selection of flavored pastas here that are a real treat. You can even mix some to spice things up! Tomato basil, toasted onion, porcini mushroom...the pastabilities are endless. :)4. The pesto lady- AWESOME. Sample some and take it home. I am only cooking for two, so one of her small containers lasted me about 3 meals! 5. The chocolate lady- OMG. Just, OMG. She makes her own and it's frickin' delicious. I've had the turtle one (lord help me) and the coconut one, and they were both PHENOMENAL. There are so many great stands here. Try them out, even if you are just interested in the free samples! Bring your family, bring the dog (they are welcome except for the indoor area!), and enjoy a fabulous morning in Winter Park!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/2/2011,307,459,3,13,9>Just got back (seriously, like 2 minutes ago) from my first visit to the Sandwich Bar and wanted to review it while the experience was still 100% fresh in my mind. As Mike L. said, this is an instant favorite and fits in perfectly in the strip of businesses (The Milk Bar, Covert Skate Shop, Etoile Boutique) adjacent to it. I met only one employee, Matt, who was very personable and polite.There should be something here for just about everyone. The sandwiches are in 3 different categories: vegan, broiled herbivore and broiled carnivore. There also are a few appetizers from which to choose, as well as maybe 3 or 4 salads. I opted for the Big Hass (a vegan sandwich; $6), which consists of avocado, tomato, mixed greens, sweet peppers, red onions, cucumber and jalapeño-flavored hummus on your choice of bread (Matt asked if I wanted Italian or wheat; I chose wheat). As Mike L. also pointed out, the bread is great and, to me, the best part of the sandwich. Mine was lightly toasted and crunchy, which I wasn't expecting ... but of course welcomed. Instead of fries/"standard" potato chips, my sandwich was accompanied by Sun Chips, another pleasant & welcomed surprise. (Though maybe it's only the vegan sandwiches that are served with Sun Chips; as you can see in the pictures on here, regular potato chips also are available.) You have a choice of a few different sodas and beers here, too. I had a Sea Dog Blueberry Ale ($3.50), which went well with my sandwich. (FYI: Not sure if this is the case with all the sandwiches, but the one I had was about 6". Just wanted to note that I'm not sure anyone should expect a footlong sandwich, like what you can get at Publix, Subway, etc.) Matt had a wine cork behind the counter, so perhaps at least a few different wines also are available.A few of the broiled herbivore sandwiches sounded really good, so I'm sure I'll be making at least a few more visits in the near future. Among the broiled carnivore sandwiches were maybe 2 different types of Reubens, a turkey sandwich and a sandwich with salmon. From what I remember, most of the sandwiches, regardless of category, were in the $6-$7 range. A vegan guacamole appetizer, which I may be trying next time, also is $6.As far as I can tell, the Sandwich Bar opened on Tuesday, 1/25/11 ... so it's still a work in progress, though things appear to be coming along quickly, and word is definitely getting around. There were maybe 5 or 6 other people in there today as I ate. Debit/credit cards are accepted. As I mentioned, this really fits in well with the other businesses in the same strip - you could really have a nice Saturday/Sunday by riding your bike/walking over here (if you live close enough), grabbing a sandwich, shopping at Etoile and then having a drink at The Milk Bar. Maybe I'll even try doing that myself.Look up the Sandwich Bar on Facebook for more details/updates. (As far as I know, it doesn't have its own website ... yet.) It took me a few minutes to find a parking space, though ultimately I decided to just park in the private lot behind the establishment. Hopefully this was okay ...Highly recommended!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,3/1/2011,171,134,3,6,3>I came back and along wih some snacks, tried another beverage - "Peculiar Yule," a Norwegian glog-style beer. We decided that while tasty in it own way, and not super high abv, it will still somehow put some hair on your chest. It's worth a try for the brave and curious :) The food and company were good again, as always.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,2/28/2011,50,156,1,4,3>I love outdoor, low key spots, and this definitely fits the bill.  While I can't comment on the food, I can say they have a great special on Fridays - $10 all you can drink wine and beer.  I know it starts at 6, but not sure of when it ends.The scenery is great, you're instantly calmed by the beautiful backdrop of Lake Eola and people watching is top notch around these parts. Dogs are welcome, which is always a plus in my book and the staff is pretty friendly and fast.Be warned though - no actual bathroom here. You have to use the Lake Eola community bathroom, which, well ,it just is what it is. Bring some purel and you won't have any problems.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/27/2011,130,122,7,7,7>I just died and went to vintage heaven! Here's what I remember... my face hurt from smiling so much! Yes! It's entirely possible to smile ridiculously for ridiculous amounts of time at the sheer ridiculousness (aka: awesomeness) of this place.The lounge act, Mark & Lorna, make you feel as if you are in Vegas. Actually, think more Reno than Las Vegas. Regardless, they are all class, all the way. With a solid 1970's vibe, this place was like getting out a time machine, somehow miraculously hitting the absolute sweet spot of that decade! I walked in and felt like I hit the retro jackpot.The Red Fox Lounge has super cheap drinks, and with Mark & Lorna singing a medley of classic tunes (you will know the words to at least a couple of their songs), good times are sure to be had. Think of a bunch of drunkards screaming in unison to Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline."The best part? The clientele is a crazy mix of deep-pocket-big-haired-elderly socialites to Rollins college students to curious lunatics like me. Boy am I glad I came here! Wonderful (but small) venue with amazing service and super friendly patrons. A step back in time? Yes! A waste of time? No!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,2/26/2011,426,190,2,7,6>After eating lunch here with the one and only Ricky Ly of Tasty Chomps, I am def. coming back for more Indian food. I never had Indian food before so I was a little hesitant but after trying the dishes, my mind quickly changed. I really love the bold flavors and the spices they use at Anmol. (Get the medium spice, the hot will burn your tongue) Good service, great food, low prices...couldn't get any better than this.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/25/2011,1408,1403,,3,3>I agree with the previous reviewers, this is some great chili. Run by folks with a passion for serving great food. Such a nice alternative to the fast food chain.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,2/24/2011,6,33,7,15,6>Overall: Extremely excited on my first visit and already looking to go back again. The market is truly authentic and the three guys running it are passionate that it be as true to Italian as possible. Everything is either from Italy or handmade by them using real Italian recipes.- They bring in real prosciutto and other delicious meats.- A variety of cheeses from real ricotta to a very nice Asiago.- Handmade pasta that is freshly made- A full deli with paninis, soups, and more. - A great deal more in terms of selection and items that are the real deal. Highs: Quality & Price. I bought a half-pound of prosciutto that is the best I've eaten vs. selections at Fresh Market or Whole Foods. And they are priced to be very affordable.Lows: NoneAsk for Guissepe when you go in. He will give you a tour and tell you how to get in the loop on wine tastings and Italian food ideas that they will be hosting. Plus he's really cool to talk to and his passion for Italy is great to see.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,3/27/2011,84,130,2,6,5>If I could give 6 stars I would.  This is the BEST place I have reviewed so far.  Everything was a 5.  The Wait staff, the food, the ambiance.  When we walked in, we realized that we were woefully under dressed.  We were going to leave when the manager insisted that we come in and that we were dressed just fine.  The waiter suggested wine for us and let us split a meal.  We got the salmon pasta and I think it was the best thing I ever put in my mouth.  It was THAT good.  We also had the pear endive salad and that was good as well.  Even though we split the meal we both had to bring food home.  We did get dessert and a waiter who heard us discussing options stopped to give his opinions.  I tried the Chocolate amazingness of the Valintino, and my friend got the berry and whipped cream treat.  We were both in love with our choices.  Every single person in the restaurant was extremely nice, said hello and goodbye.  I called my fiancee on the way home to gush about how great this place was. I can't WAIT to go back!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/25/2011,222,330,5,17,9>I bought $42 worth of meat and got SO much bang for my buck:2 - 8 oz Bacon wrapped steaks2 - racks of baby back ribs2 - lbs of ground round1.5 lbs of wings2lbs of chicken breast and tendersA $4.99 smoked chicken (the meat just fell off the bone!)Then I headed to the produce and purchased $23 worth of yummy fruits and veggies:2 packets of strawberriesBananasgreen bananasonions2 bags of potatosasparagusgrapesUm, yeah, this is like my favorite place to shop for food.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,3/24/2011,141,222,5,6,5>This place has some of the freshest most beautiful tomatoes in town. For roughly 1.29 lb, depending on the time of year.To me there's nothing better that a nice thick sliced tomato with a little salt and pepper, and if you're into simple pleasures like that than this is definitely the place to get it. They also carry a good selection of fresh herbs, fruits and other lovelies as well as dried fruits and healthy snacks and beans.Their fish is so fresh that it almost makes you feel bad when preparing it. Like it's staring at you, wondering why you're stuffing its belly full of lemons and dill. Try not to look them in the eye, for real. Cover their faces with a kitchen towel. (now that's fresh)They also carry the local honey from the Goldenrod apiaries. YUM.I love shopping at these little places. I feel less like I'm supporting major empires like Wal Mart and more like I'm keeping mom and pop afloat. It's a good feeling.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,3/23/2011,19,45,3,4,4>I dig this place, as it's somewhat closer than my usual go-to Mexican joint and it just oozes class like some sort of swank class-oozing slug monster.First: decor. It's awesome. It's like an ironsmith and a jeweler who fancied blue way too much got together, made babies and those babies exploded and they just hung the bejeweled metal remains up on the walls. To reiterate: awesome.The food is great -- delicious white queso and equally well done steak. I had the skirt, and it wasn't too tough -- it's skirt, after all, you should know what you're getting into -- and had a delicious crispy sear on the outside.The rice is fluffy and flavorful, and the portions are huge. The service is great to the point of being doting. My friend and I had just leaned back after stuffing ourselves and could eat no more. The waiter thought, due to how comparatively little we ate, that we didn't like the food and immediately offered to fix it for us. That was pretty nice, but we were very happy with what we had and got it to go.Overall, I'll be visiting this place again, and hopefully be adding it to my rotation of "OMG NOM MEXICAN" places.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,3/22/2011,108,427,2,3,3>I have now been to three sit-down restaurants within Disneyworld theme parks. After visiting about 100 times. I come from California originally, and DisneyLAND, and Inside the Disneyland theme park, there is one real "nice" sit down restaurant...The Blue Bayou, and while its a beautiful restaurant, the food is just average, and it is WAY expensive. I presumed that would be the case here, and weve always eaten at home/somewhere else/ or just grabbed a pretzel or kids pbj meal. I was soooo soooo wrong. The food so far has been crazy awesome. We came on Friday 10/01, the first day of the Food & Wine festival, and were planning on just getting some snacks at the booths, but my companion kept getting business phone calls, and we kept walking right on by many of the stands. And while the weather was comfortable, it was about 12:30pm, and the sun was so bright in my face. He said " Why Don't we try to get a table at that French restaurant you and your mom were going to go to" Knowing that our many hour wait would at least be on a shaded patio, I said yes. At this point I figured one of three things could happen.A) Hour + wait, but comfortableB) Booked up...no chance of noms..C) Maybe just maybe people would be so excited about the festival, there would be minimal waitWe arrived to find a moderate wait, stood at the podium, and the girl asked my last name for the reservation ticket. "French" I told her. She though it was highlarious. "You French...a French restaurant" she laughed and laughed. We were immediatly seated at a large table by the window looking at the little rose garden.Though I was torn, we both opeted for the prix fixe. $23.95 each. I also had unsweet tea, which is good, not that Gold Peak brand swill the rest of the places serve. My starter; Lobster Bisque. Probably one of the best I had ever had. A HUGE bowl, filled with a mild creamy broth, and at least 1/4 cup of fresh meat on top. I cubed my bread up into little pieces into it.Anthony had the Onion Soup; which he loved. It was VERY cheesy, which I would have hated, but most people adore. He said it was very flavorful and rich. The baguettes are very fresh.For Lunch, he had the grilled ham and cheese. Anthony rarely eats meat, and even rarer will eat pork of any kind. He loved the sandwich, he said it was very fresh, and the bread was excellent. It came with a salad with balsamic, and a roasted tomato. He said the tomato tasted like a tomato, not water. I had the quiche and salad, and it was SOOO good. The quiche was perfect. Buttery and smoky and cheesy, without being TOO cheesy (because I mostly hate cheese) and none of that eggy weirdness that you so often find. I had the same balsamic salad, but mine had grape tomatos, rather than the large roasted tomato.For dessert Anthony had the profiteroles, which were excellen and a HUGE portion, easily sharable. He had asked for no chocolate, and they offered him caramel instead, which he gladly accepted. Keep in mind that while there are no substitutions to the Prix Fixe, they are happy to make minor changes such as that to accomadate taste preferances, allergies etc.I had the Creme Brulee, which again was HUGE. And so so so good. Perfectly charred on top, perfectly cool and creamy inside. The service throughout was GREAT. In fact, Paulette (Pauline?) went above and beyond when a wayward bee made his was onto our table. She not only removed him quickly, but she saved him, and put him back on a flower outside. She was incredibly sweet,and tended to our every need. My drink was always filled and extra bread was forthcoming.After AP premium discount, the bill was under $40. An incredible value when you consider the size and quality of the meal, and the beautiful surroundings, not only of the restaurant itself, but the entire park. I absolutely will return.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,3/21/2011,238,467,4,4,4>Wow, talk about a great restaurant!  After having one of the worst experiences ever at a restaurant next door, we came to Juliana's and had one of the absolute best!Our server was a real delight, he was funny and charming and he gave us some history about the place and filled us in on specials not on the menu.  This ended up being a very good thing, as my friend ended up with a fabulous meal made out of mushroom stuffed ravioli that hopefully will find it's way on the menu as a regular item!I had braised lamb shank over a saffron spinach risotto topped with a mushroom sauce.  OMG... it was beyond delicious.  The lamb was cooked beautifully, literally falling off the bone and so tender.  The risotto was a little salty for me, but I'm a wuss about salt.  Still though, it was just fantastic.The real star of the show?  Dessert.  Coconut Cake.   THIS IS THE BEST CAKE IN ORLANDO!   Better than the dessert lady, yes.  Seriously.  Try it, and see if I'm lying.  It was nothing short of magical.  (Not to over sell it or anything...)  It took me far too long to try this place out, and now that I have, I will certainly return!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,3/20/2011,66,231,2,5,5>I recently stopped by Graffiti Junktion for a burger.  First, let me say that the wagyu burger was incredible and the zucchini fries were a nice change from the everyday french fries.The staff was very welcoming and the food arrived piping hot.  The decor has a counter culture vibe to it and atmosphere is very laid back. You will find a wind variety of people in there.  During my visit there were a couple of detectives, some businessmen wearing suits, and some that fit more of the counter culture look.All in all, a great experience.  I would highly recommend if you are into eating great burgers and just kicking back.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,3/19/2011,372,220,8,11,7>Do keep in mind this place neither has much to do with Boston nor is it a bakery in the traditional sense of the term. They sell Banh Mi! Those lovely Vietnamese sub sandwiches filled with carrots and daikon, cucumbers, veggies, and deli meats or meat balls or pate all for $3.00! What makes the banh mi at Boston bakery good is their home made bread that they use, fresh and tasty and crunchy.But do not expect much else from this place as it is a hole in the wall.Do not expect1 . Good Service or any type of Service (you may have to holler for attention )2. Pay by any other means of card (they only accept cash)3. A place to sit (theres only two tables, when i went i shared a table with a stranger) so make sure you get your sandwiches to go. It's a street food item any wayThey also sell various Vietnamese desserts and goodies like patechaud pastries.All of these items including the banh mi are susceptible to running out at times ....for photos of banh mi from boston bakerytastychomps.blogspot.com…
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,3/18/2011,52,143,,3,4>Best, casual dining experience I have had in a while. Tamboras has recently become mine and my girlfriends favorite restaurant in the Winter Garden area. We have been twice so far. The second time of which was last night when we planned on eating there before going to the West Orange theater across the street. We found the meal so enjoyable we decided to take our time and skip the movie. It is described as a Latin inspired cuisine, which I find is perfectly fitting. The dishes are inspired by Mexican, Brazilian, and Mediterranean culture. The atmosphere is very calm with dim lighting and soft instrumental music (primarily Spanish guitar and drum rhythms as the name would imply.) The restaurant has the quality to be a fully formal dining experience however you will find most of the customers casually dressed, and having a good time. It is pretty limited on space, however we have never seen it over crowded. There is a full open bar you can sit at or order from the dining area as you wish. Now on to my favorite part, the grub. I have tried the skirt steak, and the Mahi. While my lady ordered the Portobello bisc, and the stuffed sweet plantains. All of these were very satisfying and surprisingly tasty. My favorite, though it was a smaller dish was the stuffed sweet plantains. It is a mix of chicken, mozzarella, vegetables, and of course sweet plantains. It created the perfect blend of cheesy, and sweet. The Portobello bisc was very delicious and warm. The skirt steak was cooked to perfection and had a sweet taste to it. It was very tender and moist throughout. The Mahi was not as good as the other dishes, however I'm not a big fan of Mahi in the first place. I would be interested to see how their salmon turns out. The salad I had came with a house vinaigrette and was an excellent addition to the meal. The menu offers a wide variety of diverse dishes, complete with excellent desserts, and lunch specials. The staff here is amazing. When we asked about the music playing our server (Danielle I believe) actually looked up the last few songs played and gave us the names and artists, of course on top of providing excellent service. The price for two people came to $33 for a two full meals including appetizers. So in conclusion Tamboras is among the best places to have a relaxing, Delicious, and fairly inexpensive diner or lunch. I would recommend not only those local to Winter Garden, but also to those willing to make a drive. On the negative, I'm not there right now.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,3/17/2011,333,174,2,7,7>Crane's Roost is probably one of the most underrated spots in Altamonte Springs.  Being a native, I've had many memories visiting Crane's Roost.  Due to the lighting and the music playing, it's a great place to walk around with your significant other.  Also, since it's a complete mile around the lake it's a great way to run laps without thinking about how far you need to run.   Oh and I can't forget the various events held here during the year (July 4th, beer/wine fest, Halloween)To be honest, this is probably one of the best "lover's lane" areas in Altamonte Springs.  If you haven't ventured out this way yet, you're really missing out.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,2/10/2010,108,688,,7,4>Though the American Brownie Co. doesn't have a physical store front, if you look close enough, you'll find their amazing brownies around town.  I stumbled upon their stacked double dark chocolate brownie while shopping at Whole Foods.  It was appropriately placed in the dessert area and it had my name written all over it, even though it was $5.99.  It's a hefty brownie that you could eat over the course of 3 days, so don't let the price deter  you; it's 100% worth the calories and the pocket change.  It's rich, fudgy and fantastic warmed up with ice cream.  And what I love the most is their credo, "As always, our Made From Scratch, Gourmet Brownie and Blondies are Made To Order. Which Ensures You Get The Freshest Product Possible."  And they aren't kidding--you can tell right away that they knock the socks off of Little Debbie.Also, if I were you and you loved brownies, check out their website for all of their flavors and shopping options.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,2/9/2010,19,45,,6,5>I volunteered for the 'Disney Give a Day, Get a Day' program, and painted a house with Hands On Orlando. I used to volunteer a lot, then got out of it as I got older, and was happy to have volunteering put in the forefront of the news with Disney. I knew the volume of people signing up for events, and was pleasantly surprised when I painted a house with Hands On Orlando.The day consisted of painting four houses, with 100 volunteer expected. The HOO coordinator was very organized, arrived early and was very friendly. There was a HOO coordinator for each house, and one who monitored the whole project. They were very clear in their directions, and made a very humid day painting a house in not a great neighbor hood a great experience.Being an annual passholder for Disney, I wasn't worried about the processing time for the receipt of the Disney voucher, and yet it was in my email by Tuesday. Its kind of sad, the coordinator said that the month before, for the same event they had only twenty volunteers, and now all their events are full. While we appreciate all the Disney is doing to help communities, I sure wish more people would volunteer without having to be bribed, and I can't wait til we do it again!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,2/8/2010,23,32,,4,2>Lots of fun to be had here.  I went on a Friday night w/ a large group and we really enjoyed ourselves.  This is by far the best Karaoke place I've been to.  I believe on Friday and Saturday nights they have the live band and back-up singers to accompany the brave singers.  There is a variety of about 50 songs to choose from.  During the week they have the recorded music and about 2,000 songs to choose from.  The host is also pretty good at what he does.The atmosphere is excellent, great venue.  I believe it used to be CityJazz.  Cocktail servers come around bring drinks and appetizers.  Drinks are pricey but it's Universal so it's expected.  I also had the mini burgers which were surprisingly good.  My friend had the fried pickles and didn't like them.  Service was decent, that's the best I can say.Overall a great place to check out w/ friends.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,2/7/2010,239,386,3,4,3>When you think of Baby Shower, Kitty's is not even on the list....My friend is expecting in 9 weeks and since she and her man both are patrons/friends of/working at the bar, it was the natural place to throw the shower.My first thought was, how the hell do you make a BAR into a party venue?  Well, number one: have it during the afternoon BEFORE dinner hours.  :)  Not to mention what a few balloons, streamers and big BABY SHOWER banner can do the spruce the place up!Gathering for a common purpose: to spend quality time with friend about to become mom. It was, to say the least, one of the most fun and interesting baby events I've ever been to!There was a lot of drinking to be done (by everyone but expectant friend) and some of us who don't frequent alcohol in daylight hours. Food to be eaten...what?  Food? My favorite! We had several party sized platters of some regular bar offerings: Mozzarella cheese sticks, mini egg rolls, HOT WINGS, and deli sandwiches. Everything tasted great! Plus you can't have beer without the yummy junk food (sans sandwich)Mozzarella sticks there are delightful! I know it's hard to screw up mozz sticks but these were so cheesy and my cheese kept going, and going, and going.....and going....and.....g....oooo.....i.....n.....g. Yummmmmm!Hot wings there? Fabulous, especially whatever ones we had, super hot?  My lips had a nice light tingly feeling to them that made me smile. They are not stingy with sauce and will even get you extra if you want.Mini egg rolls were ok but I really liked whatever sauce they had for dipping. Not sure exactly what it was but it was a soy/ginger sort of sauce, little thick but not too runny.A sandwich...was a sandwich....which I still ate, not sure exactly if it was ham or turkey? cheese...lettuce and tomato....and onion (i took out that)From the menu, another friend ordered their 'tato skins...which are more like twice baked potatoes. Super smooth potato in the skin covered with cheese, bacon, and add your own sour cream!  It was pure heaven eating the potato.If you are thinking of a mid-day party, maybe you should consider a bar?  Otherwise, this place gets kicking at night so bust out the jeans and bring your Irish ass (i know it's hidden in there somewhere) over to kick back with friends and enjoy beer with possibly one or two toally bad for you but tasty fried goods!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,2/6/2010,100,218,7,12,6>I am a guy. I hope that is clear from my photo (not the cute little dog picture but the rather devilishly handsome portrait) but in case it is not clear, I repeat: I am a guy. My gender is important because for the past several decades, I have scoffed at the notion of a guy going to a salon. Salons were, in my mind, places where women paid too much money to have their hair cut, styled and colored. Apparently, I have been a fool for the past several decades. I went to Salon Salon today because I could not pass up the $20 gift certificate that the salon has been passing out in the Dr. Phillips area. Even with my prejudices, the minimal cost of a haircut after deducting $20 was sufficient incentive to get me to forego the more pedestrian tonsorial parlors on Sand Lake Road. From the moment I walked in the door, the woman at the front retail counter (which offers Aveda products) greeted me by my first name. I had met her more than 3 weeks ago when we were both standing in line at Delish New York Bakery and it was her enthusiasm (and the $20 discount) that made me think I should try Salon Salon. I did not expect her to remember my name after three weeks! Points for Salon Salon from the moment I set foot in the door! Lynley was my stylist. She began by leading me to a tranquil room where she washed my hair. The room was dark and featured a soothing wall fountain. My scalp thoroughly enjoyed the shampoo and massage that went with it and I easily could have fallen into a blissful slumber. After my hair was washed and dried (gently towel dried by Lynley), I went to Lynley's station where she proceeded to give me the best haircut I have ever received. She did exactly what I wanted her to do even though I know that I was not particularly articulate in describing what I wanted. My wife was thrilled with the haircut I received and even my rather critical 16 year old son told me that today is the first day that he has ever seen my hair look good. (Not sure how one responds to a "compliment" like that . . . .) Salon Salon offers excellent hours of operation (some nights until as late as 11, plus a full day on Sunday) and all of the staff members with whom I interacted are wonderful. I observed a professional by collegial environment and, although the cost for a haircut without a gift certificate is more than I might pay at Great Clips or Great Cuts or one of their competitors, the value that I received today far exceeded the cost.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,2/5/2010,16,34,4,3,4>Garlic Knots are great. The food is awesome no matter what you order.I have been going here for about five years tastes the same as the first day I went there. The severs always seem to be little crazy wacky but the food and service make up for that.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,2/4/2010,56,19,1,2,3>I heard of it LONG before I tried it - but I love it!  I'm not sure what it is that appeals to me the most - the fresh-sliced beef or the homemade BBQ sauce - but it is DELISH!  I mix the sweet and hot sauce together on mine - smooth firecrackers!  I haven't tried the pork or chicken options as I am so in love with the beef, but the accompanying spuds (tater tots) are perfect!  Crispy and salted!While the place looks like it should be torn down, with a cartoon moose as its logo, the Beefy King experience should not be underrated.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,2/3/2010,9,2,,6,3>Tucked behind "Restaurant Row" in Dr. Phillips, Chatham's is a secret too well kept from the area visitors directed to the chain venues nearby.  Lucky, perhaps, for the residents who know the personalized service and finely prepared fresh menu selections that are Chatham's signature. From business meetings to family celebrations, relaxed evenings with friends to the perfect dinner for two, Chatham's is unparalleled in the area. Owners Maurice Colindres and Tony Lopez and their impeccably gracious and experienced staff really do welcome guests "as if it were their home."The Seasonal selections on the menu include fresh herbs, vegetables, and fruits from Chef Tony's own organic farm.  Choose from the printed menu items or the daily specials with confidence that your meal will include elegant presentations, beautifully balanced flavors, and the TLC attention to detail that's only possible when created by people who love what they do. You can also expect the perfect wine for every occasion and excellent guidance if you'd like help choosing it.It's a challenge to pick a favorite from the menu-20 years in Orlando, I've tasted every item and many specials without a single disappointment. The simplicity of the rack of lamb au jus showcases it's delicate flavor highlighted with fragrant fresh rosemary; the duck breast with port wine demi -glace and blueberries is rich but never heavy; the grouper filet is sweet with a nutty pecan butter-a real touch of the south; and the Dover sole special when available is a classic!   Vegetarian (4 in our family)? Let your server know, and you'll be delighted with an flavorful selection of the season's best and freshest prepared to your tastes. Can't decide? You'll love the 5-tiered appetizer with a taste of the specials of the evening. In addition to the main dining room, the courtyard patio is ideal for cocktail receptions, and a separate "wine cellar" seats up to 24 for a private party. Attire is informal by most city standards- jacket not required-matching the warm, unpretentious atmosphere...which means you can dress to YOUR  occasion, and know you've found the perfect place as soon as you walk through the door.As much as I love a good secret, it is high time Chatham's receives the broad recognition this rare find in Orlando deserves. So I'm thrilled that Chatham's was selected the BEST Independent Restaurant by the 2009 Silver Spoon Awards!  It's a long-merited honor. Congratulations, Chatham's Place!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,2/2/2010,223,368,,8,4>I love wineries.  I make it a point to find one in every location that I visit.  Lately, I've been visiting a few in the Central Florida area and trying to find some unique and fun wines to add to my collection!  Lakeridge is set in a nice little area of Lake County near Clermont.  They offer free tours about every 20 minutes or so which include nice little informative video and a tasting of about 8 wines or so.Our tour guide was very informed and pretty pleasant.  She knew her stuff.  She made the tasting fun and you can tell that she truly enjoyed her job (What's not to enjoy!).  I really like their "Pink Crescendo" sparkling wine.  I am addicted to champagne, so this stuff was fabulous for me.  We also left with a bottle of their most popular wine, the "Southern Red."  A lot of their wines are made with the Florida Muscadine grape, which has a much "grapier" and strong flavor... so don't expect them to taste like your regular California wines.  While they are different, they are still pretty darn good.All in all, a good experience!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/1/2010,33,41,4,7,6>Great place to spend a Monday night. Mondays feature an all night happy hour with $2 Dos Equis, $2 tacos with chicken, beef, or pork (WAAAAAY better than Cantina's. Seriously, not even close), $2 tequila shots, and a $2 margarita that was OK, if a bit light on the tequila.Mucho Tequila fills a nice niche in the area and differentiates itself enough from Tijuana Flats that it's worth a trip if you want a place to drink a few too many then chow down on some decent food. Chips and salsa are free, which is always welcome when you're having a few beers (or sangrias, margaritas, cocktails). The guacamole was good and chunky. They have a variety of taco styles and toppings to give you plenty of choices. The food is especially good for the price point, with tacos at $2 during happy hour and about $3 afterwards.The wonkiness of the frozen margarita machine seems to be a theme with this place, so hopefully they get that figured out. Still waiting to try one of those.The location is a bit hidden in that doomed corner of Pine and Eola, but I think Mucho Tequila has potential to stick around. They just need to figure out what to do with that dining room that nobody seems to venture into.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2014,10/29/2014,69,43,4,6,6>There are very few bars that I have ever been lucky enough to visit that give me an experience like I have every. single. time. I go to Buster's.  Worth noting in advance: this is a Belgian-only craft beer bar.  You will not be drinking Bud Light here.  Thank goodness.Let me lay the scene: this is an old mechanic's garage that's been hollowed out, filled with a gorgeous bar, and given life.  You'll walk in to gently glowing wood, polished glassware, and a tap lineup that will make you sing.  Out back is a large patio with festive lights.  This bar feels very intimate, and the decor and ambience were clearly chosen carefully.  This is a bar you lose track of time in.  It's glorious.Harry, the owner/barkeep, is a wealth of beer knowledge for someone so young.  I believe he's 25, but will drop knowledge on you like a brewmaster that's been at it for 40 years.  I appreciate the level of nerd Harry brings to understanding his offerings, their taste profiles, and what food to pair them with.  He asked my companion, "What do you usually drink?" And when my friend said he wasn't a beer drinker and preferred whisky and scotch, Harry's face crinkled up in a smile, and he shortly brought back a handle of Kwak, which my friend thoroughly enjoyed.  If you think your lady friend might shy away from these stronger beers, have no fear.  Buster's has a ready supply of Framboise and Peche Lambics for our more tame-palated brethren.  Ain't no shame in that game.One of the most charming parts of Sanford is how much love is shared between the bars and other businesses on this little stretch of downtown.  This is a must-experience part of your Sanford experience.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,10/28/2014,48,286,3,6,6>Have to say this is one of the best meals I've had outside of NYC...  Fun, funky, and oh so delicious.   Not sure why it took me so long to try this place.  Oh yah, my myriad of new food issues... sucks for me, but Tako Cheena was able to accommodate with no problem.This last visit I had the butter chicken burrito, done naked, bowl style.  The super helpful waitress warned me it was large, and it was!  In fact, I'm just finishing it up for lunch today...   The Indian style butter chicken had small pieces of sauteed chicken in a mild curry, folded in with rice and pieces of sweet potato, then topped off with cilantro.   Small Fry had pulled pork tacos with pickled daikon and carrots in corn tortillas.  The girl did not even bat an eye at the veggies on her plate, scarfed them down, and declared them "the most delicious thing ever".  I think my mouth is still hanging open in shock.Ari had a food fest of; a taco, he loved it, an asian dog, double loved it, and then went back for something else...  His parents were also very happy with their meals.  His dad, so much so, wanted to go back for a "snack" the next morning.  :)Since we're in the area so much, this will definitely be in the rotation from now on!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,10/27/2014,82,327,5,9,7>I have had Hanson's bookmarked forever, but being a fairly spontaneous person the password prevented me from going. I was a bit intimidated and just assumed I wouldn't manage to call in time to get in. Last Friday the stars aligned perfectly. I had two downtown events with about an hour and a half to spare between them, and so I called Hanson's early in the day to ask about a shoe repair. I was anxious, and I called a bit early, around two. I got a text back at five with the password. I was really flipping excited to get that password.I had scoured Yelp for directions, so I knew exactly where to go. We entered NV, walked past the bar and up the stairs in the back. At the top of the stairs go to the right and you'll see a little seating area with bookshelves and... the door. I rang the doorbell and was greeted a couple minutes later and we were in! Finally!It was eight o'clock when we arrived and it was pretty empty. I was surprised there were so few people on a Friday night, but they said it picks up later, and sure enough, by the time we were leaving it was a bit more crowded.The ambiance is perfect. Very quiet and dimly lit. The bartenders were great. They told us to go to the bar to order our drinks but they did bring them to our table when they were ready. I would give this a perfect date-night rating. After a bit of time inside we moved to the small outside patio and it was lovely as well. We met some fellow Yelpers while we were there and they mentioned they had called on the way over for the password, so clearly my password anxiety was unfounded. Go figure. I am already looking forward to going back, and next time I won't stress so much about getting in.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,10/26/2014,57,185,2,3,4>This is the best restaurant I've been to in Orlando! Granted, I've only been here for a few months, but it was still amazing. I had the pulled pork platter with corn on the cob and fried plantains. The pulled pork was juicy and went perfectly in the tortilla wrap along with sweet bbq sauce. The corn on the cob was sweet with bits of cheese grated on top of it, and the plantains were just the way I like them. Nice and crispy, still a little sweet and not greasy at all. The layout was nice with a metal/industrial look to it, kind of like chipotle. Staff was friendly too. I'll definitely come back again!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,10/25/2014,36,134,1,6,2>Hands down the best restaurant in Baldwin Park.  As far as the best Sushi in town, I feel like it's neck and neck with Amura but Seito has the edge for being in BP, and I want to support my hood - this place rocks!   The ambiance is great, there are great saki offerings.  Their happy hour is great - truly some of the best martinis I've had in Orlando...on to the food.  Sushi is why I go here but they do have other offerings as well.... There is not one Sushi roll I've had here that I don't like.  I was sad they took off the "Winter Park Village" Roll from the menu - but if you ask, they will make it for you!  My husband and I try to go here at least once every couple of months not only for the amazing food, but to support the local business.  One other thing to add, the music they pipe in is incredible!!  I need to find where they get their music from.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/24/2014,1408,1403,3,8,5>I'm a fan of this cool little place. Tucked away in a residential neighborhood you will find this charming little deli café. They have a wonderful deck outside for seating that is peaceful and relaxing. They will welcome your dog as well, as long as it is well behaved. You go inside to order from the menu of salads, wraps and deli sandwiches. The food is freshly prepared to your order and delivered to the table. They also serve beer, wine and breakfast. The place has a laid back charm that is undeniable and reminds me of the Keys or somewhere removed from the busy Downtown area. You can walk to the lakefront park nearby around the corner while visiting as well.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/23/2014,110,189,3,8,5>Chi Pan serves a variety of foods, from Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai and Turkish (is Turkey in Asia?). I tend to order their Turkish dishes, especially their appetizers. I will eat a couple appetizers as my main meal. For lunch, the appetizers are served as main courses, with a delicious lentil soup, and brown or white rice on the side. I haven't had their main Turkish courses, because for some reason I stick to mostly the vegetarian appetizer options.For years I haven't really ordered their Chinese food, because I tend to stay away from overly fried foods. On my last visit I ordered their Sesame Chicken Lunch. It was all dark meat (white is $1 more), and it was very tender. I also ordered the pork fried rice, which had a solid taste and was not greasy. You can also order brown fried rice, which I don't care for as much, because the brown rice is the grainier type. I've had brown friend rice that wasn't as grainy at other places, that taste great.They have a limited selection of beer and wine, plus some sake. The unfiltered Nigori sake is my favorite.Overall, this isn't your usual Chinese fast food place. They use quality ingredients in their dishes, and don't overly fry them. And of you aren't in the mood for Chinese, you can chose from their smaller Turkish selections. The place is casual, and I rarely see it over half full, so I'm not sure how they can stay in business, except I do see a lot of people picking up take out orders.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/22/2014,111,174,1,6,2>I've gone here twice now, each time with a friend, and each time we were able to walk in and get service around lunchtime during the week. The techs are very nice, the facility is very clean and they appear to take good care to maintain hygienics. The pedicure chair is quite comfortable and they really take their time with the pedicure. I have never felt like they were rushing. I get the on Sen/Aroma Deluxe pedicure with citrus and honey for $35. It's a very nice treatment and smells really great. They even use real orange slices to add to the citrus aromas. I build up bad calluses and they do a nice job here of dealing with them without getting  so overzealous that they remove too much. They have a good selection of colors and brands of polish. The atmosphere has been nice and relaxing on each of my visits. I think they do a good, thorough job at a fair price.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,10/21/2014,498,694,3,3,3>This is a great little spot just on the outskirts of the downtown Orlando area.  We came on a weeknight, I think Wednesday, so it wasn't to busy.  The cool thing is that they have a pretty big bar, lots of outdoor seating and live music.They also have a very large selection of bottled beers.  i actually found a pretty rare beer I was searching for..so score!  The food was OK, We had a flatbread and hummus.  Both very good in portion size.  The service was also excellent, as we sat at the bar.  he even brought our drinks and food outside for us.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,10/20/2014,175,174,6,5,5>I've pretty much found my new Chinese spot. Their food is really, really good. I haven't had Chinese food like this in a very long time. Coming from New York and experiencing Chinese food there has spoiled me. Ever since then I have been comparing Chinese food to what I grew up with. Sad to say many, many years later I have never been able to find a Chinese food place that satisfied me as much. Until now.I've found what has come close, very close to what I remember. China Sun, hidden in a small shopping center, in an area that is not the friendliest could be mistaken as "just another Chinese food" restaurant. It is not. I used to go to another place down the street because I was not aware of China Sun. When you know better you do better.  It's all about the food. All. About. The. Food. Can you say, "Delish!"? Come on, say it with me. D-E-L-I-S-H! Now you'll just have to go to see for yourself.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,5/17/2011,1136,916,3,8,5>I have only been here twice, and the first time was way back. As far as i can remember this location has been here longer then i have lived around this area but the food is still as good as the first time i had it a couple years ago. They serve chicke,salads,gyros,sandwiches and hummus. I had there chicken from there  chicken platter's ( breast and wing or leg and thigh) i choose breast and wing , it comes with two sides or a salad and i choose the Mediterranean salad witch comes with Olive's, and tomato's and cheese on a vinaigrette dressing all Pre- made to order but still good and tasted great. The chicken was good too and was nice and juicy not dry and was fresh and on the side they put one pita bread split in two's with some butter, over all the quality of the food was good and the prices are not to bad with the portions you get. The person that went with me had the same thing but with potato salad and Cole slaw and i can tell you both tasted pretty good, and the potato salad tasted fresh not sure if it is home made but was pretty good. If you want to take out they have that available and normally you can order and be out withing a few minutes. I came during lunch time and it was a bit busy but not to packed and they had you moving down the line pretty quick and got your food pretty fast. The place is kept pretty clean , food is served in Styrofoam plates and  cups both make it easy on the restaurant to just trash your plates for easy cleaning .If you want to catch the breeze you can eat out side. Staff is friendly but nothing out of this world friendly!I gave it four stars because the food is good and the atmopshere is also very nice but the chicken is not the best I have had before, stil a place worth trying out if you have not been here before.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,5/16/2011,334,198,4,6,5>After a lengthy business meeting, per a colleague's recommendation, we ventured into Fresh on the Fly. Wow! It almost has a "dive" feel to it except it's located in Lake Mary/Heathrow so it's more of an upscale dive. Great atomosphere. Beautifully, yet understated, decorations. Like an upscale seafood dive restaurant. Along the right side is an open area with a bar where you can watch food preparation. On the left side and throughout the middle is the seating area. While the menu is not expansive, it does offer a good variety of seafood and a couple non-seafood related choices. Sandwiches, salads and soups are the main lunch selections while there are main entree choices for dinner. There is also an appetizer list. I'm not a big fish eater, so I ordered the blackened chicken sandwich with fries. Absolutely delicious. It came on a whole wheat bun with lettuce, tomato,onions and mayo. And the fries were definitely unique. They were various sizes and shapes but very delightful. Oh and their sweet tea rocks. Some of the best I've had.I definitely recommend venturing out to this upscale dive. Ok, it's a bit too upscale to really be considered a dive but the homey, comfortable feel is very much like your favorite dive.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,5/15/2011,307,459,2,6,6>I love this place!It's a "dive" oyster bar and is likely the best place to get them in the Orlando area. I've tried a couple here and they were very good. (I'm not at all into oysters; I had them for the first time close to 10 years ago while in Baltimore and didn't really care for them, and have only sampled a couple at Lee and Rick's.) When I'm here, I usually settle for the crab cakes, which also are pretty tasty. (Though the menu states, if I remember correctly, that they're not 100% composed of real crab meat.) Still, I enjoy them.The staff is very friendly and the place has a really cool vibe going on. I'm not sure if it's still there, but there was a Ms. Pac Man machine in there during my last visit (last summer?), which, at least in my opinion, earns it some bonus points. (I love that game.)I've never used the restroom here, so I can't add anything to any of the comments about them as posted by previous reviewers. In a place like this, though, I'm used to sacrificing a little bit of decor/cleanliness for atmosphere/the experience/etc. If I went to use the restroom here, I'd likely have a pretty good idea what it'd be like before I entered, so it's not like I have any lofty expectations in that area. It is what it is.Definitely check this place out if you like oysters/mussels. (I've never tried mussels, ever, but my uncle did when he and I visited Lee and Rick's last year and he loved them; he's somewhat of a seafood connoisseur, so if he enjoyed them then they must've been very good.)Highly recommended!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/14/2011,112,206,1,9,7>Ok being from the north I am a Roast Beef snob. I usually on get my roast beef subs from Publix, the Boars head is the closest I've come to good roast beef down here. So today I decided to try this place. I'm always hesitant about ordering Roast beef, but thought I'd give it a try. Loved it! It was perfect in my eyes, little bit of salt and pepper, some pickles, mayo and cheese. The Roast beef was cooked to perfection.  Ot was red and juicy.  Way better than any of the sub chains around.  There was a ton of meat in my 7" sub, and with a drink it was less than $7.00. The store itself was pretty run down. But it didn't seem all that dirty, even being there after the lunch rush. Also the man behind the counter was super nice. He told me they now deliver to the Maitland center.   Woo hoo! I would definitely come back for my roast beef cravings!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,5/13/2011,50,156,2,7,2>I hope you never have to use emergency services for your pet. But, if you do, know that this hospital will provide compassionate and effective service.This winter I had a scare with one of my dogs. We just came in from a walk and he started convulsing on the stair landing. At first, I had no idea what was happening. I just knew he needed medical attention ASAP.I called Emergency Pet Hospital and they instructed me to bring him right away. This had never happened before, and my concern was he ate something outside or was bitten by a creepy insect. The vet ran a battery of tests, to ensure his organs were operating properly. He was very thorough in his care and explanation. He let me know exactly what he was checking for and what potentially the results would indicate.It turns out my dog likely had a seizure - the vet provided a treatment plan and monitoring program for me to follow.  He also kept my dog for observation for several hours, at no additional charge. I really believe he just wanted to make sure he was alright.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,5/12/2011,130,122,5,7,5>A place dedicated (seriously dedicated) to all things beer? Super duper win!!The official opening of the World of Beer in Dr. Phillips went without a hitch. Unbelievably, the inevitable signs of "we just opened" were nonexistent. Instead, the service was a steady flow which included knowledgeable bartenders, quick service, and prompt assistance. If this is the beginning, I can't wait to see what's to come.I have to say, as a beer drinker, World of Beer far exceeded my expectations. The drink selection was impeccable, the service was outstanding, and they even let their patrons order food from other establishments in the area! Hello!If you love beer, get your ass over here! They have awesome servers, an unparalled beer selection, and a cool, toned-down atmosphere. They have over 50 beers on tap and over 500 (um, yeah) by the bottle. Try the Wittekerke White Wheat. Super light with some orange notes. You can drink 4 of these and not get that beer-full feeling. They have it on tap...Thinking about going? Don't think. Just go. Look at their selection of beer and fall in love... just like I did tonight.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,5/11/2011,1408,1403,1,4,5>I don't know how many different ways you can prepare a hot dog, but this place must know most of them. The location is great, across thge street from the amtrck station, it must have been a real happening place 60 years ago, a bit quieter now, very nostalgic. They have charity events here and the owners work the store and make some really nice food.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,5/9/2011,204,152,,3,4>What a cool spot! I did not even know this place existed until our friend suggested we meet there for Sunday night karaoke. They have drink specials on bloody marys, mimosas, and sangria on Sunday. Everyone who sang karaoke was amazing! I have never seen better karaoke singers. There was even a girl who was going to be on American Idol! Great little gem of a bar. I definitely suggest checking it out on a Sunday Night. On Monday nights, they have trivia. It is also right next door to Logan's Bistro which I heard great things about from you Yelpers and hope to try soon :)
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/8/2011,398,313,3,5,5>Roasted duck hanging next to a beautiful piece of roasted pork can only mean I'm at Tasty Wok!  Authentic Chinese BBQ is awesome here!  For lunch, I recommend the roast pork/duck/chicken combo which comes with white rice, dipping sauce for the meat, and Chinese broccoli!For dinner, I go with my usual Beef Pan Fried Noodles, Salt and Pepper Fried Fish Balls (not what the title implies, and don't ask me why I tried a dish titled so!), and Beef Chow Fun.   The Salt and Pepper Fried Fish Balls are actually pieces of tender white fish fillet lightly battered and  fried and delicately salted and spiced with jalapeños and green onions.  Delicious!  The beef chow fun is the best here!  Nice and greasy with thick noodles, onions, green onions and chunks of beef!  Yum!  The greasier beef chow fun is, the better!  I find that most Asian restaurants have the most hilarious dish titles and spelling errors.  There are at least 30 spelling errors found on the menu which always give me a good laugh.  The atmosphere is a typical Chinatown BBQ feel.  Small, cramped, and bare.  Obviously, people don't come here to enjoy the ambiance and it is clearly packed all the time for the FOOD!  The service is quick and the food comes out within 10 minutes or so usually.  So it's a great place to eat a quick meal or get a meal on the run.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,5/7/2011,34,214,2,2,2>Holy yumminness. This time around I had the Chicken Burrito loaded and it was a meld of perfection!  The combination of their fresh salsa, marinated Chicken, plus everything else is one of a kind!   Very friendly people and made to order right infront of you!  Call ahead to place an order cause they are busy ;-)  GO!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,12/12/2013,243,268,5,7,8>BEEEER. Lots of it and...really, need I say more on the subject? Beer is good, they don't serve shit beer and if you want some beer, you should get some here. Hey, a poem! Bartenders, they are all awesome. When I approach the bar in my wheelchair (being chauffeured by hubs) they don't just automatically look at him first. They look at ME and talk to ME, asking me what I would like to have. Holy shit, service industry people who know handicapped people aren't necessarily DEAF. Fuckin' A, man. And that A is for awesome. FOOOD. Lots of this, too. Best wings I've ever had in my life. Really, I mean it. Ranch is phenomenal. One shouldn't be saying that about a condiment/salad dressing, but it's true, so I kinda have to. Their Sriracha ranch made my hubs an official ranch lover. Thank you.And I always thought that I hated chicharróns/pork rinds. Turns out, I love them. Tater tots, which I always knew I loved, I love even more when they're from Oblivion. Chef Goody, you're doing it right. Fried Oreo's and Boss Servers... I ate one fried Oreo and thought I had an orgasm...and then I felt bad about myself. A server stopped by to ask how we were and I shared with her the Oreo dilemma. She sagely opined that one should never feel bad in such a situation and that I should just enjoy myself. Hell YES!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,12/11/2013,100,95,2,7,5>I'm still thinking about our meal here last night!  I'm still dreaming of the amazing perogies.  They are definitely the best ones we've had across Central Florida!My polish husband if a bit of a perogie snob.  He comes from Detroit where nearby Hamtramck cranks outs homemade perogies all day from 100% polish grandmas.  It's been hard to find good-enough polish food for him.  We've been to all the places in Orlando AND Tampa looking for authentic polish food - and who knew that it was literally just around the corner from our house!I've guessed we never really noticed Anna's restaurant - it's off of Aloma next to the urology place we always make fun of.  We decided to check it out based on a recommendation from a friend...and HELLO new favorite place to eat!!I opted to carb load for dinner.  Nothing really makes me happier than potatoes.  So I had the 8 Potato & Cheese Perogie with a side of Potato Pancakes and a polish beer.  The perogie was hands down the best I've had since being in Michigan.  They were clearly homemade with a great texture, consistency and flavor.  They came served with some grilled onions on top and sour cream.  I was in heaven.  The potato pancakes were also perfect.  Not overly fried like I've had at other places.My husband and my father both ordered the Polish Platter: Three pierogi, one stuffed cabbage served with tomato sauce, grilled kielbasa, and polish sauerkraut.  They were loving life.My mom decided to order the Silesian dumplings with meat - which are tound potato dumplings stuffed with ground pork meat served with homemade mushroom sauce and a side of potato pancakes.We left super happy, super stuffed and super ready to return!Plus bonus - Wednesday night is buy one entree get a second for half-off! Score!!!The restaurant itself is small - but very cozy.  The server (there was only one for the whole restaurant) was great, really knew his stuff and was very attentive.  By guess is that the restaurant most likely wouldn't hold more than 40 people max.I can't express how much I loved this place-- I really wish they had an option to buy their perogies frozen so I could bring them home!!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,12/10/2013,192,84,,6,4>WHATS NOT TO LOVE? Black Bean Deli is an Orlando Staple and for good reason the food is beyond delish! LOCATION:The new location is hip and trendy very urban... great for a first date or a night out with the family. Customers now have the option of sitting in side or out (yay! esp if you have a pup or loud children)COST: Black bean Deli will not break the bank but it will make your tummy wanting more. THE GOOD STUFF: I have had almost everything on the menu and  STILL I can not pick an all time fav.... They have appetizers, main dishes as well as dessert. lets not for get about the endless supply of beverages like mexican coca cola!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/9/2013,136,98,3,6,3>In the old Piggly Wiggly parking lot (now it's the Planet Fitness / Twistee Treat parking lot) a group of bluegrass musicians have been gathering on Friday nights for over 25 years. There are typically musicians with guitars, banjos, violins, cellos, and usually even a double bass, Anyone who wants to play can sit in. They usually cluster their cars in the NE corner of the parking lot, behind the Pizza Hut, and either stand and play or sit on a couple of tailgates. People gather around with their folding/camp chairs and enjoy a free evening of entertainment. There are a number of choices for a bite to eat right in the parking lot and RusTeak and Joe's Pizza are right around the corner. It's a great choice for a date night or to do something a little different with the kids. Eat dinner and/or get a cone at Twistee Treat and sit and listen to some local homegrown bluegrass for a small town Friday night out.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,12/8/2013,39,339,3,3,3>Absolutely loved this place. Haven't been a big sushi eater until just about 2 years ago, and I'm not a fan of seafood in general or raw food, but this place had plenty enough for my wife and I to pick from and make an amazing meal from! We ordered 6 different rolls of various types and they were all amazing! The Mexican Bubble Roll was by far our favorite. Great flavor and sauces! The Tiger and Scorpion Rolls were quite delicious. The Fried Scallop and Shrimp Tempura rolls were actually so similar that we had a hard time telling them apart. Didn't matter, it was all good! We finished off our order with a Beef Teriyaki roll. I wish this would have come out warm, as that was my old complaint with it. It might have been that the other rolls were just so good that something had to be in last place. It was good enough though. It's not like we didn't eat it ;-) Great place tucked away in a hidden part of a large shopping center. Was nice inside and they were accommodating to our 5-week old baby and his large seat. Loved every part of our experience here.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,12/7/2013,110,128,3,7,3>Do you crave a sumptuous a Mexican feast cooked to perfection? Well take it from this authentic Mexican reviewer - get your butt to Taquitos Jalisco. The menu is rife with Mexican dishes that are out of this world. The menudo is just like my Mexican tita (granny) used to make. All the servings are large and meals are dirt cheap. Both your belly and wallet will be happy when you're out the door. The evening meal ambiance is occasionally complimented by the Mexican Mariachi team from the Epcot Pavillion at Disney. The music is awesome and don't forget to tip them for a personal request table side. This is a casual establishment where shirt and ties are not required. Just bring your appetite for a delicious meal at a bargain price. I've toured Mexican eateries north of the border in Texas and Florida and this place is among my top choices for Mexican fare. When craving Mexican food - carne or marisco, cruise on down to Taqutios Jalisco!Horale vato!!!!    (applause and laughter appropriate now)
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,12/6/2013,62,481,1,5,3>For us, Chez Vincent is like a little trip back to the neighborhood restaurant we always ate at in France. The service is amazing, professional, anticipating every need, offering tastes of the wines by the glass, just perfect. The fact that our waiter handled the nearby table of French patrons (an endorsement in itself) fluently in French, then switched to us with no detectable accent was impressive.The food is completely authentic. The house made pate is served just as it should be, with mustard and cornichons. My escargot was perfect--tender and just the right amount of garlic butter (which is to say, a lot!) I had the corvina in caper butter, a lunch special, and it was perfectly pan seared and then finished in the oven.Food prices at lunch are reasonable for the quality, and there are many decent wine prices as well. My only complaint was that several of the wines I tried to order were unavailable; it's time to update the very extensive list to reflect reality.We loved this place, and will be back soon.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,12/5/2013,40,24,4,6,3>Fried seafood? Definitely a bad decision for me but a pretty good decision for my taste buds. I wanted to try the chowder and biscuits (going off the tips on yelp) but they ran out of biscuits (at 2PM?) so I guess I'll have to try em' nice time. I shared a full seafood platter with my cousin and we didn't even eat all of it because of how much food it was. It was definitely really good and they have an assortment of sauces to try (cocktail, ketchup, hot sauce, tartar) with it. I will probably try the broiled versions next time. And yeah there will be a next time! Something about the decor here that kinda bores me. (Am I allowed to rate decor?) And the overall serving experience is kind of awkward.  You sort of walk through a maze similiar to a fair ride (I'm guessing it's to mimic a dock) to place your order and you pick up a menu off of a barrel. You pay first and then sit down. But then you have a waiter/waitress so I suppose you leave your tip on the table afterwards? I mean you're not going to tip before you eat, right? There's also the abundance of new england sports decor hanging on the wall, in any kind of way but all really bland. If the weather is nice, eat outside. If you are in the area and want seafood, this is your spot plus the staff is very nice. If you're an interior designer, holla at these folks. Those prices need a well decorated restaurant.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,12/4/2013,78,166,2,3,2>This kept popping up on my Yelp feed, and now I can understand why!  Really authentic and delicious Mexican food at extremely reasonable prices.  The flautas were perfectly cooked, and the accompaniments were fresh and flavorful!  My favorite part of the meal was the fresh watermelon agua fresca, I could drink this every day and be a very happy camper!I will admit that I was very confused on how to enter this restaurant. The sign for "Border Grill" was on top of a door that said "Use next door"   The next door was under a sign for "Thai Island Restaurant."  I stood in front for at least three minutes trying to determine what I was supposed to do.  Ends up the Thai Restaurant doesn't exist, and Border Grill extends into that location.  All in all, I was impressed - and I will definitely stop by when I'm in the area!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,12/3/2013,188,226,,6,1>My mom was half Cuban so I grew up eating Cuban food whenever we had family get togethers.  Actually my mom was a horrible cook... it was my aunt Charo who was the real Cuban cook in our family.  I treasured the days we went to her house for dinner!Rolando's is one of the better Cuban establishments I have gone to over the years.  I would say it is in my top five... the first being a place in Key West that is no longer around!  My mom always said that she could never really taste the way it was made in Havana because the water is different.  The breads never tasted the same in the sandwiches because the bread was made with different water.... and since I have never been to Havana, I can't tell you for sure if that is true.  I just have to take my moms word for it.   Many of my friends who have been there say that Rolando's is close to the real thing.  Too bad restaurants don't have water shipped to them!  Maybe that was the secret of that place in Key West!  I went for dinner one night with friends for a birthday.  I love black beans and rice, flan, Media Noche, and palomino steaks, and Ropa Vieja.  These are the items I normally will get and make comparisons with.  That night, I got the palomino steak and flan.  I LOVE a good flan and they got it right.  The steak was also great... with raw onions and my black beans and white rice on the side.  Happy tummy!The decor is okay... but I am not there for the looks of the place.. just the food. The service is also good.  Happy servers who seem to be enjoying their job and serving great food.  You can tell when its good food when the local Cubans come to eat.  Atmosphere  =  5Service = 8Food  = 10I did like Rolando's and plan to make more visits in the future!  Enjoy!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,9/10/2010,333,174,1,5,6>Located right across the street from the TGLee factory, the Milk Bar is not just a catchy name!  Offering a pretty decent selection of microbrews, board games, and movie viewings (certain nights), this place is definitely something worth checking out.During my last trip (July 4th), the neighboring pizza place stopped by to drop off free pizza to it's patrons.  Who doesn't like FREE?! Especially free pizza!Maybe on your visit you'll be so lucky.Also, the management is pretty rad too!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,9/8/2010,50,156,2,10,6>This is a sister show to Pirate's Dinner Adventure. It's cheesy, campy, slightly raunchy fun at its finest - definitely not suitable for the kids! We wanted to see a show and I was going to suggest La Nouba, since it's so great and sure to be a crowd pleaser. I'm glad I opted for something different. You assume this is a pirate themed show, but there is a little bit of everything here and I enjoyed every minute. There are even some gymnastic and acrobatic acts like La Nouba, but with a much better view. You are so close to the stage and have the opportunity to marvel at the talent of the performers. Here is what you can expect, really a little bit of everything! - Puppets (think the grumpy old Muppets, but in Pirate garb) - Cabaret -  Improv - Acrobats - Miming and general tomfoolery - Contortionist (wow, just wow) - Comedy burlesque - Magic act (think Mark and Lorna, but magic, not singing) Many of the acts call for audience participation and as someone who is typically happy playing the observer I can say the quality of the show and performers motivates you to play along. By the end of the night, I was dancing on stage - stone cold sober by the way. The performers were really fantastic and did a great job of engaging the audience. They spent time before and after the show interacting with us and making sure we had a good time. This is a dinner show, so I should comment on the food. I wasn't expecting gourmet, you really go for the show, but I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. It reminded me of Vegas style buffet - on the strip, at Bellagio or Venetian. I think they were smart to provide a fixed menu, with a vegetarian option of course, the food was pretty good and I really enjoyed the dessert. Tickets are $49.95 - a fair price considering the quality of both the show and food. It's a good idea to check the show's website or discount sites, like halfoffdepot.com, before you reserve tickets to see if there are specials. This is a perfect activity for entertaining out of town guests, to give them a taste of Orlando's touristy flavor, but also a perfect date night for married or established couples. I would not recommend this as a first date - he'd be defenseless against the allure of the pirate wenches and contortionists and you wouldn't know him well enough to be feel comfy kicking him under the table.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,9/7/2010,210,167,,7,6>YUMSTERS! I am very critical of most restaurants in Orlando due to being over exposed to quality dining in Asheville, NC and NYC, so I rarely give out five starts. WP Fish Company deserves 6. First, you must get over the fact that you will have to wait a long time to be seated because the place is super small. You will also likely be seated with some strangers, but that adds to the fun. The food is wonderful, especially the couscous. I ordered the Key West Sandwich and ate every last morsel. The wine list isn't bad either.So, bottom line, get over the wait, bring a fun friend, and be prepared to enjoy well cooked fish made with love.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,9/6/2010,320,258,2,3,4>I had the pleasure of going to Luma twice in one week! They have a nice back room that is semi-private -- really great for those bigger parties. Overall, great environment- very modern yet had a cozy feel to it. The entire wait staff was really nice too which always makes for a pleasant evening. The first I went there I had the citrus salad to start. You'll only hear me say this for this one dish - meh. It was too citrus-y. I know, ridiculous maybe? The orange flavor in the dressing was too overpowering and not good enough. It left a nasty taste in my mouth so yeah, I didn't enjoy. MOVING ON. I let Pedro R. (a must request when you go) pick my entree for me, as to there were too many awesome looking dishes. He picked the duck, and oh my goodness. It was awesome! Cooked perfectly over black lentil and this sauce that was so flavorful! Clearly a great choice. The second time I was there I went for the roasted organic chicken. Um. Wow. I would recommend this dish to ANYONE and everyone! The duck was good, but the chicken was awesome. So flavorful with these apple glazed veggies - delish! I would recommend anything on the dessert menu. I mean, come on. It's dessert! Really enjoyed my experiences at Luma and I look forward to going again in the future!Big shout out to Pedro R. -- awesome waiter at Luma. He definitely took care of us!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,9/5/2010,119,305,,5,3>We went here last night based on you Yelpers and your recommendations. You all did not disappoint! When we got to the restaurant, I wondered for a moment whether the prices on their website were actually correct. The place looks like something out of South Beach (and I know, because I'm from South Florida). It's very modern and art deco. When we sat down and I saw the nice menus, my stomach dropped for a moment. Was this really the place with the $9 chimichanga? Indeed it was! In fact, there are many dishes on the menu under $10. The place was packed, but we were seated immediately in a very comfortable booth. It probably didn't hurt that we showed up around 8:30 instead of earlier on a Friday night. We both ordered margaritas right away. Rob had a patron margarita, and I had the Pinata margarita. I must warn you, they do not skimp on the alcohol. For us, this was not something we liked. We like to have a cocktail as much as the next person, but neither of us is into having the whole drink taste like alcohol. Rob especially is a big fan of margaritas, and there has never been a time when he wasn't able to drink it because of too much alcohol. Needless to say, we told them to take that off of our check. I somehow managed to suck half of mine down, but I had a buzz going...and I'm not a lightweight. However, if you like drinking a cocktail that feels like you are slowly sipping out of a shot glass, then this is the place for you. We ordered queso dip (regular, not the fancy one with all the meat in it), which was excellent. I ate way too many chips with dip (mostly to compensate for the strong drink...or at least that's the story I'm sticking with). They also provide salsa and an interesting white dip that I couldn't figure out. I wasn't into it, but it's nice to have options. I had the chicken fajitas and Rob had the chicken chimichanga. We both enjoyed our food. They gave us both a TON of chicken, to the point where we couldn't eat all of the food because it was too filling. Definitely a great value. The service was quite good, despite how busy the place was. We had everything we needed. The atmosphere was a bit loud, but we were okay with that. We were still able to have a conversation and not feel annoyed. Overall, we had a great experience and will definitely be coming back again.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,9/4/2010,171,134,3,10,6>My friend and I checked this place out yesterday on a whim after having lunch at nearby Whole Foods. While most of the selection isn't the most exciting I've seen (clam diggers and so-so dresses), I do have to mention THE SHOES. Wow. Someone unloaded a bunch of really nice kicks recently - we spotted some coach sneakers, a few other designer brands, and I snagged some apparently never-worn cordovan Via Spiga heels for twenty bucks!!! :::Squeeeee:::Oh yes. I will be back.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,9/3/2010,243,268,5,3,3>If your dog is not a compulsive humper like mine (and he's FIXED-jeez), then this is a fun, welcoming place to wear out your pup. Much better use of land than the former Jaycee Park where the hookers liked to hang out.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,9/2/2010,33,41,2,9,6>Finally, the long awaited opening of Pom Pom's at UCF is here.This location is a nice mix of downtown Pom's with a splash of Lazy Moon college charm thrown in. Not nearly as crazy or colorful inside (not yet, anyway), but it's so much bigger while still remaning cozy. Easily fits 2 or 3x the number of people as the Bumby Pom's.The bar has a dozen stools to it, there's a giant table or 2 in front, and several tables with bench and table seating along the side. There's also a giant chalkboard behind the bar with all the daily specials and drinks available: $2 PBR, $3 Yuengling!The service was super friendly and attentive and it was surprisingly crowded for only the second day of their soft opening. I'd imagine they're just heavily staffed as they first open, but it was a really nice experience.This time around I got the Asian BBQ sandwich along with peanut noodles on the side. It was delicious, especially the noodles which were almost like pad thai with a sprinkling of peanuts on top.The food got good reviews all around and I think this location will be great. Aside from the currently drab walls (which I'm sure will eventually be covered in art) and cash only (soft opening, so this will be fixed in a week), this is an amazing location. They'll be open 'til 5AM on the weekends and hopefully this becomes a UCF tradition that'll be here to stay.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,9/1/2010,39,80,4,3,1>This place really is awesome. Just look 30 reviews all 4-5 stars! You absolutely will not be disappointed here. The schnitzels are the shnit! Pretty waitresses! Music is great! So much fun!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,8/31/2010,28,102,,13,4>I'm on a 5 star roll lately.  But I can't help it with this one.  This is the most amazing clinic I have ever been to.  EVER.  The staff here is friendly and helpful.  They have same day appointments and I have yet to wait longer than 5 minutes after my appointment time.  As most women know, we don't look forward to our yearly exam.  It's not a pleasant time.  The staff here make it all that much more bearable.  They actually take the time to listen to you during your appt.  You do not feel rushed in the least bit.  I feel like I can ask any questions and will get an answer immediately.  They have had amazing referrals as well.  I haven't been disappointed yet and don't think I ever will be.  It's clean, bright, and overall a fabulous place to be a woman!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/24/2011,39,174,,4,3>Friday Happy Hour WIN!Got here early enough on a Friday afternoon (around 4pm) to get a sweet table and really to claim a server (from all the reviews I've read).  We were handled by Megan who seemed to do a pretty good job.  There were 8 of us and she kept our mugs full.Prices of the beers were were roughly $5 to $8 for 90% of them.  For the 3pm to 7pm happy hour, drafts were $1 off.  They were supposed to have a $3 draft of the week but the manager mentioned that because Friday gets busy, they didn't have one that day.  Really?!  Especially when it's printed on the menu!!!  Oh well, when are places going to start trying to make the customer happy and want to come back instead of given them a sour experience.  Anyways, they have hand shuffleboard (or sand bowling or whatever they call it, it is the shorter table though), skee ball, a pool table, darts I think, and board games including decks of cards.Didn't try a hot dog or anything.  Wanted something a lil fancier to eat than that.  Maybe will try the food if I end the night there.Anyways, I'm sure I'll be back for a Happy Hour again.  Was a good time for sure.Happy Hour:Monday - Friday, 3 to 7pm, $1 off drafts and free chips and salsaSpecials:$3 Draft of the Week (sometimes I guess)
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,11/23/2011,93,118,,4,3>I took my neices and friends to see the interactive Snow White and 7 Dwarfs over the weekend.  They had a blast!  I haven't been for a child's show before this one.  I must say, I was impressed with the mini theater, the actors were lovely and the show was well put together for a young audience.  The audience ranged of ages likely 2-9.  So cute- dresses and hair bows were everywhere (lol).  Eager little bright eyes waiting for Snow White to appear.  The interactive aspect was just adorable.  Children from the audience were asked up to stage to participate in portions of the show.  I am huge fan of Orlando Shakes.  This show just redirected me to make sure I expose the little people I know (neices/nephews) to our local theater.  I will surely be taking them back to see the other shows in the upcoming season.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,11/22/2011,114,90,3,5,5>I had the opportunity to eat at sushi POP for dinner the other night and it was smack yo mamma delicious! I thoroughly enjoyed our experience here however I wish I had not gone for that second round of rolls because otherwise I would have had enough room for some awesome dessert. I guess I will have to wait till next time to try one of these awesome creations. I did however see someone order the PBJ Ice cream, made tableside with the peanut butter powder and fresh grapes, yummy looking.The decor and style of this place is over the top nice, and i went with a couple of New Yorkers and they said this place would kill it in Manhattan. Anyhow the only thing I thought was really silly was the way the staff dressed in over the top Hot Topic Garb, thats the only way to describe it, other than saying they looked like plaid neon pink/green/yellow urban cowboy attired store clerks. It was so silly looking I felt bad for them, however the kitchen staff which you could oversee from the dining room was more properly attired.Onto our food, we started with some apps, good portions of shashimi style fish, no rice just fish slices served elegantly on nice porcelain dishware marinated and tasty as hell. We had the cobia blackened over a bed of creamy risotto grits, which was a special. We also had the Jalapeno pepper hamachi which was yellowtail with diced japs, and fresh wasabi lime sauce, the jalapeno flavor was lacking but the dish was delicious, and we had the deep fried tuna, both served similarly but with unique flavors, we were still starved after our apps luckily the food didn't take much longer.For the first round of rolls we had the Hot Mess, the Black Widow, and the Tripletail, and for the second round we had the Black Widow and the Tripletail because they were so good. But to be honest, I had the Hot Mess the first round and i shared one piece each with my guests and i was still pleasantly stuffed with enough room for dessert. The second round did me in tho, so no final course for us and I was so full for the rest of the evening no joke.This place was special, and im glad i finally got to check it out. There was nothing we really did not enjoy, I will warn you tho, the prices are not cheap and the portions are not huge, so don't be expecting to get by for a cheap meal, this is a great date restaurant, lots of conversation starters, and the food and service is amazing. I don't think you will be disappointed unless you show up with preconceived notions of how it should be. Otherwise all is great for this little oviedo hotspot that is only open for dinner. Bon Appetit.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,11/21/2011,11,281,,7,6>YES I finally found a place to buy my fresh produce and meats for Cheap!They have a food court outside in which they sell those TURKEY LEGS u get frm disney for less than $3. They only accept cash btw.The Meat dept has LOTS of varieties and they also have CHOICE BEEF which means the QUALITY is higher than MOST supermarkets and equal with Costco. The Produce dept is nice and cheap too... Lots of variety. I bought 2 bags of trimmed collards for $2.99 each big bag. Parking is packed and surprisingly There were a few spots empty. A co-worker mentioned this store to me and ive passed by this place many times without stopping by but Today - Im glad I did. I will be going back to purchase my Oxtails for the Holidays and place it in the freezer because I heard they raise prices up closer to the Holidays.Oh when u cash out they give u freebies ..lols.I got 3 nice looking jalapeno peppers inside my shopping bag today!Question is what do I do with them??
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,11/20/2011,498,694,2,3,2>This is my new favorite downtown bar/restaurant! This is the perfect place to come pre or post Magic game. They offer excellent beer specials, and have amazing burgers. Thanks to Colleen B., I tried the Black and Tan..oh my that's a good burger! You also have to get the Sweet potato fries. I would say they were the best i have ever had..and I have had a lot. They were sweet, but more on the salty side...Just right IMO. I look forward to coming here again before my next Magic game. Oh, did I mention it's walking distance? Park your car under I4, walk here, then walk to the game. Perfect!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,11/19/2011,1381,1517,2,7,5>I feel like walking into this place is a little vacay from America; Chanting in the background, monks with shaved heads milling around.  A vegan restaurant that serves delicious foods.  The menu cracks me up, because every entree is $5.00.  The selection is small, but who cares if you can get traditional Vietnamese dishes, generous portions, AND it's healthy and delicious for only five dolla!The  pictures on the walls I find very intriguing and colorful.  Several religious type books written in a language that I'm not sure what is are available at the restaurant. . .I'll just assume it's Vietnamese.  Herbalife protein powders can also be found here; Now this, I found super interesting.  In addition, other food items are sold in a deli case.  A couple of other tips:~English is not spoken well here--it's broken so I used a lot of pointing and hand motions. ~ Also, this is a cash only establishment, so I ended up walking to the Publix ATM nearby to grab some cash after I finished my meal.I am intrigued by this little spot, and will certainly return to try other dishes.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,11/18/2011,152,101,2,7,7>This is my first 5 star rating for a food truck.I went today for its public debut.  got the Local Pork Porchetta samich.  At first I was like this is awesome but not super awesome.  Then as I started to get towards the middle/end of samich, it indeed got super awesome.  All the delicious green goddess dressing and pork juices had run to the bottom and soaked in the bread.  My friend got the Johnny 5.  It too was delish.  I tried it ;)  Oh and the Parm Fries were perfect.My 5th star is because, not only was the owner, Tony, nice, but after checking out the website and eating the food I can tell that he really has a deep love and overall concern for the ingredients.  Their effort to use local meats and produce whenever possible is a huge plus for me."Local is Lovely"
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,11/17/2011,151,94,3,5,5>i was recommended to this place by a co worker and boy im glad i listened! First let me warn you... this truck is not for a light eater... your box comes packed with food (maybe enough for two to share if your food truck hopping and want to leave some extra space)I ordered the #9 spicy pork taco box... ummm picture was a bit confusing and i honestly didnt have any idea what i was ordering othan than a pork taco? wasnt even sure until i got my box.the line is a bit long and the food takes long... but in my opinion worth it for fresh food!so i get my box and grab a seat at the Apopka Food Truck Round Up.... open it up and BAM BAM BAM FOOD FOOD FOOD! woww. i knew this was all i was going to be able to eat during this food truck visit but im definitely getting my moneys worth!! Box comes with 1 super sized spicy pork taco (wowwwww loveeee this!!! deeeelishhhhhhhh), a spicy ginger mini salad (unnecessary), one extra large sweet chicken wing (cold and not spicy enough), some sticky rice fried & topped with a spicy mayo type sauce (wish i knew what this was cause its DEEEEEEEEELISHHHHHHH) AND some other thing that for the life of me i cant tell you what it is!!!  now thats a lot of food... but my fellow yelpers i am not complaining!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,11/16/2011,188,72,4,7,5>This place was here before the Milk District got hot, and while they've made some accommodations to the area's growth (increased bottle beer selection) they remain what they've always been, a small neighborhood pub.That's not a bad thing, or a good thing. It's just a thing, I guess. And who doesn't like a thing? Some things never change, and Bull & Bush is one of them. Sure, they spruced up the exterior a bit. Now, you might actually notice there's a bar there when you walk by to get to Social Chameleon or Sportstown Billiards. But slapping a fresh coat of makeup on the old lady doesn't make her a starlet.OK, I know what you're thinking; this guy is ripping this place to shreds. Nope, you're wrong. I LOVE Bull & Bush. It's one of the few remaining secrets in Orlando. You're never likely to find a crowd, the service is friendly, and it's a dive that's not a dive.UPSIDE:*Decent beer selection for the size of the place, and you can always count on Old Thumper.*They have dart boards. These boards don't like up, keep score for you, or play funny little songs. These are steel-tip boards, the kind people with common sense use to play darts. *They have a TV. If you wanna watch TV, stay home. This is a bar, try talking to someone, they probably won't bite.*I understand they'll have food brought over from Social Chameleon (which is all of 10 feet away)*The bartender (big guy with a beard, I can't remember his name) is a really cool guy and you'll see him all over town, I do.DOWNSIDE:*Looking for food? Yes, they have it. No, you probably don't want to eat it. Besides, they haven't turned the fryer on yet, it'll be a while. * Don't like smoke? This is a smoking bar. You own 90% of the places in town, if you don't like it go somewhere else and let us smokers have our place.* They have steel-tip darts. No, wait... that's a good thing.The Bull & Bush is a hybrid of a dive bar and a British pub. It's the kind of place people talk, drink, and have a good time. It's a real gem of Orlando, and if you haven't tried it you should probably check it out at least once, you owe it to yourself.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,11/15/2011,115,93,,6,4>Dylan's Deli = Delightful neighborhood cafe!This quaint deli is nestled inside a cute little free standing building along Orange Ave (next to the Ravenous Pig)!  Dylan's Deli is not your typical deli...it's like a brunch/lunch cafe with European flair.  When I took my first bite of my Italian Panini, it actually reminder me of the paninis I used to order when I was studying in Italy.  In our overly processed and preserved food industry, we've come to expect certain textures and flavors.  Dylan's deli offers very fresh sandwiches, quiches, crepes, waffles, paninis, soups and salads.  Each of the menu items has a special flair.  Their coffee was also wonderful!!!  The food is fresh and flavorful.I ordered the Italian panini but asked for it without the Pepperoni and Pastrami and on different bread. They were extremely accommodating to my special requests.   The owner asked if I wanted any additional veggies instead. My boyfriend ordered one of the veggie crepes and said it was delicious.  Their portions are small so I don't recommend going there when you're starving.  The sweet crepe we had was strawberry, banana and nutella. Yumm!!Even more, I just felt like I wanted to stay there for hours...reading and chatting with the welcoming owners.  Dylan's deli is welcoming, fresh and reasonably priced.  Step into a corner of Europe and delight in simple neighborhood freshness. Next Saturday, May 21st, they are hosting their grand opening on their patio!!!  Support Dylan's Deli!!!  Support local businesses!!!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,5/25/2013,52,113,2,4,3>Best sushi place in Orlando! I came here on a hot date with my boyfriend :) Ki (not sure how to spell his name) was our server and he was very entertaining. He suggested the Sianara Seduction as a drink, which I enjoyed 2x. My boyfriend had the beer he suggested as well, which I even liked and I am not a fan of beer. We had wontons as an appetizer and 4 rolls: Mango Tango, Black Dragon, Big Boss, and The Dragonfly Signature Roll. Appetizer: I don't recall the wontons being on the menu, but I ordered them knowing they had them at the Gainesville location. One or two of them tasted a little cold on the inside, but the kitchen was super busy this night. They still tasted good, so I really didn't want to complain. The mango sauce they come in is delightful.Rolls:First, the Mango Tango and Big Boss rolls came out. We share all of our rolls, so I got to try all of them. These two had amazing flavor. The mango tango had ribbons of fried sweet potatoes  sprinkled atop, which added a nice compliment to the mango. The big boss roll was one of my favorites, because the wrap was on the outside of the roll, with the rice inside. I like the presentation of that style. This roll had avocado, which I love, and a nice blend of fish.Next we got the Dragonfly Signature and Black n Bleu (whoops! wrong roll), which had to be sent back for our Black Dragon. We enjoyed the mess out of the dragonfly signature roll while waiting on our last one. It was filled with fish and crab, then wrapped up in it. This was by far the best roll. SO good!Finally, our Black Dragon came out. I was underwhelmed by this one after the first 3. I don't know if I was just overstuffed from the drinks and appetizers before the rolls, or if it was truly lacking, but I did not think it was up to par with the other rolls. It was good compared to what you'd find at another restaurant, but it ended our night with a fizzle. I wouldn't order it again, since I know they have much better. This place is beautiful on the inside, and the kitchen is behind glass, so you can see everything being prepared. The staff was very helpful and though one of our orders got mixed up, I was not disappointed with the service. I would recommend this as a nice date night, for those dates that fall on payday :)
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,5/24/2013,243,268,3,5,6>Their bread is the bomb and I love, love, LOVE their Signature Chili Cactus Soup! So good, and their website describes it as "spicy." I didn't find it too spicy, but I did find it too delicious! Wanted more.Baked to order sweet potato waffle fries are delicious sprinkled with Fat Cat Surprisingly Mild Guajillo Ghost sauce. Plenty crispy for me and I am one of those annoying people that usually ask for my fries to be cooked extra crispy. Great service, kind owner, delicious food at reasonable price points. Good stuff.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/23/2013,115,241,3,8,6>Created by Eli Tobias from the Edge days, Thee Grotto is a hidden gem in downtown Orlando. Tucked away behind the Bank of America building, this space has hosted other bars but has now been renovated.The atmosphere is great and I loved the hallway separating the main bar from the dance floor because it gave the place a really good flow. The blacklight, dark look is really perfect for getting even the shyest people to dance!They are now full liquor and the bar staff is friendly and on top of things. I also love that this place is away from the heart of downtown so the clientele is there for a specific reason and not just tourists wandering off the main path. This really helps cut down on rude people who just want to make fun of the regulars.Every night has different music, so be sure to check their Facebook for details. The only downside to being so tucked away is that parking is limited in front of the building on State Lane and Orange Avenue. It would be nice to have closer parking lots or a valet for us ladies in heels but for now I'll suck it up and walk because this place is so great!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,5/22/2013,85,232,8,6,5>Alright now- how good can biscuits and gravy really get? Lets try this simile?Can you imagine the sheer freakin joy a bee experiences while in cool of the morning, meandering in the private parts of fully open, super fragrant and receptive orange blossoms? Filling those cute little knee buckets with the wonder substance that defines your reason for existence? Confirming your acceptance in the hive and positive proof you actually deserve to be - - well a bee?Well that is close.  -LETS ALLL DANCE THE BEE HIVE JIVE- WHOO HOO- LIFE IS GOOD!Love the texture and flavors with the biscuit n' gravy that the only downer of this  experience, was sharing that biscuited booty with the folks in front of me. Some sharing is cruel and unusual punishment. I beg this food is a case in point. Test the tenacity of your friendships by tasting first, then, offering to share - I so dare you!The brunch entree I choose after that be-utiful biscuit number was the recommended BBQ Brisket. Yeah, my 2nd favorite cut of cow. I realize it is not fair to say I don't recall the intimate yelpin' details as the shoveling pace was more frantic than piggish once unleashed onto this entree. Simple instinctive & motivated bucket packing. No  thought or consideration  for anything other than keeping one's taste buds FULL in the game until the FINAL bell. I think I came up for air only twice.Wow, I'm so in love with these guy's love and talents for fats, proteins and finer things, only the distance back to Winter Park is allowing my bank account the moments to recoup with fund transfers back to the spending account. This ain't cheap, but is sure is worth it.Service by server Destin was superb w/o any issues to be endured. The flight of beers turned out to have only 1 bummer out of 5  easily offered up to the table- who so longed to fill their cute buckets too.Something tells me it can even be better than what I've experienced- with their dinner menu perhaps? But moderation will make the heart grow even fonder I've found.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,5/21/2013,222,63,1,8,6>I am a fan. Whoever though of an Asian/Latin fusion (especially for takos/tacos) deserves a key to the city. Located on Mills avenue, this place is next to Bananas Modern American Diner, so parking can be very limited and sometimes dangerous since there is also parking on the road side.As for the food, I always get the 3 Tako Special: Asian Braised/Korean Beef and Thai Peanut. The servings are super fresh vegetables and the sauce just melds it all together perfectly. I just recently tried the Japadog and it was awesome. The dog itself was small but the vegetable toppings was very flavorful.As for dessert, I would recommend getting the churros (yes, churros!) and be sure to get the chocolate/butterscotch/key lime dipping sauces. The chocolate was dark but very flavorful, the butterscotch got a bit messy, but the biggest surprise was the key lime. Not too tarty but has amazing flavor...who woulda knew!The only bad side is that the location itself is VERY small and can get packed quickly, so a large group of people is not recommended. The servers there are quick and awesome and very attentative. The cucumber water (sounds gross, but not) is a special surprise as well.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,5/20/2013,167,286,4,8,4>I haven't had Hot Pot in about 16 years and after reading some reviews on here, I figured I'd give it a try. I'm so glad I did... it was such a fun experience!For those who do not know what hot pot is, it is very similar to fondue. But instead of cheese, it's broth. You order slices of different meats and veggies that are raw, and then cook them in the broth to your liking. You order the broth per person; I got the numb spicy (and it's pretty effin spicy so beware!)We got the sliced pork, beef, chicken, and scallops. For veggies, we got the shittake mushrooms and bok choy. Everything was so delicious! Also at the side of our table, there were like, 10 different homemade sauces that you can use to flavor the broth and food. The server was attentive and full of energy. Great service.Had a great time. Will be back!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/19/2013,59,210,1,5,4>Delicious banh mi, kind owners, and authenticity make this a 5 star establishment for me. It's tucked away in the back of the plaza where there's a shop with large (gaudy) Asian-style lions guarding the door on Colonial.The banh mi is super good. I've tried the #7 (chicken) and #18 (vegetarian) so far and both were great. The bread is crispy, the vegetables crunchy, and the chicken was moist and sweet. The jalepenos did push it over the edge for me in terms of spiciness on the #18, but that's not even an issue. The sweet and savory flavors just meld together beautifully.The owners are also both very welcoming and kind. Yes, we had some difficulty communicating, but a smile goes where words can't. Okay, cheesy, moving on. I waited inside for my order to be finished while holding a pizza that I'd picked up for my roommate. When my order was complete, the man not only put those in a plastic bag, but insisted on also bagging the pizza box that was obviously not from their establishment.They also charged me only $5 for both sandwiches; I'm not sure if that's the price or they just felt like that was how much it should cost. Regardless, I look forward to my return visit.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/18/2013,98,217,2,5,4>Great lil tacos! this are the real deal Jalisco tacos. Small smoking hot corn tortilla with juicy meats all over them. The food is awesome, everything is made fresh daily and the prices are great too. The place is  small and humble run by a family. If you order the tacos you have to add the toppings yourself don't make the same mistake i made the first time where i took the taco and forgot to add all the toppings! lol.  All the topping are on the side of the counter so get your tacos, add all delicious toppings you want and Enjoy! oh and the home made sauces! they are soooo good and HOT! This a great lil hole in the wall selling awesome honest mexican food and i highly recommend it. Oh almost forgot, they only accept cash!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/17/2013,38,186,,10,2>Let me preface this by saying I was horribly spoiled for dim sum years ago living in Seattle. We ate at Noble Court and a couple of other small Chinese restaurants around the Redmond area that had unbelievable dim sum at least 2-3 times a week. So, any time I try a dim sum place I have a ridiculously high bar to compare to. The amazing thing about Ming's Bistro for me is that I have not eaten here previously. Apparently, my wife had eaten here with some co-workers some time ago but didn't think too much of it so she had kind of waved me off when I mentioned it.Now, on to our dining experience of last Friday night: I talked my wife into giving the place another try, in spite of her trepidation. So, we got there around 6:30 and  got seated at the last available small table after a very short wait. I thought the service was quite good. The server was very attentive without hovering and a woman who appeared to be the manager or owner came over a couple of times to inquire about how we were enjoying our meal.As for the food, the dim sum was good, but not great. The shui mai was very tasty, four nice size open faced dumplings filled with pork and shrimp. They had a good texture and flavor. The shrimp in rice paste was okay with the sweet soy sauce served with it. The Sticky rice in Lotus leaf with little bits of sausage and other little tidbits of meat and egg was not that great, I have had much better versions of this dish elsewhere, my high bar not withstanding. I will definitely have to go back and try some more of my favorite dim sum items, like the chicken feet and pork buns (steamed or baked). Now, the entrees; their fish in ginger sauce with scallions was fantastic. We did have to watch out for the large slices of ginger since they are a little strong for our palette. But the quantity and quality of the fish was amazing, as was the sauce. The waitress said the fish was sole and it did have the texture and mild flavor of a tasty flat fish like sole or flounder. Most places would have thrown tilapia into a dish like this so that was very nice. The salt and pepper shrimp was also very good, with large fresh shrimp, snow pea pods that were nice and crisp and an abundance of green bell pepper. In fact, there was a bit too much green bell pepper for our taste, especially for my wife who doesn't really care much for the green version of this species. She says it isn't ripe yet. But the quantity and quality of the shrimp and the flavors in the sauce were excellent. Also, I didn't get the sense that there was any MSG in their food since I didn't get the stuffy nose I would normally associate with its presence. The entrees and a couple of shui mai made it home for left overs a couple of days later and the seafood held up remarkably well.The only area I would ding this place on is the old and kind of run down decor. The high drop ceiling with ancient looking chandeliers was a bit on the scary side. But I do like the old school New York Chinatown look of the crispy ducks hanging in a case by the register. That is another dish I will have to be sure and try next time. I definitely recommend this place, especially to any hard core Chinese food aficionados.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/16/2013,18,101,6,5,3>So happy Hyppo is open in Orlando! I always visit when in St. Augustine. My favorite flavor is strawberry basil but pineapple cilantro is a close second. Unless you are one of these weirdos that thinks cilantro tastes like soap. No artificial ingredients or added sugar. They also indicate which flavors, if any, have dairy. Good selection of coffee and tea as well. Get a popsicle, walk around Lake Eola, stare at some swans--lovely Saturday.Typically, my 3 year old and I share a popsicle because she can't hold one herself and hates for her hands to get sticky. If your child is like that, consider sharing so you don't find yourself throwing this gourmet delicacy out the car window after 25 minutes of screaming about "juicy" hands. I'm sure her future therapist will find a lot of gold in that story.Oh, and you get free parking in the nearby garage for 20 minutes, which is plenty of time to get a popsicle.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,11/23/2012,98,217,2,9,4>Update:Finally got to try the paninis and pasta and let me tell you, they delivered 110%. They definitely did not disappoint. I had pear stuffed sacchetti with the my choice of a spicy tomato base sauce and the result was a perfect combination and balance of spicy & sweet. Every bite was delicious and even my wife who isn't a big fan of spicy food thought it was delicious. The pasta was cooked perfectly, everything tasted fresh and delicious. I can't wait to come back to try more food here! So far, I'm a fan of this place. Btw I highly recommend my combination of pear stuffed saccchetti with the spicy (you can choose from a variety of topping sauces)  sauce if you are a person who likes a Lil kick on your food, I promise the combination is perfect! I seriously want to go tomorrow and get the same dish. The panini my wife ordered was also super tasty and generous size. We also tried the nutella cheese cake ( Italian style cheesecake made with ricotta) and we both enjoyed it very much, it was the perfect ending along with a delicious coffee. Great Job, all Italian market & deli!!!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/22/2012,307,459,3,7,7>After much procrastinating, I made my first trip to Four Rivers last night. Since I am not much of a BBQ person (I like it just fine, but don't think that I've had enough of it to be able to differentiate between what's excellent, pretty good, average and not good enough; also, despite what my obsession with The Crooked Spoon's hamburgers might tell you, I am not much of a meat-eater), I didn't know what to expect. All I knew prior to heading over was that the reviews here on Yelp were overwhelmingly excellent and that I was long overdue to check it out, especially since I live about 5 minutes away from the restaurant and have had plenty of chances over the past year or so to go.My initial impression upon arriving had a little bit of apprehension. There was a long line outside, which I somewhat was expecting (I've driven by many times and seen people waiting outside, but that was during lunchtime and the line appeared to be manageable; last night at around 8:15-8:30, when I was here, the line was pretty excessive). I also had to park a block away and in a residential neighborhood since there was no adjacent parking available. I began to wonder if stopping by here was worth the trouble. I decided to just take it in and remain in line, even though it was moving somewhat slowly and since it took me maybe upwards of 20 minutes to get inside and place my order.Since I am not much of a BBQ guy (see the first paragraph above), I opted for the smoked chicken quesadillas. I chose the cornbread and the smoked jalapeños as sides and also got an order of the fried Oreos. (How could I pass those up, really?) The two sides were included with the quesadillas and I believe that the Oreos were only $2 or $2.25, so the total came to less than $10, which was a good deal. I probably should've picked up some sodas here; there is a tremendous selection of soda along the far wall from the entrance and just prior to where customers place their orders. Some of these sodas I'd tried before, some of them I'd seen but not tried and some I'd never even heard of. Just about all of the ones I'd either not tried or heard of seemed to be awesome. I easily could've spent at least $5 more on soda here but decided not to. I surely will consider it next time. I don't know ... is it sane to come into this place just to buy bottled sodas? Haha. I probably will get a few funny looks if I stop by, get some of them and don't order food.Anyway, back to my review. I took the food home with me and really enjoyed it. The quesadillas weren't the best I've ever had and the cornbread was pretty good. I liked the jalapeños, too, but I think that they were wrapped in pork, which I wasn't expecting. (I don't like pork very much.) I ate 2 of the 3 peppers. The quesadillas came with a fairly spicy BBQ sauce - I like spicy stuff, so I enjoyed this. Perhaps my favorite part of the meal was the dessert. The fried Oreos were AWESOME. I've had them from other places (Big Bruno's Bites, The Treehouse Truck, etc.) around town and while those are great, I think that these Oreos from Four Rivers are the best I've had. Unlike the ones from the aforementioned places, the Four Rivers Oreos are not sprinkled with powdered sugar and instead are drizzled with a chocolate sauce. Yeah ... AWESOME. You get 3 Oreos for $2 or $2.25 (one of those prices is correct, I think) and they're worth the price. I'd even pay more for them ... probably. (Don't tell Four Rivers that.)Overall, I'd say that my first trip here was very enjoyable. I will be back here soon, at least for some of those sodas. There may be some other items on the menu that I'd like to try, but some (steak, brisket, ribs) I don't see myself ordering as I just don't enjoy stuff like that. I'm sure that it is pretty good, though. As I waited in line last night, one of my friends said to me on Facebook that he thought Four Rivers was terrible and overrated. I told him that I didn't see how that could be 100% true. I'd guess that at least several hundred (and maybe closer to one thousand?) people ate at the two locations during the business day yesterday - I told my friend that not all of them could be wrong or misguided. Is this the best BBQ in the world? In Orlando? I don't know, but I liked it a lot. Has my friend had better BBQ? Maybe, but I don't see how Four Rivers can be called terrible and/or overrated. This is a quality restaurant, it's great summertime food, adults can bring their children here and sit outside and the prices appear to be fair. That, to me, is a winning formula. I don't think there's anything that can be done about the wait time or the parking situation; that's not why I'm giving this a 4-star review and not a 5-star one. I just don't think I know enough about the best BBQ to accurately give Four Rivers 5 stars. Maybe I will one day, but not right now. I certainly can see why other reviewers would give it 5 stars, though.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/21/2012,188,226,2,3,2>At the place I work, when we finish a major project, we celebrate with our team by going out for a meal someplace to say... "Job well done!".  This time around, the manager of the area we helped wanted to take us out to Ming's Bistro to thank us.  He is a regular customer of Mings and wanted to show us the wonders of Vietnamese cooking. We arrived at 11 am on a Sunday morning and the place was very busy!  We got a table and soon after being seated, every table in the place was full and they had a line waiting  outside!  The decor is not fancy... just a large room with simple pictures on the walls but I was not here for the decor... I was here for the dim sum!  Our host is part Vietnamese so he grew up with these dishes and he ordered for the four of us. As they brought around the trolly and opened up each tin, he would pick the ones he wanted us to try.  Soon our table was full with little silver tins of Dim Sum... each one looking more interesting than the next.  I don't remember them all but I remember having the following... Shrimp Dumplings, Fried Calamari, Sauteed Gai Lan, Siu Mai, Har Gow, Shrimp Rice Paste, Shrimp Balls, Fried Crab Fingers, Beef in pastry and Beef Tripe in Ginger Sauce!  They had to roll me out... After reading many of the reviews, I can see how some were bad and some are good but for me this day, I enjoyed the food and it all tasted fine to me but then again this was the first time for me so I don't have anything else to compare it to.  Like many said, the service was not what you would expect... most of the ladies working there were not smiling, but they did answer our questions and kept the food coming.  They did seem to know our host so maybe that is why we got better service but I think it is just their way of  doing business... We are so used to being catered to all the time in American places that when it does not happen, we get put off by it.  I believe it to be a cultural difference and not really them purposely being mean.   Its not Disney ya know....The place was clean but again, not what many would consider spotless.  If I saw visible signs of dirt or bugs, I would be put off by it but it seemed okay for me.  Atmosphere = 5Food = 9Service = 7All in all, we had a good celebration.  I left with a very full belly!  Now that I know what all of the food looks like and how to ask for it, I think I will have to visit them again.  Enjoy!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/20/2012,192,58,5,5,2>Ok. I'm finally reviewing the place I live a mile away from and have a secret (not anymore) addiction to. Coffee. Bagels. Pastries. Cream cheese. All the yums in the hole bagel world. If you're on a diet I wouldn't suggest here. Go to first watch. I've ordered the skinny turkey avocado before while I was trying to watch my weight and it was GINORMOUS! Of course I said "I'll just eat half" but it was really good and my tummy won out over the diet. You can't fight bagel king once you're inside.If you're not on a diet... order anything. Anything at all. You won't be disappointed. Their everything bagels are my fav. Their bruschetta cream cheese is really really good, I've bought a tub before and gone home and cooked with it, totally recommended. One warning: Sunday brunch time is a complete shit show...like line out the door and around the block. Go on a weekday or be an early bird whilst you will be waiting.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,11/19/2012,266,54,4,5,3>I love this place!!!!!! I have to tell you, I hate the GYM! Like so many, I've joined and quit, joined and quit...Gym after gym throughout the years. Recently I realized and simply owned the fact that I am bored with all the traditional gym offers and represents. (Treadmill hampster feeling, urgh!)ENTER ALLURE DANCE STUDIO FOR WOMEN!! I have been saved from the certain destiny that was before me....overweight!! At Allure I am able to shimmy, squat, dance and roll my way to the best body ever!! The classes are amazing and you get to choose from a large selection. Whatever you like...it's there! Belly Dancing, Pole Dancing....TAKE A POLE CLASS, you will have a new found respect for strippers! LOL! The class is challenging and will give you a MAJOR workout...full body workout at that! My arms are crying out for help and clapping from excitement of knowing how awesome they will look in a tank top this summer"-) Catch one of Allison's classes if you can...she is my favorite"-) But all the instructors are really good"-)I am a huge fan of EVA'S ZUMBA CLASSES!!! That woman is a beast! She knows her latin moves and will help Zumba your butt to new levels of fitness....all while having a blast! The music is great and the cardio will have you sweating real good! Burning Calories important? Take her Zumba class!! I just became a member 3 weeks ago and you can tell I am a big FAN. I've never looked forward to working out until now...I can't wait for my classes. I take one (or sometimes two in a day) at least 4-5 times a week because they work and they are FUN! Cute place also....very girly"-) Give them a call or come by and check it out!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,11/18/2012,73,30,3,3,2>A month or so ago I finished my trek to find Orlando's Best Philly Cheesesteaks.  LaSpada's Reigns Supreme.  Vastly outshining Briantos (which will get you by in a pinch if your jonesing  for a cheesesteak).I ordered the MEGA 12" Cheesesteak with Double Cheese.  Good Call on the Double Cheese, Bad call on the 12 Incher.  I barely finished the 6 inches when I had to throw in the towel.  This MOTHER EFFER was HUGE and OVERSTUFFED.  Insert mischevious big ass GRIN here.  Ladies and Gentleman thats how a Cheesesteak is meant to be.  Overflowing with Cheesesteak goodness.I'd love to write more, but Damn, I think I gotto go drive across town and get me a cheese steak right now.RATED BEST IN FLORIDA (so far) BY YOURS TRUELY.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,11/17/2012,22,160,,4,2>Fan-flippin-tastic!!! Omergerd!  I ordered the Eggplant Parmesan Sub.. the big 12 incher and while I was unable to eat it in one sitting I was grateful for its complete and total awesomeness.This has seriously got to be the most deliciously eggplant sub I have ever had!!!  And they deliver!!! Yes multiple exclamation points to show the love I have for their food!! Yay!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,11/16/2012,59,83,,6,1>Whoa! The menu is huge and I had a hard time making a selection.  A good problem to have... gives me plenty of reasons to return.We had the standard 1 liter serving of beer ($11). An excellent dopplebock - Weihenstephaner Vitus paired well with my meal. It was light and medium bodied but it packs a punch at 7.7% ABV.  They rotate the beers, but they are sure to have quality at all times.  Sat at the bar and we got healthy samples before picking our liter of bier.I couldn't decide between Der Wanderer and Curry Wurst so the bartender threw in a half portion of curry wurst on the house.  Der Wanderer is a dish I chose based on a passing server's recommendation - warm boloney 2 potato pancakes and 2 sunny side up eggs... great combo.  The curry wurst was good, sausage was of great quality, however the sauce lacked seasoning - perhaps toned down for American tastebuds.Local gem!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,11/15/2012,177,70,2,5,1>From the outside this place is not much to look at, but once inside you are in for a treat. This place is a has a pretty good food for a buffet. Typical buffet food can be found here and they even have a habachi grill, where you can get full steaks grilled to order.  The sushi bar is nice and fresh and if you want something that's not there, just ask for it to be made.  But the one thing that got me and the hubs was the soup bar.  I love making fresh soup.  And this place allowed me to do it.The restaurant it'self is very open, and very clean.  The bathrooms are also well kept and fully stocked.  Being that it's new, everything is really nice from food to atmosphere.  Hopefully it stays this way.  This is definitely my new go-to asian buffet.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/14/2012,222,330,,6,3>OK, I feel like small business owners are guilty of giving lofty often misleading names to their businesses. I get it, it's chic and trendy to call yourself a Shoppe or a Boutique or a Pâtisserie. If you're familiar with beer gardens you'll know that Imperial doesn't really fit the bill and the cutesy tiny patio in the back doesn't count.With that said, I absolutely love the interior! They basically decided to utilize all the bad-ass furniture from the eclectic (albeit overpriced) furniture store next door and it really looks fantastic. I love the atmosphere, I love the look!The crowd is diverse and the energy is relaxed. I love the bluesy, rustic live music that a guitarist started to play.The casual almost grungy element that you'd usually experience from a traditional beer garden is lost here - however, Imperial has a rustic but elevated bar experience and the great tables and chairs would make for great beer + board game/trivia nights.Aside from a meat and cheese plate, there is no food served but a food truck tends to turn up out front. I asked the bartender if I could bring in outside food (the way Orlando Brewing allows) but they don't allow anything other than whatever food truck is parked outside. Somewhat off-putting, but I'll take it.Overall, a great experience!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/26/2013,359,280,2,4,5>Monkey bar is Wallstreet's hidden upstairs bar right on top of WaiTiki. Personally I like coming here for the mellow vibe to get away from all of Wallstreet's loconess. You can get here by going up the right staircase in WaiTiki. No cover along with hefty drink specials such as $5 hurricanes if that's your kinda party. This lounge type bar has comfy retro couches along along with risque paintings of burlesque monkeys lol (whatever to represent the name.) The music that gets played here is techno, dubstep, top 40, and a few old school tracks but nobody really dances it's just really chill.This is the one place in Wallstreet where you would not witness anybody throwing up on themselves or dancing bumping into people. That craziness goes elsewhere lol keep it fancy and relax in Monkey bar.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/25/2013,19,108,3,6,3>We've NEVER had a bad experience! Now, I don't think I can say that about any other place. We have been going since it opened as we can walk or bike here when weather permits. The quiche IS incredible but my favorite indulgence is the Le Parisien (brie, butter, & tomatoes on baguette hot) Yeah - it's a rare treat but it is SO good! They do nice soups but run out so don't go with your heart set on it. I've never had anything bad though of course I have my preferences. It's a great place to call in a breakfast order rather than suffer a fast food experience if you're on the go. The coffee is delicious! It is equally a great place to sip wine outside and enjoy a relaxing evening.The owners are LOVELY and work very hard. I hope soon they can hire help and open on Sunday - I think Sunday brunch alone would be worth it! They are expanding into the space next door which also adds more outdoor seating.NOTE: you need to order at the counter. Though there is a very clear sign in the window informing patrons of this I have, more than once, heard people grumble "when are they going to take our order?" once that happened right under the sign! Come on people!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,7/24/2013,79,71,,4,3>I have always wanted to try this place  and finally got the chance while working in WP. Of course this place is really tiny! They had quite a few people waiting when I walked in, however they did get their food pretty quick so it cleared out fast.I ordered the Black beans and rice and the Pan Con Lechon sandwich, which is a pork sandwich. The beans and rice were awesome, I loved them! The sandwich was good, however a little dry for my taste. The flavor was really good. It says that they drizzle garlic mojo on it, just not enough for me. Maybe the next time, I will ask for some of that sauce on the side or maybe ask for mayo or something to give it some wetness!All in all, excellent choice for lunch that day!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/23/2013,86,62,14,20,18>Good news, everyone! The perfect place to hang out, grab a drink, and talk about random fandom is here! Do you frequently find yourself in debates about which super characters would win in a fight? Do you prefer video and board games to sports and dancing? Do you collect spores, molds, and fungus? Well, pull up a chair! The Geek Easy exists in a parallel universe, and to find it you'll need to enter "A Comic Shop", take approximately 30 steps forward, spin around clockwise 1.75 times, and walk forward. You may not need the witching cloak to get there, but it's still a magical place.There's a lot to cover, and only 5,000 characters to do it, so let's get started.To eat, you'll find a selection of slightly random foods, all reasonably priced. The GE is NOT a restaurant, so don't judge it as such. They have a teeny, tiny "kitchen" so you need to think more along the lines of college hang out grub. Options include a cheeseburger or personal pizza ($3) hot dog ($1), grilled cheese ($1.50), bowl of easy mac n' cheese, or cup o' noodle ($2 each). They also have upgraded versions of some items, like a mac n' cheese burger or "fancy" grilled cheeses cos-played up in the stylings of pizza, Mexican, Philly, or Cuban. You'll even find an assortment of chips, candy, and other snacks, like Pocky, Tastykake, and Slim Jims. It's a shame there are no Chocos for any passing by Martians.The kitchen is so small that some items can only be made one or two at a time, so occasionally you'll be added to a queue. Luckily, time moves by fast there (ok, not speed force fast, but fast), so it's not a big deal. Still, don't go for a meal with a group of people and expect to all get your food at once.Want a drink? I love the root beer on tap, but there are plenty of other wet options. Butterscotch beer, crème soda, orange soda, YooHoo, Ramune... It's sugary drink heaven, but coffee drinkers are covered too.Looking for something stronger? While you won't find any Mudder's Milk, you do have options! They have 5 beers and 1 cider on tap, along with a handful or bottles, including sake. With cider drinkers growing more common, I'm hopeful more options will come. They reserve 2 taps for local brews, and can be spotted polling their Facebook fans for suggestions. Beer and cider prices range from $1.50-$5.50, with the average falling at $3. Sake you can order by the glass or bottle. Personally I avoid the beer and sake since it all tastes purple to me.Anytime they are open you can catch something fun on TV. Justice League, Batman, Archer, Sherlock... Not once have I been there and not been drawn in by what was playing.Ever see a man say goodbye to a shoe? For $9.95 per month (or $24.95 for 3 months) you can purchase a membership for a bunch of extras. My favorite perk of membership is access to their trade library. With access to their library, read as much as you want while there, and when you're ready to retire, check out a book to take with you. For this feature alone I can be found at the GE a few times per week swapping out trades.In one corner you'll find a big TV, probably like what you grew up with in the 80's. This is hooked up to an old school NES, ready to kick your dick with 8-bit glory. For modern games, the TV's on the wall are jacked into XBOX 360's and PS3's. Members have access to play any of their video or board games, along with get to leech off their wi-fi network.Like artsy-fartsy shit? All sorts of geeky art things adorn the walls, all for sale, all of which is submitted by local artists. I've seen more than a few stellar pieces since I've been visiting. The bar top is plastered with clippings from comics and magazines, and the light fixtures include question blocks and pokeballs. It's the details that matter and you can tell that this place was put together with love.While it was on, each Sunday night I would go to the GE where they held a members only viewing of The Walking Dead. Now, they've moved onto showing Game of Thrones. In this case, there's the bonus of not having to pay for HBO, but getting all of that sweet, sweet George RR Martin fun.Follow the GE on Facebook to keep track of their events, with the majority of them being open to the public, no membership required. They are doing geek trivia on select Tuesday nights, and have started open mic, comedy shows (comics and comics), and themed parties. There's even the occasional video game tournament with super cheap entry. From what I've seen, a few other groups hold events there too, including a night dedicated to Anime.The Geek Easy may not be for everybody, but for those that it is, it's a fantastic place to be yourself. The staff (including everyone in A Comic Shop) are all incredibly friendly and welcoming, making it that much more enjoyable to be there. Note: Dodongo dislikes smoke, so you'll have to take it outside.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,7/22/2013,206,163,,4,3>Who doesn't love breakfast...I mean, like really LOVE breakfast? I like breakfast for breakfast, I like to call it brunch when I'm fancy pantsy, I like it at lunch time, dinner time, and for the times when I'm in my, "what should I eat after cocktails before I go home" time. Luckily for me, I arrived 30 min prior to closing time. They are open for breakfast and lunch only. (Weekends they are open from 7a-3:30p...this is so SAD!! I really wish they would be open longer....but I understand the whole concept of supply and demand...and labor costs...and needing to make money so you can actually stay open and in business.....FINE Peach Valley, I will get up in the morning just for you...*said in best pouty-smiley voice*)Their stuffed french toast with their own blueberry syrup was AMAZING! Two slices of texas toast, dipped, fried and bonded together by bananas, strawberries and cream cheese smothered in their blueberry syrup...that's right...cream cheese filling...this is exactly what I needed for my sweet tooth. I also had the Eggs Benedict on a Croissant. 2 paoched eggs, asparagus, tomatoes and hollandaise sauce in the middle of a light, buttery and flaky croissant. Tasted very light and fresh. Served with a side of seasoned potatoes to sop up the sauce and some fresh fruit....I couldn't be any happier. Finally, I finished off with dessert. If you're coming to a restaurant that has "Peach" in the name, you might as well order the Peach Cobbler, right?! INDEED!! I got the peach cobbler a-la-mode and couldn't help but scrape the sides of the bowl from all of the deliciousness. Can't wait to go back and try some more :)
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,7/21/2013,8,79,,6,4>We stopped over just before closing on a weeknight. What a pleasant surprise!  Lu Lu's Ice Cream Shop was great.  First, we were greeted by Lu Lu herself, who must be the daughter of the owner. Simply delightful  After chatting with Lu Lu, I'm not sure I even cared about the ice cream, as the chat was quite a treat.'The Ice cream delivered!  I went with the double scoop which was HUGE.  Had to do the double a I could not pick just ONE flavor.  I had the chocolate peanut butter and the Birthday cake.  Birthday cake was hands down the winner.  Warning - it was really really sweet, but quite a celebration.My husband enjoyed a chocolate malt.  The ice cream is very rich and tastes like it has a high cream content.  It's all good!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,7/20/2013,56,122,8,13,9>These are some of the nicest people around. I have never left my dog with anyone. When I fly somewhere, he is right there on the plane with me. Unfortunately, this was one place he could not go.I went out of town for 4 days and I went by to talk to them. The gave me the run down on what they do and how well he would be treated. I however had every question under the sun for them (since I have never left him with anyone).I had to fill out paperwork on him, and provide a copy of his shot records to show that he was up to date. When I dropped him off I was sad, but they assured me everything was okay. Along with him came his bags that I packed. He had food, treats, toys, brush, his crate and everything was in their own individual ziplock bag with instructions written on them. I even took the time to write them a 2 page paper on him to let them know who my dog was, what makes him happy, what scares him, what he sleeps with and etc. My boyfriend said that was a little overboard and called my informative paper a dissertation (ha, whatever).I may have been detailed, but they appreciated it. They said some people just drop their dogs off and have no instruction on when to feed their dogs or what time of day. I love my little guy to death and I just wanted to make sure that he would feel right at home.To make me feel at peace about my dog, they told me that they have a webcam that you can access online and watch your pet during the hours they are open. That was exactly what I did. I got to see what my dog what up to everyday. He was having a blast! Also, I called to check on him to make sure he was okay. These people go the extra mile to make sure you are okay with leaving your dog with them.When I went to pick him up, they told me he made friends with a bulldog named Ralph (lol). They also complimented his great behavior and said he was a great helper too (lol). Once I got him in the car, he fell fast asleep. I carried him in the house and he was out like a light the rest of the night. A job well done....Tips:- You get a free 4 hour trial to see how your dog likes it there- I bought my dog's crate and I didn't have to rent one so it was only $25 a night- If your dog doesn't sleep in a crate they have rooms starting at $30 dollars and they go up to $80 dollars a night- They give a discount if you bring 2 pets
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,7/19/2013,148,339,3,8,6>This is one of the best places in Orlando when you just want to have a relaxing evening with friends while enjoying delicious wine or beer. Their outdoor patio allows you to soak in the gorgeous Florida weather. And both outside and inside are filled with an eclectic collection of furniture that are always too expensive for me even though I want to take many of them home with me.It has never been all too crowded while I'm here, which is great so you don't have to deal with too many drunk crazies. The bartenders are also knowledgeable and mostly friendly. If you have questions or unsure of which to try, just let them know what you usually like, and they'll gladly provide suggestions.Music is not overwhelming, so you can actually have a conversation. Smoking is not allowed inside, so you don't have to shorten your life from the second hand. There is often a food truck outside in case you need some food to soak up the alcohol you've been drinking.It's a great place for a date, but it's also a great place for a group of friends. I love it!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/18/2013,1539,171,1,8,6>This restaurant is located in a strip center on the corner of Whispering Lakes Blvd and South Orange Blossom Trail. It is in the Hunter's Creek area.  We went with friends and they suggested this place.  I never knew it existed.  It is a little hole in the wall place with maybe 20 tables.  It servers Chinese, Pakistani , and Indian food.. They use Halal meats.  I can only speak to the Chinese food.We ate family style, which  is a great way to do it because I got to try 5 or 6 different dishes.  Their specialty dish is the crispy chicken and I can tell you there is a reason for this.  It is spectacular. It had the perfect crispiness followed by a flavor explosion. We tried the Garlic Chicken, Cashew Chicken, Mananchurian Beef, Mandarin Beef, and the Kung Pao Chicken.  Every dish had it's own distinct flavor and was delicious.  I have been to far too may Chinese restaurants where the same sauce is used in most if not all of the dishes.  There service there is very slow.  We ordered tea after diner and waited almost a half hour for it.  Bottom line:  Great food and prices. (does the rest matter?) Nice portion sizes. Slow service and not much for atmosphere.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,7/17/2013,72,131,3,16,4>The Harp is a step above most bars downtown. You won't find annoying DJ's and people doing body-shots off the bartender. They promote a more laid back atmosphere, which is refreshing for a place downtown. It also happens to be one of the only bars downtown that are open for lunch. The owners of this place went to great lengths to ensure its "authenticity" and their attention to detail is apparent as soon as you walk in. The place is covered in old wood and brass with very few neon signs. The wood from the bar was pulled out of the old Mulvaney's Irish Pub on Church Street and dates back to the 1920's. For most communities this wouldn't be considered old but for Orlando it's downright historic.The Harp and Celt are actually two different places. The Harp is the pub and the Celt is a "white tablecloth" restaurant. I've never eaten at the Celt but I've had food at the Harp and it is definitely above par compared to other offerings in the area. The prices are on the high side but you get good quality in return. The Harp is a non-smoking establishment, which is also a nice touch. The bartender told me that Mayor Dyer brought President Obama in there a couple of years ago. I think it says a lot about the place that Dyer thought enough of the pub to actually take the president there for lunch!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,6/17/2010,334,174,7,10,6>It has been a long time since I've played laser tag and man, it has come A LONG way.  Hard Knocks is located in a commercial building and I had a little bit of trouble finding it (tiny signs) but once inside I was thoroughly impressed.Not only do they offer two rooms for "combat", they offer state of the art guns (as heavy as the real thing) and amazing props once inside.  You're asked to provide a gamer tag (mine is Keens) and you're instructed to watch a video on how the game is played.  An added bonus for the guys is that the "regulators" are blonds wearing tight clothing.  I had to practically lift my boyfriends jaw off the ground after having watched it several times.I'm not sure how regular game time is played because I went there for a birthday party.  We got about an hour of game play with each game lasting 10 minutes.  The games consisted of team 1 vs. team 2, a special birthday game, a game about defusing a bomb, and then a free for all.  The levels are really done well.  One is the office in which you run around cubicles, fake plants, etc. I'm almost convinced the furniture was there previously but I still found it neat.  The second one is in a warehouse setting with random boxes and such.  One thing I would recommend is wearing athletic clothing (duh?) because you will sweat, especially if you're playing along side a bunch of 10 year olds.  The main lobby is pretty interesting if you're not into playing laser tag or you're waiting on your kids to finish playing.  They offer xbox areas with all the games and also a bunch of PCs if you're more of a PC gamer.The only complaint that I'd have is with the staff.  We came with a group of 7 and apparently the game had ended. However, I was in an awesome hiding spot I couldn't hear them call it.  In previous levels they used a microphone but I guess this time they just called it out.  What ended up happening? I was wondering around the level thinking we were still playing... pretty embarrassing since there are TVs in the main lobby.  I guess it's hard to count 7 people? Or notice that there's a vest/gun missing from the rack?  Oh well, it didn't ruin the fun.Would I go back? Absolutely! But probably with people my own age - 10 year olds are just way too good at this!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,6/16/2010,293,472,2,14,5>Just north of 50(colonial) on mills.This place is a lot bigger than I expected and very clean.There is a large deli case with all kinds of cured meats, fish, cheese and another for desserts.They also have a regular grocery type store with all kinds of Russian and eastern European ingredients, strange wines and beers, Fish, Caviar, pickled vegetables, lots of weird and wild stuff.I was surprised that they don't make sandwiches; I think they'd get a lot of business if they did.The lady there was nice enough, but in a short way, she seemed to have trouble understanding me I'd have to say about everything twice, must be my "southern accent".They have 3 tables where you can sit and eat and admire the deli and dessert case.I ordered a piroshky and another perogi type thing. The latter was filled with a potato paste and was decent like a giant wonton but it was a bit chewy. The piroshky was like a croissant type pastry filled with little chunks of beef, it was very good and the prices were ridiculously cheap, like a dollar or so. They had a lot of variations on these types of foods and they will heat them up for you. Make sure you ask for some sour cream or something to dip them in. This same case had other things like potato salad, peppers in a tomato sauce, a strange looking stroganoff.They also have a variety of cakes, I tried one and it was like a softer biscotti but with some really flavorful layers. It had peanuts and chocolate on top, this was more expensive about $4.95 but it was a huge piece. I couldn't even finish it.If all that wasn't enough at the front counter they have a bunch of different chocolate bars, milk, dark, nutty and a bunch of gift box collections like the kind you get at Christmas or Valentines day.Orlando needs places like this, especially centrally located ones. Go support them, expand your horizons help our fair city become truly multi cultural.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,6/15/2010,631,1145,3,6,4>Kobe is someplace you go on someones birthday (because they get $15 off their meal), for a cheesy show, AND that yummy white sauce. It's a fun place for a group and definitely has it's place, but is not a romantic date destination! I much prefer this Kobe to the one in Altamonte on 436. Both are crowded but this location seems a little less so. This location is also newer, slightly smaller but is much more modern and chic. They still have the koi pond but it is indoor and sits below a neat wall waterfall. The food is obviously fresh, and cooked to order. I really like the veggies and skip on the rice and ask for extra noodles. And of course, extra white sauce! Go early for happy hour (BOGO Bud draft) and discounted meals. I ordered the shrimp and chicken which was only $14 and ended up being so much food I took half home. The show is definitely cheesy and peppered with lousy jokes but the kids love it; as long as they aren't afraid of a little fire...
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,6/14/2010,106,22,6,11,9>Officially a Pomaddict! Man I feel it is my duty..neigh...privilege to be able to write the first review of the new location.Finally, Pom Pom's has expanded and opened their doors across from the UCF Campus...glorious. So not only are you minutes away from me, but now you are next to Library which means I can just stumble over from late night drinking to my favorite joint? It's like you really know me!But I digress...I stopped by Pom's a bit after their grand opening and well I have to say I do miss the hole-in-the-wall charm of the Bumby location just a tad:) But thankfully there is far more seating and lots of room around the bar, but alas there is no couch and not much art work up as of yet. All in all the opening ran smoothly though! They didn't have the cupcakes in stock right now, and they had run out of the herb vinaigrette, and they had a server who I think it was her first time ever, but really it's just such an enjoyable place to be regardless.Seasonal Berry Melt + Smoked Salmon, Seasonal Berry Salad + Salmon & Tuna, Honey Mustard Dressing, Lemon Caper Aioli, Creamy Basil Dressing, Triple Berry Passionfruit Sweetened Iced TeaOfTheDayCan we say uber drool? Oh yes we can!Oh, and dessert was Banana Butterscotch Bread Pudding drizzled with Caramel...WHAAAAT?? Ah damn you dairy allergy!Kickers: Eclectic, great location, perfect for the college crowd (whereas Bumby location is perfect for the art district of dowtown!), amazing food, plenty of seating and parking now, better hours than the downtown district on Monday/Tuesday/Sunday!!Fails: They don't give enough lemon caper aioli, new items aren't on the menu yet, too many good items that I can't eat b/c they have milk or cheese and they taunt me with their inevitable amazingness, no breakfast menu right now, not yet open 24 hours on weekend. Diamondism: So good I wish I had a little Pom's in my own home. Certainly hope that the new location will be appreciated as much by the UCF kids and that they'll have a DJ on Saturdays too!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,6/13/2010,1408,1403,,6,4>This review is for the takeout, thin crust pizza. They make a very nice pizza, it is a clear and definite improvement over all the chain delivery places. Nice thin crispy crust, tasty homemade sauce and fresh ingedients. I have been looking fo a place like this for quite some time and am happy to have found it.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,6/12/2010,10,45,2,6,4>Great pizza at a great price!  This is another great family owned restaurant with a huge menu of really good food.  Subs are okay, but their pizza is incredible.  If your a garlic fan, their garlic knots will absolutely not disappoint :)
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,6/11/2010,19,45,,5,1>If you're looking for a nice relaxing evening out in Orlando, I would pick Ember any day of the week.  Not only for the Wednesday Winesday specials, which is $20 for all you can drink wine and your choice of an appetizer or select flatbread (seafood excluded), but they have After Dark specials which include deals on Michelob ULtra, Yuengling, and Van Gogh vodkas. It is by far my favorite bar in Orlando. Not much if you're looking to dance, but a great environment with both an indoor and an outdoor seating area, mulitple TVs which usually showcase some type of sports game, and the occasional live music. When there is cover, its usually $5, but weeknights there is no cover, and they offer cover specials from time to time too. A $5 parking garage is directly accross the street at the Wachovia building, but its also close enough to the on street free parking on Central and Rosalind to walk. Great for locals and tourists alike!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,6/9/2010,18,121,1,9,4>Worth driving out of your way for...Where to start...  AMAZING gracious service.  You can tell he is the owner by how much he cares about his guests.  Limited menu of sandwiches, salads and quiches but everything we tried was perfect.  The croque monsieur sandwich was just how I remember it tasting in Paris.  The vegetarian panini with mozzarella, pesto and tomatoes was better than any panini I have had in Italy and the salad was huge with large chunks of REAL mozzarella. I also liked the fact that we were the only one there NOT speaking French... it made it seem a bit more realistic.  Nice area to sit outside of the weather is good and a limited amount of seating inside.  They also have a limited pastry menu and gelato.Go. Go. GO.  It is worth your time and a gem in this area.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,6/8/2010,58,24,2,12,7>I stumbled upon the Willow Tree a good 4-5 years back when in Sanford for Oktoberfest. That time we just had some beer and spaetzel but it was so great we had to go back.We make it up there every couple months for great food and awesome beer!The staff is knowledgeable. Theo, the owner, comes around and talks with everyone, a rarity these days. The beer selection is not the usual and that's so refreshing!The atmosphere is relaxed. I've been to Europe once and a major difference I noted there was that the servers didn't bother you every 2 minutes as they do here. Maybe that's what some other reviewers have felt at Willow Tree but I enjoy that I can get my server when I need him or her, they are always in sight, but they aren't hovering over you and asking how you are with every bite you put in your mouth.Willow Tree has great food, great drinks, an incredible fun family atmosphere. My little girl loves to run and dance to the live music playing and we love to chat and laugh with our friends. The Willow Tree is a family favorite for us!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,6/7/2010,152,101,3,5,4>I've been going here for about 7 years now and they always have consistently, good food.They have my favorite crab rangoons anywhere in Florida and they're also one of my favorite happy hour spots.  From 5:30 to 7 its $2 and $3 Nigiri and Sashimi, $3 and $5 rolls, and $3 Kirin Ichibans, small sake, and saketinis!!!!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/20/2014,110,189,3,7,5>Wow...I just saw part 1 and 2 of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby  on Saturday....and wow, was it an amazing performance!!Each part was about 3 hours each, with 1 intermission for the first and 2 for the second. You had to buy tickets separately for each, and we decided to purchased the dinner package, which included dinner at White Wolf Cafe plus the 2 tickets. I was hesitant to see both parts on the same day, especially since we were basically spending half our day at the Theater. It was was well worth it!In between each part, there were about 2 hours to spare for the dinner. I thought I'd be tired after the first 3 hours, but I could not wait to finish dinner and get to the second part, which was just as good, if not better.Everything was perfect, from the set design, to the costumes, to their English accents. They kept us laughing, crying and cheering.If I had to compare this to a Broadway style play at say Bob Carr or even Broadway itself, I'd say this blows most of them away. Not only the play itself, but I feel there is a different class of people and atmosphere here that makes it more inviting....if that makes any sense.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/19/2014,85,232,3,8,4>RIBS- love a dry rub with true BBQ sauce choices on your table. Tender fall off the bone good too. Wash your hands first as you will be lickn' em off gud.Their fried okra we were told (from a v. reliable source) is still in the "tweaking" stage of development. For me the twice dipped battered okra was a little too much battering. Come on, thick fried breadings are for people afraid they may taste okra! ; ) I found their romelade dipping sauce a good adder for all that bread'n. LOL!The fried green tomatoes were expertly breaded ; ) and a good crunchy. Again, their romelade dipping sauce was a plus.The collards are just RIGHT. Not sweetened or overly vinegary. A damn good 1st choice side!!Had a pinch of the pulled pork, and it is divine goodness too. Good pork flavor. Yeah, could taste pork- how about that!??Bigarse 14 oz craft beer for $4 was a good value IMO.To top off the positive food experience we were having, the employees are some of the best ambassadors a restaurant could ask for. Sincerely friendly, genuine and perky. Kinda like the all the clever sayings posted all around the place. (Like: "Low cut blouses are looked down upon around here".)Loo review- five stars that also left me with a saying I'll not soon forget:"Changing the toilet tissue does NOT cause brain cancer".Okay, So I can easily be entertained at times! Give this one a try, just try and arrive after me!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/18/2014,73,51,3,5,3>First off, this is such a fun experience. I've been to Noodles and Rice twice now (ha ha,  so rhymey!) and both times have been great. I highly recommend you sit at a hot pot table and go through the entire experience. You can order stuff off the regular menu along with your hot pot if you wish to do so. (Although, be warned.. even though its essentially soup, its a LOT of food) We started with the curry samosa wontons because lets be honest... I am a SUCKER for Indian food. I friggin love it, and even though this isn't an Indian restaurant, I couldn't pass it up. Eh... They were alright... they mostly tasted like a fried wonton, didn't have a ton of that good samosa flavor you would be expecting and they were very small. I didn't dislike them by any means, I just probably would try something else next time because they didn't excite me.For the hot pot, you first choose your broth. You can split the pot but we decided to keep it as one because my bf and I usually are on the same page with things we want to eat and I could guarantee that we would probably make the exact same pot. (Either that or he just lets me get my way all the time, which is probably the likely answer.. but I digress) One piece of advice that I learned the hard way the first time I visited: if you and your dining partner both want the same ingredient, theres NO need to order one for each of you. If you order one thing of bok choy, I promise it will be enough for 2 pots... unless of course you want a crazy amount. (which, for me, is tomatoes. gimme ALLLL the tomatoes) Anyways, we ordered the Thai broth which has hints of lemongrass, somewhat sour and definitely is spicy (which I love)... its SO good. They also have a condiment bar in the back of the restaurant where you can tailor your pot to your needs. I HIGHLY recommend adding Korean chili paste because its delightful. They even have salted cabbage (!!!) which adds a wonderful unique flavor. We did the ramen noodles and a bunch of veggies. For the meats, we did the sliced ribeye (which I would probably skip next time, as its hard not to overcook it doing a hot pot) and the pork wontons which came out frozen, so I immediately was skeptical... however, they were SO amazing and flavorful that I could care less about the frozen state of them. The best thing about this type of meal is that you can make it exactly how you want it and its a fun experience for a night out with friends or a date night. Oh, and for dessert, you can order boba tea or frozen treats from their sister restaurant Bubbles and Ice! The only negative is that the hot pot gets expensive FAST. How the f^#*$ did we spend $30 on a pot of soup?! But we did have leftovers for days.... and it was delicious.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/17/2014,47,83,3,6,3>Fellow Yelpers,After a definite miss for a Valentine's Day dinner, Cask & Larder more than made up for it.  Located a few blocks from the hub of the Winter Park bourgeois is this charming restaurant.  It had been on my epicurean sonar for quite some time running silent, until my necessity to sate my appetite for great food sent a single ping and this establishment responded back in kind. Be attentive when looking for this spot as it is a free standing building that can be a bit tough to see due to its muted signage at night.  There is a private lot to serve its patrons with complimentary valet service.  The restaurant does 'psych' you out initially by having a large arrow pointing to another entrance hanging at the double doors which face the lot and sit right under the awning with the name "Cask & Larder."A cute little 'bush' garden (no Tampa theme park pun intended) runs around the building until you arrive at the 'real' entrance.  The interior is split into two sections; bar and main dining room.  From the looks of it there is also an available private area that fits within the confines of its brewery section, where one can dine while surrounded by 'wanna-be' Wizard of Oz tin-man look-a-likes that instead of looking for a heart, they just brew you some beer, fooled once more by the charlatan, Oz.The bar area is spacious and accommodative with high tops, booths, and seating is available at the bar itself (see my pictures).  Unique specialty drink options are available here that you may only find in select bars scattered around town.  Should one choose to do so, they may opt to dine in the bar area instead of waiting for a table in the main dining area.  If you're lucky enough you may be able to get yourself a nice little romantic round table by the front windows.The main dining area is well lit and set up.  Not dim to the point of needing night vision goggles, or looking like they are a few months behind on their power bills.  It is decorated much like I would envision a farmer's market should one ever be assembled into a restaurant.  The server although a bit overbearing in letting us know what she enjoyed the most, was courteous and did a fine job.  There is a large board mounted on the wall near the kitchen area which lists the fresh options of the day, you know, that fancy fish that flew in first class, up in the sky, pop the champagne, living the life in the fast lane...wow, I'm going to stop here.  You get the idea.I'm a big fan of their 'quality over quantity' menu; unlike the T.G.I.Friday's bible that comes with a study guide to help you find and select your entrée.  Creative divine choices are available to please your palates.   One tip:  since these are specialty dishes with unique pairings, substitutions are hard to come by with regard to sides and garnishes.In my pictures you will see my plate of choice, the Veal Brisket accompanied with potato gratin, an apple-brussel slaw garnish, and jus.  The protein's taste was fantastic and the texture was soft like a recently 'snuggle' washed towel.  I was not a big fan of the amount of under cooked fat, but since it is an imperative part of the overall flavor, I quickly overlooked it.  The potato was so good it could pass for a faux mozzarella stick that just left a fancy cocktail party.  I'm no fan of any slaw, but this one was on my 'edible' list, so a definite plus.Desserts were also ordered and much to our financial contentment, they were graciously covered by management due to our long period of time waiting for them to come out, almost as long as Ricky Martin.  The S'more Pie (see my picture) was an amazing combination of flavors, as if a campfire memory had suddenly bonded with a formal event and an episode of Top Chef focused on desserts and this was the result.Overall, this ranks up there with The Ravenous Pig (see my review) as one of the gems in the area I've come to affectively call SOPA; south of Park.  Go here and definitely check them out!!Cheers!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/16/2014,86,62,16,15,10>6/21/2011 - The date I added Donut King to my Yelp bookmarks. I was always a little concerned if I loved them, I would want to make that drive often. Do you know what's better than driving long distances? Everything. Well, my everything is here.I excitedly read about the opening of this new location while at work, within an hour, I had a message from my wife that she also heard the news, but better yet, that she would be going that afternoon. Soon after, she sends a photo of a large donut box nuzzled safely in her car seat, heading home to await meeting my stomach. Yay!But what did she get? "Spoilers", I told myself, in my best River Song voice. Once home, I looked to see how much damage would be done... Five donuts? That's rubbish! That's madness! That's... OK, so she probably doesn't want me to die. That's fair.There was a glazed original (there were two, but she ate one), two old-fashioned (sour-cream donut), a blueberry cake donut, and something covered with dirt. (it turned out to be Crunch bar)I tried the old-fashioned first, since it's one of my favorite donuts, and that beauty did not disappoint. After one bite, I put it down, wanting to save that treasure for later, so I slaughtered the glazed.The glazed was wonderful, but the old-fashioned was nearly perfect. Sour cream-style donuts are a very different beast, but for fellow fans of them, Donut King's are hard to beat. It turned out to be good the miss only picked up six magic circles, because a lack of self-control would have meant punishment for my stomach later. Oh-She very much enjoyed her blueberry and dirt donut, but this is my review, not hers!The next morning, I decided to pick up donuts for the office. Of course, I just wanted more, but that made me feel a little better about myself.When I arrived, I drooled over the cases, all jam packed with a huge variety of goodies. For my dozen I only chose a few kinds, so people at the office did not have pitch forks out at each other fighting over donuts. I admit, the temptation was there to watch as my office devolved into the Thunderdome, with fights over different flavors. "Us suffer bad. Want donuts. We want Thunderdome!"To fill out my dozen, I did a mix of glazed, old-fashioned, red velvet, and red velvet with cream-cheese icing. The red velvet donuts were especially awesome. The selection was overwhelming, with common options like plain or chocolate frosted to unique candy covered treats (like Nerds). Since I'm only human, I ordered a 13th donut to eat on the way to work. It was a Butterfinger, which is a plain donut covered with your choice of vanilla or chocolate icing, and then covered with... You guessed it, bits and pieces of butter and fingers. Or crumbled up butter finger. Whichever. I went with the vanilla icing (sorry chocolate) and it was heavenly.The front case was full of a huge assortment of specialty donuts, too big and special to be part of the dozen box. Apple fritters, long johns, eclairs, pull aparts, and a glazed donut nearly the size of a human head. The head donut is quite intimidating.As expected, the donuts were a total hit at the office, and comments of jealousy ensued because I lived so close.I considered waiting until I tried the Castle burgers before posting my review, but I'll be honest... They could end up tasting like turds between buns and I would still give The Donut King 5 stars. It's a donut shop, so as long as the service is great and the donuts kick-ass, anything else on their menu is an afterthought.The next morning, I was there again. I had a hot glazed donut and a maple bacon. The bacon is a dollar up-charge, and worth it as an occasional treat. The hot donut though... Unlike others I've had, it retains its pillowy feel even while hot. This meant it wasn't dissolving into sugar while while biting, which was a pro for me, as it meant more savoring.They are currently open from 5am-8pm, 7 days a week, but down the line are planning on 24 hours like the other location. It's a small storefront and can get quite busy, so much so that twice I've arrived and left without opening the door because there were too many people inside. While the line has the potential to move fast, newcomers are so in awe that they lollygag, wanting each donut described in colorful detail. If that's you, and there is a line, please step aside to let others go while you continue your internal struggle.I have learned if you're strategic about your times, you can pretty much avoid lines. Super early and just before closing both yield excellent results. Earlier is better (before 8am), since they are less likely to be out of what you want, plus early is when you're able to get the hot glazed donuts, which you need to do at least once.While I'm not thrilled with the idea of them being crazy-busy, I love that they'll be open 24-hours for all of my donutting needs.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/15/2014,77,335,,3,3>A cozy, inviting atmosphere (a little Manhattan without all the hustle and bustle), interesting drink list (and some really nice beers and wines too!), excellent food, and easy to get to Baldwin Park.  What more could you want?  I had ad drink called the Remedy which was quite tasty and smooth.  I treated myself to the Chilean Sea Bass that was cooked perfectly with tasty edamame.  My friend had a variety of sushi and they all devoured their dinners.  They cook great care with presentation of all the dishes and I admit I wanted to try them all.  Since I am not familiar with sushi for the most part, I opted to skip it.  That was one thing I really liked---someone who doesn't care for sushi or doesn't know much about it can have a tasty, innovative entree.  I was invited here for a birthday party and I was a tad worried but I need not have been.  Our server was very helpful with the menu.  I will return here again and give the sushi a try.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/14/2014,124,483,2,6,4>Love it! This place is a nice little gem nestled away in Thornton Park and definitely a must try. I fell in love the first visit. The menu is compact and full of healthy vegan options (and soy free).  Given the product and quality, I think that the prices are very reasonable.  My first visit was on a quiet mid Saturday afternoon so there wasn't a crowd or long lines.  I was able to ask a lot of questions about the different smoothies, juices and add-ins. I have to say that hempt seeds are surprisingly good.  The young ladies were very friendly and knowledgeable (turns out that one thing that I have in common with one of the young ladies is that we have lived in the same THREE states! One point for six degrees of separation!). It is nice sitting at the small tables, sipping a healthy beverage while listening to some of the latest music hits eminate from the speakers in the ceiling.I didn't have the pleasure of trying them at the Lake Eola Farmers Market but I'm glad they are here in Thornton Park!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/13/2014,192,107,1,11,5>This place is AWESOME! Definitely come check this out. My group was able to escape the room, but other groups today were not able to. The staff here is very friendly and looking to expand into more escape rooms very soon. We were offered some yummy treats before going into the escape room. Ia moderator or two are with you, so the team isn't completely alone. And you're allowed a limited number of hints to escape the room within 60 minutes. I wish I could say more about this place...but you must come check it out. Try not to read too many reviews. ;-)I am absolutely coming back when new rooms are ready. Enjoy!!!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/12/2014,86,103,1,6,4>Is this the right barber for you? Happy to help you decide:- Justin takes his time with every customer and runs a classic "shoot the shit" style shop where the guys come in to hang out and have a beer; expect to be there at least 1 hour.- Bring cash. Haircuts are only $12 and shape ups are $6, or $8 if you get the back and sides done - a seriously good deal.- Don't be intimidated by the appearance. Everyone from students to professional bankers get their hair cut here, and Justin respects them all the same.The moral of the story is that they take their cuts seriously and have a good time doing it. I recommend you stop in, or better yet, call ahead - they stay busy, but it's worth the wait.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/11/2014,39,47,5,11,5>All day happy hour at the bar, awesome! Separate bar menu that offers great tapas style bar bites. Bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable. Service at the bar was also excellent. The mixed drinks we had were flavored perfectly. Almost to the point that this could be considered a craft cocktail bar. The lamb spanakopita was mostly lamb and that's not a bad thing. The octopus lettuce wrap is something that I may order one a week. This place may be a problem because I live downtown and I may start to come here several times a week. Every dish we had caused us to groan excitedly with each bite.Of the 5 or so restaurants that have occupied this space in the last 5 years, this could easily be the best.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,10/12/2011,359,280,,13,5>I been an ongoing fan of Tortilleria La Mexicana on Oakridge for quite some time now. Anytime there is a craving for authentic Mexican food I fly over here. At food being under $10 an entree they serve a variety of tacos, enchiladas, flautas, and sopes/huaraches. My favorite day to go is on a Sunday because the mariachi band will perform and they usually have a soccer game playing on all the tvs. From all the items on the menu the best choices are the tacos, huaraches, and horchatas. The huaraches is a popular mexican dish that consist of a fried masa base with your choice of meat/ sausage/ chicken along with lettuce, tomatoes, pice, onions, cheese, and sour cream. Tortilleria uses delicious white Mexican cheese on the huaraches so every bite is memorable. The tacos have a soft corn tortilla base which I absolutely love to order with shredded chicken inside. They also use cilantro, diced tomatoes, and onions inside the taco so you get a flavorable but fresh bite. I tried their enchiladas but wasn't too found of them since the refried beans seemed stale so I always stick with other menu options.Tortilleria also has a stall of Mexican ice creams and icy cool "agua frescas" in many different flavors. Make sure to try the coconut and horchata flavor, you will be hooked! One time I was lucky enough to run into their frozen chocolate bananas with sprinkles. Sadly they only make them very rarely and they sell out quick. Shortly stated this is a must stop for those in need of authentic Mexican food!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,10/11/2011,130,122,5,6,4>*Please note that the following review is wholly based on Agave Azul's happy hour, and while food was consumed, I can not be held responsible for deducing whether or not the food was actually delicious, or if it was delicious because I was intoxicated*I love love love Agave Azul and their happy hour. Perhaps their outdoor patio doesn't exactly exude glamour, as it sulks in the middle of a Kirkman Road strip mall/plaza, but it sure does make for some pretttty interesting people watching. Especially the poor drugged-up victims that stagger out of the adjacent Greenburg Dental clinic. But I digress...Margaritas! They are strong. They are decently-sized. And they are cheap. The servers are pretty attentive, although service can be somewhat inconsistent - which, if you are there to just order lunch or dinner, can be somewhat annoying. Nevertheless, I am giving Agave Azul 4 stars for the following reasons:1) Great location on Kirkman & Conroy2) Lots of parking3) Outdoor seating available4) Happy hour margaritas are amazing5) Everyone is super nice 6) They have large spacious bathrooms with actual, shuttered doors! Yes, this is important.If you are looking for a cute place to have some decent Mexican food (and maybe some drinks) this place is pretty good.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,10/10/2011,188,226,4,5,4>I have been wanting to try the Blue Zoo for a while now and was encouraged to do so due to the Magical Dining Month!  Whats that you say?  For the entire month of September, many of the most upscale places will have a price fix menu set at $30 each so that you can try their food and not have to break the bank at the same time.  Part of the money you pay goes to charity so its a win win for everyone involved.  So we made reservations for Friday night and decided to treat ourselves to some fancy smancy food!When I called for the reservation, I asked for around 6 pm dinner.  I was told the earliest we could be seated was at 7:30... so we went for that.  We got there around 6:30 just to check out the hotel (yes, its horrible looking but believe it or not, the interior decor has been updated and it actually looks better!)  The Blue Zoo itself is actually beautiful so just run thru the lobby and down to the restaurant!  Anyway, we looked around a bit and decided to head over to the Blue Zoo for a cocktail before dinner. We checked in with the hostess and she said she could seat us now and not have to wait till 7:30.  When I looked inside the place, it was basically empty... but we decided to check out the bar first and then have dinner. The bar had a few couples at it and the bartender was a nice lady who was fun.  We ordered a few cocktails and watched her make them.  She was quite fancy shaking both of them at the same time but when she walked away to grab two glasses, one of the drink fell over!   She had to totally remake it.  I got the Bazooka Joe  and my hubby got a Blue raspberry  thing... both were fine.  We then got seated at our table... it was actually a nice one way in the back near the window so we could look out to the view of the (ugly) hotel. Our server was fabulous!  They had given us the regular menus when we sat down so we told her we were poor and were here for the Magical Dining menu.... she laughed and said she had done the same thing last week at the Capital Gill!  Blue Zoo only had two appetizers, two entrees, and two desserts to choose from so we ordered one of each and decided to share everything!  They did also offer a wine pairing to go along with each course so we splurged and added that.  It was an additional $15 each.  The two appetizers were... Chilled Cape Canaveral white shrimp with avocado, fennel and citrus... and Bacon and Eggs on grits.  Both were excellent!The two Entrees were... Dayboat Flounder with tomatoes, greens, black onions and glazed turnips.... and Tagliatelle which was a chicken pasta dish served over potatoes. Both again were excellent!The two desserts were... warm chocolate cake with a liquid ganache center... and a deconstructed lemon meringue pie!  Hubby got the chocolate and I got the lemon and we did NOT share!  LOL... He loves his chocolate and I love lemon!  Both were the highlight of the meal.  Each course had a wine to match but don't ask me what they were... I have no idea. The service and the food were all top notch and we had a wonderful time at Blue Zoo.  This whole meal cost us $90 (plus tip and tax) and we felt like we actually saved money. Most entrees go for about $35 to $50 each... plus ad in an appetizer and dessert for each and we could have normally spent $160 on the same meal.  The Dolphin Hotel has valet parking (at $15 bucks a pop!) but if you show the hostess your valet stub, they will give you a pay check to cover the cost so its free if you eat there.   The only challenge we had with the meal had nothing to do with the food or service but with a very loud, obnoxious group that was sitting behind us!  It was like the cast of the Jersey Shore was there!  Since this is on Disney property, there is no strict dress code so I felt over dressed in my dress slacks and dress shirt compared to this group who were in jogging outfits, t-shirts and ripped jeans.  But, I guess having money allows them to act loud and rude and lets them disturb the other patrons around them. Allowing their kids run amok in a place like this...  Anyway....Blue Zoo is a great place with good service and fancy food!  For celebrating a birthday or anniversary, it would be a great place to enjoy your special location!  Enjoy!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,10/9/2011,54,106,3,5,3>Last night i went to Citrus with a group of friends.  I was really impressed.  I started with the wedge salad with apple wood smoked bacon and Maytag blue cheese.  I was so good i passed it around the table.  For my entree i ordered the scallops which came blackened on a bed of asparagus and risotto.  We were all so dazzled by our meals. They have a great wine and cocktail list and superb outdoor seating.  This being said, our waiter was awful.  He was maybe 18 and very confused.  He took our orders before our drinks came out.  He stumbled around on questions on the menu and looked like he might cry when we asked him to split a bottle of wine two ways. Bless his heart.  I think it is hard to find good wait staff, or so it seems for Orlando restaurants.  I will definitely be returning to Citrus.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,10/8/2011,31,130,1,3,2>I came back last night for dinner with 3 others and we decided to try the Mizuumi Boat. The Mizuumi Boat is $59 (comes with soup/salad) and totally worth it! Everything was beautifully presented and all of the fish was very fresh tasting. The Mizuumi Boat came with 10 pieces of nigiri, 12 pieces of sashimi, casey roll, shrimp tempura roll, rainbow roll, and ultimate tuna roll.We were presented with a VIP Card during our meal which is redeemable for discounts on food and beverages. This must be something new Sushi Katana started because I've dined here plenty of times before and this is the first time I've seen it. I'm pretty excited to see what discounts are in store for my next visit!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,10/7/2011,58,515,3,3,4>We came straight downtown from shopping and we needed some food before pounding drinks with friends so we came to Dan's Sandwich Shoppe & Midnite Pizza.  Dick City is full of mediocre pizza joints but this one was solid.  We got a couple of slices each and it hit the spot.  They serve beer here so we had a couple of those too.  We won't be going out of our way to come back but we are fan's of this place and would recommend it if you need some fuel before hitting the bars.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,10/6/2011,79,238,,5,3>I went to Sip once before I become somewhat of a regular. The place is super clean, a bit swanky and really friendly. Amy and Tadpole are the greatest bartenders! I'm now addicted to DJ Di's Monday trivia. People actually bring baked goods! (I brought red velvet cupcakes last week!) How can you argue with super cheap drinks, free trivia and home-baked cookies and cupcakes? You can't. Love, love love this bar!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,10/5/2011,117,97,3,4,2>I LOVE IT HERE!!! its one of my happy places, this place and thirsty gator!The food is authentic, its what you will find if you go to japan and get off the plane and go into the streets. The food is unbelievable its almost orgasmic! I order mostly kitchen food when I come but one raw item I do order is their sweet shrimp! The sweet shrimp has the biggest heads!! SOO DELICIOUS!!!!My favorite is not even on their menu, its skewers of miso seabass!!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,10/4/2011,48,313,4,9,3>My wife and friends have been raving about Sleeping Moon Cafe for a few weeks. After visiting it myself, I understand why. This is the sort of place I wish was there when I lived in the immediate area - and the sort of place I wish was closer to my home. The inside of this cafe is much larger and nicer than what I expected from the outside. In fact, there was nothing about the outside that screamed "cafe", much less "awesome cafe". The interior is decorated with paintings from local artists and there is a small stage for musicians and performers. There's not a whole lot of tables, so I don't know how well this place would work for a big event.There were no artists working while we were there, but I understand that you can work on your artwork there. The menu here is small, but interesting - with items for omnivores, vegetarians and vegans alike. It's my understanding that the menu changes very often - if not daily. My wife has been blown away by everything she's had here - but her favorite has been the grilled cheese made with havarti. For my lunch, I chose to get the ham & apple panini which was excellent.In addition to the food, they also serve coffee, espresso and soft drinks. I don't specifically recall seeing tea on the menu, but something tells me they offer it. Portions are a good size, and all the sandwiches (except for the grilled cheese) are about $7. There are, however, some problems here. This is obviously the first time the owners/managers have ever run a restaurant. I visited at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon. They had already run out of the soup of the day. Now, if this was a place that only operated for breakfast and lunch, this might be forgivable, but it's not - they're open late - and they've run out of soup only a few hours into the day? But it wasn't just soup. They were running out of all sorts of ingredients. Almost every customer in the restaurant had to be approached and apologized to because they were missing some ingredient from their order.The other, and I think more pressing issue is service. Yes, they're friendly - but oh boy, are they slow. My wife has come home with stories about how she and her co-workers stood around at the counter for five minutes before an employee acknowledged them - and the employees weren't in the back - they were sitting at the tables in the front. The most common stories are about  parts of orders being completely forgotten - like the soup half of a soup & salad order. During my own visit, we saw the cashier take orders and write them down - and then hand them to the "kitchen", who is really just a guy standing at a sandwich station. That's fine - but for 90% of the orders, they would have to go ask the customer what they ordered.  Orders of nothing more than a sandwich and a drink were taking in the realm of 20 minutes from time of order to delivery to the customers. This is not the place to go if you're looking for a quick lunch.Sleeping Moon Cafe has a lot of potential - they just need some more experience, and to start paying attention.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,10/3/2011,243,268,1,10,6>First of all, Lakesha J. is completely right and I sincerely appreciate her review because I completely missed this place.Secondly, how come I didn't come here sooner?!? This delightful bakery/cafe has been open for six months and I could have been eating the most perfectly buttery, flaky, crisp, well-made cherry danish ($1) that WHOLE time.Everything you order is perfection, be it sweet or savory.Owner/operator/pâtissière extraordinaire Jacqueline is a peach and makes superior indulgences. She is a kind, generous, hard-worker. I think she might be my new crush. Sorry chef Tony from Big Wheel, but you've been ousted.Easy to lose out if you're not looking for it, Chez Jacqueline is located in the shopping plaza behind the 7-11 at the intersection of Lake Mary Blvd and Country Club Rd. in Lake Mary. Jacqueline advised that a website is in the works which will make deciding what you want to devour a lot easier. Or not. It's all SO good!Credit cards accepted for orders of over $10.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/26/2011,114,283,2,4,3>I've been to Orlando Brewing twice now.  Both times because Hadley's Hope was playing.  I know one of the band members and wanted to support him.  I grew up in the neighborhood and never knew it was back there.  Nice and casual with all locals.  Like an Orlando secret.I'm not a beer drinker.  I prefer cider, but try one of their beers each time.  Pretty inexpensive and locally made.  How can you not support that.  Make sure to stop by and check it out.  Local bands play there quite often.  Discover some new talent in the process.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2011,4/25/2011,243,268,2,7,4>One of the best steaks of my LIFE. The 16 oz. Shula-Cut®  Cowboy was quite well grilled, cooked PERFECTLY medium, super tender and just luscious. Had a glass of Estancia Pinot Noir with it-nice combo (and thanks to Park Plaza Gardens where I first sampled this wine yelp.com/biz/elite-event…). Served with a GINORMOUS loaded baked potato and grilled asparagus (their current seasonal vegetable selection) with a balsamic glaze drizzled on top. Yum!The only reason why this is not a 5 star review is because of the COPIOUS amount of pin bones left inside the otherwise very pleasant Pecan Crusted Salmon. The manager was apologetic about it, which he should be, but kind of brushed it off, saying something about how they fillet the salmon on site. Anyway, the meal was really surprisingly enjoyable for a hotel restaurant. Looooved the Bourbon-Chocolate Pecan Pie a-la-mode for dessert. Comforting hot-cold combo. We had a very sweet server who was totally on point and I really want to come back to try their Sunday brunch build your own Bloody Mary (only $3.47-steal!!).Best thing is that my meal was free because I am a member of Team Shula. Via e-mail received a coupon for 1 free entree (anything on menu) with the purchase of a full price entree. Coupon is good for up to a month after your b-day. Awesome!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/24/2011,101,78,9,5,6>I'd heard quite a bit about Wally's. Well, actually not that much, but I came in with expectations. Weird kind of expectations - not good, not bad, but just dirty, but in a good way.Admittedly, I spent most of my time in the lot behind the place, as I was attending an event with Yelp, but I did get a chance to grab a drink at the bar, use the facilities, and generally check the place out.Yep, it's a dive bar. It seems like the kind of place that I'd expect to see my dad in - when he still left the house and all. You don't know my dad, but he spent a lot of time in bars as I was a kid, but I'm pretty sure all that time without him helped me build character - or it taught me that being an alcoholic was a bad idea. But anyway, that story sounds kind of negative, but notice that I gave the place four stars...It lived up to my expectations. I actually wished more people would have hung out inside. I feel like I could have had some conversations in there with people that were really drunk who would give me advice that they were sure was going to shape the rest of my life. But alas, I only passed by the bar, and don't want to judge the folks who did - although they looked and smelled a lot like the ones who tried to give me advice with more beer vapors than carbon dioxide coming out of their mouths, but again - no judgement.So in that sense, it's kind of like an amusement park. It's kind of like when Hot Topic was still pretty cool, and before they turned the lights up super bright, started selling shirts about internet memes and Justin Bieber, etc, and girly-girls would come in with their soccer moms. They probably felt the same way as I, or any halfway-decent human being would walking in there. Aside from walking into these kinds of bars as a kid (yeah terrible childhood, blah blah blah), the closest comparison would be a haunted house at Busch Gardens. It wasn't really scary, and there was just enough light to see what was coming at you, but you still felt a bit uneasy.The part that kinda sucked is that I bought one drink at the bar, and although I was very specific on what I wanted, the lady bartender (who had an appropriate number of teeth, viewable in the low light) overcharged me by a buck. I don't mean to be a dick, but I was going to leave a dollar as a tip. Maybe she was following that rule where you put automatic gratuity when there are more than X people in a party (but I thought that was 15-18%, not 33%). I won't cry over spilled milk - math can be hard for some people.Anyway, the bathroom was nicer than expected. There was even a helpful note written in sharpie above the sink, indicating that it was in fact not the urinal. But the urinal had absolutely no privacy, so I could understand why they needed to point that out - incase someone couldn't get a stall. And it was very low for a sink. If they raised it up a bit, they probably wouldn't need that note. But then, maybe they were thinking of the kids that grew up like me, getting quarters from their dads to play video games while they drunk away their woes. If it were taller, then they'd have to deal with either kids whining, or kids with dirty hands - and both of those are sucky options.So then there was the Drink. The GT Vodka Lemonade. I didn't watch her like a hawk, but I'd seen that prior pours were quite strong. But those prior pours at least had some color. Mine was 100% clear with ice, no bubbles and some lemon rinds that I think might have been trying to pass off as wedges. Maybe she could read the desperation of my joblessness in my eyes and accepted that extra dollar to upgrade me to a quadruple (or however many it takes to fill up a Solo cup).Luckily, it was GT Vodka, which I meant to buy before I left. That stuff is smooooth. I could tell that I had a glass of vodka and ice, but it wasn't as bad as it sounds. I progressively weakened it with some Vitamin Water, and about 60-70% through, I was down to what one might call a heavy pour.Oh, and I met the owner - I didn't catch his name, but I assume it to be Wally. I didn't want to be the dumbass who asked. He seemed like a really cool dude.I hope nobody reads this like a robot and sees my four stars as an ironic rating. I'd go back. Hell, the three drinks they have on special for Yelp Drinks are the three best on the entire list - hands down (well, one place had cider, but you've gotta give it to the liquor). If I'm allowed out again, I might make it back this week. I've heard so many people talk about this place that I know are amazing people, and if I were to meet more people like them there, and it would be worth it hands down.So I hope you enjoyed reading my review. My apologies if you're not down with all of the backstory (like those 8 new friends that I was going to karaoke with, until they decided to go home) and feel left waiting for a climax that never arrived.But - if you giggled or agreed, liked, or just read this far, click some of those buttons below! :)
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,4/23/2011,47,47,10,6,8>Man I love this place. I mean, for dive bars, this one is pretty much the epitome of it. Smokey, dank, not much bling except for the random stuff on the walls that the patrons bring in. And let's not forget the bathroom graffiti. There are some great artists out there that leave their mark on the walls from every corner of the artistic spectrum. Especially the avant-garde shock artists. There seems to be a lot of that. I don't even think the men's bathroom has a toilet seat. (Probably stolen)  If my night starts out here, it's most likely going to get pretty epic. Maybe that's because the bartenders are pretty damn awesome and heavy handed with a bottle.This place is cheap, friendly, and homey. That's what a dive bar should be. A place you can come in dressed for the club, or dressed for bed, and no-one cares and is just as friendly. Thankfully, the typical Orange Ave Jackassery stays out of this place, I've never seen a fight, except on who gets to buy the next round of shots. And frankly, that's a fight I can live with. I can honestly say this place contributes to me screwing up my weekly gym progress, thanks to the free movie popcorn and well poured drinks. Still one of the better long islands I've ever had was from here, and anything else I've had is just as good.  The small one or two man bands that come and entertain you are all pretty good, I've yet to have one that makes me want to stuff popcorn in my ears. If you want to kick off the night, or end it in a blaze of glory, Casey's is a good place for it.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2011,4/22/2011,111,174,2,10,5>If you read my reviews you already know that we will travel to check out food that we think sounds interesting. So today when Marty said he felt like eating a really good hot dog - I did some searching and discovered that this place had recently opened up on I-Drive. I had seen an episode of Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations" where they visited Puka Dog in Hawaii which, according to the article I read in Orlando Attractions Magazine, was the inspiration for this place. It looked really good - a departure from the regular Chicago style or NY style hot dog places that are the usual fare around here. Since we didn't have much on on our schedule, we decided to head on down and check this local version out.The two places are basically laid out the same way. First you choose the type of 1/4 pound dog you want - Hula offers three: a regular all beef, a spicy sausage dog or a veggie dog. Then you pick both a spicy sauce and a fruit based relish (Hula's calls theirs a fruit sauce). Finally you pick a mustard. Their roll is a hawaiian style sweet bread that is made locally. It is shaped like a tube that is only open on one end. This open end is placed down over a hot rod that toasts the inside of the bun before they load it up with your dog of choice and your condiments.I ordered a regular beef dog. They serve the ubiquitous Boars Head here. I chose the garlic lemon sauce, the mango fruit sauce and the mango mustard. Marty also went with the regular dog. But he opted for the Jalapeno Sauce, the Pineapple fruit sauce and the pineapple Mustard.  We each got a combo which included a bag of Hawaiian Kettle Chips and a canned drink (Coke Products).So here's my breakdown: 1. It's great to have a hot dog option that is something totally unusual for this area.2. The bread is righteous! It's so fresh and soft that it sticks to your teeth.3. The hot dog however was nothing special. I appreciate that they use a premium brand but unfortunately they aren't all that flavorful and lack the wonderful snap of a natural casing. I guess we should have opted for the spicy sausage instead.4. We found the sauces to be a little underwhelming. We expected much bolder flavors. I couldn't taste the garlic lemon sauce at all and Marty got no heat from the jalapeno sauce. There was a pleasant sweetness to the fruit sauce but the only way I knew it was a mango sauce was because that's what they called it. I could not distinguish mango at all. The same went for the pineapple sauce. The first bite I took had a sweet/spicy hit that I attributed to the mustard - but then that flavor never reappeared. I really love the idea of these sauces - I just wish they had a bit more substance.5. Personal preference here (but after all isn't all this personal preference) I'm  a Diet Coke girl not Diet Pepsi so I was happy for the Coke products and I also like that they give you a glass of ice to go with your canned drink. I don't like to drink directly out of soda cans. Urban legend or no - it still creeps me out. BTW you can also get a homemade Lemonade. Didn't  try it so I don't know how it is. 6. Hawaiian Kettle chips are nom nom - a guilty pleasure - but it would really have kicked things up a notch if they made their own chips. 7. The small walk up shack has a really cool vacation vibe. They play Hawaiian music and a palm tree on the side is covered in signs pointing in various directions toward island locations. Couldn't help but wonder why they called it Marth's Vineyard!The guy behind the counter actually started to argue with me after I said we wanted to come and try their place because I had seen a story about the original Hawaiian concept on TV. He kept shaking his head and saying they were unique and held the patent on the machine that toasts the rolls. Whatever, Dude. I don't know from patents - just Google Anthony Bourdain Hawaii and watch the episode for yourself. It's a pointed metal rod that toasts the inside of the bun - it's not rocket science. We drove from Apopka all the way down to I-Drive to eat your hot dog - give me a break!If you are down on I-Drive and want a different kind of hot dog experience, you should check them out. The bread alone is worth it. But I wouldn't make a road trip out of it.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,4/21/2011,115,93,3,11,9>While hanging out in the newly coined "Milk District," I couldn't help but desire to traipse over to the bar named after this tiny, downtown district.  Upon entering into The Milk Bar, I was pleased with the chill music, the film silently playing on the television, the eclectic artwork covering most of the walls and the piles of games on the shelves.  It was like entering into a friend of a friend's living room.  A warmth of community encompassed me. The beer menu is pretty extensive and must definitely please the beer connoisseur.  I prefer ciders, and while this low key and welcoming bar offers two ciders, I think the menu would kindly receive a few more.  Hint hint.  This place has a really welcoming atmosphere and the bartender was totally awesome.  He was friendly, helpful and sociable.  He asked us for a name of a band and then sought to play music we would like.  For the remainder of our visit, we played Clue and listened to The Smiths and MGMT.  I'll definitely be going back!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,4/20/2011,91,68,4,6,4>It was so delicious these guys could have made my lunch on the sidewalk and I wouldn't have cared.The kudos start with how I found them. A twitter friend (and fellow Yelper) retweeted their menu and location late this morning. Not only did the menu look delicious, but their commitment to locally sourced ingredients made me divert downtown between meetings to give them a try. I loved their social presence, and the Yelpers rave reviews helped as well.The gent taking my order was extremely friendly and I loved how he hopped out of the truck and was talking to people and checking on their orders. When my  Big Wheel Bacon Fries and The Johnny 5 sandwich (Lettuce, Tomato, Egg, Bacon Dip on Multigrain bread) came up shortly after I ordered I was shocked at the generous portions. Not knowing what to expect, I opened the fries and it looked like they "forgot" the bacon. That was until a gobbled up a few and were amazed at the light and full bodied flavor of glorious swine and salt. But where did this magical nuance come from? They must have their secrets. My sandwich was simple and wonderful. The multigrain bread was perfectly toasted and held a solid flavor that melded well with the crisp lettuce, juicy tomatoes, and expertly fried egg. The bacon dip smear gave it that extra layer and texture to round it off.I cant wait for my next trip to the dusty parking lot where a funny little truck full of food craftsmen and women make up brilliant cuisine!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,4/19/2011,226,115,2,2,1>WOW!This place is beautiful, fun for the pets and the kids too! I've only been once and it was a cold, windy day, but absolutely gorgeous. The setting is spectacular, the lake is lovely, the pups are EVERYWHERE and it is honestly like no dog park I have ever seen. I'm thinkning I'll have Piper's, my Bull Mastiff, b-day party there ... Okay, just kidding! i don' tdo the doggy parties, but if I did, this would be the place, jump houses, pony rides and all.Check it out! Take the kids along too. By the time they run around with all of their newfound friends, they'll be exhauseted and it'llbe a quiet ride home ... it's true!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,4/18/2011,6,34,3,3,3>Very tasty food, and great atmosphere!  From the decor to the incredibly friendly staff, eating here is more like being in someone's home than being at a restaurant.  My husband is not a big fan of German food (thanks to a pretty horrible experience at a German place in Texas a few years ago, but it was his own fault; would you order something described as "puffy ham"?), so I ordered a pile of food for us to share.  We got the Bayrisches Fest and wienerschnitzel, along with sides of käse spätzle, red cabbage, and knödel.  I really enjoyed the Bayrisches Fest, including the curry ketchup our waitress brought out to go with our knackwurst.  Possibly not the most authentic German condiment, but still delicious!  And my anti-German food husband was converted by the wienerschnitzel and mashed potatoes.  The spätzle and knödel were great, but the red cabbage was a bit too tart; I prefer it to be a bit sweeter.  Dessert was Sacher torte and apfelstrudel, and both were quite good.  I really like the more homey atmosphere here as opposed to the drunken-singalong-Oktoberfest at Willow Tree, so the next time I'm in the mood for German I'll be heading to Bauern-Stube.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,4/17/2011,48,313,8,11,5>Some guys in their late 20's just left our house with a bunch of junk we no longer needed or wanted. I don't know if they're in college, and while they were nice enough, I don't know if I'd call them "hunks". I would, however, call them "awesome".I booked through their website a few nights ago. Using their cost estimator, I figured we had somewhere between 1/6 and 1/4 of a truck load of junk. I scheduled an appointment for 12:30pm. Their appointments last for 2 hours in case they need plenty of time to do their hauling. They promised to call when on their way.At 11:30 this morning, they called asking if it was OK if they arrived early - which was fine by me. They estimated that they would get there at about 12:15pm. At 12:15pm almost on the dot, I heard their truck pulling up outside. I opened the garage and pointed out the junk we didn't want. Looking at the pile, they came up with the same estimate we did - between 1/6 and 1/4 of a truck. I agreed to their terms and they went to work.In less than 15 minutes, their truck had been loaded (with a 1/4 truck load) and we were signing payment paperwork. We got rid of some old computer parts, random junk and exercise equipment. Whatever can be recycled - they recycle. So, no need to hunt down your local drop off location and trudge down there with a car load of stuff.These guys are fast, efficient and very polite. Should we ever have another giant pile of crap that needs to get tossed, I wouldn't hesitate to call them.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,4/13/2012,469,289,2,10,9>As if I needed more proof that Rusty Spoon can deliver delicious thoughtful food, they just went and did it again. This time I chose the special of the day. Carrot ginger soup topped with Cilantro and the Crudites Salad which is a grilled pear with greens, aged cheddar and almond brittle with a vinaigrette dressing. The soup was fantastic. First comes the taste of the carrot, them comes then ginger, as you eat it comes a little heat, and the cilantro bits. Its a soup that really makes you think how simple ingredients can make a nice complex flavor. Well done. On to my Crudites Salad. What we have here is a nice homage to winter ingredients. A grilled pear with almond brittle, winter greens, and aged cheddar with a nice vinaigrette that marries well to all the ingredients. The thing I love about this is you can choose to eat this two ways. I ate it all together, but at times separate. Try the pear with the cheese, try the pear with the almond brittle which is a sweet delicious dessert feel to it. Or try putting everything on your fork at once and finding out that all of those ingredients do go nicely together. It almost felt like indulgence but really was just simple local ingredients that played well together. Another outstanding dish. Delicious beers on tap, and great bar service. A nice lunch spot downtown, that I will keep coming back too.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,4/12/2012,238,467,6,14,15>Ok, I'm breaking a personal rule here.  I'd usually hold off on a review of a brand-spanking new place until I'd been there twice.  But, I can't help myself.  Hold on to your hats people, but check it.  Best. Wings. In. Town!!!Spice rubbed, smoked, grilled.  AWESOME.  Also?  Several craft beer selections available under $5 all night long.  Super duper!  Waitresses were chatty and cool.  I'm old enough to remember Straub's (check some of my earliest reviews) and am happy to say Oblivion obliterates all reminders of the old seafood house.  Happy skulls. Happy skulls!  Super cool.Cannot wait to try a burger!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,4/11/2012,6,52,,5,2>I friend of mine introduced me to this great place.  Jerk chicken is amazing but there's so much more authentic food on their menu.  Oxtail, goat, curry chicken...  They gave us a sample of a couple choices and all were great.  I'm not a big fan of curry but the chicken curry was really good and not smothered in the spice.  The meats are super tender.  The jerk has a nice grill flavor too.  The portion sizes are huge!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,4/10/2012,51,87,1,5,2>I drive by the restaurant every morning on the way to my job. From Kirkman it looks pretty unassuming, its a bland plaza in a blander part of south Kirkman.I talked my wife into checking it out and we were not disappointed. The crust is made fresh and you can tell. It was the perfect combination of crunchy outside and chewy inside. The sauce had a nice flavor and the cheese was ample but not overdone. The portions are Texas sized so be prepared to eat and also bring your snuggy so you can ride out the food coma in the car.All in all, good food and great prices.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,4/9/2012,83,182,,5,3>I agree a great under rated museum that doesn't do a lot of publicity. I didn't even know about it until months ago when a friend told me about it.Beautiful exhibits and a great gift shop. Currently there is a photography exhibit featuring Andy Warhol and his studio "The Factory". "The Factory" also became a hipster hangout and you will also find photos of the likes of Lou Reed, Nico (The Velvet Underground), Bob Dylan and more. It really captures a time that seems to be repeating itself. The clothes, the politics, etc. You must visit this little gem in Winter Park.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,4/8/2012,10,32,,8,2>Just when I though all South Indian cuisine in Orlando was garden variety, along comes Saravana Bhavan. It's too bad this place is a chain, but I am glad to see any place set the bar higher. I've tried all of the other South Indian places rated 4 stars or better on Yelp prior to this one, and each time I have left a bit unsatisfied for one reason or another. South Indian seems to be exploding in Orlando right now, but most has only been good...not what I would call great. Saravana Bhavan is well beyond that. These flavors are more complex, clearly the hand of a skilled professional. That turned out to be true as the waitress told us the chef has been in the business 20 years. Everything we ordered was awesome. The Poori was the best I have ever had, hands down. That was due in no small part to the pair of unique sides that came with it. Definitely order this. The Mysora Masala Dosa was also excellent. Very spicy, but there are plenty of less spicy dosas available. Dosas are one dish that I have had some really good examples of in Orlando, however the trio of dips were a cut above the other options in town. The last thing was the Vegetable Uthappam. We had never had this before, but it is a new favorite. A fried rice and lentil pancake with vegetables inside. Loads of flavor and those same great dipping sauces as the dosa. I highly recommend getting one of these!I must also call attention to another plus to this place: it is extremely clean and modern inside. It also has an open kitchen...a rarity for this cuisine, at least in my experience. I guess it is too late for me to not over-hype this place, but I really think it delivers.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,4/7/2012,34,214,,13,3>Yay!! A real Japanese restaurant in Saint Cloud!!! I already had high expectations because I love the one by the loop. As I was walking toward the restaurant from the parking lot, I could smell the tell tale luring scent of the Hibachi working away inside. I was not disappointed! I ordered the lunch bento box with shrimp tempura and It was everything I wanted in a bento box!! Yummy vegetables, large shrimp, rice and sushi rolls along with a small salad. This restaurant is MUCH more quaint, size wise, than the one by the Loop. There are two hibachi tables with two grills at each. There might be 7 tables and 4 booths, plus a small (6-8) person sushi bar in the regular dining. This is located right next to the Outback Steakhouse off of 192 (or 13th as we refer to it in Saint Cloud). Yay!! Can't wait to do it again!!!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,4/6/2012,149,191,,6,1>Since the fire nearly destroyed the place, they're operating out of a couple of trailers and the sheds that didn't burn.Rebuilding will start soon, but the best news is that they're still open!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,4/5/2012,151,345,,6,3>I have been to their soft opening and got the chance to try their Miss Piggy Sandwich (pork belly) and their grilled beef noodle salad bowl (minus the noodle b/c I'm on a diet). The flavors are great and traditional, but has a modern take to it. If you haven't had vietnamese sandwiches before, this place is definitely the spot to try your first!
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,4/4/2012,30,190,,5,2>Well, now I have a problem.This place takes me 20-30 minutes to get to from my house in Winter Garden and it was outstanding, and now I want to go back every week.  The wife and I both got cuban sandwiches with fries, some maduros (sweet fried plantains), and with the Yelp check-in offer we got a free appetizer of chicken empanadas.  Every single thing was delicious.  The cuban bread was soft and warm, there were pickles and mustard in appropriate amounts on the sandwich, and the fries were surprisingly good.  The empanadas set the tone, though-- they came out excessively hot, but once they cooled down we dug in.  They were not greasy like a lot of empanadas can get, and the salsa they made for it was amazing.  They also had some green sauce that was way spicier than I expected it to be.  The plantains were a great end to our meal and they were cooked very well-- they were soft but not mushy, while the outside was just crispy enough to add texture to them without being crunchy or unpleasant.  I'm really looking forward to going back and trying some more items on their menu like some of their rice dishes.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,5/2/2010,79,28,5,6,3>I attended a party for Orlando Weekly at 57 West last night and I believe it was the grand opening. Not sure though. The bartenders were friendly, the drinks were excellent, and it was clean.I was very impressed by the bathrooms. They were probably the cleanest bathrooms in any bar/lounge in the area. I'll be interested to know if they can keep this up through night after night of rowdy customers.There was a jazz-fusion band playing the greatest hits of your local forecast on The Weather Channel. However, I actually enjoyed them in the cozy setting that is 57 West. I'll be very interested to see how this establishment evolves and where it positions itself amongst downtown Orlando live music nightlife.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,5/1/2010,1381,1517,11,15,3>Such weirdness.  Me and bikram have the quintessential love hate relationship.  I decided to try this place, thanks to Celeste, and thought it was a no brainer to go for the $20 week special for new people.Here's the thing.  The room is hot.  Like 104 degrees, and the class is 90 minutes.  There are postures that are repeated twice, in the same order for each and every class.  There is no music, and as the instructors will tell you, most of the poses are "supposed to hurt."So after 90 minutes of sweating, dripping, struggling to breathe yoga moves, I decide to go back for more the next day!!  And while reaching halfway towards the end of class, a question pops in my mind, "Why am I doing this?"   And I asked myself this very same question repeatedly during the classes I attended this week, and still came back for more. It's  not something I enjoy really.  However, I feel so energized and alive, just tingling with energy by the end of class that, yep, I plan on going back.The instructors are phenomenal!  Joe and Will both notice what you're doing even if you think they are not paying attention, and give you specific directions on how to have proper form.So, you'll want to bring your yoga mat, a beach towel, and lots of water with you.  Lockers and cubby holes are available for your belongings.  I think everyone should try it once at least.And then you'll develop your very own love hate relationship and keep coming back too!!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,4/30/2010,209,153,5,11,6>Wekiva Island = Effing awesome. No, seriously!I saw this little place a few years ago while I was canoeing up Wekiva and I thought "what a freaking dump!" But some new owners have come in and re-vamped this place! They have a bar with some seriously good beer, buckets are pretty cheap. There's tons of corn-hole to play, canoes and kayaks are right there to rent, the river is easy to dip in and out of and there are tends with TV's for football and live music!Seriously - can you think of anything better?! I can't. Especially in the fall season in Florida when it's cool and sunny - this place ROCKS. If you're looking for something affordable to do on a weekend, check out Wekiva Island. It's a damn good time just waitin' to happen!Consider yourself warned tho - The nearby McMansion owners are trying to get it shut down. So enjoy it while you can people!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,4/29/2010,239,386,5,9,5>This review is long overdue... I waltzed in here before Christmas at a loss of what to get my roommate, comic man extraordinaire. Not to mention he frequents the place looking for new friends to just hang out and play strategic games or shooting the shit the the guys who work there. And he knows them all by name. Thank goodness because with the help of Brandon I moved from "roommate" to "Super Roommate!"I told the gentlemen up at the cash register that I was looking for something for my roommate and mentioned he came into the store a lot. Told them my roommate's name and Brandon proceded to say: "now if we were a full service store I would be able to pull up his spending records to see what sort of comics he's into" Sarcasm lost on me, Whoosh, right over my head.Brandon explained all the recent purchases of my roommate and then walked me around the store giving me different types of advice, based on what I wanted to spend. He even showed me the game section where I almost bought something for myself...but I held on to my mission and only went away with the Marvel 10 year Anniversary book. It was great.I was treated like such a valued customer and i totally recommend going here if you are looking for great comics, games, or just people to hang out with. They even have a spending stamp card that for every 10 or 15 dollars spent (I forget which) you get a stamp. After you fill the card, you bring it in for credit. Brandon even stamped out a card for my roommate to use with my purchase.Hmmm...maybe I should start collecting comics and figurines?
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,4/24/2010,359,280,3,4,5>Literally a burst of joy++Divine randomness coming from almost every corner..Barbq bar is a place to jump to Nirvana, do the humpty dance, sing Journey's don't stop believing to the top of your lungs,  do the running man ...fall and nobody would notice to how stupid u really are acting. Now here are the instructions.. unless you want to smell like cigarette city..I suggest staying outdoors is the best option. The patio is a place you can dance around looking at the stars and admire the dim lighting. This place has a free spirited feel to it...very indie and original. There are 2 big screens that play movies and cartoons from the 80's (no time traveling machine required.) They have a really versatile set of random tracks.. one minute you can hate the song and the next u can love it (80's, classic rock, old school hip hop.) If you order a drink be aware they are very strong..it's almost like a shot of whatever liquor you picked plus a drop of a chaser for coloring. Also prepare yourself for randomness.. the crowd is the most entertaining ever! Not the type that floss away there whole paychecks in v.i.p but the type that do the hammer dance. You are guareenteed to find a good laugh somewhere!...Some guy came up to my friends and started cutting their hair. These spontaneous things add cool points to your nights, believe me. Ooooh and they have a photobooth GOSH can this get any better...we will see.Corney+random+wierd+dopeness+unique+interesting+Those are all attributes stated to describe this bar..I shall be back to dance around like a loon in a judgement free zone (or maybe it's all in my head lol.)
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,4/23/2010,472,111,,8,8>Entertaining place for a good crowd! The Lodge is a great place to go whether it is a small group or a huge crowd.  Of course the huge crowd is the better choice :)   The Lodge on a Saturday night is a great place, where in the beginning of the night they play 80s mix, and then later on it is more Top 40 mixed in with 80s.  I would suggest being in a good state of mind if you go later in the night, because it can get crowded.  It can get annoying at times, so pick your battles! Go upstairs to get away from the crowd downstairs!  Drinks are good prices, and there is a pretty schweet photo booth to take some crazy pics.  Bar staff is pretty awesome too :)
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,4/22/2010,100,218,4,13,6>If you have a sense of fun and a palate that appreciates creative but simple food that is above all else, wonderfully tasty, you owe it to yourself to visit Yellow Dog Eats in Windermere, FL.  After you have tried it once, you will be back again and again.Located in what was once a solitary general store/post office in the midst of vast acres of orange groves, Yellow Dog Eats is now surrounded by affluent homes.  Nevertheless, it has managed to keep its "off the beaten path" feel.  When entering Yellow Dog Eats at the lunch hour, don't be surprised to find yourself searching for a table and possibly hovering near diners who are almost finished eating in the hope of both hurrying them along and securing their table even before the last member of their party has gotten up to leave.  There is no table service at YDE so after finding a table, you will next find yourself -- or more specifically, one member of your party will find himself or herself -- standing in line with the rest of the crowd placing an order at the cashier's counter.  It all adds to the ambience, which is made almost carnival like by Fish, YDE's owner/chef who keeps the restaurant teeming with positive energy.The menu at YDE features creative sandwiches and salads made with the freshest of ingredients and inspired culinary skill.  It is not difficult to make a sandwich.  It is difficult, however, to make a sandwich that is original, tasty and appealing to both the eye and the palate.  YDE succeeds on all points.Today, my wife and I took our dog to YDE for lunch.  YDE welcomes canine companions to join their owners for lunch or dinner on the patio.  Points to Fish for allowing guests to bring well behaved dogs because, without our dog, we usually do not go for lunch.  My wife and I both enjoyed a cup of tomato basil soup to start.  The soup was full of rich heavy cream and chunky pieces of stewed tomatoes and torn pieces of fresh basil.  It was simple, flavorful and the perfect start to our meal.  The cashier scored some extra points by giving me the recipe before I left.My wife ordered the Retriever's Roast sandwich: seasoned medium rare roast beef, locally grown tomatoes, lettuce, smoky pommerey mustard, caramelized onions and gouda on multi-grain bread.  In close to two decades of marriage, I don't think I have ever seen my petite wife finish a sandwich -- until today.  She was very happy with every morsel of it!I enjoyed the Black Lab's Lunch: A spinach tortilla spread with just the right amount of homemade hummus and then filled with shredded carrot, sauteed baby bella mushrooms, carmelized onions, cucumbers baby corn, tomato, sprouts and feta cheese with a buttermilk-wasabi dressing.  It was the perfect vegetarian sandwich and I savored every bite.  It really had a wonderful texture and an outstanding blend of warm, cool, crunchy and soft elements.  Really an outstanding sandwich.Both sandwiches were served with Yellow Dog Eats homemade coleslaw, which was a standard raisin and cabbage slaw brought to new heights by the addition of wonderfully complex spicing (nutmeg? allspice?  I'm not sure.  But I am sure that I loved it and that I was very happy that my wife was too full to eat hers!).  Sandwiches are also served with a bag of Miss Vicky's potato chips.  The chips are very good, as bagged chips go, but if I have one minor criticism of YDE, it is its choice of potato chip.  Although Miss Vicky's offers excellent flavor and quality, the chips are made on machinery that also uses peanut oil.  That means that some people with peanut allergies cannot eat them.  I encourage YDE to change to a brand that does not use peanut oils and is not manufactured on machinery that uses peanut oils.  That, of course, is a relatively minor point (except for people with peanut allergies) and does not take away from the delight we experienced in dining at Yellow Dog Eats.Yellow Dog Eats has a one-person unisex bathroom.  Given the number of people using it, YDE does a great job of keeping it clean.  Toilet and sink were very clean when I poked my head in.  There were a couple of paper towels on the floor but I suspect they were left there by the patron who had used the facility a moment before I checked it.Yellow Dog Eats is a great find off the beaten track in Orlando.  If you want a great dining experience that is decidedly different from chain dining, you can find no better place than to visit Yellow Dog Eats for lunch or a light dinner.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2009,4/21/2010,223,368,2,5,2>Aldi is a good place to go to pick up a few staples.  I usually head there to get eggs, milk, meats, and certain veggies.  The veggies are extremely cheap and pretty decent looking/tasting.  Today I bought a pack of 2 peppers (a red and a yellow) which are usually well over $4 a pound at Publix - for only $1.99.  I also got a large pack of 8 Roma tomatoes for $1.29.  The meat is equally cheap, with lean ground turkey at 2.79 for a pound and chicken breast at about 3 bucks a pack.If you're looking to eat healthy they also have a line of "Fit and Healthy" products which are basically like Lean Cuisine.  The stuff is pretty decent tasting, especially the cereal bars.  They are suppoesd to be a knockoff of the Special K cereal bars - they actually taste BETTER!The only downside of Aldi is the minimal selection.  If you're looking for something specific, you may not find it.  So be prepared to make a second trip to Publix across the road.  If you live near Aldi, it's definitely worth it to make a stop in and get some stuff!P.S.  Bring your own bags and a quarter for a shopping cart!  They also only take Cash or Debit.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,4/16/2010,63,58,,4,3>You never know how good you got it until you have to go somewhere else!I had to leave town for  a couple of months and had to "cheat" on my stylist :(  That's why I am writing this review.Lambs has a lot going for it.  First it is small enough that you feel like family after a couple of visits.  Everyone is very friendly and they always offer a nice beverage when you get there to unwind.  The location is great - right in Thornton Park - so you can go have a cocktail or a bite to eat afterwards to show off the new you!  Make and afternoon of it!  It's a very soothing ambiance as well with the fountain courtyard as you walk in to the rotating artist series on the walls.My stylist Brianna is my favorite stylist I have had cut my hair for many  reasons.  First she has great technical skills and years of experience.  I am a guy with short hair and you would think that is simple enough, but actually there is no real room for error.  When I first started going here I had been getting my hair cut by the same person for 5 years.  I had to change unexpectedly and by fate ended up in Brianna's chair.  I had some firm preconceived notions about what I wanted, but I was also willing to give her some leeway and let her use her best judgment.  She made some subtle and minor changes to the cut and it actually made a considerable improvement.  I really love how it looks when it is done.  Like everyone - when it comes to your hair we all are very particular but Brianna has always done an excellent job.  The nicest part of all was that I didn't have to go through an "interview process" with a few stylists until I found what I wanted - and that is priceless.I also enjoy Brianna because we always have intelligent conversation while she does her thing.  Not the surfacey stuff but real interesting talks!  She actually blames me for going over her allotted time since we start talking and she stops cutting and she gets backed up.Oh and I can't forget Jacquo (I hope I spell her name right) for brows.  Does a great job!  Keeps me looking manly but manicured!  Hah that's funny!  She definitely spends her time and does it right.  Almost painless!Now when it comes to price they are  comparable to other salons in this category around town.  But when  you add in all the elements they have it is a real value in my book.  Especially when they can help you walk out looking this good... lol :)
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,4/15/2010,30,187,4,3,4>There are NO doubles at Wally's.  Why you ask?  Because they fill your glass to the top with liquor and then add a 'splash' of mixer for color.  What adds to these drinks are the clientele and the  hilarious bartenders with all sorts of personality.  One time, after my friend tasted her extremely strong drink and made a face the lady behind the bar said, "Don't worry hunny, the ice'll melt in a minute." LOL  You have to go here at least once to take in the naked lady wallpaper and stiff drinks!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,2/3/2012,121,263,,7,5>We were very excited to visit the new Tasting Room in the Edgewater Hotel, downtown Winter Garden.  We finally made it Saturday night during their soft opening week and sat at the bar.  The room has a nice classy but relaxed feel with historic touches and a great view of downtown from the large front windows.  Low lighting as the sun set outside added to the comfortable wine bar/gastropub feel.  We started off with Whitefish Dip which was a cold fish dip served with toasted lavash, nice strong flavors which paired well with our drinks.  Next we went with the goat cheese ravioli, which was an absolutely fabulous dish with a thin acidic sundried tomato broth matching nicely with the rich goat cheese.  Probably one of my favorite things I've ever been lucky enough to taste.  I LOVED this ravioli.  We also had the scallops wrapped in bacon and the beef skewers, both of which were full of flavor with a nice charred finish.I tried the fresh watermelon martini which was delicious, but possibly a bit overpriced at $10.  The salted rim really brought out the natural sweetness of the watermelon.  It's so nice to have drinks made with real ingredients instead of those awful flavored  syrups!  We also had some wine and beer selections.  Again, the bar prices seemed a bit high, $7 for draft beer is steep, even for a better than average beer.  A Magic Hat keg is around $130 and you get 124 pints from that, seems like you'd still do okay charging $5 or so.  Maybe once they get rolling they'll have a rotating beer of the month or happy pricing to keep things more reasonable for their regulars.  Overall we had a great experience at The Tasting Room and are very excited to try more foods and see what other microbrews will be rotating in.  Maybe some Bells Two-Hearted.  : )   Will be back as much as our budget permits.  Can't wait for another goat cheese ravioli, next time I'm going to get my own portion.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,2/2/2012,498,694,2,4,2>I have to say that I did not get all of the bells and whistles like some of the other Yelpers got.  I did not have my Margarita made by my table, or have the "special" bread.  Although, the prickly pear margarita and honey wheat bread were very good.I came here on a Sunday night.  It was very dead, but our waitress/hostess was very responsive.  I decided to skip the appetizer, and went with the full rack of ribs.  yummy!  They really were fall off the bones.  For $20, you get more food and better quality than the Ale House.  I had some difficulty figuring out the theme though.  They were playing reggae all night long...not really Southwestern...It felt very modern, has a nice bar, and good food.  Can't beat that.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,2/1/2012,243,268,7,4,4>1) Deviled eggs with Sriracha, topped with chives and fresh-cracked black pepper. A little spicy, creamy and very fresh-tasting. 2) Smoked lardo on toast, which also had a sprinkle of fresh-cracked black pepper. Fatty, salty and smoky on crunchy toast.3) The above items are a perfect snack together. Especially since the serving was only 3 deviled egg halves and one piece of toast. And I'm greedy.4) Busiest truck at the Wednesday night Food Truck Pod @ Firestone Live. Always had a long line. 5) I think Chef Tony is my new current crush.....yup!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,1/31/2012,1381,1517,9,7,5>So, after the Elite Yelp event at Urban Rethink I went here with a friend.What did we experience here?  Art.  Music, perhaps spoken word.  A real record player with REAL music playing. .  .I was welcomed with the Police playing and was thrilled to see MJ's Thriller album as well. The decor reminds me of what one might see in "Breakfast at Tiffanys" even though I have not seen the entire movie *I know, I need to finish it*.  I found that this is really a prime downtown corner location to see what's going on. . .if you are into people watching.So, the bar is fun.  Dave is free entertainment really.  Or should I say, we were Dave's entertainment.  Apparently Jeff O. has a body double walking around and I struck up a convo with this dude who played it off for a while. . . He probably kept saying to himself, "why is this chick calling me Jeff?" and then finally confessed that he is in fact, not Jeff O. the yelper, but is Spencer.Oops.  . .So now that we had this cleared up,  Dave explained this entire Yelp thing to Spencer--how yelp is so much more than an app, how it's really a subculture and then he told us about some of  the yelpers that drop in from time to time.  With  Spencer's Yelp education now complete, we thought we should celebrate madly, and  proceeded to owl and plank at Blank Space. See photos 12-15yelp.com/biz_photos/X_wI…So, the point is,  If you're looking for a more sophisticated spot to relax, chat, chill, drink, people watch, meet new friends, plank or owl in downtown Orlando,. . .Blank Space is your spot.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,1/30/2012,188,72,,9,6>Such a huge fan of Big Brunos! Imagine sitting at your favorite beer bar, perhaps Redlight. Okay, let's say it's Redlight Redlight (cause he's there a lot of nights). Then this guy pulls up with a large food cart and just when you were thinking you were hungry starts selling great food. Made to order. Off the cart. I'm a vegetarian, and fortunately Bruno always has something to appease me. Most nights it's a locally made vegan brat, cooked up perfect and with sauteed onions and peppers (if you like). Smother it in mustard and I can't think of a better companion to many beers. I know, I know, 99% of you reading this aren't vegetarian. Don't worry, it's not a veggie cart. He has locally made 100% beef hot dogs, he mixes it up with such fare as (just a couple recent examples): Palmetto creek pork carnets tacos, bacalao frita w/aioli, tortilla espanyol, Spanish omelet with lake meadow eggs, and mussels vinagrette. Yeah, he's got it going on.For a guy with a tiny cart, he delivers a lot of flavor. I can't say enough about the guy and how he runs his business. I'm a big fan.(PLEASE NOTE: Bruno shows up many places, not just Redlight. But he's there Thurs-Sat if I remember right, usually around 8 or 9pm.)EDIT: updated to reflect he now takes credit cards
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,1/29/2012,129,86,5,2,5>I eat'um RAW!Oh man, I love Lee and Ricks like it's an old family member. My father and I have been coming here ever since we first moved to Orlando. When I was younger I mostly just went for the crab legs and the clam bake basket thing. But a few years ago on our annual Father's Day lunch I tried an oyster raw for the first time and I never looked back. Now-a-days all I need is a bucket at the bar and some lemon juice in a squeeze bottle. A packet of saltines doesn't hurt either. I could sit there and just slurp them down one by one. And for those of you that have never had a raw oyster at L&R's, let me give you a play by play. 1) Walk into the building covered with a boat cut-out and go find the light blue bar. 2) Sit down and you will be greeted by a shucker, who will open a packet of saltines for you, ask you what you want to drink and get you a menu.3) In this scenario you order oysters (a dozen or a bucket, depending on how hungry you are). They are brought to you at the bar whole and alive. Your shucker will begin.4) In goes the knife, off comes the top shell, and now in front of you is your fresh raw oyster.5) This is where you channel your inner fear factor contestant. Keep in mind, it looks like a giant booger. I'm not going to lie you you. Worried about food poisoning? Don't. The oysters are brought in fresh everyday and if you are about to eat a bad oyster you can smell it before it even gets close to your mouth. 6) Pick your sauce. Personally I like just lemon juice because I think it give the oyster a tart freshness and helps it come out of the shell easier.7) Grab a shell, bring it up to your mouth, tilt you head back, and... you did it! You ate a raw oyster! See? That wasn't so bad, was it? They're actually pretty good. Now throw that shell into the sink behind the counter! It's half the fun. :)8) Repeat steps 1-7 and enjoy!You can also get them cooked medium or fully if you don't want to venture into the world of raw oysters just yet. There's also crab legs that are pretty good with butter, my fave. Also available are a variety of fried foods... I wouldn't. Fried and chicken tenders are always a fall-safe for kids but I wouldn't recommend the crab cakes or anything along those lines. It's just frozen stuff that they throw in the fryer.And yes L&R's is old, dingy, kinda smelly. But that's part of the charm if  you ask me. The bathrooms are something else. But I'm not reviewing the bathrooms now, am I? I love Lee and Rick's. And for those who don't, I have two words for you.SHUCK YOU! ;)
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,1/28/2012,29,141,2,5,3>On a mission...to clean out your wallet...4 Rivers is a phenomenon like I've never seen.  The rapid speed where this local restaurant (now chain) has achieved such a high level of success and refinement is stunning.  The BBQ is still amazing and translates well here in the new place. The addition of the sweet shop/bakery turns a must visit local landmark (after only a week) into a full-fledged battle to keep some cash in your wallet.  Between the ice cream counter, fresh pastries and a coffee bar a simple outing turns into a real conflict about how to squeeze everything into your visit.The unique hard to find glass bottle soda selection is here (bottle openers are by the trash bins).  Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating is more than welcome and of course the long lines waiting to get food make their usual appearance at peak times.  Come hungry, with your paycheck and with room in your car for take out bags.  You will regret it if you don't.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,1/27/2012,321,407,14,10,8>A former local TV weatherman was at RP today sitting on a barstool with his left leg crossed up under his butt for his entire meal -- yowch!  He must do Yoga.The great Johnny Cash was singing his classic song Ring of Fire (recorded of course)  just after I was seated. That was a good omen.  My original review of the Pig was not kind, and it was based upon several lunch visits, in which I considered their lunch to be an afterthought.  Only when I went there for dinner for the first time did I up their rating. Today, after checking out the October menu on the InterTubes, I saw some intriguing lunch items and decided to venture there for lunch once again.  I wanted so badly to cheat on my diet and order the grilled dates with prosciutto and goat cheese, but I opted for two house-made soft pretzels accompanied by stone-ground mustard and a marvelous taleggio-porter fondue.My entree was a flatbread with roasted figs*, preserved orange pesto, manchego, arugula and hazelnut.  Oh yeah, baby, give it to me.The service and surroundings were excellent as always here at the Ravenous Pig.* One of the few antique items I own is a 100+ year-old typewriter.  One of the keys is FIG.  I don't know what that was used for, but a visitor suggested (seriously) that maybe it was a shortcut for when you wanted to type the word "fig."
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,1/26/2012,86,62,14,9,7>Anybody that has had more than a few meals with me has probably heard my bitching that not enough places offer Swedish meatballs. It's completely incomprehensible. Walk down the freezer isle of your local grocery establishment and you'll find Swedish meatballs offered by every single brand. They have to be popular, right? Visit Ikea, one of the few places around to offer the bite size meatwads, and over half of the plates are loaded with balls.My gal (who also enjoys the balls) and I both ordered the sample plate special ($7 each) to get a variety of offerings. I also decided to get an extra order of meatballs and mashed potatoes ($7.50). The rationale here was that a sampler may be small and I might want a bit more, but if I was full, I could always start off the next morning with a mouth full of balls.Our order was to go, and we were given 3 takeout containers in a bag. When I asked which ones were the samplers and which was the order or meatballs, the delightful woman laughed, held up an entirely different takeout box, and said that was the extra order of meatballs. Oh my, this is going to be a lot of food.So... The food. The sampler, broken down.1 - Meatballs and mashed potatoes - You get 2 meatballs (hey, it's a sampler!), some mashed p's, cream sauce, and a bit of lingonberry jam. Even with my love of meatballs, this was not my first bite, so my gal had one her hers first. "It's very meaty." She exclaimed. As I gave her the look of "Yeah, no shit, they are MEATballs, dummy.", she continue. "They are very dense. Seems like more meat and less filler than other places." It was a pretty perfect description. I'm use to going somewhere and being able to eat countless meatballs of the same size. These obviously have a lot more substance to them. While they were very, very tasty, I can't help but think they might be better if they weren't made with lean ground beef. I felt just a bit more fat would have made them a bit more moist, which would have really been perfect for me. The lean ground beef is probably a draw for others, so I'm probably in the minority here.2 - Hot dog wrap - Thin bread wrap stuffed with an all-beef hot dog, mashed p's, spices, and fresh crab salad. I'll be honest... I was more curious about this item than looking forward to it. Fresh crab salad with a hot dog? It sounded like somebody put the menu together while hanging out next to the truck while the paint dried. "A favorite fast food in Sweden after a night out". OK, so it's an actual item. It ended up being the surprise hit of the night. No matter how hard I try, I can't think of a way to describe this item. It's so unique, but oh-so delicious. I'm not sure how the size of the sample version compared to when you order it by itself, but I can imagine this fucker can be filling very fast. If I were in public, I probably would have had to explain to a bunch of strangers on how amazing it was. Since I was with my girlfriend and she had her own, she basically just looked at each other with our mouths stuffed, pointed, and approved. I'm planning another trip to Swededish sometime just so I can get a whole one of these.3 - Potato cupcake4 - Cheese and onion pastryI'm lumping these items together because of their similarities. I loved the potato cupcake (don't even ask what's in it, I'm an idiot and figuring that stuff out... Maybe Gargoye skin and cheese?) and really enjoyed the cheese and onion pastry. I could see myself eating a tray of the potato cupcakes, holding a viking sword in one hand, while declaring "MORE!" from the little people below. Both of the items came with... Well, I'm not entirely sure. It seemed like onions and a little cabbage, but I don't want to say that's what it was because then if I'm wrong somebody might kick me in the dick and say "Hey idiot, it was this, not that!" So, they came with something. I enjoyed it, but I probably only needed half as much.So the sampler? Dynamite! What a great deal for $7! Lots of food, and you get all sorts of tastes. It also filled me up enough that I decided to leave the other order of meatballs until the next morning.The order of meatballs made for a wonderful breakfast. I already covered the items in there. It's just... More. There are only 5 or 6 meatballs in an order, and 3 decently sized scoops of mashed p's. The creme sauce, lingonberry jam, and pickled gherkins are all there too. While the night before I was annoyed that there were only 5 or 6 meatballs, after eating them I understood the numbers a bit more. I would probably campaign for an extra meatball or 2 and lower the amount of tator's, but that's also after the incredible deal that is the sampler plate. Since the sampler is a special though, I don't think it's always going to be an option.It's not a question of if I'll be back. The question is, "How soon is now?" Hrmmff. I've already waited too long.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,1/25/2012,138,169,3,8,5>During the holiday break my girlfriend and I stopped in Connolly's for a beer.  Its just below our house and we have wanted to try it for some time now.  Walking in the place looks very neat and tidy.  Authentic Irish banners hang on the walls, Tv's are new, the bar is clean, the lighting is bright, the floor looks mopped and the wood on the walls compliment the bar.As we strike up a conversation with the owner (Lenny) we are educated on his experience, where he is from and what Connolly's has to offer.  Lenny made us feel as though we were having a beer at a friends house.  The others in the bar were also polite and chatty.  A good vibe!I enjoyed the beer selection, although I do tend to like a variety.  Maybe a few more beers are needed, but the ones on tap are good.  Not your cheap regular washed out brews that others carry.  Also, he doesn't serve liquor, just beer and wine. Obviously this place caters to a certain crowd and isn't worried about appealing to "everyone".  I like that, personally. Lenny spoke of numerous events, certain public officials that visit and that he tries to keep a good crowd.  Thats good because I can picture myself stopping in for a brew often.My only gripe is with the lack of a food menu.  We expressed this to him and he told us why, so we hope he can possibly offer something in the future.  However, the lack of food doesn't take anything away from Connolly's.  Looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,10/23/2012,304,661,,8,10>Orlando Brewing is located off of Atlanta Ave, a few blocks up from Kaley Ave, just south of downtown Orlando. This area is very industrial and if you arrive early enough you can hit my favorite feed store a few steps down for some great dog food, treats and toys. I will next time! :)The large Orlando Brewing building houses the brewing operation and has an indoor taproom and an adjacent outside covered area with picnic tables. I arrived at 5:45 to a full parking lot and all of the seats at the bar full. Plenty of tables were available, I was greeted by Crystal, the friendly bartender. Tuesdays means, $2 Orlando brew beers off the taps for ladies. I picked the Red Ale and settled in for a nice evening. Their large brew menu had a nice selection of craft beers on tap, in bottles along with some ciders. As our group arrived, beers were ordered and we decided to take advantage of the available menu binder, which has the local food places that will deliver to Orlando Brewing since food isn't served. Our group ended up ordering Brick and Fire pizza, which delivered quickly. (Tasty pizza, nice apps and salads.) Our group stayed for the Beer and Chocolate tasting- 4oz pours of 4 different Orlando Brewing beers, paired with a chocolate from Ferris and Fosters for $10. The beers were described, as was the chocolate and we were off to enjoy our goodies. This was a fun, interactive event for a group like ours. We sampled through the beers making suggestions for other pairings and talked about our favorite points of the various beers. Our table of lady beer enthusiasts would have enjoyed some more info/education on the beers, but it was a great event for beer drinkers of all levels. This event offered a nice introduction to beers offered at Orlando Brewing; at our tasting the Red Ale, Brown Ale, Blackwater Dry Porter and Eagle Stout were served. Though the event time was listed as 7PM, there were people who came in well after 7PM that were able to enjoy the Beer and Chocolate parings. Great place, great people and nice laid back atmosphere. There are special events regularly, so grab a printed calendar by the door or check their website or Facebook page, which is updated regularly. Brewery tours are available.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,10/22/2012,320,258,6,7,6>So, there's this thing called, I love burgers. And there is this other thing called, Teak might be my favorite burger place in Orlando. Yeah, I said it. Favorite. Let's get into the details... First, the environment. Typical sports bar scenery - lots of TV's (perfect for football season!) but I think Teak adds a nice little extra flavor to it. They have a huge back patio, and they have fun lights hung all over the ceiling. Their staff? Incredibly nice and attentive. They are eager to give suggestions and definitely on top of their game. Now, let's talk about food. The menu WILL overwhelm you. I can't even lie. The burger menu has it's OWN separate menu so you could easily come here 100 times and probably still not have tried everything on both menus. I personally don't like large menus, so I picked something that I saw first and something that I thought looked ridiculous (y'all know the most ridiculous looking items are usually the best, right?). Needless to say, that item was the PB&J burger. PB&J is one of my favorite things, and you're going to put it in a burger?!? Done. So, it had almond & peanut butter spread, orange marmalade, potato strings, and provolone cheese all inside a warm soft pretzel bun. There aren't many other words to describe it but absolutely delicious. I would highly recommend it. I cannot wait to hit this place back up but don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach. The burgers are huge.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,10/21/2012,69,489,,12,5>We've been here twice in the last 3 weeks and we have FINALLY found the best pizza in Orlando! The owner of this restaurant is from Rome and he has came over to our table both times to speak with us and he is very genuine and obviously knows what he is doing. He explained that he has a restaurant in Italy and spends time over there and here in Orlando. The pizzas that we have tried are amazing! Thin crust but with tons of flavor. We still haven't tried the pasta but we will soon and I will speak about it when it happens. The selection is unbelievable, they have everything you could possible think of when it comes to pizza. Don't forget about the Tiramisu, it was heaven! It is homemade and it shows.Highly recommended!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,10/20/2012,359,280,5,5,3>Are you hungry?No I mean really extremely hungry to the point that only a massive burrito can bring you back to life. Well then Beto's is the place to go when hunger strikes! Their burritos are gigantic, their nachos can feed a football player, and the enchiladas can start a party. This place is open 24/7 so whatever craving that comes Beto's can take care of you. Try the machata burrito it's served fresh hot with onions, green peppers, cheese, eggs, and steak.Another postive plus is that they have horchatas (aqua frescas) yay!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/19/2012,71,58,3,9,2>This place will change your life! If you need to purchase meat or produce Freshfield Farms is the place to go.  The prices will knock your socks off,  I mean,  you won't be able to believe it...ever.  The assortment of meat items available is amazing and the produce is ultra fresh and also has a great selection. I have shopped here for small dinners and for large parties.  Last July 4th,  I was able to buy more than enough food for a very large party and did not even come close to breaking the bank.  You cannot get other grocery items here so you'll still need to hit up Publix or Target or whatever retailer you prefer but that small speed bump should not deter you.  Often times, I get the items I need at the other stores and then do my meat/produce shopping here.  The quality and price is well worth multiple stops in my opinion.  Only con: the meat side smells funny.  Oh well ;)
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/18/2012,1381,1517,5,10,4>I could not be more pleased.  After a horrible experience with the dermatologist, I finally got the results I was looking for here in just one session. In retrospect, I wished I would have just skipped the dermatologist and come here first.  I had been experiencing a crazy bout with my skin that was driving me nuts.  While reviewing the website, I decided a detox facial would be what would most fit my needs.  The esthetician agreed, and that's what I opted for.The low lighting, ambient music, along with decor makes one feel very relaxed while receiving the treatment.  I was given water to drink upon arrival, and after my treatment.  The esthetician also gave me recommendations of a future treatment plan which included follow up detox facials and a regimen of chemical peels.All of it sounded really awesome to me. . .in theory of course.   My mother told me once that "money makes people look good."  And she's right.  While receiving my facial, I kept thinking of how awesome it would be to have unlimited funds to receive all prior mentioned treatments.  I'm sure I would have amazing results, however, I do have other expenses in life.   The spa offers a wide range of services--from facials, peels, massage, mineral cosmetics, in addition to their specialized line of skin products, etc. . .I was thrilled the spa honored a google deal $25 for $50.  I wanted to buy it on my phone, but as always, my phone never holds a charge and was quickly fading just as I showing the deal to the technician.  They honored the deal without me even having to buy it, which I thought was outstanding.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,10/17/2012,81,45,5,9,8>I had such a magical evening on Saturday dining with 12 friends with a private vintage champagne and wine.Chatham's is located in a little office building tucked away like a little gem behind the over hype resto on restaurant row.Once you arrive in the parking lot the entrance is located on the side of the building, however there's a very small vestibule, where the restrooms are located, ladies you are provided with Avon hand moisturizers and soaps, not some unknown antiseptic soap.Once you veer to the left the small dining room open up like a  well kept small secret. Upon entering you notice the elegant older decor reminiscent of the early 80's Dynasty era.If you hail from New York it will remind you of the small, special family restaurant in little Italy only a friend of a friend is invited to.Our group was tucked away to the right for more privacy. Each table was dress in fine white tablecloth, glass candlelight (not Glades). Fresh red roses on each table add a nice touch.We had 8 different glasses for the different wines we were tasting, which was a great touch to have specialty glasses available base on the type of grapes.We were assisted by a team of head waiter, assistant, and busboy that were excellent and efficient about what you should expected from a fine dining establishment. Upon entering the dining room I was directed to the table, the chair was pulled out and the napkin was unfurl onto my lap.I was asked if I wanted carbonated or still water, I was thinking still water will not be an expensive affair, well I was wrong it was to the tune of $8.00 per bottle.Regrettably I must have drink 2 bottles, 1 bottle was taken care of by our host David.TIPSI must warn you this is not the type of restaurant that relies on quick turnkey. (meaning they expect most guest to be done within an hour so they can turn the table over) this more of a beautiful journey in opening your palette.We were there for 4 hours :), meaning this is not Wendys or Mcdonald if your food doesn't arrive in 30  seconds you can have a fit, this is more like 30 mtes per course to give your palette a chance to savor every morsels. If you are in a hurry or can't fathom spending 4 hours on dinner, you  better go to a chain restaurant.You can bring your own wine but there is a corkage fee of $20.00, now let me explain why this is worth it.Upon bringing your wine you will be assign a sommelier at least I hope he was :) who will analyze the wine and figure out how much aeration is needed and proceed to decant the wine and give you an estimate of time. We started with the special appetizer of the day while sipping our first cuvee of champagne.TipThis is not the Golden Coral buffet,don't expect the portions to be gargantuan.We were serve with brushcetta which was very flavorful, artisan bread with a dollop of butter with fresh Parmesan cheese and herb. I wish I was ABLE TO ask for a doggie bag for the bread.while waiting for our entree we had a beautiful Caymus 1996 and 2009 to clean our palette.Chef Tony sent us a little gift of a spoon of pasta marinated in a scrumptious red pepper sauce with fresh Italian basil.At this point we were ready for more wine to flow, we were not disappointed by the Mouton Baronne Phillip de Rotschild.In between courses our silverware were changed for the next course, unfortunately the assistant didn't clean our table of the bread residues, as I anticipated.Our main course arrive unfortunately the plating didn't seduce my vision as I've had at other fine dining restaurant such as Norman.The plating consist of half a teaspoon sweet potatoes separated by ONE GREEN BEAN. Which provided fodder for my companions, one analogy was there's a scarcity of green bean so we must be on ration of just 1 per person lol.However my disappointment was short lived upon tasting the morsel of chicken in a delectable sauce that revived my taste buds for an affinity of chicken. I was informed by our head waiter the chicken was organic and free range. When I asked him to elaborate on the type free range if the chickens were free during the day and put into a pen at night. He told me their chicken was completely free range.My friend had the roasted duck and rack of lamb, both of them were making funny noises as they were deguste their meals.After savoring 7 gorgeous bottle of wine, including champagne I opt for desert. However my companions had the key lime pie, banana pudding.After 4 hours of fine dining and amazing wine and champagne it was time to take the party to Vines for some music and dancing.Pros of chathamIt's intimateGreat 5 star servicePiano player is fabulousCreative dishesGreat sommelier servicesThis is a great spot to celebrate important milestone in your lifeConsIt's an older crowd Late 50-70'sPlating is not creativeClose early
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/16/2012,70,376,,8,3>I was surprised after reading all the reviews I decided to make some reservations for Friday evening.  As it turned at we were virtually the only ones in the restaurant at 6:30pm.  We have family in and they were leaving soon so I left my choice up to Yelp.  My wife and I had walked by and planned to check it out as well since it looked very inviting from the outside.  Walking in you can see a trendy sort of intimate restaurant.  Modern decor and dim lighting with candlelit tables and red neon glow coming from the bar it is a great place to go for a date or another quiet evening.  Although my daughter is a bit of a food snob, they really do not have much for kids, but they do serve more grown up style food for kids.  They have grilled cheese, chicken fingers, variations of pasta with marinara or white sauce, and a petite steak serving.  Though they do not really have a "kids" menu.  The menu is actually printed daily.  We tried some of the chophouse specials, as well as, steak and seafood specialties.  The meals were as good as they looked.  As a word of warning, this is not a budget dinning experience.  Entrees are around $30-40 and some are not complete with veggies and starches, but you can compliment them for around $10.  The service was top notch as well.  Overall, a great place to enjoy real food!  I would probably seek another venue to dine with young kids, particularly ones who do not do well in restaurants.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/15/2012,48,286,,9,5>Brand new deli/bakery/town market that opened on the corner of Market Street.   As with all new eateries, it's going to take some time to work out a few kinks, but overall an enjoyable experience!This shop is open for all meal times and currently has a smaller menu.  Breakfast menu consists of hot breakfast sandwiches, assorted baked items and bagels.  Lunch and dinner offerings are sandwiches, made with Boar's Head products, salad and soups.  Also serving basic Espresso beverages.The Town Market section has the basics: candy, milk, eggs, yogurt... you can also buy the Boar's Head meats and cheese.  All the little things that you manage to forget on your big shopping trip.  Prices were in line with a larger market and I wouldn't hesitate to pop in for that half gallon of milk!My first trip here I tried a latte and oatmeal.  The latte was well crafted and I thoroughly enjoyed my caffeine fix for the morning.  The oatmeal was basic, good, but busic.  It was served with a small ramekin of fresh blueberries and crushed pecans.  They currently offer gluten free bread and are looking into bringing other products in in the future.This is a solid addition to Celebration and can't wait to see how it shapes up in the future!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,10/14/2012,2620,128,,10,7>Freshley prepared greek food...smiling funny owner right behind the counter preparing your food in plain site...yelling out thank you for coming and offering free samples.The location in Winter Park is a little off the beaten track...in a small strip center built long ago. There will likely be a line out the door down the sidewalk...consisting of regulars ready to suggest their fav...usually the gyros.The place is old but clean...There are only about 4 tables inside and a couple on the sidewalk outside. So you will see lawyers, construction workers, soccer moms n college students sharing tables...discussing their love of this tiny place.Ok...the lamb is prepared daily...spiced just right...and piled  high on your plate or gyros...the tzatziki sauce is made fresh throughout the day n poured liberally on the lamb. The huge gyros n sides is almost more than two can finish...but we still order two things and share...taking the rest to go.It is small and the lines can be long...but this hidden gem of local goodness will make a greek food lover out of you.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,11/18/2014,1381,1517,5,4,7>I am a fan of this area.  Simply because it is great for walking about, and a really great spot for a date.  If everything goes well, for example, there are plenty of other places to keep you occupied.Parking can be a challenge at times, however, with SunRail now in service, this is probably one of the only stops with businesses within walking distance (maybe expect for Florida Hospital Heatlh Village).Of course, one of my sole reasons for coming here is Alex & Ani, and mainly to walk around.  Having events on occasion is another great reason to visit the area.Yes, this part of town is rather pricey, but great for a night out and walking about.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,11/17/2014,197,592,8,6,7>I live on the east side of Orlando, and while subsequent to the loss of Mama Millie's due to the destruction of the UC7 plaza I was able to wipe away the tears of loss with a big piece of jerk chicken at Mark's, I had never found a suitable replacement for Indian cuisine on this side of town when Anmol suffered the same fate. So it was an uplifting moment when I saw that Tamarind had risen from the ashes of Cypriana (a sad loss in itself, if only for the skordalia -- find a better one in town, I dare you). Great, finally an Indian restaurant not far away!They've done a great job remodeling the interior into something more comfortable and attractive than in its previous life. It's much more clean and inviting.  The service was quick and friendly, and I was well attended to throughout my visit.I ordered the Lamb Korma and the Chicken Hyderabadi for my wife and I to share, along with an order of the Garlic Naan. The Lamb Korma (ordered with a medium spice level) was my favorite, although both dishes were delicious, aromatic and flavorful.  While the korma was creamy with just a touch of sweetness to balance the added spice, the hyderabadi was a curry-based dish with a real kick.  Both are served with rice.  The Garlic Naan was the only weakness -- definitely tasty, but two pieces for $3.50 seems a little high.Based on my first experience, I'd have a really hard time finding any fault with the place.  Great experience all around.  I'm interested in trying the lunch buffet soon.Update (4/11/2014) : I've tried the lunch buffet now, which at $8.95 is a really good value.  It's a larger size buffet, with a good selection of menu items to try.  Included in the price is free naan at the table, which will keep coming as long as you want it to.  I won't be doing it often because I just can't help myself when I do.  And I'm trying to LOSE weight, not gain it!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/16/2014,41,82,7,7,6>This is my favorite dive bar.  Ever.      My wife and I have been Hideaway regulars for a number of years now.  It's usually the first stop on our bar hopping trail through Lake Ivanhoe and downtown Orlando, or a place to bring some of our closest friends and out-of-towners.  Its bartenders (Rhi, Lynn, Shonette, Chelsea) are super-friendly, fun, and make a concerted effort to remember our drink and food favorites.  Boy, can they mix a mean cocktail.  And for only $6 for a double... goodness, who can beat that!?The buffalo hot and terriyaki merlot chicken wings are always bursting with flavor, and  the burgers are oh so juicy.  And did I mention the wings are only five bucks on Sundays!?!  Even though we're not smokers, we still enjoy our time there.  We rarely go when it's too crowded anyway.  It's so budget-conscious and unpretentious at The Hideaway, that it feels like home.  We simply cannot get enough.TIP FOR NEWBIES... They don't take credit or check cards, so bring cash.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,11/15/2014,70,146,7,7,2>John Rivers could open a restaurant centered around pixie-stix and it would still crush.Hot on the heels of the mega-popular 4Rivers BBQ (seriously, how many of those peace love 4R sticklers do you see on the daily?) they came correct with A Southern Affair.The Coop (as it is more well-known) is seemingly marketed as a chicken joint, but they offer so much more.On a peaceful Saturday afternoon (pro tip: EXCELLENT time to stop in...no lines no wait) the wife and I moseyed in for a taste of what's new. Slid right up to the counter and got to orderin'.Had to try the chicken...it's on the sign for crying out loud. So got the two piece tender meal with a side of baked mac and cheese as well as a side of the bread pudding (which came heavily recommended from a friend).Also went with the meatloaf sandwich (came with fries or hush puppies...went with fries).The process was smooth and the service was great.In fact although we ordered a 2 piece tender meal, we actually got 3...the employee dishing up our plate told us the ones we got looked a little small so she hooked it up.Score.Got some ranch for dipping and that was that.Side note: I dunno if they make their own ranch or what, but this was perhaps the best ranch I've ever had...for reals.The meatloaf sandwich they make to order, so after they gave us a number for the table we made our way to the dining room.Love the decor. Very Southern Living if you know what I mean.White washed walls with mismatched wooden tables and chairs give it this great country feel that we both enjoyed.Big windows, lotsa natural light...a place you could really get comfy in if I do say so myself.After a minute the meatloaf and fries arrived...it was a heaping portion for lunch.Been told the meatloaf is comprised of the same cuts used for 4R's brisket and pork, so it's got that going for it.Tender and juicy...a tad lack luster in the flavor department though.Wouldn't say bland but it wasn't bold.A little ketchup came in handy.What was bold was the bread pudding. Basically a cinnamon roll smashed into a bowl with icing drizzled on top.So good...so glad we got it. Perfect for splitting.The entire experience was great (not surprised).Looking forward to another trip cuz that Fried Green Tomato BLT is calling my name.The End.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,11/14/2014,83,146,6,9,8>Tacos tacos tacos! This place has got some legit tacos, mini tacos to be exact! A friend of mine told me about this place, and I just had to go and try it for myself.  Ever since that first visit I've been back a couple of times. The restaurant itself looks like it's a little old and a little sketch, but hey that's part of the adventure.  When you walk in, I automatically feel like I'm in Mexico.  It can feel warm inside, and I don't know if it's just the island blood in me, but it didn't bother me at all. hah. Don't worry, for those of you who don't speak spanish, there usually is family member that is there to help you out and make sure your order is just what you wanted ;) Let's get down to the nitty gritty, the food here is bomb.  Inexpensive prices, fresh ingredients, and food comes out pretty fast.  I can tell it's freshly made just by seeing the women in the back hand make everything.  I absoutely LOVE the Carne Asada tacos, perfectly seasoned, and there's a topping bar to add whatever you'd like. Do yourself a favor and order more than 2, trust me :)  Don't forget to add those Christmas sauces, but make sure you ask which one's are spicy or not! They have other things in the menu other than Tacos, some of their specials are written on the board, and their menu literally consists of three print out pages.  If you want flautas, sopes, enchilada's, quesadilla's. Yup they got it! Also, try out their juices. Personally I love the Pineapple juice and the Horchata drink - Rick milk, don't let that fool you and make you question it, just get it ;)
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/13/2014,128,118,6,5,6>Hollarbach ist wunderbar!There are so many wonderful reviews so i'll be brief!  I'm no expert at German food, but I know what i like, and their schnitzel (breaded meat) is the bomb!  Perfect crisp out the outside and meaty juicy inside.  The sides are all traditional and pair perfectly with my favorite being the kas spatzle.  It is handmade egg noodle with cheese...like a mac and cheese but better!  Chase it down with some German beer.  Try the Schoeferhoffer grapefruit and Franziskaner Hefe Dunkel.  There is live music on Thur-Sun complete with polka music and remixed favorite sing-along classics you will typically hear at a piano bar, but substituted with an accordian! There were cow bells too!I'll definitely come back and bring at least 4 friends to tackle the boot of beer and nosh on a 10 oz homemade pretzel and just sing my lungs out!  I bet futbol games here are awesome too!  Good job Sanford!zicke zacke zicke zacke hoy hoy hoy!  Who wants to come?!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2014,11/12/2014,120,96,4,4,3>This is a one-stop location for all things yummy, delicious, entertaining, and relaxing. Monday night market, Nerd Nite, events, parties, coffee in the morning, a place to sit and study, or just read, or meet up with friends, and friends with kids, or just bring a kid and a dog, or just a dog. Sit outside or inside on comfy chairs and long tables. Uber talented barista-chef-bartenders that will blow your mind with cocktail creativity and TATER TOTS. So many tater tots.Come here. You'll fit in. No matter who you are. No matter what you are like. Unless you're mean. Don't come here and be mean. This place is too awesome to ruin with that kind of attitude. Be chill. Also, bring $5 for the instamat photo booth machine thing. LOVE that thing.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/11/2014,469,289,4,3,5>I love close by and I can be a pretty territorial being. Like a firemouth cichlid, or a little rat dog foaming at the mouth. The Milk district has become my place. Tuesday used to just be the day that follows Monday but now It's Tasty Tuesdays. Some of the great food trucks frequent this meetup spot. Bem Bom, Cara-bama, Sushi and Seoul on a roll, etc. Find local musicians playing at the Milk Bar, go on into Space Bar for some pinball action, and play pool at sportstown. Grab some drunk food over at Gringos Locos. Enjoy the Shit Sandwich Comedy show at the Bull and Bush and buy a scotch egg. Get all unclassy and shit and go to whiskey Lous for some dranks.Take in a show at the Plaza Theater Live. Enjoy breakfast and baked goods at se7en bites and then go to Kyle's Bike shop, buy a bike and work off the calories. When I was sick i got some great vegan soup from the Drunken Monkey. When I was well I got a great sandwich at Pom Poms. Don't forget to order the german potato salad. I also once stalked Jimmy Fallon as he ordered a Beefy King sandwich and some tots. The Milk district is filled with so many interesting things. it's worth a venture out.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,11/10/2014,37,98,2,9,7>At 7 p.m. on a Wednesday night we walked into Santiago's Bodega for a bite to eat after a very long day. A friendly hostess reluctantly informed us that every table was reserved for the remainder of the evening. This tapas restaurant was void of a single seat except for two at the bar. We settled for a meal barside because clearly for a place to be full mid-week they must be doing something right. I rarely have a difficult time deciding what to eat, but this night I wanted to order everything. After landing on the Sangria, Greek Salad, Chicken Skewers and Hummus Trio we happily settled into conversation in anticipation of our food arriving. Originally founded in Key West, this true neighborhood restaurant serves up a variety of flavors and relatively large "small plates." I'd venture to say most items are "medium" sized plates, large enough for multiple people to actually share and enjoy, but small enough that you'll want to order multiple plates for your table. My red wine sangria was tasty, not too sweet or bitter and the perfect start to our meal. The Greek Salad was delivered first and I wasn't expecting anything exceptional, but this was easily one of the best Greek Salads I've ever tasted. The presentation was notable and the portion was larger than expected with fresh iceberg lettuce, kalamata olives, feta, red onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and pepperoncinis in a lemon caper vinaigrette. Sometimes greek dressing leaves behind a funky aftertaste and flavor on your tongue, but this vinaigrette was smooth and dressed the salad well to bring out the full flavor without overpowering the toppings. The hummus trio was served with traditional hummus, roasted red pepper hummus, black olive tapenade and served with salted pita bread. Hummus trios are popping up on menus everywhere, but what makes this one noteable is the flavor. This plate was simply three hummus varieties done right served with real salted pita bread. I'd venture to say Santiago's Bodega has Orlando's best hummus platter with Marlow's Tavern hummus coming in for a close second. Lastly our chicken skewers arrived marinated in olive oil, lemon zest, rosemary and served with a lemon-tarragon sauce. The skewers were a little tough and packed with strong flavors, I'm not sure if I would order again, but if lemon and tarragon are your go-to flavors, you'll probably enjoy these skewers.Greatly anticipating our next meal! Here's what's on our list to order next time:Beef Carpaccio - shaved tenderloin, capers, parmesan crumble, smoked sea salt, truffle oil, and cilantro.Green Beans - French style, with gruyere cheese and prosciutto tossed in lemon caper vinaigrette.Shrimp - Half-dozen peel & eat Key West pinks.Bacon and Basil Wrapped Mushrooms - With basil aioli.Beef Tenderloin - Seared and topped with bleu cheese butter.Maine Lobster - Butter poached, pear & orange segments.Beef Short Ribs - cherry-hoisin glazed, orange-miso slaw.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,11/9/2014,30,5,11,8,4>It took many years but the owners at Trevi Pasta have perfected seamless portal technology and implemented it into their Pasta Shop.  In reality I'm one of the few that has realized that the shop actually resides somewhere in Napoli, Italy.  You see as you open the door, you are actually stepping through a micro tear in the space time continuum and entering a shop in Italy.  To make sure that their patrons do not get frightened they have also deployed some sort of unknown 8k resolution microthin screen placed over the windows that mirrors in real time the happenings on Edgewater drive.How am I certain of this?  For one the pasta made here is ridiculously fresh, and everyone tries to speak to you in Italian-English hybrid.  On the counter are the possible pastas you can order and then you can tell them how you want it cut up.  Then the craziest thing they do next is they actually take the raw pasta and run it through a machine right there in front of you!  You also get to pick the sauce that it goes with, and when you taste it you will know it was made by the Italian Auntie you wished you had growing up.  .In addition to pasta to eat in, they also have stuff you can buy for home use later.  I'm suprised I didn't have to declare it on my way out.  (again, benefits of portal technology).  Also before you leave make sure you get their Gelato!  It is so succulent sweet and smooth and it leaves your tongue feeling like Andrea Bocelli has been whispering sweet nothings into your ear for the last half hour. PS Being a restaurant that is actually physically located in Italy I'm surprised that they accept US currency instead of EUROSPPS Check the facebook page to see what they have for today! facebook.com/TreviPastaL…
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,6/10/2012,222,330,,5,4>It's like a secret, VIP, indie theater....for everyone!I love the facelift they gave their patio which is now Eden Bar and is decorated with a quiet fountain and plenty of Christmas lights. It's got a tasteful, intimate, romantic feel to it and is a perfect place for a drink before a film.The Enzian shows a delightfully eclectic genre of movies in a comfortable environment. I will say the theater itself feels a bit dated and a faint whiff of mustiness is evident in the air but that adds a bit of charm as well.They also regularly show "cult classics" and free movies "on the lawn" so there's definitely something for everyone and unlike most mainstream films at the big theater; at $10 a ticket, it's actually worth the price!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,6/9/2012,114,90,2,3,4>Now La Spadas is a hidden gem, I have been hearing about it for almost a year on the radio or from different people. Its not a huge radio advertiser so I don't think they get the credit they deserve but I have heard drunky from the monsters in the morning show talk about it being his favorite philly place and Ive been wanting to try it out. I almost did a couple times before but couldn't really find it or didn't have the name spelled correctly or something was keeping me. BUt not the other day, I finally made an effort to find this place and Im glad i did. I was not disappointed. They are hidden in a plaza off of lee rd and its right across from the popeyes chicken and the sam ash music store. This place is a hole in the wall, sort of a dive, well definitely a dive. From what I hear its just like any of the best philly spots in philly. And the story is that they are from philly and own a few stores in florida I think one in jacksonville maybe another somewhere.   I think its funny because I have my foursquare linked with my facebook and twitter, and usually when I check in somewhere good I get feedback from people that love it, and this time was no exception, I got great feedback from people i never really hear from saying they miss it, or its their fav or they didnt know there was a spot in orlando, either way I was treated when I went there and I won't soon forget my experience.When I pulled up, there was no one else there but a huge table of about 20 cops, like a gang task force or something. it was a little intimidating. but I was starving. It was just before lunch that I showed up, and no one else was in line so I ordered the special which was a 8" philly with mushrooms and onions, and a fries. The food came pretty quick and I grabbed a table. The philly was delicious, great tasting meat and even though it was canned mushrooms they were delicious, it was all melded together perfectly with what seemed like a delicious tasting home baked roll, My one complaint was that it was over stuffed and the bottom was splitting open, but since it wasn't a huge mess and I did end up eating every last bite that fell out I won't deduct anything from my rating here. The service was quick, they do have a lil bit of up north attitude or flair depending on how ya look at it, but that all adds to the atmosphere in my opinion. The place is decorated lightly like a hole in the wall, but the food is hot and delicious and the service was quick. All in all it was a killer philly and I will definitely be back soon.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,6/8/2012,56,82,,15,7>This place is like spanish food heaven! I have been eating here a while and everything is so good. If you love mofongo, you have to try this place out. My usual is carne frita ( fried Pork) with mofongo, but I am now hooked on the avocado salad and rotisserie chicken. I don't speak spanish, but I usually am able to order by pointing and trying to sound something out. Sometimes there is someone there to translate. Don't let that stop you from giving this place a try. Today I got half a chicken,  two sides, and coconut flan for $10. Great prices! I will be eating on this for at least three meals. The place gets packed with locals and parking can be a pain when its busy. They also have an array of baked breads and sweets.Check it out!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,6/7/2012,42,94,2,6,4>I have to say I've only been in Orlando for 2 months, but I think I found my place to take out of towners.  I don't think I've ever had a better pulled pork sandwich, and I've been all over the US. Yellow Dog Eats is a unique place that was recommended by my vet tech who just so happened to be in culinary school.  He said listen, you have to go to this place called Yellow Dog Eats, the chef's name is Fish.  I thought it was strange and I was intrigued.  And so it started.  I had the pleasure of going to Yellow Dog this past weekend, and I am so glad I did.  For one thing, this isn't your usual restaurant.  First off, it's actually a remodeled home.  It is absolutely homey inside and the decor is very eclectic to say the least.  Pictures of previous customers and their four legged friends adorn the door frames and cover the walls. Yellow Dog being a dog friendly restaurant earn 2 stars from me now that I have a puppy ;) . They have something for everyone here with not only sandwiches, soups and salads but what they are known better for is their BBQ.  My wife being a pseudo vegan was in heaven because they have many vegetarian options which is awesome since I can come here for the BBQ and my wife can come for the unique and creative veggie sandwiches.  So about that BBQ.  I usually don't swear on here because I like to keep it professional. But the BBQ is fucking delicious.  It's out of this world.  I've never had "gold" sauce.  Coming from Chicago we have that rich dark sauce and I had never been exposed to anything so light as the gold sauce at Yellow Dog. But it was awesome.  I ended up getting the Rufus which is their traditional pulled pork sandwich with melted Brie, Raspberry Melba.  I got it with fried onions and bacon and I have to say it was unbelievable.  The pulled pork was tender and juicy, the bbq sauce had the right amount of heat.  Brie and Raspberry just made it come altogether.  I think next time I would try the Elvis as that seems more traditional but this was still absolutely delicious.  I think the best part about YD is that they have so many different things to choose from, and they do specials daily which they post on Facebook.  I love how into social media they are and I think that is important nowadays for businesses.  I look forward to giving Fish and the rest of YD my business for as long as I am in the Orlando area.  Great Job Guys!!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,6/6/2012,62,481,,11,7>The Tasting Room is a great small plates restaurant in charming Winter Garden. Because it is operated from the same kitchen as The Chef's Table--one of Central Florida's best restaurants--you'd expect the food to be great, and it is. The Tasting Room is a lively and less formal atmosphere than The Chef's Table, and the emphasis is on sampling lots of different foods, accompanied by craft beers, wines by the glass, or exotic cocktails from the full bar. On our first visit, my favorites were the fish dip, the bacon-wrapped scallops, and the bourbon pecan dessert. It's great to be able to drop in to such a fine dining experience without needing a reservation. Definitely a new favorite.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,6/5/2012,66,68,,5,4>Mientras siga viendo tu cara en la cara de la luna.....Bacilos and Carlos Vives blasting through the speakers, arepas and empanadas with postobon in hand. For two seconds I thought I was at a family get together!This little corner on orange has music, good food and people. What else can you want! After a night out downtown you must try this Colombian food truck. I got a Colombian hot dog. First time eating it with cilantro sauce and without any apple sauce. I rather have the fruitier taste, maybe it's what I am used to. There was a bit of a wait but with the music and people watching you barely noticed! (maybe the alcohol had something to do with it as well lol)I will definitely go back, I want to try the arepa burger! They also have Colombian sodas (colombiana and postobon) you must try!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,6/4/2012,128,102,16,6,3>Someone needs to address the elephant in the room.  While you're trying to enjoy a delicious roast beef sandwich at the Beefy King, there are clowns on swings hanging from the ceiling peering at you with soulless, creepy clown eyes!Rather than just accept this fact and drive home, wondering if the clowns would appear at the foot of my bed that night, I chose to speak up.  I asked the cashier why there were trapeze clowns in every corner of her establishment.  She said, "At first I thought they had to do with rodeo clowns, whose job it was to distract the bull... as the beefy king has a bull as a mascot.  However, that's not the case.  It turns out the grandpa owner of the Beefy King drove down to Mexico a long time ago, and the locals filled his truck full of these random clown puppets.  When he came back, not knowing what to do with them, he hung them up around the restaurant."That sounded like a perfectly plausible explanation as I left the restaurant... until it dawned on me the clowns might be cursed.  I suppose that's a question for the next visit...
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,6/3/2012,111,174,,9,7>I really have my fingers crossed for this place because they deserve to succeed. It's in a tough location and has an odd name, neither of which do them any favors so I hope that word of mouth will trump these possible obstacles.Marty and I went for dinner on friday night. My first star goes out to them for the fact that even though we were the only customers there, having walked through the door 1/2 hour before their posted closing time, they were totally welcoming and genuinely enthusiastic about serving us. So often you are greeted with nothing short of groans when you walk into a restaurant near closing time on a slow night. Not to mention the times we've been places where the servers starting mopping under our feet and spraying cleaning products all around us. So it was wonderful to find a staff that appreciated our business - despite it's proximity to closing time. (In our own defense their Facebook page says they close at 9pm so we thought going at 7:30pm was totally reasonable. It wasn't until we arrived and saw that the sign on the door said they close at 8pm, that we realized we were cutting it close. But I digress.)My next star goes out to them for how spotless the place looked. I remember eating in this space in it's previous incarnation when it was a taqueria and it was pretty dingy. The owners of Nou obviously spent a lot of time sprucing and cleaning up the space before they opened - although I did find the lime green wall color a little intense.A third star goes out to them for the fact that they offer their breakfast items all day long. Breakfast is always one of our favorite options for dinner so we were excited to find another place that gives us that option. That brings me to the food itself - which gets another star. We ordered with sharing in mind - wanting to sample as much as possible and everything we had was really good. To start our server brought us out a complimentary basket of their version of cornbread. Basically these were small disks of the same dough used in their arepas, lightly fried and served with a side of butter. This cornmeal dough is light with a good sweet corn flavor. Next we shared one of their beef empanadas. Again the well seasoned filling was surrounded by the light corn dough and fried to golden perfection. Sometimes I find empanadas to be leaden and greasy - these were anything but. We each ordered a different arepa and split them in half to share. One had chorizo, black beans with a generous grating of white cheese.  The chorizo is the smoked kind vs fresh and the cheese was nicely salty and flavorful. The second arepa had marinated shredded beef instead of the chorizo. Unlike the first arepa which I found to be just a little dry, this beef arepa was incredibly juicy which made for a messier eating experience but well worth the extra napkins. A side of tostones with a yummy green chili sauce and some yellow rice rounded out or meal. Let me tell you - this was a lot of food and it was all great. One item to note, a glass of soda is half the price of what you'll find at most places but it is charged by the glass. No free refills here.That brings me to the cost of our meal, and to the fifth star. Now you are probably saying to yourselves you only gave them four stars Mimi, can't you count? Well, thank you for noticing and yes I can count. You see we got all this food (and two glasses of soda each) for just over $20. That's a great deal for all that food. Our only issue is that the prices we were charged did not match the prices on the menu which is a problem. No doubt they priced out their menu too low when they first opened and realized they couldn't get by without a bit of an increase and even with that increase they are very reasonably priced. But they need to let their customers know that is the case - especially when it wasn't just one item that was different. Everything was more.  I don't know if they are legally obligated but at the very least they are morally obligated to advise their customers that the prices have changed. So I giveth a star and taketh it away in the same breath. It was a bit of a shame that after such a good meal, and such attentive, pleasant service we were left feeling a little bit scammed. I hope they fix the discrepancies soon or else they risk alienating their customers and what I believe is an innocent situation will take on a much less reputable aura.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,6/2/2012,56,35,2,4,4>YUM!!!! This place is amazing! I have been missing out for a long time. I got the Double D's and my boyfriend ordered the Dirty Sanchez. The DDs were tasty, fresh and packed with flavor. The Dirty Sanchez was one of the best burritos I've had. just an explosion of flavor!. The boyfriend is not a fan of Mexican food but he definitely has become a fan of Gringos Locos. Service was great, we walked in when the place was sort of empty and luckily there was not a line. However, as soon as we sat down the place got super packed! The place is fairly big with around 10 tables inside and a few outside. They are open until around 3AM which is perfect for a quick bite after a night out!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/1/2012,98,217,3,6,8>A M A Z I N G!!!! i have never experienced BBQ this good. I can not believe it took me this long to make it to this place. Probably has to do with all the let-downs i've had with BBQ places where i go in with high expectations but always fall short. This place has definitely captivate me and i don't think i want to try any other BBQ places, My search for excellent BBQ has finally been put to rest. YES IT IS THAT GOOOODD!!! Just go just go!!I loved everything here, the ribs the brisket, the baked bbq beans with burnt ends in them OMG!! We had a lot of side dishes and i can not think of anything that was short from sensational. The entire time during lunch i was literally in complete silence, just taking in and enjoying every single bite of those ribs, I was transported to a BBQ twilight zone LOL. All in all, everything was exceptional here, all food was truly excellent. Best i had in Orlando.  No complaints on the service or anything for that matter. I think i'm going to stick with them as long as they keep up the delicious food!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,2/21/2010,11,281,,7,2>Love the portions and the setting of this place. Ordered tender beef sliders with tomato basil bisque because they ran out of the lobster bisque.The sweet potato fresh chips were good as well. Cheap eats but the wines per glass is kind of expensive. go there on ladies night where all u you can drink wine is $15.BTW - They have weekend brunch from 10am - 2pm - I may have to check that out!!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,2/20/2010,69,200,,4,2>I know there have been a lot of reviews of this place. But, I have to add my 2cents.  This place makes really good Thai food, and the staff is really sweet and friendly.  I've had most of their menu (and yes, it is extensive), but I keep going back to the duck dishes.  I only like duck when it is done this well, but this place is exceptional.  The outside looks like a dive restaurant, and the interior is nice, but nothing incredible.  But the duck is out of this world.  Try the Panang Duck (or Panang anything else if you don't like duck). or the Duck Salad.  Both are really good.  Good, sweet Thai ice coffee (yes, I know it is supposed to be sweet), and really everything here is very nice.  It all depends on your taste (the only thing I felt was not up to their usual standards was the peanut sauce, but even the peanut sauce is good).
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,2/19/2010,67,382,1,6,2>Came back again. Spotlessly clean. Average portion sizes.  But, you know, I keep coming back. This place is addictive. The pork remains my favorite dish. For dessert, I did the Flan. it's bought and sealed from an outside vendor, as if it were meant to be sold off a catering truck. the portion is small, but it's, well, allright. it's hard to mess up Flan....
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/18/2010,31,105,2,7,7>I love going to family owned restaurants. The staff here was VERY friendly and accommodating. The decor is calming and the restaurant has a relaxed atmosphere. I ordered a Panini and my friend ordered a crepe. We both got the Mango tea which was refreshing. I like that their flavored tea was unsweet as I don't like sweet tea. My friend who likes sweet tea thought it was good enough to not even need sugar. Our food came out fast and we both liked the plating. Both of us enjoyed our food. Then, we shared a St. Barts (Nutella, banana, and coconut) crepe. Not only did the plate look pretty but it was the BEST part of the eating experience. I wish I could eat one of their dessert crepes every day. If you are in the Winter Park area be sure to give this place a try. It is in the Whole Foods shopping plaza. They have indoor and outdoor dining which is nice. A cute touch is that every table has unique salt and pepper shakers.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,2/17/2010,6,18,3,10,6>For three years now I've been going to Bay Hill Eye Care, and I'm surprised I haven't Yelped about them until now. I go every year for my normal checkup, and then maybe two other times throughout the year to pick up contact lenses. Each time I visit the location the staff is friendly, and generally just happy to be at work. I haven't seen anyone having a 'bad day' ever. The waiting area is kind of small, but not uncomfortable. There is even a small children's play area in the corner. My daughter enjoys playing with the Lego's and Mr. Potato Head dolls every time. And just for parents like me who hate germs, there is even a large bottle of hand sanitizer to use after the playing is done.The average wait time from start to finish is about 40 minutes. An appointment is strongly recommended since there is always a steady flow of customers, especially around the beginning of the year.I only buy glasses every other year, so I don't really look at all of the frames, but there are hundreds to choose from. All the frames they carry are designer frames from Gucci to Baby Phat and everything in between. They are all great quality, and there seems to be a style to fit just about any ones needs.Bay Hill Eye Care accepts most insurances, just ask if your not sure about yours. Their web site is pretty easy to navigate, so anything that I may have left out will be on there. I think they are even expanding to a new location. I know no matter where they may move to, I will be a customer for a long time!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,2/15/2010,142,356,3,10,6>I went twice in the same day!Absolutely delicious Grouper Cheeks.  Yep thats what I said.  I was not familiar with what these were so obviously had to try them.  A very tasty piece of fish baked in a packet with peppers and onions.  But, not only was that good, the cheesy couscous and green beans that came with it were exceptional.I had to bring others there later in the same day.  We proceeded to try the fried oyster and shrimp appetizer.  Also the salmon quiches were nicely done.There were so many other things to try on their extensive menu.  Thank you thank you for fresh seafood, and not frying everything like it is Joe's Crab Shack.  The decor is well thought out.  Themed, but not Chili's prefab style (no rusty tricycle hanging from the ceiling).  All in all I have to give extra points for the staff for being extremely friendly and helpful.Try the wines, also.  A great accompaniment to fresh seafood.  I would never even consider a glass of wine at those fried and butter laden places.Dafe
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,2/14/2010,23,286,,3,2>It was 2:00 P.M. on a Saturday and the line of patrons wrapped around inside the store and spilled outside onto the sidewalk.  Once we made it to ordering (a 45-min. wait), we found out the "restaurant" had been open for only six weeks.  To make a long wait short, this is a take-out joint at which you can order "for here" or "to go" (to-go orders took almost as long as for-here orders).  You go inside to order, receive and pay for your food, and then step outside and walk around back to sit at a large picnic table (my hubby appreciated that the tables accommodated his large stature).  The food is excellent, the best flavored bbq (smoked) I've had in Central FL so far.  The sides are delicious (except for the mac-and-cheese); the smoked jalapenos, smokehouse corn, and kolaches are a must try.  They also serve collard greens (a must for bbq joints).  The prices are extremely reasonable.  Parking is a pain in the a$$; you have to park in the neighborhood behind the establishment because the lot is full, and judging by the no-parking signs neighbors have posted along the streets, the restaurant is not all that welcomed.  If you decide to eat here, bring your patience and a coat (if it's chilly).
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,2/13/2010,44,78,,7,4>We've been here at the new location about 5 or 6 times now. I had seen the old place on Church street, but didn't seem worth the hassle trying to stop in. Now, it's easy in, easy out. It's right across the way from the hospitals downtown, in an old Pizza Hut and old Moe's.I really like this place. The staff is top notch, and the food is good and reasonably priced, bordering on a bargain. I've had salads, pizza and pasta here. All, were excellent. The small caesar salad is very large, and could almost be an entree. The great thing about the salad, is the right amount of dressing. The pastas are good too. The only issue I had was the sauce is a bit rich, not overwhelmingly so. My favorite is the pizza though. You can tell they are using fresh ingredients, including fresh cheese. The crust has some sort of garlic butter on it and is just the right size. It's a handle for the rest of the pie. My wife really likes their Hawaiian pizza. I've liked everything I've tried. The one pizza I won't order again anytime soon is the 4 meat pizza. It is so full of toppings, I feel bad for my arteries. It tastes very good, but is full of meat. The toppings are generous and flavorful. The restaurant also participates in the Buy Local Orlando program and when you bring your card, you get free soda or $1 wine (I think). I would much rather support a local place when I can. As another reviewer pointed out, it's self service drinks at lunch time. Although, it's hardly rare, it does seem odd to do this some of the time and not the rest. I'll certainly be back! This place is tops in our pizza rotation.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,2/12/2010,186,121,,7,4>They have a great format, as many resorts do, where you can get a place that suits your acomodation needs from 2 to 20.  This place is well laid out and you can walk to  play some of the best golf around with an incredible practice facility.What is fantastic is that the Villas are situated so it feels like you are in some far off place, but close enough to attractions to make it simple.  Every single person I encountered was friendly and helpful in an elegant manner.This place is perfect for a locals get away, an incredible golf vacation or the Family that wants to do Disney while still maintaining some semblance of reality.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,2/11/2010,372,220,6,7,6>At first appearances, Lee and Rick's seems to be modeled after some sort of fishing-boat-trailer. shady indeed... After entering the "boat" we walked through a dimly lit, semi-creepy hallway into the "ship's den" or at least thats what it looked like inside.Once inside, one of the managers asked us if we would prefer to sit by the bar for the special bucketfuls of oysters ($17.95) for about 3-4 dozen oysters. The reason why we would have to sit by the bar is because they would shuck the oysters right there in front of you at the bar and after you're done, you can shuck the oyster shells right back into the trough behind the bar.At least they got straight to the point. Definitely not a date-joint.Our shucker was pretty accomodating, shucking away as she told us a bit about the history of the place. You see, next year Lee and Rick's will be celebrating 60 years in Orlando, having first opened in 1950. The restaurant started out when the owners started selling oysters in the front porch of their house and when it grew to a success, they began to convert their house into the giant ship you see today on Old Winter Garden Road and Kirkman Road. Today the place is third-generation ownedThis is definitely not a place to go for the atmosphere. But it is definitely a place to go with the buds for a quick fix of oysters and some seafood and some beers. You don't survive in Orlando for over 5 decades without doing something right.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,12/20/2009,10,60,,3,4>A little slow on the uptake, I admit, but I finally made my way into the Dandelion Communitea Cafe last week (and I'm sooo glad I did!).Though a little shy to stop in by myself during the lunch rush, Alex and Crystal made me feel right at home on my first visit, as they walked me through the menu and ordering process:  order at the counter, grab a seat, help yourself to a beverage, make yourself comfortable, and enjoy!  Seating is eclectic, with tables and chairs of varying styles filling two rooms.  A third room houses a comfy retro couch for hanging out... cool!  A casual vibe was apparent, w/ many of the folks obviously regulars, as they greeted, hugged, and ordered food to eat in or go. Nothing pretentious about this place -- clean eating and friendly, casual atmosphere! I had the giddyup wrap on my first visit, a wonderful blend of flavors, bathed (lightly) in the goddess dressing... OMG!!!  Combined w/ organic blue chips and black bean salsa on the side, this was a lunch to remember!  It was here I also discovered the organic beer selection from Orlando Brewing, a local microbrewery just a few miles away (see my post for them), and made a note to visit them (which we have).Snuggled in to a few blocks of holistic merchants (aka OurLando), the Dandelion has become one of my new fave "go to" places for clean, simple food with fabulous flavor & atmosphere!  Whether you are a local or a visitor to our City Beautiful, the Dandelion should be on your short list, definitely!  Need another reason?  Check this out. They also boast this honor:  "We are proud to be Certified Green by Co-op America - the only restaurant in the southeast and one of only a handful in the entire United States to carry this prestigious Seal of Approval."Stop in soon, and tell them Robin says hi!  :o)  (They may or may not know who that is, but who cares?  You're there!  Enjoy!)
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,12/19/2009,359,208,3,7,5>Yuummmmmmm!!Pom Pom's is amaaaazzing! I really don't know what else to say! Haha! I'm sure that no matter what you order, you will love it and be amazed! Such yummy sandwiches! The Thanksgiving sandwich is amazing. A grilled cheese sandwich with your selection of 3 or 5 gourmet cheeses?! YUM! Pair that with a cup of homemade soup... doesn't get any better! And some great teas, too! The perfect Saturday afternoon meal! (I haven't tried any of the cupcakes, but they look amazing as well!)The atmosphere is quaint and relaxing, and they have awesome local artwork up for purchase.I love this place! I don't go often enough! AND they're open 24 hours on the weekends! I need to make this my after-clubbing food stop!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,12/18/2009,77,69,9,9,5>Dear Viet Garden and Little Saigon, You two used to my favorites in the art of Vietnamese cuisine, but things have changed. It's not you........ it's me. No, that's a lie. I just flat out met someone else. I'm sorry baby. Her name is Lac Viet. She's better looking, cleaner and Lac can cook! I love me some Vietnamese food. One of my closest friends is Vietnamese and I've had her mom's authentic cooking (which is incredible!) I haven't been out for a meal with her in a while and she loves Lac Viet so I didn't question her choice and decided to try it out. I wasn't sorry at all. I felt like I was at the viet-version of Cheers cuz everyone there knew my friend by name when we entered since she goes there so much. I ordered my usual favorite dishes; spring rolls and a rice noodle dish called Bun Lac Viet. I highly recommend both! The decor is beautiful, service was on top of everything and the food was everything I was hoping it would be. The food was only a little better than the other places I like to go to but the atmosphere and service is what set Lac Viet apart for me.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,12/17/2009,1381,1517,,7,4>What's really unique about this place is how at home it feels.  It does not feel as if you're going to a gym at all, it feels like your'e going to a friend's house and decide to work out while you're there.This  personalization is something that seems to be missing at other yoga studios I have visited in Orlando.  It seems as if you go in, do your yoga, and leave, and that's it.  However, Studio One is different.It's the kindness and openness of Kim and Russ that really make working out here a joy.  I have only gone for a yoga class, but definitely plan on going back and trying some other classes as well.The fragrance, the candles, the music. . .the music, the music was so very wonderful and nurturing to me.  I really needed that relaxing time. The first class is always free, so there really is no reason not to try it out!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,12/15/2009,238,467,4,11,6>I have found my favorite lunch spot for Waterford Lakes\UCF area.  This is it!  For $6.95 you can feast!!!  It's advertised as a lunch\dinner special.  Pretty sure it's because the amount of food you get at lunch will give you enough leftovers for dinner.  Seriously!Here's how it breaks out.2 scoops of rice.  They have 4 different kinds, and all vegetarian.2 pieces of meat.  They have 3 kinds of chicken, beef, pork or goat.  Choice of yucca or sweet plantains.Choice of red or black beans, both made without meat. A side salad that is made to order. Add a drink and you're still under 10 bucks!Oh, and the food?  Yeah.  It's awesome.  Meat is super tender, falling off the bone.  I had a scoop of the yellow rice and a scoop of the red rice, because you can mix and match... and I can't make a decision.  Both were good, but I liked the red rice better in the end.  The chicken was delicious, but a little cold.  That's my only complaint.  Not all food was up to temp.  Still though, it was delicious.I opted for the red beans, because it's been forever since I was able to get them without pork.  They were super flavorful, the texture was perfect too.  Loved 'em!Holy crap, it really is a crazy deal.  So much food.  So good. So cheap!  LOVE IT!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,12/14/2009,209,153,4,6,3>I can't really add too much to what the other reviews say, so I'll just say this: EVERY time I've been in Petty's (and I live about 2 miles away, so it's fairly often), I hear someone in the store publicly declare their love for the place. It's just that good. People will randomly burst out declarations of love with complete abandonment. Usually it's the 1st timers - I know I did - but I've seen regulars publicly exclaim in delight as well. This place is seriously amazing. Note: They have "artichoke heart cakes" like crab cakes,... amazing. Get there early to get them b/c they run out. Also, their deserts will tempt you but seriously consider getting the Chocolate Covered Potato Chips.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,12/13/2009,25,190,2,5,4>I can relate to the mourning on this thread for the old location; there was a magic about the tiny room that can't be recreated. That said, the new location delivers.Now that they are open til 2am, the place really starts to jump around 10:30 every night. Still the best selection of beer in Central Florida, curated by bartenders who really care about bringing the best beers possible and serving them at the cheapest prices for the quality. If you come in at a slow time, have a seat and talk beer with the bartenders; while the selection is intimidating, they are the nicest and most helpful guys you'll ever meet. Check out the live jazz on Thursday evenings, or any of the bands on the weekend. It's still smoke-free, and a credit card machine is allegedly in the works.And I, for one, have been lobbying hard for them to keep the old Azteks sign. It's as inexplicable as the bar beneath it, and I like that.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,12/12/2009,12,17,10,7,5>I *hate* the guy hawking kettle korn. I may be the only person in the world who doesn't like kettle corn, but, dagnabbit, i just don't like kettle korn. Other than that, the Winter Park Farmer's Market is *awesome*. It's got everything you'd expect from a farmer's market, and then some. Fresh veggies, lotsa potted plants, cute girls walking small dogs, the weird dude who walks around with a parrot on his shoulder, AWESOME bagels .... really, I just can't say enough good things about it. Two must-have recc's for foodies out there: The non-pasteurized, locally-produced bleu cheese. So. Flipping. Good. I never knew that mold could make me so happy. Pretty much any of the pestos from the pesto lady. They're all delicious.Wait - three recc's. The bbq trailer over by the train tracks makes some pretty damn good ribs. Sometimes I feel a bit weird eating them at 10 AM, but... hey, I've done odder things.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,12/11/2009,38,71,11,10,7>HELL YEAH PIZZA!My expectations are not high for this po-dunk town, so when my friends wanted pizza one night I expected some standard Domino's or Pizza Hut. But, they're from New York and know their pizza, so on their suggestion, to BV we went.We ordered a garlic pizza with garlic knots (garlic and I... we're pals) and it totally exceeded my expectations. The slices are huge, thin, and the taste impeccable. The knots were buttery without being overly greasy.The whole experience left us fat and happy. Jesus I'm hungry again.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,12/10/2009,288,121,3,3,3>I LOVE vegetables. Call me a freak, but a meal is not a complete meal to me without a zillion vegetables added to it. Usually I am severely disappointed when I glance at the 'vegetarian' or 'vegetable' pizza options on menus and discover that particular option only has 3 or 4 toppings which typically include the basic mushroom, peppers and onions. Boring!Now, what keeps me coming back to Mellow Mushroom time and time again is the fact they think outside this norm. The first time I read their Meg-Veggie option online it was love at first sight. Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Spinach, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Onions, Black Olives,Tomatoes, Broccoli, Feta, Banana Peppers, Artichoke Hearts and Tofu - Oh My! Now that's what I'm talking about!This pizza is PACKED with toppings! It's all of my wildest pizza dreams come true and has become a true staple in my diet. I am quite obsessed with it and can't seem to talk myself into ordering anything else. Well, besides one of the great beers on tap. ;)If you're a vegetable fan like me head to Mellow Mushroom now and check out this veggie masterpiece for your self. You can even ask the server to veganize it for you and skip the added calories of cheese and butter. Trust me, you won't miss it.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,10/28/2013,193,136,,7,3>Personally, I have a soft spot for restaurants owned by chefs. Having the courage and conviction to open your personal eatery to showcase their passion for food deserves much credit. And The Ravenous Pig is a fine example of a successful endeavor for the Petrakis Family. To add to their repertoire, chef/owners James & Julie Petrakis (James Beard Award nominees) opened Cask & Larder fall of 2012, serving seasonal southern cuisine prepared with locally sourced ingredients and house brewed craft beers.Since it's opening I have visited the Cask & Larder for their fabulous Sunday brunch and dinner offerings. But today I am here to speak about their LUNCH. I had the pleasure of attending their exclusive media preview for lunch where Chef Rhys Gawlak, renowned for his artisanal butchery and charcuterie, oversees Cask & Larder's lunch and brunch services offering a vibrant daytime experience with fresh, homemade dishes. Lunch service will be open to the public on Thursday, July 11 and continue Wednesday through Friday from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.It was only noon, but you didn't have to twist my arm to order their hand crafted cocktails (yes, cocktails are taken seriously here too). We started our lunch with Back to Mezcali & Corpse Revivor, both of them were smooth, brimming with freshness.The Basket caught our attention to nibble on something while enjoying our refreshing cocktails. Hush puppies, fried garlic-dill pickles, okra, savory cheese scone, hot sauce aioli, what's there not to love? Light & fluffy hush puppies, I could easily devour quite a few of these fried bites of corny heaven. Minimally dressed yet crunchy pickles made this 'basket' ideal for munching.Where was I? Ah, the dishes we ordered....Nashville Hot Chicken, Brisket Melt, and Public House Bloody Mary. The Hot Chicken sandwich - finger licking and crunchy encased in a sea salt challah. Hmm, could I have another please? The Brisket Melt - bbq gastrique, pimento cheese, caramelized onions, and fried green tomatoes. Are you drooling yet? The Bloody Mary had the characteristics of a 'true' Mary and then some more. Spiked with fresh horse radish and pepper-infused deep eddy vodka,it screamed 'fresh' and flavorful. Perhaps my search for the perfect one has been accomplished!!Bottom Line: Fresh, honest food, thoughtful touches - chef/owner Petrakises make a convincing argument that country cooking - be it fried chicken, meatloaf, or collard greens, is worthy of the respect typically accorded to haute cuisine.  And as important food is, the act of gathering friends and family around a well-worn table is welcomed if not encouraged wholeheartedly.It's a restaurant with a point of view (and a great bar) in a sophisticated restaurant I can't wait to return to.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/27/2013,44,113,5,10,6>HmmmmI'm not quite sure how I feel about this place...I came here with the family, we had made a reservation so we were seated immediately..The place is small from inside and seating is TIGHT! I say this because my chair was bumped from behind over 20 times throughout the meal and my purse fell to the ground at least 12 of those times.. It can get a little annoying not to mention no one seemed to notice or care that they were playing bumper cars with my seat....Our server hmmm so I was a server, trainer, bartender back in my younger years for a good 8 years so I know the difference between good service and bad service.  It wasn't bad but she definitely got a little snide with us when all we ordered was water. Sorry I know it is a wine bar but guess what not everyone drinks! Shocking I know.. we were there for the food... and that's mainly why Rus Teak is getting 4 stars and not 2.Our Order:Pan Roasted MusselsRusteak Crab CakesSmoked Gouda BurgerReuben with Sweet Potato tater totsSnapper Special of the EveningChimichurri Snapper Sandwich with Bistro FriesThe Mussels and Crab Cakes were Fabulous! The flavors were there, cooked well and devoured quickly!Sweet potato tater tots yum yum yum! Seriously loved the idea and they weren't greasy or oily and tasted great! I actually was unable to try any other dish which is not the norm but my smoked Gouda Burger was just huge! Actually all the food came in huge portions! The Burger was cooked perfectly medium huge bonus, I asked for no bacon and they followed directions, Great! But something was off and I couldn't figure out what it was, it was on the salty side and I think it was the combination of teak chips and herb-mayo.. but I will say the smoked gouda tasted fantastic with all the other flavors.The runners were super friendly and made up for the standoffish server...The rest of my family was happy with their food and were impressed so I guess it's a win for Rus Teak. I'm still on the fence about it, I guess round two will be the deciding factor...
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,10/24/2013,89,238,,6,2>As far as coffee, this is the best I've had in Orlando. Pricey, but for a coffee freak like me, I'm willing to pay for high quality brew. The Ipanema peaberry is outstanding. I also had a wonderful yogurt parfait with guava and granola. mmm, perfect. Vespr is a pretty cool spot, clean, hardwood floors and a tables to work at. They also offer three different types of brewing. A pour over, a siphon, and a tri. I went with the tri, and as mentioned, it was great. It'll cost you, though. Good coffee isn't cheap and my coffee and parfait came to about $9. The staff was very nice as well. The one thing that gets me: location, location, location. It's a real pain to get here from my side of town. I know that's selfish, but honestly, their vibe (and prices) might fit in better at another area, like Park Ave, College  Park, Downtown, etc. I would suspect a great deal of their business would come from college folk, most of whom are on a tight budget. Other areas would probably have a broader audience for specialty coffees with more disposable income.. Anyway, I love when a new Indie coffee house opens that have a passion for beans, so even though it's a hike, I shall return.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,10/23/2013,167,286,3,2,2>This. place. is. awesome!I went here after work the other afternoon and met up with a friend of mine. The bar is very small... but its so awesome because the edge of it is cushioned. I like putting my elbows and arms on tables while drinking so I did that with comfort. hahaThe art on the walls were pretty neat to look at. There are old school arcade games from like the 80s and 90s. Street Fighter, Ms Pac Man, Qbert, etc! All free to play also!Very chill relaxed place. They also had the Fish Out Of Water sushi foodtruck out front. If you bought some food, they brought it in for you. Cool.As the later the night got, the more people that were in it. I left around 10:30PM and it had a good crowd going on.Oh and they had two TVs playing old movies and also played awesome music too. 5 stars!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,10/22/2013,70,376,,5,4>In a sea of franchises, this family owned business stands out.  The service is good and the food is great.  Prices are good too.  Having never had Uzbeki food we ventured out down International Drive.  This restaurant is nestled in a mostly vacant strip mall beyond Sea World decorated with Roman statues.  It sort of fits the location well.  Inside are tables and a seating area with a low table surrounded by pillows for large gatherings.  There is also outdoor covered seating for a fresh air experience.  They have hookahs to order also.  I sampled the eggplant appetizer, I must say that I am not a fan of eggplant but this dish was very good.  They have minimal staff it seems but the food is worth the wait.  Overall, if you are planning a night on I Drive or are looking for a unique experience, make the trek out to visit Atlas.  Great food at a good price.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,10/21/2013,144,217,1,7,3>This Asian grocery store is amazing! I've shopped here very frequently over the last five years but just decided it was a good time to write a review. The customer service is always great.  The staff will help you find things that are hard to find in the store. I'm sure the organization of the store makes sense to the people who work there, but I can never figure out where things are except in the main aisle, the vegetable aisle, and the candy area. I usually have to ask for the type of rice I'm looking for. Fortunately,  the different types of rice are sold in different size bags if you ask at the front. Sometimes you just don't need a 20 pound bag of rice! Anyway I find the store very welcoming, and they always have a great selection of different Asian vegetables and fruits that are hard to find other places. They also have prepared foods like spring rolls in their small deli area. If you have a craving for various and assorted Asian candies this is the place you want to go! There is also a nice selection of different Asian wines and beers that are hard-to-find. Check this place out and I promise you'll be happy if you just ask for what you need.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/20/2013,94,68,1,4,4>I've been to a few different Graffiti Junktions, but this was my first time visiting the Lake Mary location.  I recently moved from Orlando to Debary, so this GJ is now the closest to me.  Overall, I was very pleased with my experience there.  This location doesn't have the same cool, downtowny vibe as say the Thornton Park or College Park locations do, but the cleanliness and good service make up for that.  Hubby and I got there about 11:30 on a Sunday, and were pleased to find you get one free Mimosa or Bloody Mary before noon with the purchase of food!  I've always thought the GJ Bloody Mary's were good, nothing spectacular.  The one I had here was actually the best tasting GJ one I've had so far.  For food, hubby decided to try something different (he usually always goes for a burger or the pulled pork sandwich) and ordered the Steak and Potato Salad (Sliced Steak, Potatoes, Egg, Tomatoes, Smoked Gouda Cheese, & Balsamic Vinaigrette).  As soon as it arrived, I was a little jealous that I didn't order it!  It was yummy!  I went with one of my favorites, the Turkey Graffito (Sliced Turkey, Brie Cheese, Apple Slices, Honey Mustard, Lettuce & Tomato).  I usually get fries, but I switched it up and got a side garden salad.  It came served in a Chinese style to go box, which I thought was really cute.  Both of us devoured all our food.  Our only complaint was the crappy music that was blasting, but that seems to come with the territory of a Graffiti Junktion.  We will for sure be back!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/19/2013,307,459,3,9,3>As an avid fan of The Crooked Spoon's food truck (R.I.P. ... sniffle, sniffle), it was an obligation (for me, anyway) to check out the restaurant version, which had its grand opening yesterday. Needless to say, it did not disappoint!My first visit to The Crooked Spoon's truck in 2011 was, as far as I can recall, my first to any food truck ... ever. It definitely set the bar very high as far as the quality of food and customer service I came to expect from it and other trucks. The truck's owner, Steve, was extremely passionate about the food he served and that has seamlessly translated to his new restaurant. The trek to Clermont from Longwood (where I currently live) is a long one, but it was worth it, especially since it's been several months since I had any of Steve's food. (His truck closed earlier this year.) I was going through some moderate Crooked Spoon withdrawal until about lunchtime yesterday.Upon arriving at the restaurant, I was greeted by a friendly host who allowed me to sit at the bar area. Jennifer (I think?) was my server and was very cheerful and polite. I told her that I used to visit the food truck and that I was familiar with at least a few of the menu items. Naturally, there is more from which to choose on the restaurant menu than there was at the truck, but I still couldn't resist the 420 Burger ($12, but worth every penny), which was one of my favorites at the food truck. Some other familiar items (The Crooked Spoon Burger, the Cranberry Turkey Sandwich, the 6-Cheese Macaroni and Cheese) from the truck can be had here, too; those angling for their favorites from the truck won't be disappointed at the restaurant. The burger I ordered was as great as I remembered it being at the truck, and actually may have been better. It was perfectly prepared and cooked just as I asked it to be. It really hit the spot. I couldn't help myself after eating it, though, and ordered the 6-Cheese Macaroni and Cheese to take home. (I don't know when I'll be back here, and I really wanted this ... so, I had to do it.) I devoured it for dinner last night and it was delicious.The pictures I've added indicate what else you can expect to be on the menu, though it seems that certain items aren't set in stone and that the menu will be changing according to the season. If you live in the area, I'd recommend going back at least once more after your initial visit as you may be able to dine on some new items in a month or so, when the weather's cooler.I understand that things here are pretty new and that a few quirks need to be worked out, but I did have one minor quibble; I was unaware of the beer prices until I received my check. The beer (Young's Double Chocolate Stout) I ordered with my lunch was $8; I didn't think it would be so much, but that's okay. If I had known it was $8, I may have ordered something different. I'm sure that, by the next time I'm here, Steve and Co. will have composed a beer list with their accompanying prices. I'm willing to let what happened yesterday slide since the beer I had was very good ... and, it was on nitro!I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone living in Clermont/nearby, as well as to anyone living closer to downtown and willing to take a trip and try something new and unique. Steve has built a great reputation as one of our community's best chefs and I am expecting for his popularity to grow even further as a result of his restaurant's opening. I selfishly wish the truck still would go out once in a while, but even if that never happens again then I will do my best to go to his Clermont restaurant every few months. It is worth the investment of time & money.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/18/2013,47,83,3,8,4>Fellow Yelpers,Having a sincere attraction to French cuisine akin to a past existence in France, I'm always open to trying any restaurant which fancies itself in this cuisine.  A very special cuisine that is dear to me and that most of its dishes cannot be pronounced sans a snooty French accent while simultaneously wearing a disgusted expression on your face.  A true contradiction due in fact to the extraordinary taste and deliciousness of a majority of its dishes.Paris Bistro is tucked in behind the main pedestrian traffic of Park Avenue in a secluded and charming little corner space within a semi open building.  Some of its tables line the main sidewalk for those that prefer to be among the crowd and others line the pathway inside this open 'mall' of sorts and the remainder of the seating will be found in the confines of this extremely French decor restaurant (see my photo).This spot is definitely cozy enough for a very nice dinner date or a great brunch during Saturdays and Sundays until 1630.  It is a great deal compared to other restaurants in the vicinity and I highly recommend it.  During brunch hours you may opt for one dish plus one dessert of your choice for a paltry ~$11.  Truly worth it.Aside from the nice setting of the restaurant, the service is great.  Both of our servers were very polite and eager to please like a monarchical sycophant.  This added to the pleasantness of the experience.  We both ordered the Mushroom and Gruyere Cheese Omelette + Profiteroles and the Coq au Vin + Banana Crepe (with nutella), respectively (see all photos).  The portion size is quite generous for brunch and its associated price.  Both came accompanied with a side of what I believe were Patatoes au Gratin.  Everything tasted great, the Coq au Vin's red wine sauce was just enough to enhance the chicken's flavors instead of overpowering it.  The omelette was large and contained just the right amount of cheese vis-a-vis the mushrooms.One hiccup (not literally) occurred during the desserts when the crepe came filled with whipped cream and bananas.  It looked great, but my company could not eat it since she is allergic to that particular 'sweet.'  However, without any hesitation and with haste, the crepe was quickly replaced and instead filled with an obscene amount of Nutella which oozed out like a nuclear meltdown of sugary goodness (see photo).  The profiteroles were fantastic as well.Overall, this was a great experience which will lead me to return to this place and actually attempt a dinner.  This is why I have not yet awarded this restaurant the full 5 stars.Au Revoir!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/17/2013,59,191,,5,3>First time at B&B Junction. HOLY COW - this place is amazing!The staff was super friendly, attentive and welcoming.The prices are a little hefty for lunch, but you get what you pay for! Farm-to-table concept = QUALITY, fresh and delicious.I had the #18  house-made veggie, seasonal wild mushroom, gruyere, truffle aioli, watercress, tomato, whole wheat bun     $8.50It was so delicious, savory, the aioli was rich and buttery, the bun was fluffy and fresh. I got a FREE side of fries thanks to checking in on Yelp!. Fresh cut fries fried to perfection. Other members in my party got a bison burger, Bacon burger and their special of the day: Chicken and Waffles. We all were in awe of the quality and flavor. The sweet potato fries with maple syrup aioli were described as not maple flavored, but HEAVEN flavored.The onion rings were also delicious with the perfect balance of seasoned batter to onions.Outdoor seating only, which was a little on the hot side for an August afternoon, but the fans and never ending iced sweet tea helped. The dining area is self catering, which I kind of liked, with soda fountains, condiments, utensils and even a hand washing station.Fountain drinks served in giant mason jars, great touch, but I was nervous I was going to drop it on the concrete dining patio.They also had a delicious assortment of regular and mini cupcakesm, and serve beer and wine. Loved this place, will definitely be back.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,8/30/2010,81,102,,5,6>Great music, great décor, nice bouncer, and good drinks are all things I love. This has been my go to spot the last few months. I love that there is no cover and it's not usually too crowded but the music is what keep me coming back. The DJ's can go from Bon Jovi to Lady Gaga then Michael Jackson and then to The Black Eyed Peas. It's such a nice change from hearing the same songs over and over again. I also love dancing to songs from high school and college years.  I recommend this place to every one I know.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,8/29/2010,79,238,1,5,4>Mmmmmm, fro-yo!What a healthy and rather inexpensive way to get some dessert! The owner/manager approached us and let us know to have as many samples as we wanted and to help ourselves. So friendly! I picked three flavors - red velvet cheesecake, mango/pomegranate and chocolate. Yum! Four ounces of fro-yo only has 110 calories, which is a lot of bang for your buck. The toppings are really fresh and healthy, too. I chose bananas, strawberries, almonds and peanuts. Delish!Other than the swarms of hungry college students "sampling" their weight in free yogurt and holding up the line, it was perfect. I have a feeling my pal and I will frequent iKiwi lots, and soon!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,8/28/2010,18,37,,5,3>Among the warehouse district south of downtown lies the Orlando Brewing Company. This (somewhat) hidden gem is my favorite place to grab a beer and catch up with friends, hands down. The atmosphere is mellow and laid back. There is always an eclectic group of people without anyone who is overly drunk or looking to start a bar fight. The decor is unassuming... just the bar, a few tables and a back room with a dart board. There's also an outdoor area with picnic tables to enjoy our beautiful Florida evening weather. Best of all? It's squeaky clean (even the bathrooms)! Ah, the beer. My favorite is the porter, followed closely by the Blonde Ale depending on my mood. I'd try the sampler on your first visit so you can enjoy the full range of the beers. Go here. Do it. You won't regret it.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,8/27/2010,293,472,2,8,3>I've been wanting to go here for a long time but always forgot about it since it's in an area I never think about. West Church Street.Every day they serve different dishes, so choose the day you visit wisely(see bottom for breakdown).I had the stewed beef short ribs which was not a stew but just soft meat. Despite how it sounds it was actually pretty good, they didn't bother to cut out the fat which I like, and it only had a few bones in it.with your entree you get a choice of 3 sides, I had turnip greens(salty but good), mashed potatoes with gravy and mac&cheese.My friend had the pork chops, they kinda looked mushy but I tried a bite and they tasted good.They also give you cornbread with your meal. That was good, but I did have to ask for butter.I also got the sweet tea which was delicious. It's fun to read through and look at all the clippings and Polaroids on the wall of people who have eaten there. There was one guy who was in a few pics who was a wrestler in the 80s I've never heard of, but he looked very proud of his white volvo(the kind professors drive).Meal was $10 and they take Amex.If you are nervous about the area, please be aware this area is pretty safe now not like it used to be years ago. It's on the north side of the road in some fancy apartments. In addition to the dishes they serve every day(pork chops, meatloaf, fried fish, stew beef, strip steak, salads) here is what feature on specific days:Monday: "The Best Baked Chicken"; Tuesday: "Turkey Wings smothered in gravy over yellow rice"; Chitterlings and hog mawls; Lemon CakeWednesday:"Smothered Chicken" in onions and chicken gravy(baked); Grilled Liver and Onions; Banana PuddingThursday:Oxtails, "Franklin's Famous Jerk Chicken"Friday:Cube Steak, "Earleans Famous Fried Chicken"; Lemon CakeSaturday:BBQ Ribs; Baked Chicken and Cornbread Dressing; Stewed Neckbones; Bread PuddingAlso pay attention to the hours I've submitted them to the yelp entry, most days except sunday they are open from 7am to 7pm.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,8/26/2010,631,1145,4,6,4>You can tell by the lines out the door and the traffic jam in the parking lot that this place is going to be good. The staff is friendly but quick and efficient during the lunch rush, which by the way starts before 11am and lasts until after 1pm. You order at a counter which has sides on display as well as some awesome looking desserts. I was ordering for two to-go so I went with two of their most popular sandwiches:  pulled pork ($6.99) and beef brisket ($7.49). Each sandwich came with 2 sides. Since I'd never been here before I asked the girl behind the counter to just give me 4 of their best, most popular sides which ended up being: baked beans, corn salad, potato salad, and sweet potato casserole. I couldn't resist a slice of cake, Chocolate Awesomeness ($2.25), which I was told was made by a wholesale bakery in Sanford called Empress Sissi. empresssissi.comAfter suffering the lovely BBQ smell all the way home I dug into a huge, mouth watering good pulled pork sandwich. The accompanying sauce was tangy and had a slight kick. My favorite sides were the beans and the corn salad. The beans had a nice smoky flavor and the warm corn salad was the perfect accompaniment for the BBQ. I was less impressed by the potato salad which had too much vinegar. The sweet potato casserole wasn't sweet enough for my tastes. Next time I'd trade out those two sides for one of the many other options available. The cake was heavenly too. It was a huge cake layered alternatively with brownie, chocolate icing and chocolate cake. It was topped with more chocolate icing, shards of chocolate and white chocolate chips. It wasn't until later when I looked up the bakery that I learned it was wholesale. You'd never know it, the cakes are that good! I'd definitely try one of the other options next time! The only con about the place is that the lines are out of control. Even worse is the parking situation. There is a small awkward lot with people parking whilly nilly on the street, sidewalk or grass. Still, it is totally worth it for the best BBQ in town!! Ps- Fours Rivers is in no way related to Johnny Rivers BBQ!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2010,8/25/2010,1408,1403,,5,3>good place to drop into on weekends for Live Music. they have no cover and a band on weekends so you can drop in and if it isn't your ball of twine you can drop out after one drink with no financial downside. the downstairs fcility is rather cool in and of itself.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2010,8/24/2010,115,93,1,3,6>This Egyptian-themed hookah bar helps jazz up the East Orlando area.  Their hookahs are beautiful and they offer quite the array of flavored shisha.  The hookahs are a bit expensive but the ambiance sultry...With the high ceilings, double story lounge, dark wood furniture and dim lighting, one would forget that they are in a suburban strip mall.  This place gets crowded on the weekends but it's a fun atmosphere.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,8/23/2010,114,92,5,8,4>I would call this a hidden gem of gyms.I accidentally discovered Orlando Barbell as I was driving around my area looking for gyms. I was looking for a gym just for the summer and needed a deal.  I spoke with the owner Brian, who was super helpful and gave me a 3 month deal so I wouldn't need to pay sign up fees.The gym itself is quite small, but really has everything I need. There's a lot of equipment that may look odd, but the reason is the gym is catered toward powerlifters. Which may sound intimidating but don't be. The people that go to the gym here are all really friendly. They will often acknowledge you as you walk in, unlike other larger gyms, and you won't see one of those Jersey boys walking around.The regulars here are very helpful in answering questions that you may have. Most of the time the gym isn't too packed. The most I've seen on a busy day would probably be about 8 or so. Usually there is only 1 or 2 people around, and the reason is this is a 24 hour gym, so you can come and go whenever. No restrictions if you like to workout at 2 in the morning.  They also have a filtered water dispenser which I love, non of that water fountain crap.The reason I deducted 1 star is because some of the seats are starting to look a little worn. Tape has replaced the holes and the tape has started coming off. The place is also a little hard to walk around sometimes, but they use the space well. There aren't too many machines around, basically the most common ones, mostly free weights.The gym is priced really well, only $30 for adults, and there are discounts if your a student, fireman, etc. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a gym around the area.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,8/22/2010,72,151,,4,2>Ive been going to Tu Tu Tango for years. The prices are a lot higher than they used to be. I also know there used to be like 5 locations around the country. Now this is the only one again.Its great for groups and its always entertaining. Not so great for a date though as it can be very loud. The menu is well organized and varied. The food is always good. Service depends on how busy it is. Count on it being very busy Friday and Saturday. There will be entertainers, painters and other various artist from time to time. The menu changes pretty often.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,8/21/2010,108,688,,5,3>I knew Ember served a small menu of food, but it was never on my list of "places I must try."  Yet, this past Friday, my boyfriend and I had an excellent meal there.  The prices were extremely reasonable and our waitress was very pleasant.  The noise level was high considering it was prime happy hour time but in the same sense, it made for a fun and exciting kick-off to the weekend.I opted for the salmon spinach salad and was defnitely not let down.  The salmon tasted magnificent and the portion size was perfect.  My boyfriend went for a flatbread sandwich and also was really impressed.  If you do make it there before 7pm their drink specials are great.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,4/23/2012,135,143,1,6,4>I was not expecting much the day I poked into this museum with friends and family one Sunday afternoon.Boy, what a cute hidden gem! It's FREE! It has an adorable cabouse the kids can get into and explore and inside tons of train memorabilia. Everyone enjoyed it! I will make this a must see for out of town visitors.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,4/22/2012,307,459,5,6,3>There's a funny story behind my first visit here. I came here a few months back without even looking at the sign and just assumed that the business here still was Cold Stone Creamery. (It was for a long time and I never heard about the change.) After I stepped in, I saw the ice cream/etc. right where it was when the business was Cold Stone, so even after looking at just the ice cream and so on, I still thought it was Cold Stone. It wasn't until I noticed a few moments later that the business now serves as salads, wraps, pastas, subs and paninis that I realized that this no longer was Cold Stone. I looked outside and, sure enough, the sign now read The Italian Village Café.I've been here a few times since my initial visit and have enjoyed each trip. (I've had only ice cream during each visit, though - next time, I am likely to order a meal.) The menu features the aforementioned specialties (paninis/etc.) as well as milkshakes, yogurt shakes, smoothies, gelato, sorbet ... yeah, there's a lot from which to choose! The flavors of ice cream/sorbet/gelato are pretty unique, too - I was here last night and had a mixture of white chocolate and stracciatella gelatos (or maybe one was an ice cream ...?) and it was excellent. I can't quite describe the stracciatella, though the woman who made it for/served it to me described it as if it were like vanilla chocolate-chip ice cream but with a double dark-chocolate layering on it (or something along those lines). A picture I'll put up after I finish writing this will show you what it looks like. It went well with the white chocolate. I also added chocolate chips and a chocolate sauce, too ... haha. It was really good!The people who work here are very nice and the prices seem to be very reasonable. No salad on the menu costs more than $6.59, and the $6.59 cost is for a signature salad; another example is that most sub sandwiches here are $5.50 and no wrap costs more than $5.99. Lunch specials are offered (perhaps daily) from 11-3.If you're along this stretch of 17-92 and are looking for someplace new to check out, stop by here. As I mentioned, I haven't tried anything here that isn't dessert-based but I am hoping to soon.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,4/21/2012,48,313,5,6,4>You can get stuff at Skycraft that I'm pretty sure you can't get anywhere else in Orlando. The problem is that you may not be able to get what you're actually looking for or need. You can spend hours in here just wandering around looking at the huge variety of items. Most of the items are labeled, but usually without much detail. The staff is very knowledgeable though and can help guide you to the correct items - assuming they have them to begin with.Prices are a mixed bag. Lots of items are priced far lower than you can find elsewhere. Other items are far above what you'd pay in other retail stores. There doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason behind it though.Since this is a surplus store, most items are in fare less than "perfect" condition. Pins on electronics may be bent, but they're never missing. You may have to spend some time digging through the bin to find the perfect-ish one.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,4/20/2012,73,30,3,7,6>I enjoyed the experience, flavor was fantastic, I had the Hot n Juicy with the medium spice. My server was right, the medium had a kick. Ok so I was coughing, sniffling, and wiping my nose and loved everybit of it. Yes, I equate my spicy threshold to wing sauce and I normally like my wings sauced Hot.  The medium was enough of a kick for me, next time I'll actually try mild, as coughing isn't a thrill of mine. No no, the medium wasn't overly hot, but I'm thinking with mild I might pick up even more flavor rather than focusing on spicy levels.They are still missing their liquor license so it's free beer with a food order!  Price for 2lbs of crawfish were about $21.00 and a fair price, more than reasonable when you throw in Free Beer!  Check em out, I'd go back no questions asked.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,4/19/2012,89,173,6,3,4>My friend says to me, "You want to go drinking in a furniture store."  I say, who the hell drinks in a furniture store??  Well color me pink, I was pleasantly surprised.  This isn't your regular Ashley's Furniture show room.  Oh no, this is FANCY!After purchasing my red wine, I proceeded to sit on the museum worthy couch and pray to God I didn't drop my drink.  My friend and I had fun guessing how much items were and trying to guess their history.  I would highly recommend this place for a good night out.  Maybe not so much for the decorator on a budget...
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/18/2012,84,171,9,4,5>I'm trying to be kinder to the animals I expect to be slaughtered for my meat consumption, so when I saw "Free Range Chicken" on Nick's takeout menu I felt a little less guilty.My happy, once-free-roaming-but-now-dead-chicken sandwich (grilled) was served blackened on a buttered bun, and it was delightful. Yes, I know, chicken normally bores the crap out of me too, but this was tasty.The onion rings tasted like onion rings. Yay!Pickup is easy and fast and reliable. This is pretty much the only dining place near my job that tastes good, but I would eat at Nick's even if I was in a big city with finer eating establishments.Thank you, Nick's, for making me feel good about putting dead things in my belly.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,4/17/2012,100,218,3,8,6>When Tom and Libby both give a restaurant a good review, it is foolish to ignore them.  Saffron is a treat and by far the best Indian cuisine that I have found in Orlando.  I've visited Saffron twice in the past week, once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both times I ordered Palak Paneer (Spinach in a creamy tomato sauce).  Both times it was excellent.  My companion for both meals ordered Chicken Tikka Marsala and came away praising his meal both times.Lunch prices are quite reasonable.  My Palak Paneer was served with a vegetable samosa (earthily fragrant), yogurt and mint sauces, rice, papadam, naan and dessert.  For $7.95, the meal was a much better value than any lunch on Sand Lake Road.  And it was darn tasty, too!Dinner was a larger version of the lunch special.  Suffice it to say that I ate too much and should have shared an entree with someone.  Service is efficient and pleasant.  I initially gave Saffron 4 stars but before I hit send, I could not think of a reason to deduct a star.  It is that good!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,4/16/2012,59,73,3,5,4>I may be a little late in the bubble tea game but I am really enjoying these milk teas lately.  My favorite is the taro milk tea from the Orlando Chewy Boba company (formerly Lollicup). What is boba or bubble tea? The teas, sometimes in milk, have tapioca balls in the bottom that add a little chew to your drink. I find that people either love it or hate it. The taro flavor is best described as the taste of milk after you are done eating a kid cereal. Seriously. And it's purple, how often do you have a purple drink with dark bubbles in the bottom? I had my first taro milk tea with boba in Albuquerque a couple of months ago and I have tried several places that offer the teas in central Florida. The new Yu-mi also offers some flavors, as does Natura, on the east side of town, and Pom Pom's Teahouse. My favorite though, is Chewy Boba, because they have so many flavors and options, and they truly have it down to a science. Some of the teas can be pretty caffeinated so grab one and get productive.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,4/15/2012,210,167,2,6,4>Un des meilleurs endroits où j'ai été dans un temps long!What a wonderful time I had tonight at Dylan's. It was a rare treat in this fair town littered with fast food and tourist traps. Dylan is a French Bistro located on one of the best streets for food in Orlando near The Ravenous Pig and The Winter Park Fish Company. Dylan's has wonderful outside seating and a cute little bar. The place is owned by a Frenchman and his Spanish wife. I have been there for dinner and lunch. For dinner I had a cheese plate with 3 different types of cheeses. The owner took the time to explain each cheese to us. The cheese plate was served with 4 types of french bread all homemade and fresh fruit. We also ordered dates wrapped in bacon which were great. For lunch, I ordered the French sandwich served on pressed french bread with goat cheese, turkey, and ham. YUM! The service was a little strange, but we soon realized that we had to order from the bar. All was well after that. I really love this place and will be back for happy hour and wine tastings. MERVEILLEUX!!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/14/2012,112,206,5,8,3>Keeping up with the Taco Tuesday theme we decided to give this place a try. Ordered the taco platter which was two tacos, any type of meat I wanted, rice and my choice of beans. Let me start with this dish, YUM! I got the shredded beef and it was delish. They make all the food in front of you so I was able to pick my toppings. My b/f ordered a burrito. I have no clue what he put in it but it was HUGE! It seriously was big enough to feed a small army. lol! We also ordered the chips and guacamole and salsa. Holy Guacamole that stuff was good! Very flavorful, not just mashed up avocado. It's definitely a place that won't break your budget. Taco platter, burrito big enough to feed and army, two coronas, and chips with guac all for $24! I'll be back *said that in my head with my Arnold voice*
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/5/2013,556,227,5,11,5>I went to K Restaurant last week for my first fancy dinner as an official Orlando restaurant and, you know what, this town's alright. K was upscale and intimate without any air of pomp or pretentiousness. I felt like we were eating in a big, old house that had been converted into a lovely, private space just for our little dinner date... that is until I heard the couple at the next table arguing awkwardly under their breaths reminding me that we were not, in fact, alone. "Honey, what did I do wrong? Just tell me? Why are you ignoring me now?" Sheesh. Anyways, back to my experience. We started with some dranks, no liquor here so don't expect any fancy shmancy cocktail creations to match their menu, but the Sauvignon Blanc was lovely. For apps we split two salads; the first, a beet-mango-pistachio creation topped with a fat dollop of creamy, fresh goat cheese, and the second, get this, BBQ pork belly and fresh, juicy watermelon atop a bed of fresh, mixed greens. Wow! Both were great, but the beet-mango didn't stand one chubby chance against the sweet and salty pork and watermelon combo. Outstandingly delicious and unique!For my main I went with the Local Mahi served over corn succotash. A beautiful presentation with fresh taste to match! I was looking for something a little lighter, but didn't want to skimp on flavor, and this ended up being the perfect choice. The fish was flaky and buttery (in a good way!) and was complimented awesomely by the corn and lima beans. My date had the Maple Farms duck, which I tried a bite of, and it was equally yummy. Of course, I couldn't pass up the french toast bread pudding (who would!?) A perfect cherry on top of a fabulous dinner. Our server was eccentric, bordering on obnoxious, which was probably my least favorite aspect of the meal, but he still did his job well and made some great recommendations for us. And hey, I'm all for having a personality! All in all a lovely evening and one I would love to repeat sometime soon.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/4/2013,36,120,1,4,4>I am in this area almost every day and never knew this place existed... That is until I found it on Yelp, and since the reviews were really good I decided to give it a try.So far I have only been here once, and I got the Gyro with the Greek Salad.... and it was AMAZING! Its going to be hard not to get it again the next time I go, because I know they they have a ton of other delicious food. This place is really small and cute - very clean - and the staff is really nice.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/3/2013,60,184,2,5,3>Tucked away in the quiet neighborhood of Gotha just outside of Orlando is a quaint and cozy place to grab a sandwich, a salad or some BBQ.  The food is good.  And they get bonus points for creativity.  The very unique sandwiches all have fun names like Fluffy Love or the Beast of the Middle East.  On a rainy Tuesday we stopped by Yellow Dog Eats to grab some lunch.  Usually, there is a long line wrapped around the dining room but on this particular afternoon there were lots of people in the restaurant but no wait.  Bonus.Occasionally I order something in a restaurant that is just not good and this time it was the Jolly Green Giant wrap.  It sounded delicious on paper but it just didn't execute well.  Jolly Green Giant mushy messThe menu stated  "a spinach tortilla filled to the brim with meaty avocado, red onions, goat cheese, sprouts, scallions,and spring mix are made delightful with our cilantro-lime-avocado dressing."   In reality, it was just a mushy wet mess.  Between the avocado and the dressing, it was just a blob of cream wrapped in a tortilla.  There was literally a puddle of liquid on the plate.  If you look closely in the above picture you can see the clear watery liquid under the sandwich.  It was yucky.I did, however, enjoy the hummus and pita chips that came as a side to my sandwich.Chad ordered the Kitty Kat tuna sandwich which is always one of his favorites.  They use white albacore tuna with lettuce, onions, dried cranberries, sunflower sprouts, Gouda cheese and orange-cointreau mayo on multi grain bread.  I think he orders this every time we visit Yellow Dog Eats and it has never let him down.I also ordered a cup of the Beer Cheese soup which was OK- it was very sour tasting.  Not like beer, not like cheese- I couldn't quite pin down the flavor- it was just sour.My favorite part of my meal was the side of mozzarella and cheese I had also ordered.  Perfect little round balls of  mozzarella and cherry tomatoes drizzled with a balsamic glaze.  Tiny pieces of fresh basil made this so delicious.  I would have been happy eating a couple bowls of this as my meal.  Yummy.Yellow Dog Eats wallYellow Dog Eats is a very popular local hangout.  Graffiti is everywhere- on the walls, the tables and the chairs.  I mean everywhere.  A few bad words but mostly just people writing fun little quotes on any available surface.  For the lines that I have seen here there are not nearly enough tables to accommodate everyone on a crowded day, though we were fine that afternoon and sat in the upstairs dining room.  The only annoying thing was having to carry our tray up and down the narrow staircase but at least it was quiet up there.  Not that this is a bad thing but the guys in the kitchen love to sing along to whatever song is playing on the radio.  Again, not a bad thing- but it was nice to sit in a more quiet area.We also felt a little pressured when we had barely walked into the door and we were approached by a gentleman telling us what to order.  While I am sure these were meant to be just suggestions they certainly didn't across that way. He also had no problem handling the food that made it to the counter with his bare hands in plain view.  I just think that is gross.Unfortunately, because of a runny sandwich and sour soup- I give it 3 1/2 sprouts.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/2/2013,75,147,5,2,2>This restaurant has always been a favorite. If my wife is reading this, close your eyes baby... I've taken pretty much every girl I've ever been in a relationship with to this restaurant. It's the perfect mix of casual and classy that I desired for a date night, plus it never broke the bank. And usually, my dates loved this place so we would frequent it. Now that I'm married, my wife and I go here quite often. The service is always fast and friendly, the food is amazing, and the price isn't too bad. I mean, obviously it's gonna be more expensive than Denny's or something, you know. More expensive than Chilli's or Friday's. But look at the atmosphere and just the quality of the food and you'll understand why. Really, there's no comparison. I highly recommend this place. If you're looking for "real" Italian food, come here, and their pizza is pretty damn good too.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,9/1/2013,197,151,3,8,6>The best coffee I ever had was in Vietnam, where they have amazing ca phe sua da. Ever since, no other places have been able to match it in flavor or richness. That is, until I came to Credo. Credo brings me back to a place where coffee is flavorful and bold and just plain awesome. It's the best I've had in Orlando. The greatest part of all? It's a non-profit organization that provides amazing coffee and does amazing things. Their coffee is actually 50% better than Fair-Trade Coffee and they're really involved in the community. They work with the Boys & Girls Club and various other organizations, where they have a Bike Rally and participate in different activities. They also have (for the next few months) a Songwriter's Stage -- sort of like open mic, but better -- and free workshops every so often. And if you like their coffee, it's available for purchase or you can get a coffee subscription.   Credo's bright, minimalistic-styled decor is the ultimate environment for productivity, comfort, and conversation. Gallery walls of kitchsy, thrift store art add a bit of quirk to the cafe, and the eclectic mix of chairs provides an endless game of "Where to sit?". The back room is darker than the front, but it's more private as well. There are table lamps on or near every table, providing you with light for your work. This room is also available for rent during the day. The whole place is available for rent after seven. There's free wi-fi and plenty of outlets, countless tables and sofas, and an endless supply of coffee and teas available for purchase. Their hot chocolate is one of the best I've had and their baked goods are to die for. You'll have to hurry sometimes, since they do run out during the course of the day. Their staff is really knowledgeable in their coffee and are always willing to have a chat with you while you order. They're super friendly as well. I recall my first trip there where I didn't know what to order and they pretty much gave me a thorough rundown of their menu. I've never seen any of them with less than a smile on their faces. I always tip them whenever I can; they deserve it!As you may know, you basically pay what you want for their stuff. Their suggested prices usually ranges from $2-$6 depending on what you get, and I find them really fair (even a little inexpensive, compared to other chains). Honestly, if I could afford more at this point, I'd always give a little more. They're definitely worth it. Clean-up is done by you; there's a black tray where you leave your mugs and plates.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/31/2013,36,119,,6,5>Oh my Lord! Why did I find this place? So close to home too. This is going to be a problem. So, I had completely given up on going to Puerto Rican restaurants in Orlando. Can you believe it? But I heard great things about this place from friends so we decided to try it. It's definitely hard to find if you don't know where you are going. It's hidden inside the strip mall where Publix and Goodfellas are.It's relatively small and there are maybe like 12-15 tables. Upon walking in we were greeted by our server Natalia and she was wonderful throughout the whole time we were there. For drinks we ordered two sangrias, one red and one white. Natalia told us these were made in-house. My favorite was the white one. I think the base was peach. It was delicious and refreshing. During happy hour these are only $2! What?! I know! It could be dangerous.We decided to start with the alcapurrias. The plate comes with two nicely sized alcapurrias. Alcapurrias are these delicious, fattening, unhealthy fritters made from a dough of yucca, green bananas and/or plantains. Inside there is seasoned ground beef. Oh, these were soooo good. They were definitely homemade and served hot, straight from the fryer. They also bring fresh, hot, pressed bread with garlic and butter. Gone in no time.So, for my dinner I went with the yucca mofongo and octopus salad. I love yucca mofongo from Puerto Rico so I went on a limb to see if it was good here. And ohhhh it was, it was soooo amazingly delicious. Very soft and moist with pieces of crunchy chicharron and garlicky flavored mashed yucca. Heaven. We asked Natalia for some mojito and mayo ketchup as we like to dip some of the pieces in it. I love, love octopus. It was soft and clean and mixed in with onions, peppers, olive oil and a little vinegar. They gave me a lot of it too which was surprisingly nice. This tells me a lot because if not cooked right octopus can be very chewy and also they usually give you more onions/peppers than anything else. But not here!My BF had the Trifongo with carne frita. Trifongo is a mofongo made with plantains, yucca and sweet plantains (maduros). It was out of this world. You get the hint of sweetness from the maduros mixed in with some of the chicharron. Oh! Pure heaven. Carne frita was seasoned beautifully and sauteed with onions.For dessert we tried the coconut flan and it was really good. Perfectly creamy but I did not get a lot of coconut flavor.The prices are fantastic. We ate all of this and had 3 sangrias (happy hour) for $47!!!! This is definitely Puerto Rican food done right. Dangerous...
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/30/2013,93,108,1,7,3>You don't have to be a rawtarian to appreciate their delish creations! They offer refreshing juice combinations like beet/carrot/cucumber/ginger/lemon that even kids would love, as well as beautiful kombucha ferments in flavors like blueberry that made my taste buds dance. If you just need quick snack, their kale chips have tons of flavor and a nice little kick. Their carrot bites and raw energy bars would be the perfect pre or post workout indulgence too! Their salads are served in mason jars, which was so cute, but also functional because the salad dressing sat at the bottom so as not to wilt the greens and it was fun to shake it around to mix it up. I love when form meets function =) Can't wait til they open up at the East End Market in July!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,8/29/2013,105,99,4,4,4>Cute exterior with the black and pink, it definitely stands out.  Adorable display in the window full of cupcakes and cake slices, I felt a little "teehee" go off inside me. How wonderfully wicked are the desserts here?  Ohhh.... they are wicked indeed.  I can't recall when I had a meal solely made up of desserts.  The Carrot Cake was firm yet moist.  As in, it was dense but not dry or oily.  Patti says she loves all her desserts but the carrot cake is the best seller.  I've had carrot cake many different ways but this is seriously good.  I am really loving the cream cheese frosting because it's so light and slightly tart.  The Coconut Brûlée Cheesecake was amazing.  FYI, this is not a dense cheesecake.  It is a bit lighter but definitely full of flavor.  Macadamia nut crust?  Yes, please!  To make it even sweeter, there was a toasted coconut and caramel sauce on top.  The Key Lime Cake is soaked with a special rum glaze.The Fudge Ripple Bread Pudding was another amazing dessert.  Although it was a bit rich for me, it balanced out with a cup of black coffee.The Bourbon Pecan Pie was also another amazing treat.I had so much desserts at this point, I couldn't fathom to take another bite.  The Chocolate Zucutto looked great.  Dessert overload, I really was stuffed.  I noticed most of the frostings were light but very flavorful and none of the desserts were too rich.  Presentation was great, the staff at the Dessert Lady was very friendly, there was not a bite I ate that I regretted.Everything I tasted was absolutely wonderful.  Here you have a woman with no culinary training, who has turned something she loved into something amazing.It's a bit hidden to find the Dessert Lady but it'll be worth it.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,8/28/2013,1408,1403,,6,2>We really love this little place. In addition to everything else they serve an outstanding breakfast Thursday through Sunday. The Bayou crepes and Eggs Benedict are truly outstanding, and priced at only 6 bucks!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,8/27/2013,188,226,5,10,5>I want to keep this place a secret so it does not get too busy but dang, I also am forced as a Yelper to share my find!  I discovered this gem via word of mouth.  As far as I know, they don't advertise but they do have a facebook page as well as a web site (but you will have to find them on your own... just like finding the front door!)  I was so intrigued to find this place once someone said it was a secret, that it took me about 15 min of searching to actually find it once I was in the area.  If you read a few more of the reviews, I am sure you will figure it out... but I wont tell.  Once you do find it and walk in, you are greeted by J.R.... one of the best hosts in the business.  We were not there for dinner but to just have a drink before heading to another place for dinner so we just sat at the bar.  Its like you stepped into a different era...a 1920 speakeasy of days gone past.  The music, the decor... everything was thought out and impressed us.  We were greeted at the bar by Dominick and soon discovered the fizzes... other wise known at adult soda pop.  I tried the manhattan one and my partner had a different one... i cant remember what it was but they were fantastic!  Served in hand capped soda bottles and lead crystal glassware.  Our conversation with J.R. continued and we soon met Tyler and Chef Loren.  What a great bunch of people who got together to create this place.  It was a labor of love and it shows.  Soon our bellies were ready for food and we did not want to leave so J.R. recommended the Garlicky Cape Canaveral Rock Shrimp.  Wholly mother of god... we were blown away with the flavor and succulence of these shrimp.  We had ordered a pound of shrimp to share and they were gone in 10 min.  If you do order these, be prepaired to suck your fingers clean.  Once the shrimp were gone, there was all this garlic juice in the bottom of the bowl and we said to ourselves...'if we only had some bread to sop it all up with!"... just then, Chef Loren came out of the kitchen, saw what was left and said... 'let me get you some bread!"  She totally read our minds!  I would have licked the bowl if I was not in public. As the evening continued, we drank more, ate more (we also had the fondue - yummo!) and soon realized we had been there enjoying ourselfs for almost 2 hours.  We totally missed our dinner reservation but did not care.   Hanging out here was one of the best nights my partner and I have ever had. Atmosphere  10Food 10Service 10It is very rare that I give all 10s for any place but they deserved it. I truly recommend checking out The Pharmacy!  We plan to go back again and enjoy dinner and some more wonderful cocktails!  Say hi to everyone for us and tell them Chris and Joe sent ya! Enjoy!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,7/16/2013,21,118,,7,2>My husband and I stopped in here on 5/27/13 for a late lunch/early dinner. The place is super casual, and most of the seating is outside on their covered deck which overlooks Lake Jennie Jewel (Orange Ave. side). They DO serve breakfast on the weekends, but this is really more of a lunch and dinner place. Do not judge this book by it's cover though. They seem a little run down, but it's a clean place with friendly staff and a nice view. I ordered the fried grouper basket which came with the most amazing hush-puppies I have had in a long time. The grouper was fried well, and not greasy. My husband ordered the Cajun grilled grouper sandwich, which he also said was very good. They do not have a full bar, but they do have beer, wine, mimosas, and a decent sangria (of which I had 2). We thoroughly enjoyed the breeze off the water while watching people ski. Our waitress was attentive but not to the point of hovering. Overall, I would recomend and like to return.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/14/2013,107,68,2,2,3>I love this place. It is cheap, fast and  delicious.  Cheap: For 4.99 i can get two tacos plus a side of beans and rice.Fast: food is usually really in under 10 minutesDelicious: I have tried a bunch of different meats on my tacos and each one of them has a unique and yummy flavor. I still can't decide on my favorite, but if i had to pick two they would be steak and marinated pork.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,7/13/2013,498,694,6,5,5>If you are felling a little, hippy, trippy, or just in the mood for some excellent vegan food...Look no further.  This place is the shit!We came here on a Saturday on our way to Lake Eola.  There was a bit of a line, but it actually moves pretty fast.  The menu has some pretty cool items on it, but I kept hearing about this Sweet Potato burrito.  Well, I love Sweet potatoes and burritos..score!  I also wanted to try an appetizer so I opted for the side sampler.  They also have a pretty good selection of beers in the fridge, as well as some on tap.You may think, OMG this is expensive.  But in reality, I think it is a pretty decent deal, as the food is organic, and pretty expensive if purchased in the super market.  The food took about 20 minutes...again, it was pretty busy.We got the appetizer first.  It came with 4 different dips.  I really liked them all, but the queso.  It had a funky aftertaste.  I would also suggest bigger portions, as we had lots of leftover chips.  Then my burrito came out.  Oh mama, this thing was huge!  The burrito was filled with quinoa, sweet potatoes and other yummy goodness.  I could barely finish it. Believe me when I tell you, this thing kept me full all day.I am really looking forward to going back and just hanging out, surfing the web and drinking some tea.#Yelp100
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,7/12/2013,123,206,1,4,3>Charming little theater in the center of town. The shows are affordable ($20) and entertaining. I have seen three productions here so far and it more than worth what I paid for the show.Everyone there is a volunteer and they choose to entertain us. That is kind of cool.The lobby area is charming and homey. I like to grab a glass of wine at the bar and sit back to relax prior to the show.If you get a chance, catch one of their holiday shows. They do caroling prior to the show. They tend to get packed so get tickets for those in advance.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,7/11/2013,53,215,2,9,4>A newcomer to the Avenue...Smart Coffee HD brings a mixture of delicious breakfast, sandwiches, and coffee drink to South Park Avenue. I was invited to the soft opening where I had the chance of trying three dishes, pastries, and the coffee. First, the chicken and waffles were amazingly good. I have not had decent C&W on the east coast and I am so happy that Smart Coffee has a chef that knows how to make them. The waffle was crispy on the outside, nice and soft on the inside. The chicken batter was great with lots of flavor. They didn't drain it in batter and, once out of the fryer, it wasn't drained in oil. Yum!The Beef It Up was great as well. Tender roast beef with caramelized onions and arugula on top. The bread was fresh, fresh, fresh! The homemade tomato basil soup was also a huge hit. Even my "I don't like veggies" coworkers were pleased with the mix of tomatoes and basil. What I liked about this soup is that all I could taste was the tomatoes and basil...I could not tell if they had used cream or butter, which is always a plus.Lastly, the pastries...they had TONS of vegan and gluten-free options.  The same coworkers that are against veggies were amazed that they liked their gluten-free brownies and carrot cake. Things like "Oh my gosh!" "No way!" "This is amazing" were coming out of people's mouth. It was a really funny moment.I can't wait until they fully open so I can try their veggin' out wrap and their breakfast items.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,7/10/2013,122,205,2,3,2>I was very happy with my food here.  I ordered takeout and got my go-to favorite, chicken parmesan with spaghetti.  It came with a side salad with italian dressing which was pretty good.  The portion size was huge, so I had enough leftovers for dinner the next day.  The chicken was delicious!  Very tender and juicy and the spaghetti was cooked just the way I liked it, a bit al dente.  The red sauce they use was also delcious.It's a very small place.  When you walk in there's an Italian guy behind the counter making pizzas and he makes sure you feel welcome by saying hello and asks how you're doing when you come in and says goodbye when you leave.  Very friendly.I would recommend this place and will be returning.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,7/9/2013,68,130,,6,3>I can't like this place enough.  I've been dividing my time between Milk Bar and Redlight Redlight and I gotta say, this place has just got an edge to be reckoned with.As far as ambiance goes, well, there are video games......right?   Well, they sweetened the deal with Radiohead playing, Bladerunner on one TV and classic Tron on the other.  Can I just chain myself to the bar and refuse to leave?The bartender Joe could not have been nicer.  He explained everything from how they shift games in and out to add to the variety, how they shift beers in and out of their menus to do the same, and the different food trucks that visit.  Today's food truck was Eclectic Kitchen, and just......whoa.  Also an instant favorite.The place really has got a great space to work with,  I didn't feel like I am shuffling through a crowd, there really was room to spread out, play games, you name it.Playing pac-man brought back memories of the public pool and running into their arcade and getting shocked by the game console while feverishly trying to beat it.  Love it.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/8/2013,112,4,14,7,7>I would straight sweep the leg of a nun holding 4 newborns standing at the rail of an alligator pit to get my hands on some Oblivion. Fact.In some particular order, I will now attempt to mention as many of the numerous things I love about oblivion as I can, while sporadically ignoring grammar & punctuation.Bartenders, I love 'em. These Oblivion ones especially. They know what they're serving, they drink the same stuff they sell, they'll tell you flat out what's what without all that snobbishly-over-educated-with-no-sense-of-how-to-­relay-in-laymans-terms bullshit that's easy to find with craft beer bars."Oh, silly novice! You didn't know these hops were smuggled out of Burma in fetal monkey bellies, then brewed, aged, and fermented in the back of a Kentucky meth house for a year before being filtered through Jenna Jameson's fishnets?!" - Yeah, duhhhh, HOW could I not know that?Basically, there's none of that here.The servers seem to be well reviewed. They're straight up B.A. babes.Then there's the art (SICK murals), steel tip darts, pool, a great melting pot of random people to meet at the bar.The food...dude, the food. Dude. Chef Goody lays it down! The wings. I was at work having the usual "best wings in town" debate with a buddy, told him he could only contribute to the conversation once he'd sampled Oblivion's smoked wings. He did...and that night he started a blog dedicated to reviewing amazing chicken wings. Fact. Oh, yeah, specials like gator jerky, beer floats with bacon ice cream, fried black eyed peas, and a plethora of baller ass burgers, Goody gets busy! And just a little note on quality, everything... every.thing. is made from scratch.Pshhh I'm done with this. If you need me, I'll be at Oblivion.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,7/7/2013,71,58,,6,1>I was thrilled to see that Peach Valley Cafe had opened up on Orange Ave. because I only usually get to eat there when I'm in the Dr. Phillips area. I had the chicken and waffles. Oh my! This was like heaven in my mouth.  4 crisp, perfectly seasoned pieces of chicken, a waffle topped with blueberry butter and cajun syrup. Yes, yes and yes! This dish was amazing.  My boyfriend ordered the vegetable and egg croissant benedict.  It looked amazing and he really enjoyed it.  I'm envious of that I don't like egg yolk because this dish was filled with goodness. And for all you first timers, you MUST order the apple fritters served with strawberry yogurt.  The staff here was extremely friendly.  We were here on Christmas Eve so maybe it was the spirit of the season but the staff really seemed to be happy to be there and that was refreshing. The lunches at Peach Valley are also worth a try.  I haven't had them at this location yet, but I imagine they are just as good.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/6/2013,210,167,,5,2>I highly recommend this place. It's very authentic. It is owned by a cute French family from the south of France. They first opened their doors on Goldenrod near UCF (not the best location for a French bakery.) Now they are located, quite fittingly where Marie France used to be in Thornton Park. The baked good are so fresh. I love it! Most bakeries serve day old goods, not this place. You can tell things were made that day. I tried the LA LORRAINE: Bacon, nutmeg sauce, cheesequiche and it was delish. Heather tried LE DEAUVILLE: French ham, tomato, hard boiled egg, apple, mixed green salad, mayonnaise sandwich and ate every bite. The iced coffee is perfect. They also sell interesting chocolates like chocolate, peanut-butter and bacon (which I was too full to try.)The ambience is sleek and inviting. I will definately be back!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,4/19/2014,125,57,6,14,6>If I lived closer to this cafe, I'd be here EVERY day. No joke. If you haven't been to this cafe, it's truly a unique experience. First of all, it is a donation based cafe, which means that you pay via a suggested donation. I've been in once but came back today after having a rough day. I bought a chai latte, which said $4 on the paper but put in $1 as a TIP, or so I thought I did. I accidentally paid $1 for the latte. Thus, the universe screamed "UNIQUE, WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?" I ended up asking the lovely barista to let me add $4. Speaking of the Chai Latte - it's delicious. The syrups are made in-house and they are yummmmmm-eeeeeee.The ambiance is peaceful yet energetic - almost like an afterwork out high; when you are relaxed but still energized, which makes it a wonderful environment to work in or hang out with friends. I know this sounds silly but I'm also in love with the fact that there are tons of plants; I'm a green activist, so I find it wonderful when there is life inside a beautiful cafe. If you are looking for a great spot to get some work done or rejuvinate, then you've come to the right place.The only thing bad that comes to mind is the place fills up TOO fast; I felt like I needed to bring my own couch or something.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,4/18/2014,293,472,1,15,9>This place is absolutely wonderful. Great collection of local food vendors. The brains behind The East End Market really care about supporting local vendors, goods and the local community. There are a number of vendors, 10 I believe. Cheese shop, La Femme du Fromage; Seafood & Spanish provisions, La Brexta; Skyebird experimental juice bar; Bakery, Olde Hearth bread company; Produce and local meats, Local Roots; Hot sauce/sandwiches and soups, Houndstooth; Italian desserts and dishes, Fatto en Casa; Coffee bar, Lineage Roasting. There are also a couple other vendors that don't sell food, one sells decorative plants, Porch Therapy and another called Olde design. Out front the market has a massive vegetable garden with lettuce, beans, peppers and much more.Places like this are a gift to our city and deserve your patronage, go there ASAP and buy lots of food and goods.In the future they will be adding a Basque restaurant called Txokos from Chef Henry Salgado of the amazing Spanish River Grill in NSB.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,4/17/2014,71,48,7,8,5>In reality, my review should go something like this:Chickpea Fries. ::micdrop::Carmel is a trendy, friendly place with good Happy Hour specials and tasty food.  I like that they present you with an iPad showing their menu items that you can even order with. I was a big fan of the chicken skewers and, of course, the chickpea fries that are served with a curry aioli.  They are also served with a tomato jam, but the curry is where it's at!I was a little disappointed in the Moroccan lemon chicken I had for lunch a few weeks ago as the chicken itself was a bit dry. Having been for both lunch and dinner, I can say it gets loud and crowded in the evening.  If you are going for dinner, make a reservation.  Especially if you have a larger group. Also, be sure to check out their rewards program.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,4/15/2014,94,68,4,9,5>I grew up in the Debary area, so I know that Fetter's has been around for years.  Although I've passed by it many times, I never really knew what it was, therefore never had a reason to go in.  The name "Fetter's Feed" I guess made me think of livestock or something.  Recently Hubby and I were driving by and I noticed they had a sign out that said "baby chicks are here".  I immediately got excited and begged him to turn the car around!  You see, for about four years now, I've daydreamed about having a couple backyard chickens.  How fun would it be to have a cute little coop and fresh eggs?!  Unfortunately most of the cities or neighborhoods I've lived in don't allow chickens as pets.  But my curiosity was peaked, so I just had to find out about these baby chicks.  Fetter's is definitely what I would call a "Mom and Pop" kind of place.  First off, it's cash only...no plastic here folks.  Second, there was an older lady at the counter and you could tell she had been working at that counter for years.  The inside is rustic, almost like a barn even.  I was surprised to see shelves and racks full of dog and cat products.  Turns out they have "feed" for animals of all kind.  As the sign outside promised, there were some baby chicks right when I walked in.  I started talking to the lady at the counter, asking her about the chicks...who buys them, what for, what breeds are they, how much, etc.  Honestly I probably asked her a hundred questions.  She was super friendly and took the time to answer all my questions.  Turns out people buy them for eggs, like I envisioned myself doing.  And she explained that all the babies come vaccinated and debeaked.  "Debeaked?!", I thought!  I immediately imagined some machine cutting off the beaks of helpless chicks.  But she assured me that it just means they file down the very sharp point at the tip of their beaks so they can't hurt each other.  Phew!  Eventually the chicken talk turned to dog talk, as she asked if we had any pets.  I let her know that we have 3 dogs and a cat (yes we have a zoo!).  Then she started to talk about the "feed" they carry for dogs (it still kind of throws me off how they refer to everything there as feed - I can't seem to shake the image of livestock when I hear that word, lol).  Turns out the brand they carry, Exclusive, is the original Purina recipe.  She made it very clear that it is NOT the same as the Purina that you can buy at the grocery store or Petsmart, that stuff is garbage, she said.  When Nestle bought out Purina, they completely changed the recipe of the food, essentially ruining it.  But the brand they have still has all the great qualities of the original recipe.  I am very picky about what I feed my pets and have always opted for the holistic, more expensive brands.  I thought there was no way that what they have here could be better then what I already was feeding them.  But the more she talked about it, the more intrigued I became.  She showed us a brochure and pointed out the ingredients.  No animal by-product or other fillers.  Plus I was in shock once she mentioned the price...$35 for 35 lb bag!  What I was buying at the time runs at around $60 for a 35 lb bag.  So the next thing you know, Hubby and I are walking out with the a bag of dog food!  It's been about 2 weeks now, and so far the dogs love the food.  The real test for me will be if it makes their coats shinier or duller, so I will update in a couple months.Overall, I'm very glad that we stopped in to Fetter's.  I will be more than happy to become a regular customer and support this local business.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,4/14/2014,108,251,2,7,5>Yum.I was not quite sure what to expect when I saw this place being built out. "Meltz? What is that going to be, a grilled cheese place? Ehhh." but now that it is open, I have been pleasantly surprised to find it is a full-service sandwich and soup shop! The interior is clean and bright, with a small waiting area for take-out and a respectable quantity of seating - about 4/5 full today at lunchtime. Tried a sandwich and soup today (I usually only do soup when it's cold, I guess this winter 65 degrees will have to suffice). Service was friendly, fast and accurate. The soup of the day was a spicy chicken pasta, in a rich and flavorful broth with red pepper and just enough spicy kick. For my sandwich I opted for the Beef + Bird (Roast turkey, roast beef, provolone, Swiss, cream cheese and chive spread, and Dijon mustard, grilled on rye swirl bread, au jus) - in retrospect, maybe I shouldn't have picked something with a dearth of vegetables, but hey, it's the season to indulge and that thing was hot, cheesy, melty and good. For the vegetarians there is a good assortment of hummus, mushroom and roasted veg-based choices. For the meatatarians, there are traditional (e.g., cuban, reuben) and signature selections, including a pork belly sandwich - the Slab Bacon BLT - that caught my eye and I'll be back for that. Online ordering is available and they also have breakfast (chorizo gravy?? Another one for me to try and then update this review...) and late-night options.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/13/2014,74,68,1,6,5>Walked over from Thirsty Topher to check out this bar for a quick drink with a friend. It's an extremely casual bar for locals & hipsters-jeans & chucks lol. Thankfully, I'm the kind of person that can adapt to any social setting.They have a full liquor bar & mainly domestic beers- very few craft & rare beers. Beer snobs need not bother lol. BUT if you're looking to kick back and chilax at a neighborhood bar- then this is the place to go. I found this place very cool- I didn't find the bartenders to be over serving at all. The patrons seemed very friendly- I didn't experience any alienation whatsoever. Heh we were even given control over the remote. I'll definitely be returning to this place once it gets warmer outside.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/12/2014,92,300,3,13,5>It really needs to be reiterated how incredibly wonderful this restaurant is and after various visits I can now say that this is without a doubt, my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Orlando.The service! Wonderful, attentive service!We were a party of 8 tonight and we were just totally in awe of how well we were treated. They stayed open 40 minutes after their closing time, and we were in no way shape or form pressured to hurry up and leave. One of the people with us said: "I have never been treated so well at a restaurant before." The kids were looking at the lights and the disco ball that they had at the back side of the restaurant and he asked the owner what they were for and he bent down and smiled at the kids and said: "Would you like to see?"  I thought he was just kidding with them but he actually went around to the other diners, asked if they'd mind and when they all agreed, he dimmed the lights and turned on the disco ball so the kids could start dancing!! It was just, such a wonderful experience, add to the fact that their food is phenomenal and hell; I'd venture to say this is one of my favorite restaurants; period. How often do you find a continuous flow of fantastic service and food executed to delicious perfection?YOU HAVE TO COME HERE, and see for yourself!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/11/2014,161,140,6,22,13>This place is the ultimate hole in the wall.I have to add my .02 to the glowing reviews for this banh mi place. I want to start off by saying I am not big on banh mi's. I hardly ever crave for it or feel like I need to have one. Oh my! This place has changed me to only crave their banh mi's!. The banh mi's that come out of that tiny kitchen  is pretty darn fab. The french bun is so crispy but just enough chewiness (I can't confirm if they bake in house or its bought from near by Viet sources). The house special is delish! #6 is great but I keep thinking its normal grill pork but its looks like Char Siu inside - I guess technically its still grilled pork. I have tried the Pork Belly one and you've got to be a big fan of it to really like it. It didn't quite sit well with my stomach cause I'm not use all the fat. Many items are made with deli meat and pork products. There are other ones though that are vegetarian and fish but you'll probably have to request for them to hold off the pate smear. I usually park in the back lot on Hillcrest St. and not on E. Colonial to get to this store because parallel parking on E. colonial is sort of a nightmare on the weekends. Cash Only - 3.50 per sub. Buy 5 get 1 Free! ENJOY!"See you tomorrow!  OK!" - you know what i'm talking about.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/10/2014,181,355,1,8,6>I was waiting forever for this place to open. Well it's now OPEN!For a restaurant with a small footprint, the layout and big windows make this place feel really spacious. The interior is very easy on the eyes. I like when new places open and you feel like you're not in Orlando anymore. The Strand has this quality. It's sort of a neighborhood gastropub, with familiar yet upgraded American fare and some wildcards like a Niçoise salad and crab cakes. I tried the Porkzilla sandwich, which is a slight misnomer I feel. It was a pulled pork with a papaya glaze. You'd think a name like that would be something insane. Though the sandwich was a bit dry for my tastes, the flavor was great. I'd definitely order this again maybe asking for more sauce. I was as pleased as Punch when the Coke I ordered was a Mexican Coke in a bottle. Bonus!I'm excited to go back and see what else is worth writing home about.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,4/9/2014,46,85,8,8,6>Holy cow, who made the interior design choices. As other reviewers said, the decor choices are a little odd. Its kind of like an artistically challenged Michael Angelo with ADHD and tourettes decorated the place.So close to 5 stars! The amount of food you get I was impressed with. The photo of my salad attached to this review is a small. If thats a small how big is a large. When I came back from the bathroom I asked who ordered the big bowel of garlic knots. No one did. I guess it came with the food. The pizza. freakin enormous.  The salad had all fresh ham cheese mushrooms ect, the pizza only uses fresh ingredients as well.My sister-in-law ordered off the lunch menu, 2 slices and a salad. I shouod of taken pics of her slices.  these things were massive!! one of her slices was equal to two from our full size pie. I ordered a side of marinara sauce for the garlic knots and that was very good too. a touch of spice and oregano it seemed like.The owners, I assume they're the owners, are super friendly,  her accent through me off. I thought maybe Russian, but not quiet. I had to ask. she said shes from yugoslavia. The only reason I didnt rate 5 stars is because of the pizza. its just my opinion so it doesnt mean much but for me personally it was wayyyy to greasy. the dough is kind of thin already, add a ton of grease and you get mush. as soon as I placed a slice on my plate you can see grease oozing out into a puddle under the slice. With every bite I was one step closer to bypass surgery. I recommend going. but finding the place will take a glance around the parking lot. when you pull into where bayridge sushi is look to the right at the far corner of the strip mall. its kind of tucked away and impossible to see from the street. But to sum up, good food and great service, its definitely worth checking out. Im interested to know what their other food tastes like.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/9/2014,89,155,5,7,6>I had so much fun here! My gal pals took me to Scarlet Easel for a pre-birthday celebration. You will want to get here at least 10-15 minutes before the start of your painting session if you are in a group. Once you set your items down; the instructor will have you grab your own paint to prep for your session. Canvases and other painting tools are already set up for you.  The class started around 7 with some stragglers trickling in through the door. Each session has a different painting so make sure you check out their calendar online if you are particular about what you paint. Bianca was our art instructor for the night and she was a blast! She was patient, friendly, and animated. The finished canvas painting was displayed at the front so that everyone could see what the end product should look like.  The canvas theme was "Burning Love" that particular night. Bianca broke down each stroke and section so that everyone could easily follow. If there was ever a technique for a special brushstroke; then she would walk down the aisle and rows to make sure that everyone understood. Drinks available for purchase were: beer, wine, and soda. Wine was sold by glass and bottle. One of my friends made me a gift basket that had iced coffee from Lineage. I'm mentioning this because the coffee is packaged in bottles similar to beer bottles. Upon seeing the bottles; one of the Scarlet Easel employees immediately inquired if we brought our own beer because that wasn't allowed. Just fyi for those few people who were wondering. You can however, bring your own snacks to eat while you paint! Oh yeah, if you are not artistically inclined, but really want something different on your canvas, then Bianca will hook it up. My friend really wanted a panda bear and a baby panda to symbolize the maternal bond between her and her daughter. Bianca was more than willing to oblige and painted pandas on my friend's canvas. As we were leaving, I noticed she was drawing a Pikachu character for a couple.    I'm such a horrible artist! So, for me to bring home a halfway decent painting is a major success in my book!  Good luck with yours!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/8/2014,210,146,,9,2>If you are a fan of Finnhenry's Public House in Downtown Orlando, or Ollie's Public House in College Park, you are in luck South Orange Ave/Conway/SoDo/Holden/Fort Gatlin area. We now have the brand new Vanbarry's Public House! Which is another great extension of those restaurants and owned by the same people that have made those two restaurants a success in their respected areas of Orlando. This current location for Vanbarry's as been many places in the past  few years but so far this is my favorite use of the space. Completely revamped on the inside and out and opened up completely from its predecessors. This has almost a Key West/Beach Bar vibe. Located right on Orange Ave. and across from Lake Jennie Jewel. The inside is typical booths, tables, chairs and bar area and then on the outside you have a huge covered patio with about 25 to 30 tables, flat screen TV's plus a fire pit area. Again my favorite part is the openness of it all from the inside dining area to the outside. They also had a live band that you could hear both inside and out without any problems and could still have a conversation. The food is a good cross between Pub Foods, Bar Foods, and selections from both Finnhenry's and Ollie's menu's and maybe even a dish from the Wall St. Cantina from downtown.  We had the skillet mac and cheese with bacon appetizer which was very good on its own(seriously how do you go wrong with bacon in it) over all cooked perfect and a good portion for at two people. Also the Jerk Chicken Quesadilla which was not too spicy for those that don't like spicy jerk chicken. Full Bar with plenty of drinks of all varieties martini's, shots, mason jar cocktails, and something for everyone in regards to booze and a really large selection of canned and draft beers. As of this writing tonight with it being just open service was not bad, a bit slow, but with it being so new I can overlook that not really an issue. They usually have plenty of staff at their other locations and I am sure it won't be an issue here wants they are off running.Over all great experience, as I am a fan of the other two locations I will definitely be a regular here!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,5/7/2014,144,217,,5,5>Have had great experiences with running analysis and getting fitted for running shoes at Fleet Feet.  I have purchased my last three pairs of running shoes at their store. Each time I have had very knowledgeable staff take quite a bit of time with me to go over my running style, how my foot strikes the ground, how my old shoes are wearing down, and what I require in a new pair of shoes. The staff will record your running on a treadmill or on the sidewalk to playback and analyze your running stride. After that we discussed comfort, stability, price ranges, and of course the shoe styles. I've never had to wait for assistance in their stores, and usually a person up front will greet me and then find staff to work with me throughout the visit. In addition to the expert shoe advice, the sales staff also suggest socks and other running equipment to help with soreness and foot discomfort. The one thing the sales staff can't help is that I will see a pair of shoes on the display wall that I absolutely love (style and color) and of course they are the wrong shoes for my particular feet. That makes me nuts, but I guess it's not all about looks and color, it's about fit and comfort. I also love that the store has a short little test track to run on, as well as suggesting that you go outside and run a bit on the sidewalk in front of the store. It really helps you to decide on which pair of shoes is the best for you. Just bought a pair of new shoes this weekend and Chris was a tremendous help, patient and professional guy. Have to say that there are many great Central Florida running stores, but this place made me feel the most comfortable about my physique and no sales pressure. Great approach!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/6/2014,87,87,2,6,4>It is absolutely no surprise to me that since the opening of it's brick and mortar location in August of last year, Smiling Bison has coveted awards such as Tasty Chomps "Top 30 meals of the year", winning dish at the Downtown Food and Wine Festival and Urban Spoon's "Top 100 new restaurants in America"!  Smiling Bison is all about showcasing as many local ingredients, local art and local bands as possible.  Don't go expecting any frills in the decorations, the inside is very spacious with a long bar, lots of tables and a slightly elevated stage all bathed in warm colors, dim lights and a low ceiling.  I have sat at both the bar and the table and the service is amazing no matter what.  The bartenders and servers know their selections inside and out and you will always see the head chef busy at work through the pass through into the kitchen. Drinks- They have 10 rotating craft beers on tap and a small list of bottles as well, all for a good price.  A nice touch is that their menus always list what is on rotation once the current keg is tapped!  Food-  Chef Oakley is always coming up with new and creative items to add to their menu based on what is in season.  The only downside to this is that your favorite dishes might only be available until the ingredients run out, but they seem to eventually make their way back on the menu.  The menu is broken up into bar snacks, salads, sandwiches, pizzas, small plates, entrees and a late night menu.  Some of my favorite dishes are the duck pizza (thin crust with garlic puree, duck confit, duck ham, duck sausage, monterey cheese and pea tendrils topped with a duck egg, which is perfect for dipping slices into), roast beef sandwich (the most tasty, rare beef on a soft pretzel roll with creamy cheese), the duck meatballs and the watermelon side salad (super refreshing chunks with fresh herbs).Be sure and check their website or facebook page for the calendar of events.  Right now they are only open for dinner hours and closed on Sundays and Mondays, but their site says they will be expanding to lunch time soon!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/5/2014,73,51,8,10,7>So walking into Oblivion, I felt a little awkward. Partly because my friends and I are on the preppy side and this place was like walking on the set of Sons of Anarchy. It was also just sort of an interesting ambiance (not really a bar but not really a restaurant) but the host was super nice, as was our server so that immediately put us at ease. First thing I noticed is that they serve Dupont Pommeau!! The only place I've seen this is the old Redlight Redlight and the new one doesn't carry it. It's a 17% cask aged cider and it's amazing. So, even if the food sucked I still would have been happy.. But the food did not suck. Exactly the opposite- this is top notch bar food. I had the pretzel burger that was served on the most perfect pretzel roll. It came with a side of beer cheese that I used to dip my old bay (old bay!!!) tater tots in. Even the ketchup was spiced up, not entirely sure what the flavor profile was but it was great. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu and drink that delicious cider!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/4/2014,9,51,2,7,4>We decided to try this place out since we were craving pasta, plus we love trying new restaurants close to home - and anywhere you can order online for pickup is basically our favorite. Overall we loved it & we'll definitely be back. Great food, awesome service, and a great price point. Plus, they offer 15% off for Disney cast members! Pros:- I love nothing more than seeing a manager on the floor helping their team!- Our to go order was ready & waiting for us as soon as we walked in the door- You can seriously customize your food in so many ways, in the store or ordering online- Japanese pan noodles were delicious, with just enough spiciness- Bf enjoyed his custom mac&cheese- Their desserts are great - really good snicker doodles & rice crispy treats that are made in house- Did I mention 15% off for Disney cast???- Not only do they have the Freestyle soda machines, but also really good iced tea options that taste like actual tea- The interior was much nicer than I was expecting from a 'quick service' restaurantCons:- Next time I'll skip adding shrimp to the pan noodles - the serving was big enough without, and they were kind of meh.- Bf said the thai soup was not very goodIt's always nice to see a new location open nearby & be running so smoothly already! I definitely recommend Noodles & Co, and as I said before, we'll be back for sure!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/3/2014,80,72,,6,3>I don't get out to experience the nightlife very often, so on the rare occasion that I do, I try to do something special and out of the ordinary.My two friends and I walked around for a little while trying to find it, but that was actually part of the fun.  Once we located the building, and finally the special door, we rang the bell and gave the secret password...it felt like something you might see in a movie.   Hanson's Shoe repair exceeded my expectations.  My two friends and I went on a Tuesday night, I didn't want my first visit here to be on a busy night, and there was a perfect amount and mix of people.  The bartender who let us in was very nice and showed us to a cozy table and suggested drinks for us.  We then watched him as he prepared our drinks with great care and expertise.  There is great attention to detail all over, the decor, the aroma, the list of cocktails, and the hardcover copy of The Wind in the Willows that our check was placed in.If you're looking for a special place to impress a first date, you can't go wrong here, it's guaranteed to impress...however I would suggest going on a Tuesday or Wednesday, the space is very small and I assume it fills up fast on the weekends.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/2/2014,23,286,,6,4>Great meal from front to back.  The Pig Butter is heavenly goodness that spaces you out proper.  mmmm, pork fat.We had the Salumi platter, meatball appetizer, and malfatti. There are five cured meats on the Salumi platter, and they all have a deliciously distinct flavor.  The platter is served with the Pig Butter, an apricot compote, pickled sweety drop miniature peppers, olives, and arugula salad with almonds.  The two gigantic meatballs are made with care and are worth the $10 price tag.The malfatti is delicious, and their blandness was a nice alternative to the pickled, tangy, and cured items on the table.For our entree we enjoyed a pizza; the crust is on the thinner side, crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  All this food and a bottle of table Chianti came to $75.00.  Service was perfect considering we were the only table in the place at 4:30 P.M. on a Saturday.  The servers were available, but not asking us every few minutes, "is everything all right?"We loved our first meal here, and we will definitely be back.We were told Wolfies' has been open for about a year now, and they have a new chef who started in Sept. 2013.  Nice work chef!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/1/2014,556,227,5,7,7>Talk about a strip mall surprise! This place looks straight-up WEIRD from the outside. Sea Thai is not the most inviting name I've heard and, when blasted on the front of a strip mall with red and blue block letters, it is sure to get passed by me every time. But it shouldn't. My roommate mentioned that it was pretty good, and when we had some friends in town, we decided to give it a whirl. Upon pulling up I noticed that what I thought were weird black out windows were in fact windows completely covered in award banners for all the local nods Sea Thai has gotten in recent years. OK... I guess I misjudged this place!I was surprised to enter and find a low-lit, dare I say, swanky, dining room with white tablecloths and comfy booths. We were seated at a larger table and, as I perused the HUGE menu, I realized this was probably going to be a great meal. Their selections range from the very traditional to the interesting and experimental. I've never been a huge curry fan, but it's something that I really WANT to like, so I continually order it in hopes I will be converted. I love duck, so when I saw a Duck and Pineapple Curry I knew I wanted to try it. I skimmed over the rest of the menu just to be sure, but there was no way I wasn't ordering a dish that interesting. Our food came out looking awesome all around. Servings are huge, and I will probably go for a split in the future unless I'm planning on a ton of leftovers. My curry was AMAZING!!! It was my first time trying a red curry, so that could just be my favorite kind, but I also think the credit goes to Sea Thai's preparation. The duck was cooked to a crispy perfection and blended perfectly with the creamy red curry, fresh pepper slices, and juicy hot pineapple chunks. What a unique flavor combination! Everyone around the table was left with a positive and tasty impression as well. I took home over half of my boat of curry, and it made for a delicious lunch the next day. I will definitely be back to try more of this menu soon!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,4/30/2014,62,481,2,9,2>Rialto has now become the restaurant this neighborhood needs. After a rocky first year, new management and chef have elevated this to an outstanding experience. This was always a beautiful space, far nicer than one expects in a small shopping center. Its versatile design lends itself to group meals, family outings, after work time at the bar, pleasant outdoor dining, and romantic dinners for two--quite an accomplishment all in one space.But now the food and service live up to the environment. New additions such as a cheese platter of mostly French cheeses and a chocolate creme brulee dessert add an international flair, and there are also American offerings such as a buffalo chicken flatbread. But the focus is still on Italian food, with a variety of pastas and classic Italian entrees. The freshly baked bread was top notch, and we particularly enjoyed the antipasto salad, a creative combination of greens, prosciutto and olives.The biggest improvement is the service. Our waiter, Anthony, was obviously very concerned that we have a great time, and we could see that to be the case with other tables and servers as well. The hands-on approach by management, who visited our table, is also a dramatic change. Clearly everyone is now onboard to turn this into a great restaurant, and we will happily return.It's nice to finally have a great Italian restaurant in our neighborhood.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/25/2013,166,217,4,8,5>Fresh seafood + southern hospitality for the win! Seriously, stop what you are doing and go eat here. Now. This long time hidden gem is one of the best seafood places in Central Florida. The restaurant is located a block off of 441 in the downtown Apopka area. Fyi, you would never notice it from the main road, so it's a hot spot for locals.Portions are huge! Seriously, come here hungry or be prepared to take home leftovers. They do serve your standard beers by the bottle and wine as well. How's the wait staff? Simply put- I love them. They are all charming and sweet as pie. They all seem to love their jobs and could not be any happier! First time going? Ask them what they recommend- they are never wrong.Pricing- great bang for your buck! Seriously, what you can get for your meal is ridiculous. Aside from the Catfish Joint over in the Conway area, I can't think of a single, inexpensive dining place for seafood. If you want some good old country cooking, this is the place to go! From the lunch menu, I get the grouper, blackened cajun style and it came with 2 hush puppies and your choice of 2 sides. I went with the hash browns and cheese grits. The meal was under $10 and I ended up taking half home because it was just too much food!  Other past faves include the catfish, fried scallops and the shrimp (huge by the way) If you feel like sharing, get the Seafood Platter. It has everything and well worth the price.Make sure you check in too- they offer a deal through Yelp :)
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/24/2013,72,131,,5,4>This place looks like a total dive from the outside but the inside is actually really nice. The décor looks like an old Vegas lounge. You can tell the owners put some thought into the place and didn't just throw everything together.TJ's is a nice alternative to the pretentious bars you'll find in other areas of Winter Park. There is always a nice mixture of people that run the gamut from young to old and the atmosphere is really relaxed. They usually have some kind of live music or trivia going on. The bar has it's regulars but the bartenders won't ignore you just because they've never seen you before. The service is good and the crowd is relaxed. It's a really good hidden gem if you can manage to get over the fact that it looks like a mechanic's shop from the outside!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/23/2013,103,66,2,3,3>My experience here was definitely an impressive one.  The owner is so knowledgeable and accommodating.  I learned quite a bit from the informative tour and really enjoyed sampling the different oils.  I love going to specialty stores, so Im pretty glad I found this place.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/22/2013,123,206,3,5,3>I have been here a couple of times. On our last visit we were here to celebrate our anniversary. We started our experience with cocktails. I particularly love the Cetriolo (cucumber organic vodka, agave nectar, lime, white cranberry, basil). It was very flavorful but not too sweet.On a previous visit we had the polenta which was magnificent.We shared the Heirloom tomato salad which was larger and more satisfying than I expected. We also enjoyed sharing the beef carpaccio which was perfectly topped with pecorino. Finally I ordered the New York strip. It was cooked to perfection and accompanied with almond pesto that was a yummy saltiness.As for seating, I would recommend reservations. The first time we came without reservations and were placed on the left side of the bar. It was awkward and the faux plants hanging on the wall kept getting in my hair. On our second visit we sat at the bar. It was a pleasant experience and we felt like we were well attended to. On our last visit we were seated at a hightop near the bar. Our server, Johnathon, was awesome. He was very friendly and extremely helpful whether it was food or whisky recommendations. My advice though is to request to not be seated near the bar from the hours of 5:00 PM to about 6:30 PM. Some very annoying and inconsiderate happy hour patrons were practically sitting on our table while we were trying to enjoy our meal (hello personal space???). Plus they were loud and obnoxious.One more note is that they have certain drinks they make in house. Ask your server about them.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/21/2013,498,694,,3,4>This is really a great place... I love the concept, marketing, decor and sandwiches.  I came here for lunch with a few coworkers today, and was fortunate enough to try a few different things.  We were greeted by the owner and manager upon arriving, as well as a few women taking orders behind the counter.  We explained it was our first time, and got a few suggestions.We had the Fig and Goat and the Buffalo Chicken for sandwiches and the truffle fries and mac and cheese for sides.  Honestly, everything was delicious.  I think I could even do the mac and cheese as a meal.The only reason they do not get 5 stars is because i think the price point for lunch is  a bit high.  I suggest doing some sort of combo that includes a side item, meal and drink for under $10.  Also, I suggested to one of the managers, they should offer a low-fat or fat free type of grilled sandwich alternative.I will be back soon, and looking for that low fat alternative!#Yelp100
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/20/2013,18,77,2,3,3>Swanky spot brought to you by the team behind Kres, CityFish and Hue...  (Urban Life Management).  I've eaten here once or twice before as I live downtown and it's a little out of the way from the CBD, however it's worth it.  Living in Thornton Park, it's probably not walkable so you'll have to go for a short drive, but we're talking 5 mins max....  Just got back from a wonderful dinner about 30 mins ago.  The staff is very good and we really loved our bartenders as well as our waiter, as usual.  Quite personable and chatty in a good way.  We sat outside which was really nice with nice low key chill music playing the background and a great breeze.  The food this round was OUTSTANDING!  Do not miss their short rib gnocchi...  it's devine and be ready for leftovers.  My staple here was the scallops, which come over a cucumber risotto - and these are also wonderful.  However, the short ribs just blew me away tonight and I want more already!!!  My other half got the special striped bass on a sweet pepper risotto, and that was also top notch.  Also, they have a nice wine list with some pretty odd finds, and it's not incredibly overpriced.  Valet parking is $5 but you can self park in the attached garage for free and ride the elevator back down to the 1st floor (entrance is on Park Lake St.).  Worth a nice meal out.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,4/19/2013,56,122,6,4,3>Warning: Ladies do NOT and I repeat DO NOT wear heels to this place. I made that tragedy of a mistake and I ended up face down on the floor.Now that the announcement has been made.....This is some of the best cheap Mexican food I have had! Most Mexican food is cheap but this one takes the cake. I decided to give this place a try after church one day. I should have left my heels in the car or put on some flats. The restaurant is inside a grocery store. The surface of the grocery store is fine. When I entered the restaurant it was made of tile (that wasn't the problem). The floor was uneven and had a dip or two in it. As I was walking to my seat my Louboutin didn't have enough leverage and down I went.....was I embarrassed? No. Even though the entire restaurant seen me, I was on the floor laughing. I got up laughing. I crawled to the table and took a look at the menu. Everything was so friggin cheap! I got a few tacos and had a bite of a burrito. I recommend the chorizo or carne tacos....They all are delicious! I loved the variety of sauces on the table. This place was awesome! I will be returning without heels or barefooted at the least to get to this yummy place!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/18/2013,163,386,,10,7>There are a number of things to love about Freshfields Farms. It's quite a visual delight when walking into the produce section; the colors of the fruits and vegetables just pop out at you. These aren't some wimpy displays. You will find a decent selection of fruits, vegetables, along with some dairy and various seasonings and such.This bounty provided by nature includes some local and some organic options. Each group of produce has a label stating its origin and if it's conventional or organic. While the selection is a big draw, a number of costumers come here for the prices.  There are some great deals to be had. I got a week worth of produce for $23. That includes a 5 lb. bag of local grapefruit!Once you've got your produce make sure you make your way over to the meat department. Each department at Freshfields has their own outside entrance.This area is not as large as the produce, so if you come here at prime times you will be weaving in and out of customers. There have been times when I've walked right back out because of the crowds; my fault for not planning better!  You will find a decent selection of meat and fish. They also have some cheeses as well. I've purchased some bacon here; it was delicious and some of the best I've had.I love shopping here, now if I could get my timing down a little better, so I can avoid all those other folks who love Freshfields Farm as much as I do.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,4/17/2013,106,267,,7,3>Finally made it to Chef Eddie's!! It had been in the works for a few months now. Every time I had a chance something would come up. Today the stars were aligned and I have arrived.I have been craving some good Chicken and Waffles. The menu has so many options of waffles. Apple Cinnamon, Big Berry Mix, etc. The list goes on. I picked the Banana Walnut Waffle and Chicken. Carol was my server for this morning and was the nicest lady in the world.Fried Chicken and Banana Nut Waffle. I took about twenty pictures. I wanted to capture all the goodies on the table. The Fried Chicken was amazing. Not greasy at all and the chicken just fell of the bone at every bite. YUM! Seasoned just right. The Banana Nut Waffle was perfect. Not too mushy and not dry at all. This combination was perfect.The portions at Chef Eddies are huge. While looking at other people's tables I could see that we ALL had our hands full with these plates.Locate on John Young Parkway and few blocks North of I-4.Carol, thank you so much for all your help today and your wonderful service. You are very sweet. Hope to see you soon.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/16/2013,138,169,1,8,5>I've been to RR's last location and their new location in Audubon Park.  I know some love the small cozy feeling of the old location, but I love the new open/warehouse feeling of the new location.     The bar = huge.  The beers = amazing.  The staff = great and knowledgeable.  Nothing worse than asking the tender what is "XYZ" beer and have them stare at you as if you're from another planet.  I get that enough already from the general population, no need for that at one of my favorite bars.  :)  The location is better for parking, although it can be tight as the night gets later.  The surrounding businesses don't seem to happy about it, but hey, they should embrace it!    No food is served at RR, if you're not familiar with them, just letting you know.  But, a sushi place two doors down will gladly take your order and deliver it!  Perfect!  I like the seating in the front, lower ceiling, more intimate for smaller groups.  Around the back side of the bar, tall warehouse ceiling, large screen showing some movie or tv and enough floor space so that you don't feel like you're shoved in a closet.  My only suggestion for RR is to add another body behind the bar.  On a typical steady night, two people can be overwhelmed.  Maybe they have 3 at times, but upon both of my visits, they only had two working back there.  The wait can be painful if its a little busy.  Other than that, love the place!  Which reminds me, I need to visit soon!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/24/2013,107,61,,8,7>We live down the street from Imperial in downtown Sanford.  As a local resident I was so pleased to see that Imperial had opened in little Historic Sanford on First St across the street from The Willow tree Cafe'.  The bartenders at Imperial are extremely friendly, helpful and  knowledgeable when it comes to explaining the menu items and ordering new drinks.  Of course it boasts the same beautiful lighting, furniture and craft beer/cocktails as the one in downtown Orlando, minus the high-brow crowd. Sanford's crowd is more laid back, warm, welcoming with a relaxing neighborhood feel of which I prefer. Those of you who never come this far, should give it a try for a change of pace. You will be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/23/2013,100,218,2,6,3>The Abbey is a nice venue.  There is a bit of a vampire bordello feel to it -- darkness, velvet curtains and a nice long hardwood bar -- that made me feel very comfortable.  The ambience is suited to both relaxation and conversation -- perfect for the business event that I attended there earlier this week.The space is divided into two areas - an upper area (including the bar and very limited seating) and a lower area that can be set up as a dance floor/mosh pit or with theater seating.  The lower area is wheel chair accessible.  I drop the Abbey a point because while it is a fun room, it does not rise to a level of elegance or poshness that would make it stand out for a really important event.  Also, we had technical difficulties (with the sound) for the event that I attended and that is not a good thing for any venue to experience.The bathrooms were clean.  Any venue that offers live music and clean bathrooms gains my appreciation.I would definitely consider holding a private event at the venue and I will not hesitate to return.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,6/22/2013,71,131,2,8,3>Got one of the amazon local deals for this place.  I made reservations for 9pm on a Friday night for a party of 3. Got there on time but no tables were open.  Decided to grab a beer at The Imperial while things slowed down at Wolfies.  Headed back an hour later and was seated right away.  The servers are very sweet and eager to please.  The restaurant is very cozy and dimly lit.  There is a very relaxed environment here which makes it easy to lose track of time and just want to stay a while (which I suspect is the reason why the tables were not clearing out as quick as anticipated).  My table had the salumi platter which was excellent.  The platter comes with cured meats, pickled veggies, olives and bread  They cure all their own meats!  We also had one of the specialty pizzas that has the dry salted beef and loved that too.  However, I did find the pizza was a little too heavily cheesed which made it not as crisp as I prefer.  The list of craft cocktails is impressive.  I ordered the gin joint and it was phenomenal!  Aside from the delicious pizzas, they offer salads, soup, pasta, panini and desserts.  This is a great place so please check it out.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,6/21/2013,323,572,1,7,3>I don't think this place gets as much attention as it should because of location. They are located on far end of Park Avenue closer to Rollins College. My husband have dined here a few times and have always had an excellent experience. On our most recent visit, we took advantage of the 3 course prix fixe menu for $15/person. The regular menu features both sushi and common Thai dishes. On this visit, we went with the gyoza and coconut shrimp appetizers. They came out beautiful on long and skinny plates like works of art. I didn't have the gyoza but can say that my husband enjoyed. The coconut shrimp was delicious when paired with the dipping sauce. Nice big pieces too. We both ordered pad Thai. My husband opted for tofu with his while I asked for chicken. Portions were huugge! And the nice thing was that they added some tofu on mine as well as the chicken which was pretty generous. And without an additional charge!  For dessert, I went with the crispy fried banana egg rolls and my husband ordered the coconut ice cream. I think they were gone in a span of 5 minutes!  Overall, our visit was top notch. We have had the same server both times we went and he is awesome. Food came out promptly, he was very attentive , always made sure glasses were refilled and checked on us regularly. And this even with us dining outside! I can't say enough great things about this place. I would recommend this place over another Thai place on the opposite end of Park Ave.....
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,6/20/2013,1381,1517,5,8,4>Not to be a drama queen, but this place literally changed my life.  It did.  Not because of the threading necessarily, but the eyebrow kit they sell with stencils here.Do you know how difficult it is for me not to tweeze in between visits?  It's super difficult, and most times when I do pluck, all noticeable shape of the brow is ruined.  You have no idea how much I struggle with brows.  Brows are everything to your look.  Seriously.  The eyebrows set the tone for the entire face.  And if you think I'm lying, notice someone that has sloppy brows.  Now to be fair, I know there are brow editing kits elsewhere.  I have dabbled with the Lorac kit, but the wax included did not really help me out.  I have used brow liners by Clinique, but I use it up so fast, so it's not really cost effective.But I was shown the kit here and I love it because it's easy, the stencil arches are natural and not as pointed as other stencils I have noticed. And no wax is needed, just mineral makeup for the finished look.This place is organized, and sure, I had to wait, but it is well worth the wait.  Thank God, the beauty goddesses have smiled on me and finally given me a solution to these gnarly, bushy brows!I'll try my best not to pluck in between visits, but I'm not making any promises!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/19/2013,25,66,2,4,3>You know that awkward moment when you step inside a restaurant you've never been before and you're not sure whether you're supposed to seat yourself or wait to be seated, luckily at Oh! Que Bueno, you don't have to deal with that.  Moments after walking in, despite there being no hostess stand, a young gentlemen showed us to a table and set us up with menus.  Quickly, our server got our drink order and asked if we had any questions about the menu.  Mike and I each ordered an entree and a mofongo to try.  Once they brought our food we realized we had enough to feed an army.  There entrees might be a little pricier than we anticipated, but we each ate a ton and still had enough for a second meal of left overs.  Mike ordered the bandeja paisa which amounted to a plate full of meat, rice and beans, avocado, and maduros.  I ordered bistec a caballo which was steak with a tomatoe and onion sauce, two fried eggs, yucca, potato, rice and beans.  Like I said, we had enough to feed an army.We both thought the steaks were cooked well, in the traditional Columbian way.  Our server was nice and even humored me as I busted out my college Spanish speaking skills.¡Que Bueno!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/18/2013,55,135,2,5,3>We went for their Tapas Tuesday special where select small plates and sangria are $4. Considering most of the plates offered on special were normally $6-8, it's a pretty good deal, and the selection is still quite substantial.The atmosphere is busy but still somewhat intimate in the dining area. It wasn't too crowded for 6:30 and it'd be great for larger groups (we were only a party of 4) - plus isn't group dining the point of tapas?So of course, you're going to order a bunch of items, and we went for a few veggies and a few meats. The roasted asparagus was wonderfully fresh, grilled just enough to give it a nice charred flavor without completely cooking it. Artichoke hearts were good, but the accompanying hearts of palm stole that show.The chorizo was pretty bland in the two dishes it was heavily featured in - the stuffed peppers and the 5-chorizo skillet. If you're looking for spice, this isn't the place. We had to get an actual ceviche dish to see if it lived up to the name and the tuna was wonderfully fresh, just enough seasoning that you could taste the lime but still also taste the fish.Chicken/ham croquettes were nothing special, would have paired them with another sauce besides the bechamel, which was a bit too sweet. The sauteed mushrooms had a wonderful garlic flavor, but I didn't catch the brandy or herbs. Fresh baked bread was provided (upon request after seeing it at another table) with an odd dipping sauce that was a cross between olive oil and herbs and a tapanede...flavor of the herbs but chunky like a tapanede minus the salt. Odd, but not bad. The babaganoush was nothing special, good but a bit light on the garlic.The star of the night, the thing I was anticipating the most and didn't even realize we got until we complained, was the chicken livers and mushrooms. I'm a fan of chicken livers, and the dish was listed as sauteed chicken livers, mushrooms and bacon. As our items came out (they come as they're prepped, so it's staggered) we noticed one odd tomato-based dish with mushrooms, onions, and delicious clumps of ground meat.We figured we got an incorrect dish as we were halfway through, but no one bothered to mention it because it was so delicious. The meat was rich and flavorful, seemed like it had been flash-fried because it was crispy on the outside even after sitting in a tomato sauce. At the end, we mentioned to the waiter we had not gotten the liver dish and he pushed an order through - when it was brought to the table my friends suddenly realized the winning dish of the night was indeed, liver. Tim, who was against it from the start, had just finished proclaiming that meat was the best thing he had all night. I call this a complete win, they had apparently mixed the bacon in with the livers to help offset the iron-flavor and it worked perfectly. If you hate liver, but love mushrooms, bacon and tomato, get this and you will like liver.Anyway, enough liver gushing, time to wrap this up. Service is okay, it's fast paced so you pretty much have to flag your waiter down for drink refills or anything. Don't bug them about not getting a dish until you're near the very end of your meal - things are served as they're prepped, so there's no telling if/when you'll get what you ordered. Do keep a mental note of what you order so you're definitely getting all you asked for.Prices are a bit high, but given the quality of the ingredients and location, it's not too horrible. Most plates (not on special) run about $8-12 and some do come in dinner portions, but sharing is just more fun.The full menu is available, too, so you can order some of their awesome desserts. The chocolate cake was rich and moist without being too dense and came with a delicious custard and raspberry swirl sauce. The creme brulee was a bit loose, but tasty although I didn't find it benefitted from the chocolate shell. Definitely a return trip for me and friends on another Tuesday!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/17/2013,78,166,,7,4>Downtown Orlando is a bit of a hike for me, so I really only head out that way for dinner if I have tickets to an event at the Bob Carr.  Looking to try something new, I turned to my trusted Yelp app and found this lovely little gem.We were warmly greeted at the door, and seated at a table for two in the small, but charming, dining room.  Our server was a man of few words, but efficient.  My husband ordered the Penne al Gorgonzola, I ordered the Penne alla Vodka with smoked salmon, and we shared the La Caprese appetizer.  After ordering, a basket was brought to our table with a loaf of warm, soft, perfectly baked Italian bread.  The caprese salad left a little to be desired, as both my husband and I reached for the salt shaker, but the main courses did not disappoint.  I was a little skeptical of the combination of penne alla vodka and smoked salmon; however, it was truly a perfect blend of flavors.  Oh, and in case you envisioned a decadent pasta topped with slices of lox (what I initially was expecting and a little hesitant about), fear not: it is a smoked salmon filet that has been flaked into the rich pasta dish.  My husband gobbled up every last bite of his pasta dish, and declared that this restaurant was an excellent find and a 'keeper' - especially for the value.  Other than the caprese, the only other critique that I had was that when I received my water refill - it was lukewarm (the first glass was ice cold!).All in all, this restaurant was a wonderful spot for a nice dinner date and we will be back.  Thank you to Yelp for the recommendation!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/16/2013,78,115,2,4,2>This place continues to woo me to return after each visit I make.  It's their consistency of quality food and culinary creativeness, but without being "out there" zany, that makes this place our stock go-to restaurant when you want to show off Orlando.   This past Saturday was no different.  First off, we ordered the crudités.Roasted Peaches over bibb (butter) lettuce with chèvre and toasted/candied pistachios.  The simplicity of the vinaigrette subtly applied to the super fresh (and I mean SUPER fresh) bibb lettuce was a balanced background of acid and herbs to the sweet of the peaches and the saltiness of the cheese.  The pistachios were ample enough to provide a counter texture to the softness of the other ingredients.   Well played!!!Heirloom Tomatoes with feta were delicious, as well.  The tomatoes alone could have been enough.  They were lush, meaty, flavorful, and at the perfection of ripeness.  Accompany this was baby greens, pickled cucumbers, and feta cheese and yet another winner. Entrees were cocoa rubbed ribeye, tile fish special, and the Dirty South.   The ribeye was perhaps one of the best I've ever had.  The rub was delicious, but not overbearing as it seemed to be balanced by the marble of the ribeye.  The grilling was perfect, as was the temperature.  Get this dish!I had the tile fish special, which was a perfect light choice for the evening.  The tile was flakey, buttery, and clearly fresh.  The accompaniment was a creamy grit base with chopped shrimp and a light lemon beurre blanc.  Get this dish!The third dish was the Dirty South, which is a constant on their menu.  I didn't try it because I'm not a fan of snapper, but the dish was ample with fish, clams, shrimp, and grits.  If these are your things, get this dish!Another note, The Rusty Spoon doesn't seem to follow a lazy trend in restaurant cheffery of using salt as a principle seasoning.  Yes salt has its place, but as with everything I ever have here, it serves as a supportive role, not the ruinous feature of the dish.  This place is 4.5 stars to 4.75 stars.  I will always be back.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,6/15/2013,62,481,1,4,4>I like Ethiopian food. It's healthful, varied, and just different enough that it's a fun break from other ethnic cuisines. If you haven't had it before, be forewarned that no utensils are involved. Instead is is served with thin "bread" that is really  a pancake or crepe. You tear off pieces and use it to scoop up the various foods.Although I've had Ethiopian food a few times before, it was better at Nile than previous places I've been. The flavors and textures and levels of spiciness are nicely varied if you select one of the combos for two. We had the chef's special, which included both vegetarian and non-vegetarian items. We also had an appetizer assortment, and I liked those three items even better: triangular stuffed pastry, chopped tomato salad, and a lentil puree.Service was friendly, and the owner, who was relaxing on the front porch, thanked us for our business when we left. A nice, exotic member of Orlando's ethnic dining scene.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,4/14/2010,210,167,,5,6>Yum. For someone like me, The Virgin Olive Market is splendid. The tuna sandwich is the best in town. They serve organic everything and that is so hard to find in Orlando. I love it and plan to go back as much as possible.2 green thumbs up!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/13/2010,320,258,1,7,4>This place is awesome! When I first walked in I absolutely fell in love with the environment. It's full of antiques and yet has a really relaxing and cozy feeling to it. I went for breakfast and enjoyed the provolone, bacon, and onion omelet - holy crap it was so good. Not only was there provolone in the omelet, but they put slivers on top it of it too. I had their home fries on the side which was a delicious sweet potato and white potato mixed with onions. It was absolutely delightful!I got their vanilla latte as well - which was just the right amount of foam and sweetner in one. We had a great waitress. She let us have our space to eat and chat, but was attentive if we needed anything additional. I can't wait to come back and check out their lunch/dinner menu!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,4/12/2010,115,187,3,7,4>I had the best Steak Teriyaki I have ever had!Everyone I was dining with was extremely impressed.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Service was exceptional.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,4/11/2010,243,268,3,5,4>Went for Christmas dinner and had a good time. Everything was delicious, as usual and service has improved greatly. Loves it.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,4/10/2010,33,41,,7,3>The Social Chameleon is the type of place I love to go on a Friday or Saturday night. They have a huge, varied selection of wine and beer and a tapas style menu - plenty of stuff to share, and share you should.The flavors here range from Middle Eastern to Mediterranean and they blend well together. From hummus, to baba ganoush, to flatbread and flatbread-style pizzas. Urban Flats, this is not; Social Chameleon takes these dishes to another level with plenty of strong flavors and spices to keep things interesting.Every dish I tried was flavorful, but my favorite was the "Tour of India" plate. I thought it went particularly well with a pale ale. I'm partial to Sierra Nevada, but it seemed like they must have had at least 50 beers to choose from.There's both indoor and outdoor seating and the look inside and out is eclectic. The outdoor seating was especially cool; there's a bit more elbow room and some funky umbrellas hanging overhead. The extra shade would make for a great spot to chill during summer.I strongly recommend trying this place. Bring a friend, or 3. A party larger than 4 probably isn't a good idea judging by the size of the place. Feel free to call ahead as it can get packed, but from my experience the staff is very friendly and accommodating.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,4/9/2010,108,427,4,5,4>My new favorite place!!! Ok, so about a month ago we almost came here, but than read the menu, kind of all over the place, and I became wary, perhaps "jack of all tradees master of none"? Fast forward to tonight, we are going to take my mother out, and we keep going through the old standbys, and just want something new. And we want to conserve the funds a bit. And not go to TGIFridays. Somehow this place popped back into my head, and we figured, lets go for it. I am so glad we did.When we entered (about 8:30pm on a Sunday) the place was pretty packed, but we were ushered to a table right away. The server (John Ryan) explained the menu to us.  And we sat and looked around the place. The artwork is eclectic and EVERYWHERE. There were several artists working. It is really a unique and beautiful space. We ordered the followingHummus; Nothing spectacular, but fresh and tasty, and had excellent seeded crackers with itBangBang Shrimp; Where have these been all my life. OMG. So good. And the sauce they put on them. It would make a piece of plywood tasty. I feared ordering these initially,as we have had several incidents with not-so-fresh shrimp, but these were fresh, and clean (yes I do occaisonally peel off the breading and check)Pizza: I love Pizza, Pizza loves me, and this Pizza was one of the best I have had, simple, flavorful, and a nice sized portion.I will take a second to point out, that while these are tapas style small plates, each dish was enough to give 3 people a decent tasting.Cuban Steak Skewers: The most tender flavorful meat! So good, and an excellent mild sauce. The fried potato cake that accompanied it was also very good, and nice spiced.Tenderloin Skewers: these were also good, came with a potato, and a gorgonzola sauce, which I didn't eat because I am an overall cheese hater.We also shared the cookies and ice cream dessert, which was perfectly portioned for 3, with chocolate chip cookies, and ice cream/hot fudge.JohnRyan was an excellent server, seemed genuinely nice (not fake nice, obsequious like many) and refilled my water at least 5 times. I really cannot say enough good about this place. The atmosphere was great (though I do not reccomend it for babies/toddlers as it is pretty loud, older kids will probably like it though, with all the bright artwork to look at) loved the Flamenco dancing We will definitely be back, SOON!!!(pricetag for everything $52)
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,4/8/2010,293,472,3,10,8>SWEET PEPPERS!I've eaten at both of the famous cheesesteak places in Philadelphia, Briantos is much better.  The others don't fill up their sandwiches with meat and cheese but Briantos does! It was so full that everytime I took a bite, meat and Cheese Whiz would fall out. They also have Provolone, Mozarella and American cheese if you don't have the guts to go for the Cheese Whiz.They have 3 size sandwiches 6", 12" and 18"!!!!There is a wall of fame for people who have eaten the 18" sub with all the toppings, one guy on there has eaten 10 OF THEM!!Briantos has the sweet peppers I've been looking for, most of their ingredients and items come from Philadelphia, including the Amarosa Bread and Herrs Potato chips. The sweet peppers are a brand from Philadelphia that are green bell peppers cooked in a sweet brine.They serve sweet tea and all the standard sodas on the fountain, they also have bottled drinks, not sure if the ones they have are Philadelphia brand drinks but I imagine they are.And the Icing on the cake is they have TastyKakes for dessert :)Hopefully they will open a location more in town so everyone can enjoy it, I always feel weird eating in the shadow of a power plant smokestack.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,4/7/2010,631,1145,6,8,6>We chose Everglades as the place to celebrate our anniversary. We've been here a few times before and haven't been let down. Of course it helped that I had a $25 certificate from Restaurant.com! Everglades is located in the Rosen Centre Hotel right in the heart of tourist central- International Drive. I love the huge mural featuring Florida wildlife (OK, it's a little corny but I'm a sucker for animals) and big saltwater fish tank at the entrance. For apps we split the Florida Rock Shrimp risotto which was divine. For main course I was torn between the Halibut or my old standby, the Buffalo with truffle mashed potatoes. I ended up getting the buffalo which is amazingly tender. The sauce, although good, was a little overpowering. For dessert I had the pecan tuile which was layered with cream and berries. It was delicious. I sampled the flourless chocolate cake which was extremely rich but also very good. I left absolutely stuffed and even had half my entree to take home! The restaurant is always pretty empty so they must survive on hotel guests and conference attendees. Service is good but could be better. At a place like this you don't expect to have an empty wine glass (we did) but the water was kept filled, and food came out promptly and correct so I'm not going to complain. Overall another great experience.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,4/5/2010,106,22,7,5,4>Wazzabi? Yes Please!My only disappointment? That'd be that my date chose most of our selections...all that I'm not fond of anywhere. But on that note the ones that I actually ordered on my own accord were my fav so far in Orlando! I ordered the ALBACORE ALMOND ROLL which was topped with seared albacore, almonds and what else but Eel sauce!, and was simply phenomenal the way the flavors played off of each other. The edamame was perfectly seasoned, and the tuna kobachi was surprisingly fresh and mildly spiced. It even turned a 'never before' kobachi eater into a rather obsessed fanatic. Two glasses of sweet Riesling, 2 orders of sake, Rainbow roll and a Spicy Tuna roll is about all we could handle! While I usually avoid most spicy rolls and the Rainbow at all cost, I mean it has no eel and no flair so really why bother in my opinion, but I can at least appreciate their freshness at Wazzabi!Kickers: Super fresh, modern atmosphere, trendy and big portions.Fails: Tad pricey but overall worth itDiamondism: Perfect date place with some phenom-sushi!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2009,4/4/2010,171,134,3,5,5>This is where the old Back Booth was located, and even earlier when it was Java Jabbers, it's always been a neat little hangout - emphasis on little. It's very tiny, but still manages to be comfortable for the most part. Great beer selection and friendly staff.  Go on a weekday in the late afternoon - although it isn't crawling with the usual drunk college kid crowd you used to find at, say, Liquid Cellar (ugh), it's simply better to go when there are less students out and about. If you do go at night, the music is really not bad at all, but be prepared to be crowded.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,9/26/2013,221,378,6,4,4>Great for the kiddies! Tons of animals!  Milk a cow! Chase a chicken! Abuse the ducks(they seemed terrified). Go on a hay ride! Get your eyes pecked out by a giant ostrich(I swear it wanted to)!  They have it all! This place is PRICELESS for kids 3-10 years old, or about 14 bucks.....so...yea.It was Easter weekend so they had a free egg hunt. They also had a hula hoop contest and my niece won....because she is better than your kid. It's ok, these things happen.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/25/2013,59,287,3,7,6>This place evades the internet, but not your mailbox. If you live within a few miles, you probably get their ad once a week. Check out those fucking prices. Ten limes for a buck. Fifty cents a pound for sweet potatoes. Three cans of tomato paste for a dollar. Cheap as hell. Whether it's the best quality is beyond question; it's not. But really, the quality isn't that bad. Only problem I've had so far is a single rotten avocado.I also think it's pretty cool that all the produce has its place of origin labeled. Other matters of interest... I saw $2.50 lunches advertised. That's impressive. There was a ventriloquist outside. Try spelling that, much less being one, much less being one outside a supermarket on Semoran on an Orlando weekday in August. And also, a point for character. This place has it in spades. It's a far cry from the sterile, George Zimmermanism of Pubelix. Overall, a fantastic place to get some decent groceries.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/24/2013,122,205,4,7,6>I love this place.  If you LOVE crispy wings as much as I do, you'll absolutely devour their Oblivion Wings.  They are tossed in a bbq dry rub and are the most crispy wings I have ever had in my entire life.Their tater tots are also delicious and another go-to menu item for me.  You can select from an array of seasonings that they can be tossed in.  The Chive and Onion is a good one and also the cajun.They have a WONDERFUL beer selection that changes often.  Lots of options on tap and tons in bottle.Bruno creates weekly specials if you're looking for something different and he always delivers.  I wish I frequented this place more often.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/22/2013,163,386,2,7,6>Wow, I'm in love!  Ever since I first bit into the slice of Sister Honey's German Chocolate cake I knew I had a slice of heaven!This unassuming bakery located in a strip mall at Orange & Michigan is home to award winning baked goods. You'll find a number of Blue Medals showcased in the bakery.  I felt like a little kid walking into the bakery. Everything looked delicious, but when I spotted that cake I knew what I was getting. German Chocolate Cake is my favorite, but my kids don't like it. I'm not about to eat a whole cake by myself, so I've been deprived for quite some time. This cake was moist and the coconut frosting was perfect! I thought that I was just going to treat myself, but I wondered what about the kids? Why not treat them to some goodies too. There was one condition, and that was mom got to sample as well.I picked up my daughters a couple of Oreo cupcakes, delicious!  These were some of the best cupcakes I've had. The cake was moist and the frosting melted in your mouth. My son isn't into sweets, but he'll have some pie every once in a while. I debated on what pie to get him and ended up with a slice of Black Cherry. The crust was buttery, and the fillings divine!  I don't even want to know how many calories are hiding in there. I'm glad I listened to my friends. They were raving about Sister Honey's.  This local bakery baked up some love for me. With goodies baked from scratch daily I can't wait till I bop in again and treat myself to some Sister Honey's baked delights!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/21/2013,107,61,4,6,6>I was raised skating on this rink and it has been immaculately maintained over the years. I'm pretty sure it's older than I am, but you would never know. The wood floor is incredible and everything looks exactly the same as it did when I was a kid. Their calendar is full of different events ranging from beginners to advanced skaters. They even have a skating school for those who are interested in learning different skating styles. Personally my favorite night is Sunday because it's adult night and you don't have to worry about accidentally plowing over small children. The crowd does move fast but most of the skaters are so good that they can wiz by those who are a little more shaky without a problem. There is a smaller beginners rink  for all you newbies who aren't ready to take on the main skating floor. The facility has a full snack bar,  free WiFi, video games and a  pro skate shop located inside. Semoran Skateway is by far one of the most beautifully maintained rinks around. The owners are big greyhound rescue advocates so from time to time they will hold special events to raise money to support greyhound rescue. I can appreciate this since I'm a dog lover and have rescued a few myself.  Semoran is home to the Orlando Psycho City Derby Girls.  If you have never been to a roller derby bout then it's something that you should attend at least once orlandoderbygirls.com/ho… Semoran is  fun to keep it in mind for birthday or corporate parties too! (Jam on it) Jam on itI said jam-j-j-jam on itI said Jam On is the funky beat that takes controlWith a sure shot boogie that'll rock your soul(Jam on it) Jam on itI said jam-j-j-jam on itGet outta your seat and jam to the beatAnd don't you dare stop till early mornin'Jam on it, jam on it, jam on it, jam on it, jam on it, jam on it, jam on it, jam on it
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,9/20/2013,14,120,,4,4>Very similar to the Tenampa in Kissimmee, but a bit different. First, order yourself one of their fresh juices.  They are very well made and delicious.  Worth a few extra bucks.Service was friendly and quick.  Prices are very reasonable.  You can get a few tacos for under 5$.  On this trip, I ordered the Pescado Mexicana.  Some complimentary chips and salsa came out and it was nice and tasty.  The Pescado (fish) was served in a foil pouch with tomatoes, onions and jalapenos.  The fish was perfect.  Flaky, moist and flavorful.  It was served with some tomato, avocado and rice which were a very nice accompaniment.Overall a great spot for lunch/dinner.  I'm definitely going to stop in here often.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,9/19/2013,100,95,2,7,1>I've been here twice - both to see comedian Jo Koy.  He was hysterical and it was a great venue.It's a little tight on space - but it also gives you an intimate feeling.  I think that makes really funny people even better when you are just so close.The Improv is a bit expensive.  Expect to pay tourist prices for food and drinks.  Both times, I've ended up with a bottle of wine because it was cheaper than any other drinks on the menu.The food itself, is surprisingly good.The theater is actually attached to a restaurant - so it can get confusing on where to actually go for the show.  And it's curious if people go there just for the restaurant.  First time I had some chicken fingers. Those were good as I can remember.  This last time I had the chicken quesadilla and it was really good.The only downfall the second time is that our food took FOREVER to come out.  So long, in fact, they gave us vouchers for a free show.  I like to be done eating before the comedy starts - that didn't happen and I feel like I couldn't focus on the show..or the food!I didn't really know what to expect going into this place as it was a last minute decision. It is so nice and upscale, a pretty dinner theater. It was a bit offsetting that you purchase tickets at the ticket booth then have to enter through a restaurant but I guess they are one in the same. I assume the food and drinks they serve come from the restaurant. The meet and greet afterwards was also held in the restaurant. So, a little confusing.I like to try and go with at least four people - that way you will sit together.  If it's just two of you, you'll be stuck with strangers at your table which I find weird in this setting.  Mostly because you don't have time to really talk at all and then this comedy show starts.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,9/18/2013,34,214,2,3,2>A very strong 4!!! The atmosphere was awesome,.. the managers and servers are trying hard to please.  The Craft Beer list is quite impressive and a full liquor bar too !!! We were able to try the pizza, I really liked it,.. hubby the pizza snob, said there is room for improvement.We hit this place during the soft opening so it was not very crowded,... Overall,.. this is a place that we will be back at without question.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,9/17/2013,363,344,,6,5>$8.95 for appetizer, soda and lunch? Now THAT is a lunch special!  My most memorable time there however was not lunch, but a dinner with my girlfriend.  We decided  try some Chicha Morada which is a purple corn drink.  It didn't taste bad but I would definitely consider it an acquired taste.  For dinner I ordered the Churrasco A La Pobre which is Angus skirt steak fries, sweet plantains, white rice and an egg. Delicious!  The rice and steak not over or undercooked and the sweet plantains absolutely delicious.  Our waitress was both knowledgeable and friendly.  To top it off the restaurant manager made sure we enjoyed our dinner and gave me his card wishing us safe travels and safe return.  Overall a 5 star experience. Another Hunter's Creek MUST!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,9/16/2013,77,335,,4,3>My coworker told me about this vegan/vegetarian Indian restaurant operation out of a Shell Gas Station so I was curious.  Having eaten in many a fabulous hole in the wall joint in Queens I felt brave enough to try it.  You have to watch Facebook to see what the menu of the day is and then order by 9:00ish in the a.m.  You can pick up your food or they will deliver and they accept cash, checks, and credit cards.  It appears they prepare the food elsewhere and then bring it to the gas station store since the place appears too small to have a kitchen.  We decided to order and try it out.  I sent an email at 9:20 and got a response right away that the order was received and would be delivered at 12:30.  Yey! The food was delivered right on time.  We had lemon basmati rice, matar paneer, lentil soup, pooris (puffed wheat bread), and jalebi (golden pretzels) all for $5.99.  You can't brat the price and speedy delivery.  The meal was excellent.  The rice was very flavorful and an adequate portion for the rest of the meal.  I'm a fan of matar paneer and this was pretty dang tasty.  Indian food from a gas station?  Now I say "Oh hells yeah!"
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,1/3/2013,1136,916,2,5,5>Second time at the Orlando Improve but last time I attended an event here it was located in church street about 4 years ago and I got to see Gabriel Iglesias this time it was Shawn and Marlon Wayans (Wayans brothers) amazing experience getting to see this two funny dude that I have been watching on TV for years. The place moved from Church street to Point Orlando since last time I came here so It was a bit hard to find since I had no Idea it was in Point Orlando,anyway the place it self is up stairs next to the movie theater.The improve it self is not very big and has table that sit four per person so if you go by your self or with another person most likely you will have to sit with another couple of group of people, no problem with me because the ones we sat with were pretty nice and had previously  gone there plenty of times. They offer food and drinks including alcoholic drinks, they have appetizers and salads and your main dish and even desserts. The food is nothing fancy...salads, fried shrimp, mac and cheese or french fries. To drink you can pay $7.99 and get UNLIMITED soft drinks (Pepsi items only sorry) and you get to take home a souvenir glass cup witch is a bit expensive for 8 bucks but it is unlimited refills. The food it self was not the best but for $6.00 bucks my salad was pretty big and the person I went with order there Quesadillas from there appetizer section and they were not to bad either, we both ate with drinks (two soft drinks) and tip was included for $44.00 bucks a bit expensive but that is what I was expecting from a comedy club. The service was not bad and the waiter refilled our drinks plenty of times and took care of us even though at times he disappeared for a while and the food took a while to come out specially when I ordered a salad, I mean what they do go out back and get the salad head from the ground? but over all it was a good experience, I would rate this place four stars because the service was not to bad and the food was okay, also the comedians they offer here are some of the best I mean come on it is the Wayans brothers but the price to see them was worth it specially since we had front row seats right by the stage so we got piked on a few times but not as much as the couple in our table. Well worth the money and if you pay $10 bucks more you get VIP and get to meet and take pictures with the Wayans brothers...Shawn and Marlon. Definitely coming back specially since I checked in with Four Square and got free passes for a non engagement event to come back for free but I will come back to see other comedians even if I have to pay .
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,1/2/2013,53,103,3,6,7>Fabulous and inexpensive selection of craft brews that are constantly rotating, including something like 4 Nitro taps. (go during happy hour, 4-7p!  It's normally like $3 a pint.. crazy!)  If hard ciders are more your deal, they have an impressive selection of bottled ciders.And then there's the food... they've got Chef Goody putting his own twist on classic pub food.  I've been told he has total creative control over the menu, and there are always seasonal or holiday based specials going on.  The pretzel burger is my favorite, hands down.  Burger on a pretzel bun with hand made mustard and cheese to DIP it in?  Yes please!The vibe is distinctly rockabilly-- it's dark but comfortable and inviting.  There are dart boards and a pool table for people who just want to have a pint and hang out.  Don't let the seedy stretch of SR-50 fool you, this place isn't one to be missed.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,1/1/2013,1539,171,,10,5>This is located on the corner of 192 (Irlo Bronson) and 535 (Vineland Rd.).  It is a little hard to find because It is a little place, maybe 20 tables, and it is located in a strip center.  Trust me, It is worth the hunt.  The food is good, and the staff have always been friendly and attentive.  I love to stop by and get a gyros for lunch ($6).  Dinner is even better.  Our favorite appetizer is just called cheese.  The word alone doesn't do it justice.  It is a combination of Bulgarian feta, nabulsia, syrfan, and  yachekamal.  It is happiness in your mouth!   Haven't heard of some of them?  It's all good.  Did I mention that this place is family owned? They also own the Mediterranean market next door where they sell all the cheeses.  The bread you get with olive oil after you are seated is great.  The kabobs are very good, served with a yummy rice and med salad. The beef and chicken Shawerma are tender and delicious and served with the same sides.  Every entree I have had was good.  Here is the kicker. The baklava can be ordered with your choice of walnuts, cashews or pistachios in a tasty honey mixture.  It's a buck something a piece!!!!  Homemade goodness! You can taste the freshness in all the ingredients they use.  The decor is kind of eclectic, but it is cool.  The is about a four foot section of wall covered with all different denominations of middle eastern currency.  Outdoor seating is also available.  Great for lunch...all sandwiches are 6 bucks, and even better for dinner.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,12/31/2012,469,289,2,6,4>My applause goes out here. I enjoy that Big wheel uses quality local ingredients with a creative touch.Service was delightful and quick. We ordered 3 items. Big Wheel Spicy Deviled Eggs, Vanderbilt Brussels, and Titusville Lump Crab Stuffed Florida Avocado with Japanese Sticky Rice. My husband and I split the 3 choices between ourselves.First up Big Wheel Spicy Deviled Eggs. My score 4.5, These were delicious, the hint of sriracha, the herbiness of the chive and the smokiness of the bacon made for a quick burst of flavor which was combinationally superb. Not my favorite deviled egg ever, although my favorite is an old southern family secret recipe I am not privy to, but that is another story. The deviled eggs were also a good amount to split between two people, I'm very fond of this because I like to try many things without getting too full on just one plate. The Vanderbilt Brussels. My score of 5, Popped with amazing serious flavors. I would dare anyone to say they hate brussel sprouts after eating these. A nice crispness of the sprouts held up to the flavors. The honey and sriracha balance made it not too spicy and the soy added earthy saltiness, the nut like sesame flavor was also present and the lime provided some tang. These tasted very hearty. This is also a very large serving. Can I just get a half order? With the two of us we couldn't finish the whole dish. Our favorite was the Titusville Lump Crab Stuffed Florida Avocado with Japanese Sticky Rice. My score 5, We also added the Pork belly to it which elevated this dish to an almost fun play on avocado surf and turf. The way the pork belly was cooked worked well for the dish. It didn't over power the crab. They played well together like two great buddies hanging out. The sticky rice was cooked perfectly, and the Momofuku Vinaigrette is Momofuking awesome. Bright bursting flavors and something I wouldn't mind having again and again and again. One tiny nitpick that doesn't change the scoring at all. I hate plastic wear, obviously this is a food truck, and that's just part of the deal and as perfectly ripe as the avocado was we had issues with the plastic wear. I would have loved to have had a real knife just to go around the edges of the avocado so that pecking with the plastic wear wasn't such an issue.We shared this and we were like two vultures pecking away, pushing and shoving each other around. This is a large enough dish to be shared between two people, however it's so good you may just want one for yourself. I did like the ironing board sets up as standing tables. Great re-purpose and it gives people a great surface to eat off and stops people from getting comfy in chairs and not leaving to give others a chance to eat. Now if only I could get someone to deliver the Lump Crab stuffed Avocado dish to my office sometime next week. Or maybe try one of those tongue tacos. I am intrigued.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,12/30/2012,85,232,4,4,4>Entered thru the front door of Yellow Dog Eats yesterday for just a lite bite. Ordered their FIRE PIG  wrap, split for two. Reasonable wait, based on the busy  dining area  that is in it's self, can be  a lot of the entertainment to the busy-minded. Some of the wines they have for sale have the most offbeat "edgy" names, so that kept my simple mind  occupied  for the duration. You may too find their hippy-ish eclectic decor a treat or you may find obnoxious. I love it cause it reminds me of days long gone. Can't imagine the sane still being "stuck" there. Hey its fun though! Who didn't love Peace, Harmony and Rachel anyway?The Fire Pig is a damn good pulled pork  wrap! Love the smoked BBQish flavor of the pork along with this seriously intense bacon bits and their meager pat of coleslaw.   As for the fire part- their hot sauce, I'm happy I asked for on the side. I like some heat-spicy, but when its too much, this whimp gets the hiccups. Seriously  bad sometimes. So for me, I prefer the wrap naked w/o the sauce, whether famous or not (I think the sell it bottled) I didn't care for it. Anything reeking of horseradish is offensive to my palate. My dining mate didn't pick up on this flavoring so - well there it is. Served with a small bag of chips. There must have been a charge for the split cause the bill was $12.73. That is pretty  steep w/o drinks or a kiss or love bead bracelet. At least the food delivered the "goods" and the atmosphere packaged the deal.Try this place out- Our wrappie was good and you'll love this uniquely simmered in hippie style Orlando gem of a resturant!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,12/28/2012,35,131,,4,1>*CASH ONLY* No visible ATMs nearby, bring your cash money.I'd rate the texture between sno-cone and snowball - closer to a snowball - that's much more pleasant to eat than crunching away on full sno-cone ice chunks. Very easy on the mouth and refreshing.Lots of syrup flavors to choose from, with different toppings to create anything from sugar free to a creamy milky decadent treat. There's sure to be a flavor or combo that will make you smile.The renovation gave them a nice face lift, the new orange sign is much easier to spot - they're in a small strip mall. It's still a "hole in the wall" with a window to order through, it's awkward having no place to go when there are lots of people, we just sat in our car. Prices have also changed if you haven't been in a while, up about $.50 across the board. A medium 16oz, tax included, is $2.50 as of 10/14/2012.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,12/27/2012,71,103,2,4,3>This place is pretty awesome. For a business located in Park Ave, it really is a classy joint to just sit or stand with friends drinking/tasting new wines. Food selection isn't too bad and the staff has always been friendly. Keep in mind you're tab can skyrocket if you aren't too careful with all the delicious wine selections! For those who are wanting to experiement with new flavors or kinds of wine I highly recommend giving this place a go!The whole Park Ave area is definitely great and this place makes it that much more. They have wine selections priced anywhere from $1 a sampling to $30 or even higher! You do need to purchse one of their cards so don't lose it as it costs ~$3 per card! Sometimes they run groupons for this place and those are definitely the times to cash and give this place a go!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/26/2012,41,386,,3,2>I truly love bread that is full of flavor and baked to perfection and this place truly satisfies my addition.  Today they had live music as they do each Saturday and what a wonderful setting to sit, relax in their outdoor seating area and listen to some great music while enjoying some awesome food.  The cakes and cookies, well they're beyond words as theirs something there for every craving.  The German Rye has such a hardy flavor and is perfect for any sandwich you're looking to enhance.  They'll slice any of the breads you purchase and today found us leaving with four loaves of different flavors to enjoy.  I don't purchase any bread at the grocery stores as bake it myself but I'll tell you this is my #1 and only bakery in Central FL where I'll buy bread to take home.  I was thrilled to learn they have a location in Orlando that has opened up while we've been gone from the area and we'll be checking that out soon.  If you want great bread in this area I highly recommend Yalaha Bakery!  Why would I know anything about bread and bake goods?  Well, before moving back to Central Florida I use to be the GM of a Boudin Bakery location in San Francisco, home of the famous San Francisco Sourdough Bread so I might just know something about breads.  :-)   Bon Appétit my friends!PS  Next time we're riding the bike here as it's a haven for motorcycles on the weekend.  Don't worry if you don't ride, it's not the rough and rowdy types but those that enjoy life and are good down to earth folks.  Plenty of parking no matter what you ride or drive.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,12/25/2012,23,72,2,4,3>I am not an "arteest" but I had a lot of fun on date night with the girlfriend.  Perfectly located on Fairbanks near Park Avenue, this is a great date night thing to do if you want to do something a little different and actually not terribly expensive.  Figure out what it costs for dinner out, movie, popcorn soda etc., and I bet this comes in super close, if not less expensive.The place is clean and the staff couldn't be any nicer... I mean they were very encouraging to a guy doesn't have a single creative bone in my body.  We sat there and painted our pieces with stencils, stamps, sponges, paints and all kinds of things for nearly 3 hours?  We got there kinda early and it wasn't crowded, but by the time we left, it felt like the place was nearly full.  Lot's of fun with a movie going on in the background and it's kid, food and beverage friendly.  Next time we go, we'll definitely bring a bottle of wine and maybe some cheese and crackers... although I suspect the paint from my fingers might get all over the cheese and such, as I think I had more paint on my hands and their table then on my piece.So check it out... Something different to do and I'm sure we'll do it again... because its fun, they're nice and I got some quality time with my girlfriend.Someone said "A great artist can paint a great picture on a small canvas." I'm clearly not a great "arteest"P.S. Don't expect to walk away with your finished product the night ou go, it takes a week for them to fire it in the kiln, but then they'll hold it for a month before it makes it's way to the dumpster.P.S.S. My girlfriend is so excited to get her piece, I have a feeling we'll be waiting in line like one does for an iphone on the day her piece will be ready.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/24/2012,9,51,,8,6>We decided it was time for another lunch adventure thanks to Yelp today. We were headed to this part of town for some errands, and the reviews led us to King O Falafel. My bf was weary, but I assured him that it would be fine, Yelp hasn't let us down yet. It certainly didn't let us down this time!We got a small hummus to start. For only $2.99, it was a pretty big portion with plenty of pita bread (which was nice and warm). It was some of the creamiest hummus I've ever had, very yummy. Our waiter also brought us out another pita when we ran out of bread before hummus, which was really thoughtful and not something that usually happens.I had the gyro, and it was so good. Definitely one of the best gyros I've had in the area, especially for the price - only $5.49. The meat was really tender and flavorful and had that nice crust on the edges, and the jerusalem salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, parsley) was a nice change from gyros smothered in lettuce. The tatziki sauce was really great, too.My boyfriend had the falafel sandwich, though he'd never had falafel before. He really enjoyed it, and the few bites I had were pretty tasty. Not as crunchy as some falafel I've had (though that's not necessarily a bad thing - I've had some painfully crunchy falafel before too). Not as flavorful as the gyro, but he said it was "light, but still filling." I believe it was around $5.We finished our meal with a (admittedly small) piece of baklava. Like, 4 bites small. It was really yummy, and I don't think it needed to be huge, it was just smaller than I guess I'm used to. They're not tricking you with a giant fake slice on display or anything - you can see the trays of it when you order - and it's definitely an acceptable portion for only $1.75. Just thought it was worth mentioning! What I'm really saying here is next time we'll get two slices, haha.Don't expect a fancy atmosphere - it does indeed still pretty much look exactly like Quiznos inside. I don't think that takes away from the food or service at all, though.All together, with drinks, our meal came out to less than $19 with an appetizer and dessert. Pretty awesome for such yummy, quick food, and such friendly service, especially so close to Disney. I've said this in other reviews, but it definitely needs said again here - it's really nice to find small, family run, awesome restaurants like this that are doing well and seem to be appreciated by the community. It makes me happy. :)
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,1/11/2010,5,9,,14,10>A bit of a beer snob I was surprised to not only find a brewery almost in my back yard, but one that uses great ingredients with a mindset of "if it's not great, who will want to drink it?"  Under the direction of co-owners Brad Banker and Dane Richardson, the Lagniappe Brewing Company is just finding its footing as a serious beer maker.Your tour at the brewery is more of a sit-down tasting in which you can see the operations from your seat.  Great bar stools, lounge chairs and a big screen TV will keep your 'tour' running a bit longer then you had originally planned.   The beer is fantastic and not all of the flavors are your norm.  For instance, the summer ale had a hint of coconut in its after taste, a daring feat that if someone described it to me I would say "no thank you." However the result is a perplexing payoff and one in which I welcomed a second round.  I ended up walking away (three hours later) with a six pack of Ubermensch Wheat Ale, a take on German tradition so rich in flavor, it has no business being a commercial beer but rather a privileged home brew served to only your favorite guests. For now, I am thrilled that this fine beer is 'all mine' (a best kept secret) but I am certain it will quickly gain in popularity. I'm excited about being a bystander and watching this company grow.  I haven't been this close to such a great product since my days of watching Magic Hat Brewery up in Burlington, Vermont.PS I gave this company 4 stars simply because I think we are going to see great things to come down the road.  I'm giving it one more star to grow, knowing that it will happen.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,1/10/2010,0,1,3,5,3>The event planning staff was stellar; they certainly went the extra mile when helping me to plan my marriage proposal dinner. Everything went very smoothly from start to finish. We were seated on the front patio, perfect for people-watching and enjoying the breezy sunset. As the sky darkened, strings of lights lit the patio from overhead. The appetizers are amazing. As garlic lovers, the roasted garlic they provided as a spread for the bread was to die for. The waitress was very upbeat, attentive and informative; her personality certainly helped us to be at ease. Her suggestions were all impeccable. The chef made everything perfectly palatable. A live band played on a stage near the patio in front of the restaurant, adding to the ambiance. Romantic conversation ensued quite naturally and the proposal went off without a hitch. No sooner had I finished proposing and she accepted, then the band, playing "That's Amore" and made their way from the stage toward our table. The management had helped me organize a private serenade. The waitress brought us champagne and we continued our blissful dining experience in what seemed like solitude. Portobello's romantic atmosphere left us blissfully unaware of the bustling passers-by. The entire staff seemed to be working to make our evening nothing short of magical.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,1/9/2010,70,106,1,8,3>The story you are about to read is true...This is International Drive, Orlando Florida. My name is Skacey. I carry a sense of celebration.2:40 pm. Wednesday. My partner and I are on a dedicated pub crawl searching for the proper pour of Guinness. Tucked behind the Buffalo Wild Wings is a rough cut emerald bar called the Lucky Leprechaun. Now the afternoon that we decided to stop in was on a popular Irish holiday in March. We were fortunate enough to share the bar with a fantastic group from Belfast.Now the Guinness is of course proper. The atmosphere is simple, but authentic. If you want a bit less tourist in your cup, this is the place to be. I've not tried the food as yet, but I will likely be wandering through in a few months, likely on the 17th.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,1/8/2010,20,60,,4,2>We had a great meal at Cedars Cafe last night (Saturday.) Our party of six included picky eaters ("no spices") but everyone raved about it. I had the Chicken Shish Taouk, 2 skewers of grilled marinated chicken. My buddy had the Lamb version. Both were delicious.   This is probably the most welcoming and friendly restaurant I've ever found. None of us were real familiar with Lebanese cooking, and we asked a lot of questions, yet the wait staff gave good descriptions and put us all at ease.  We were offered sample sips of various wines in small plastic cups.    We had reservations and our table was ready on time. They have only 8-10 tables, and all were taken during the evening, though we never saw a line. I really like that they don't cram the tables together.  I'm a big eater, yet even I was surprised at the portion sizes. Plates were piled high with Plenty o'  Food. And that basmati rice with some kind of white topping is delicious!.   We had and assortment of baklavas for dessert - some were light, some heavier - and all were good.  It's an hour from our home in Orlando, but I'm sure we will return soon.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,1/7/2010,152,101,8,10,6>I practically live at this place.  I should seriously have stock in CityFish.  So why only 4 stars?  Let me explain......It is in Thornton Park and it is on E. Central so prices are a little high...except during happy hour.  Which is like the only time I go.  From 3 to 6 Mon-Fri and 12 to 6 on Sat the oysters are 50 cents @ the bar.  And then I'm pretty sure everyday from 4 to 7 they have 50 cent wings (which r super delicious) and $5 fish tacos and a few other good specials but I cant remember because i always get the wings. And as far as the happy hour drink specials - ALL DAY EVERY DAY!  $2 Mimosas, $2 Bud Light mugs, $3 well drinks, $4 Peppar Bloody Marys (which are my favorite bloody marys in the downtown area) and $5 Pink Lemonade.  There's a lot of other drink specials but I can't remember.And here's something i found out last Sunday.  During brunch they have THEE best biscuits and gravy i have ever had, and it's only 5 bucks!  Pair it with one of their Peppar Bloodys and it's the best hangover brunch ever!Ok so onto stuff that's not during happy hour.  The mussels appetizer is seriously one of the best I've ever had and it's only $11.  It's big enough to share.  Get lots of extra garlic bread for dipping.  Other than that I think the only other things I've had are the fried oyster basket and the fried oyster PoBoy which are both awesome.  Oh wait, I've also had the fried calamari app which was awesome but a little pricey at $10 considering it was a tiny portion....and the smoked fish dip sucks.Service is always great except for this one time they had this new bartender i had never seen before and he was a total douchbag.  I almost walked out.  I haven't seen him back there since, thank god.  I love this place because in the midst of all the swanky, yuppy places in Thornton Park such as Hue and Shari, it's super laid back and casual.  I think i could go there in my pajamas and nobody would give a shit.  But i won't ; )
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2009,1/6/2010,8,13,,4,2>I usually do take out and, as always, get the sloppy pork sandwich (which you can choose the size of your sandwich (small, medium, JUMBO!). The people are usually very friendly and they are good about their time quotes. Their food is affordable and their sweet sauce is amazing!I go there twice a week!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,1/5/2010,3,9,,6,3>I am 27 years old, and first came to Marie-France as a 23 year old looking for a dress for my friends wedding. I was a little worried because the dresses in the store window looked very expensive, plus, come on, it's Thorton Park!I was very excited to see that the dresses were extremely affordable, the staff was helpful, and within 20 minutes I found and bought the perfect dress and pair of shoes for my friend's wedding for 100 dollars!  I received many compliments on the dress, and ever since then, I have been a loyal customer. I have over 12 dresses, 6 shirts, and countess shoes, necklaces and purses, all from Marie-France. Her prices are unbeatable for the style you get. I have received compliments from complete strangers on my clothing and purses that I have purchased. Thorton Park is my favorite store, but I know there is a store in Winter Park, and another in the Lake Mary area. The Lake Mary store is more like an outlet, so you can get formal gowns for as little as 40 dollars, and formal shoes (high heels, sandals with rhinestones) for as little as 15 dollars!! You can't dream of prices this good!Plus, she is great with weddings. I came to the store owner, Marie, with an idea of how I wanted my bridesmaid's necklaces to look; she was able to custom design something perfect! My bridesmaids gifts were these beautiful, one of a kind, custom made necklaces that no one else will ever be able to buy, and all for $30 dollars each.Each of the three stores has a different selection, so if you like one dress at the Winter Park store, but you want it in red instead of black, the staff will call the other two stores to see if they have what you are looking for, and hold it for you.The clothing selection changes every week, with constant new inventory coming in, so be sure to stop by on a regular basis. Sometimes I walk out with nothing, and other times I walk out with 2 dresses and a necklace!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,1/4/2010,38,89,,6,3>Five stars for delicious food at good value, three stars for kind of strange eating ambiance.  I had the Rufus pulled pork, fully loaded, and it blew my mind!  And this is from a former Texan.  The staff is super friendly as well.  If you're dining with vegetarians, there are also options for them but my advice to the meateaters is to come hungry and get a monster pulled pork sandwich.The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the atmosphere in the dining room.  Maybe it was because we were the only ones in there, but it felt like more of a store than a place to sit and eat.  Maybe it's the bright lights? The lack of music?  I'm not sure, but I would have given this place an easy five stars if the dining atmosphere was more lively and comfortable.  I didn't see the garden in the back, but from what I"ve heard it's a cute place.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,1/2/2010,183,136,,5,4>Every time I visit Orlando this is always on my list of things to do!  I landed and around 10AM decided to kill time at the airport to make my first stop ol faithful..nothing like starting off the experience with a lil comfort food!!!  I arrived around 11:30AM and realized that they are actually opened at 10 and stay open all the way til 9!  I have been coming to this restaurant since college (around 1993) and although they have grown in size and become a lot more 'foo foo' in their presentation, this is hands down the best Vietnamese I've ever had..including when I lived in NYC.   The summer rolls are always fresh.  They do something special to their sauce that I can not duplicate and no other place can come close.  I always get the bun with beef and spring rolls even though they took it off the menu (if you ask nicely they will still make it if you :) ).  Agreed that the portions did seem smaller but the quality seemed higher.  Little Saigon will always be a place that I long to visit, tell my friends and family around the dinner table no matter where I'm at in geography and am extremely happy for the owners success as it shows that great food at a fair value in the right location will keep regulars longing far and wide for just a taste of what Little Saigon has to offer year after year!!!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/31/2009,334,198,2,5,3>This is by far the best dog park I have been to in Central Florida. It's spacious, waterfront and perfect for energetic dogs who need some leg room. I used to take my lab and golden retriever (both about 10 months) there regularly. It was the perfect place for them to wear off their excess energy. Being lakefront is great for dogs who enjoy playing in the water. There is a wooded section where you can walk the trails with your dog or an enormous open section for free play. And the best part, they also have a doggie bath everyone can use on their way out. The people who frequent the park are extremely friendly as are most of the dogs.For those of you with smaller dogs, take heed there is no separate section for small dogs. It is the perfect playground for dogs of all sizes.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2012,7/21/2012,151,94,,5,3>came here for UYE Taco Tuesday! great company and OK food. the good: the salsa is good, ask for the spicier one and mix it in with their standard one... if you can handle it, the spicier is awsome. it made me cringe though. mouth was on fiiiire!!! no complaints for that. Taco was fresh and light... tasted really good. the queso is yummy and cheesy. the bad: the service, yes they were friendly and nice but .... im sorry to say but they messed up a few of the orders on the table and mine was just completelyyyyy offf. sent it back once and didnt want to send it again because well... i hate doing that. margaritas are awsome! very strong and worth the almost $8.00 for the Cuervo margaritas.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/20/2012,210,146,,4,5>I could have swore I had written a review of Rock and Roll Heaven.Well here goes!Let me start with I have SHOPPED here for YEARS!If you are looking for Old Music, Music on Vinyl, Albums or CD's by artists from days of yore, Hard to find, think you remember a song from your youth can't remember the title or artist, it can never been found again, etc etc.Stop your search elsewhere and go here!The brothers that run the place and the guys that work there should be forensic researchers cause they can find it, or they have it, or can track it down.I took a coworker here one time after a music discussion on an album that came out in the late 60's. It was a guitar compilation with various famous and non famous artist. They probably only made so many copies and then it disappeared.He had been searching for this particular album for years. I mean years, I said did you try Rock and Roll Heaven? He had a blank look on his face that I took to mean NO. So I called and asked for the album, I was on hold for about a minute when the guy came back on the phone and said which volume you looking for? I have 1, 2, and 3 here in the store!Case solved all albums purchased (he didn't even know about 2 and 3).If your looking for it! Go here they probably have 5 copies. Can't find it on itunes or want it on the ipod. They can help you.Rock and Roll Heaven, it's like the Righteous Brothers song "If you believe in forever then life is just a one night stand. If there's a Rock and Roll Heaven you know they got a Hell of a band!" In this case a Hell of a lot of Music!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,7/19/2012,124,416,,9,4>Another great place to get Middle Eastern food in Orlando!I have eaten here twice and let me tell you.....The food is delicious!  My favorite dish is the chicken shish tawook wrap with a side salad. The chicken is just so tender and seasoned deliciously!If you want to try out the various flavors, order the Mazza (A Combo) appetizer. You will get babba ganoush, hummus, falafel, and a coucous salad.The Turkish coffee is a great way to end your dinner.  If you come here for lunch, the place have great lunch specials!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,7/18/2012,68,280,8,5,5>When I die I want my family and friends to throw Donut King cream filled donuts onto my coffin instead of flowers. THAT is how much I like them. Some of the kids who work here could be a bit more cordial, but they work at a 24 hour donut place in Minneola so I don't really blame them for the attitude. Also, if you are calling ahead to pick up an order you might have to call several times to remind them. The aforementioned kids tend to drop the ball on that sometimes. Besides these two minor details this place is amazing (try the donut holes!)
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,7/17/2012,84,171,11,5,7>As if the Crooked Spoon needs another wang stroke, here I am.I finally gave this place a shot after hearing about it for the last year. I've read your reviews about the 4/20 burger and the mac and cheese, so I decided to give it a shot.The 4/20 burger is amazing. It's a huge beef patty that squirts juices when you bite into it. Mmm, squirting beef juices. Perched on top of the beef patty is a hodge-podge of bullshit including cheese, bacon, mystery sauce and pineapple. Pineapple? Oh yes. I've gone my entire life without knowing that pineapple complements a hamburger, and I feel as ashamed of this fact as the eight years of my life I wasted thinking Santa Claus was the one storing the toy boxes in the garage.The 6 Cheese Mac and Cheese, however, is a big fail. Maybe it's because I was stuffed on the burger, an empanada and two cans of a Brazilian fizzy drink provided by Feast Beast, but it tasted weird. I am a cheese snob who swore off Kraft Slices at the age of six, and even I couldn't figure this concoction out. Yes, I got the peppers, the bacon, and the bread topping. What is that strange aftertaste? It was funky. Too funky for consumption. I felt guilty for chucking an $8.50 dish into the trash when my Facebook news feed is flooded with pictures of starving children every day, but I would have felt even worse offering this to one of the pudgy patrons sitting nearby on the curb, so chuck it I did.Because of the 4/20 Burger, which I have deemed The Best Food Truck Food Ever, the Crooked Spoon redeems itself. It is not funky like the Mac and Cheese, it squirts when you bite into it, and the name plays homage to all of our college roots.Crooked Spoon, your burger is A-OK.UPDATE: I went back today for lunch. Figuring a burger would be too heavy, I went for the Cranberry Turkey Sandwich. It's turkey on whole grain bread with cranberry chutney, caramelized onions, swiss cheese and sage aioli. It sounds strange, but it was amazing. Because it's turkey, I talked myself into believing it was a health food. Regardless, if I could make love to any sandwich, it would be this one.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,7/16/2012,1539,171,4,9,4>There are probably close to fifty Chinese restaurants in the Kissimmee area.  How do you find a good one?  Read reviews on yelp of course!  I was immediately suspicious of Chinese and sushi but we decided to give it a try.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The outside is a little scary but the interior is very nice.  The Chinese food is very good, I can't comment on the sushi because I don't eat it. We have been here multiple times and tried many different dishes. My favorite is probably the sweet and sour chicken.   They also deliver.  It has always arrived hot and we have gotten what we ordered.  It is in the middle of touristville but worth the trip. Prices are good and the portions are good sized.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,7/15/2012,209,208,3,9,5>Yum, yum, BRUNCH!This place has an amazing brunch buffet and mimosa special.  $20 gets you unlimited mimosas and trips to their modest, yet deliciously satisfying buffet.  When we went there was fresh salmon, fruit, and made-to-order french toast, Benedicts, and omelets.  There were several other options on the buffet, but they escape me now.  The atmosphere was perfect, but the live music could have been a little quieter... it is Sunday brunch which, for me anyway, usually proceeds a late Saturday night.  The mimosas were great, the brunch includes orange and cranberry, but you can upgrade for different flavors, not too shabby.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,7/14/2012,1381,1517,8,11,7>What a delightful find so close to where I live!  I had no idea.  It's a preserve, so it's nature's home, and a great place for education and hiking.The trails are clearly marked, and the sounds of little creatures scurrying can be heard with each step.  It's a great idea to bring sunscreen and insect repellent.  I have a small bootleg spray bottle of skin so soft from CVS.  It works perfectly.The staff offers various classes, so make sure to check for topics and times.  The space is super organized with an educational display area, sitting area with benches and rocking chairs, and most importantly, clean restrooms.Apparently a walking program called trailblazers exists as well.  Once registered, you will be able to check out a pedometer on each visit to track how far you are walking.  A reward is given when you reach 30 miles.  I especially like the chalkboard in the sitting area.  After walking, you may record any wildlife spotted during your hike.   yelp.com/biz_photos/fBfR…During my first hike I spotted a black snake.  I am not a fan of snakes--I only admire faux snake in the context of fashion.  But me and the snake respected each others space, and as long as that happens, I am good.  I am sure snakes have a divine purpose in this life--alligators, roaches and spiders too--I'm just not sure what it is.  It will take some time for me to gain true appreciation for their existence. . .and even when and if I do. . .You stay on your side, I stay on mine.Thank you very much.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,7/13/2012,20,305,,10,5>In Italy, there are four main types of dining establishments. There are restorantes, which is Italian for dress up and fork over your wallet. There are trattorias, which are like restaurants but less formal. There are osterias, which are family run places with limited but fantastic menus. Then there are tavola caldas (literally, "hot tables") where you get a reasonably priced quick bite without breaking the bank.Ravalia's hits the point right between an osteria and a tavola calda, but with the American quick food restaurant amenities of tables and free sodas and restrooms. It's owned by Italians, and it is pretty authentic of what you might find in Naples or Rome if you were looking for a quick but good bite to eat.The pasta... Fresh made, using good quality ingredients. Most are egg pastas, but they do have some semolina-only options as well. Ordering is set up kind of like how you would order a burrito at Chipotle's. The homemade pasta is dropped and boiled in front of you. You can select your sauce, along with a side such as sausage if you'd like. Red sauces are made with San Marzano tomatoes. I had the cavatelli covered in their "old world meat sauce." The portion size was huge, and it tasted wonderful. Next time, I am trying their Amatriciana sauce.The pizza... This is another item that I will definitely order next time. It's not American style pizza. This is the super-thin crust type that you'd get in Naples (Italy, not Florida). I saw them pull one out of the oven, and it looked both simple and beautiful.I spoke at length with Al (one of the owners) and his staff about their options and ingredients. All of them were incredibly hospitable and friendly. It's rare but refreshing to find genuine folks excited about what they do.One of the local health inspectors was in line in front of me and is a regular there. That speaks volumes about how clean this place is.Food is served on disposable dishes with disposable utensils. Fancy? No. But it is clean, high-quality food at a price that can't be beat.Ravalia's is making it into my Casselberry area lunchtime rotation, and it gets five stars from me as one of the best places in Orlando to get a good meal without breaking the bank.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,7/12/2012,389,242,,6,5>This was my first experience with laser tag, paint ball, whatever...  Very awesome!!We had a groupon - $21 Laser Tag for 2 adults, each with free slice of pizza ($59 Value).  They have Groupons from time to time...  totally worth it!Having never done something like this before, I was apprehensive.  But, their set up makes it super fun for newbies like me.  It's so organized!  You have 2 hours and you play 8 games with time for breaks in between.  You have a Guide the whole day.  They take you from field to field and tell you what the point of each game is.There are indoor and outdoor fields.  And yes, paintball is played on the same fields, so be prepared to have paint smeared all over your clothes.  They give you protective eyewear because flying paintballs may make their way to nearby fields.  Make sure you don't wipe the goggles... they have anti-fog stuff on them.  haha...  I thought they were just dirty.  nope.It was super fun...  We were partnered up with 2 others and we played against another random team of 4.  They took about 80 pictures of our group and posted them on their fb page by date.  They didn't tell us where to find the pictures; I had to call them afterwards for the info.  They also gave us two 2 for 1 passes for a return visit.  I'd definitely go back... But, I'll keep an eye out for a Groupon deal again though.* One hour of play: $19.95* Two hours: $29.95* Three hours: $39.95HOURS: Battleground Orlando is open everyday, Noon - Midnight, ( + after-hours, till 6am on Fri/Sat ).
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2010,10/22/2010,48,313,5,7,4>3.5 stars for Lee and Rick's Half Shell Oyster Bar. I've spent all of last night trying do decide how to rate them. Without being able to give them half stars officially, do I feel they're closer to 3 or 4 stars? It's a tough call.We first heard about this place years ago, but being clear on the other side of town, circumstances and laziness never allowed us to get down there. This week, we made it our mission to make the trek over.We had read plenty of reviews about this place before heading in, so we were expecting and prepared for it to be a dive - albeit a friendly and quality one. Walking in, we spotted a sign that said "please wait to be seated", but it had been taken off its stand and left on a table next to the entrance. We paused at the entrance for a moment - some employees looked at us and then looked away. We sat ourselves at the oyster bar. A short while later, we saw some other people come in, and the manager showed them to a table, so now I'm not sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or not. No harm, no foul, I guess.Our waitress/shucker (which I shall from henceforth call "shucktress" because it sounds cool) came over and sort of introduced herself. She was friendly, but seemed bored. She had been called in on her night off because they thought they would be busy and it wasn't. She gave us a few minutes to go over the menu. The menu is small and understandably focused on seafood. Besides buckets of oysters or shrimp, there are a few bar style appetizers (jalapeno poppers and the like). If you don't like seafood, there are two chicken dishes to select from. Point is - if you don't like seafood, you probably shouldn't be here eating dinner.We really wanted some drinks with our dinner, but they only served a couple of wines and beers here. This wasn't a huge surprise, but it was a bit of a disappointment. The beer selection may be ok for a lot of people - Bud, Miller, Killians, Corona - and a few others of the same quality (and lack thereof) - but there was nothing that we liked.We knew we had to start with a bucket of oysters, and we'd go from there. Our shucktress came back with a huge bucket of oysters a minute or so after taking our order and got down to work. She made small talk while she worked, but was not super friendly - again seeming bored. Maybe we're just not interesting. I watched another shuckster (see, shucksters are the male versions of a shuckstress) interacting with his customers and he was friendly and chatty.With few exceptions, the oysters were huge and meaty. They all tasted super fresh. For having only been a shuckstress since April, she was excellent at shucking - popping them open and placing them in front of us faster than we could gulp them down.After finishing our bucket, she asked if we wanted another. We decided that we wanted some cooked food. We love oysters, but they're not exactly the most filling things in the world. We asked if she had any recommendations. She said that she didn't like seafood - but that she had had the fried fish one time and it was pretty good. She conceded that she had covered it in just about every condiment available though - and at that point, anything would have tasted good to her.With little guidance, we ordered some fried clams and the stuffed flounder. The clams came out pretty quickly, but the flounder was another matter. Apparently, the cooks couldn't find the flounder, and our shuckstress had to pull it out of the freezer and defrost it. Instead of both dishes coming out at the same time, the clams came out while the fish was being defrosted so it could be cooked. The clams were tasty, but nothing special. They seemed a little overpriced for what you got: a plate of fried clams, a portion of unseasoned fries and a cup of very tasteless - what I think was supposed to be cole slaw. I was almost done with the clams by the time the flounder came out.Unfortunately, something came up and my wife only got to eat one bite (which she said was good) before having to go outside. While she dealt with that, I searched for our shuckstress. I finally spotted her on the far end of the bar in the next room - shucking someone else's oysters. That also explained why I had been sitting for 5 minutes with an empty cup of water. For some reason each shuckster/shuckstress seems to ignore you if you're not being served by them. Even though I was looking around anxiously, all of the other employees just ignored me. Before leaving, my wife wanted to use the bathroom - and came back out as quickly as she went in. She said it looked like the bathroom inside a trailer and that the door did not lock shut - describing it as "skanky".I really wanted to love Lee and Rick's, I just couldn't. The food aside from the oysters and shrimp just seems overpriced and unremarkable and the service has some serious shortcomings. If we had ended our experience with the oysters, I probably would have given them four or even five stars.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,10/21/2010,105,221,3,3,3>Just be ready to do some finger and bone sucking!  I'm glad I went with 4 people because I got to try a lot of things out on my first visit.  The ribs of course were great but I could have been happy just licking the sauces.Ohhhh the beans that come with your meal... Mmmm, mmm, mmm!  It was like a gooey warm candy in your mouth!  I want these bean with some pancakes!Despite being in a strip mall that doesn't offer me much more, the atmosphere in the restaurant is really friendly and cozy.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,10/20/2010,6,34,1,4,3>Finally made it back to Nagoya, and while the first time was good, this was better!  Calamari was still light and perfectly cooked - I really like the sauce they serve it with.  My husband got the goma tori - very tasty, and a large enough portion that we both had lunch the next day.  And I got a boat of sushi!  So fun.  I skipped the cheesecake dessert, but did get a glass of plum wine with sake, which was light and fruity, but with a definite kick.  Definitely glad I found this place!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,10/19/2010,116,27,7,6,5>#47.Extra pork.Don't forget to add the hot sauce.And the shrimp spring rolls.Enough to share.Fin.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,10/18/2010,108,427,3,3,5>So Bahn Mi, is like one of my absolute all time favorite foods. And I found a great one here. The bread was super fresh, the meat was sparing but well cooked, LOTS of cilantro, and just enough heat from the Jalepeno. We also had spring rolls, which were good, but not the best ever. Also had a bowl of pho broth (no noodles or meat) which was great, really herby with lots of onions. Service leaves a little something to be desired, though the server DID hook me up with free ice tea. All in all you don't come to a place like this for the atmosphere, you come to eat. I will be back soon.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,10/17/2010,186,121,7,11,6>Awesome staff and Amazing Drinks, it's definitely much better (and safer) than doing it your self.  I used to be a bartender at some pretty fine establishments and IT SUCKS to get stuck behind the bar at a party.I make myself one drink and it's "Ohh Ian , can you make me one of those?"   and the next thing I know it's four hours later, the party is over, everyone else is buzzed and all I have to show for it is bar rot.{Bitter, party of one...)The other thing is when you hire Barfly, that's what they do, tend bars.  I have been to too many functions with people pouring drinks that have NO idea what they are doing.  It really makes the party suck as well.Make sure you choose a caterer that has bartenders not busboys pouring drinks.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,10/16/2010,11,281,1,5,4>They only serve authentic ramen here for lunch - 12pm til 2pm price ranges from $7.50-$8.00 for a huge bowl of japanese noodle goodness.Just like criticizing the broth of Pho, This goes the same for the broth of a authentic japanese ramen broth. The broth was very rich and delicious, Creamy yet runny consistency. I guess it was somewhat creamy due to the richness of the broth?When the bowl of ramen is served it is easy on the eyes, Beautiful art!The tempura was delicious yet the quantity is somewhat little for the price. I still think Tokyo's in Richmond CA has the best tempura by far!FYI - Upon entering you will be greeted and will be kindly introduced to their lunch special "display". It is $12 for a huge portion of variety goodies! I will def try it next time when the display is worth my tummy.The last two times ive been they had a sardine or mackerel dish with all sorts of sides and the last time I actually regret not ordering - It was a dumpling/chicken ramen with salmon and nori appetizer, etc.The lunch special display is a limited item - It states on the display they only make 10-12 of the item per day. So if the item is popular you lose ur luck. The sushi and grade of the fish is by the taste and look of the raw fish. Also they give you a good amount of slice of the fish rather than a thin sliver like other sushi restaurants. They have a majority of japanese clientele. Whis IS a good sign. I want to try their Fotomaki next time I go there for $10 because that is one of my favorite "rolls' This place also does rolls but IS limited. They specialize in raw sushi such as sashimi and nigiri and also Ramen. They offer hot stone entree's which I think is great for "dates"...lols. Miso soup was delicious however they only give you 1 large cube of tofu and the rest is scallions and broth with slight seaweed pieces. It's a very relaxing and zen like atmosphere because the servers are pleasant. Their competition is Rangetsu and so far from what I heard Hanamizuki is the best authentic japanese compared to Rangetsu because of prices and clientele. This is located at international drive btw. Good eats!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,10/15/2010,33,51,2,3,3>As other reviews have pointed out, the exterior and surroundings of this Mexican establishment are not the greatest. But do NOT let that deter you from trying Tortilleria, the food is fantastic! Its fresh, authentic Mexican cuisine. The corn and flour tortillas are always hot & fresh. I always order tacos' a la carte.' For only $1.50 each, its easy to have a fiesta all your own! They have a nice size menu, with many different types of mexican dishes. Fresh fruit juices and Horchata are delicious and only $2.50!  They have a full ice cream bar, which I am looking forward to trying on my next visit. The salsa bar offers a great selection of sauces, but beware they are CALIENTE! The staff and owners are super friendly, and add to the overall experience. Two thumbs up to Tortilleria!!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/14/2010,188,226,,9,5>Originally built in 1935 as a single-screen cinema, the Garden Theatre was the first in Central Florida built for "talkies," and was a gathering place for locals to watch the latest newsreels and films of the day.  Constructed in the Mediterranean Revival style, the interior of the theatre was modeled after a Spanish courtyard with "Romeo & Juliet" balconies, Spanish tile roof, and a dark blue ceiling resplendent with "stars."  The theatre underwent several renovations until closing in 1963. Soon after, the interior was completely removed and the sloped floor was covered with cement to level the surface to be used by a farm supply store.Through the tireless efforts of the Winter Garden Heritage Foundation, the restored Garden Theatre reopened in February 2008, and with over 200 events per season, has quickly become a shining star on Plant Street.  The Garden Theatre brings a cultural performing arts center to Winter Garden, a town with unparalleled charm in Central Florida.  This achievement is revitalizing the downtown historic district, and bringing a nostalgic sense of community back to the citizens of Winter Garden.By restoring its architectural charm and re-introducing well-loved family programming, this treasured gem fills a cultural void in West Orange County.  By presenting 4-7 events each week, a study by Americans for the Arts, Arts and Economic Prosperity Report, shows the estimated annual economic impact of the operational theatre to be over $1 million annually.  The Garden Theatre hosts live plays, concerts, movies, and more to the residents of and visitors to the city of Winter Garden.  I have seen many live plays as well as classic movies during the summer and highly recommend a visit to this historic cinema!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,10/13/2010,271,84,,4,5>I have good news...and I have bad news. Let's get the bad over with first...1) I've been traveling quite a bit lately and haven't had a chance to write too many reviews. 2) Lola's only has one location.And now for the good stuff-1) When the crazy travel schedule calms down a bit (mid November), I'll have a full list of places from all over the country to review. I'm keeping a list. 2) That one location Lola's has (on Corrine Dr.) has some of the best lunch ever!I've been to Lola's a few times now, and have never been let down. The owners are some of the sweetest women around, and make some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I wish this place was closer to my home or office- I'd be stopping by every day. The prices can't be beat either. I had a wrap, pasta salad, drink and a cookie for about $10-12. While I wasn't a big fan of the pasta salad, everything else on my plate was phenomenal. They also included chips and orange slices. It ended up being a bit too much food, but I gladly boxed up the leftovers to take home. The cookie was pretty damn good, too. I'm a cookie connoisseur, and the chocolate chip at Lola's was to-die-for. The shop itself is pretty small, only room for 5-6 tables, but I have a feeling it's more of a grab it and go spot. They do have some very cool art on the walls that's available for purchase, and a table set up with announcements for all the latest local happenings. If Lola's ever does start delivering or opens another location, I'm in big trouble!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/31/2010,108,427,,3,2>Great cheap casual restaurant! I love the custom salads! I like beets and garbanzo beans, things you just don't get in a salad at a normal fast food or casual dining, and I just don't always have the time or desire for Sweet Tomato's. I have ever tried a sandwich, but probably should, also they have an assortment of side dishes, like hummus and macoroni & cheese, again never tried. The staff and decor leave a little to be desired, but so does any Chipotle or Subway
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,1/30/2010,115,187,,4,3>Wow!  What a fantastic restaurant!A great find in a strip mall off busy SR 436.The inside of Pio Pio is "cute", but definitely not "fancy".  My visit to Pio Pio last night found a full restaurant - everyone seeming to enjoy the food (they all looked like regulars).Most entrees are very reasonably priced (around $10-15).  They have several "meal" options that give you a full meal (including salad, sides) for one low price.I enjoyed the Skirt Steak with rice, french fries and salad (with delicious fresh avacado on top).  My friend enjoyed the Beef Stew - which had delicious meat, onions, tomatoes, and french fries (yes french fries).  The french fries SOUND weird, but they were delicious in the stew!  His also had a side of rice.For an appetizer, we had the calamari... Very fresh and great batter - perfectly fried.  I was so impressed with Pio Pio - I will definitely be back!They deliver within a 4 mile radius and they also do catering.The servers were very friendly and appreciative of our business.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,1/29/2010,2,8,1,5,4>wow, lot's of places to sit and it still looks the same after 12 years. It's low key and great to visit on a cool rainy day.The pho (soup) is really good. I get menu No. 88 (soup entree) as I have gotten over my fear of fish balls and tripe. Everything else is tasty as well, although it's odd to find some thai food on the menu. I enjoy drinking the "thai tea" (in a viet-eatery, go figure) and the iced-coffee (Starbucks has nothing on this!)--go with friends and splurge on the appetizers and go pot-luck style so you can try everything all at once.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2009,1/28/2010,1408,1403,2,5,3>The downtown library, what do i think? Well the facility is five stars, so nice inside, with a really cool little cafe, wow! But when i browse the shelves, books by popular authors seem to never be there, maybe everyone is doing home delivery? The same size library i used to go to in Clearwater, FL, had way more books in stock. A tiny library i used to go to in Chapel Hill NC(20% the size of Orlando's) had just as many.So they need to purchase way  more books in my opinion.  Parking is a PITA, and not free unless you are handicapped. The garage across the street has a $1.00 minimum. the meters on rosalind are $0.25/15 minutes, I'm usually in and out in 30 minutes or less. Make sure you bag up your books in case it rains, On a short, short walk a few weeks ago it started to rain and mine got a bit damp, the check in lady kind of went on a power trip on me and wanted to fine me over some dampness(no way approaching wetness) at check in. She even went to a supervisor to see if she could, but they let me off with a warning and dirty look. So now i transport them in a bag.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,1/27/2010,320,258,2,6,3>I have to agree with Alexis here - "Scott White is phenomenal, funny, and nice!" I came here for my second tattoo by recommendation from Alexis and Colleen and I absolutely loved them. It was far better than my experience getting my first tattoo - not that it was a horrible experience. But being friendly, funny, and CONFIDENT in your work (especially that kind of work) goes a LONG way. IF :) I ever get more, Scott at Inkredible Ink is my man.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,1/26/2010,48,313,2,4,3>Located in the back corner of a strip mall across from UCF, Anmol is one of those unassuming restaurants that most people will drive right by - and that's a real shame.The interior decor is fairly plain and dimly lit with a few decorations on the walls and a slightly out of place faded Star Wars bedsheet acting as a cloth over the register counter - look close, you can see that they're Naboo N-1 Fighters. Most of my visits here have been for lunch, where I've ordered from the lunch specials if only to save a little bit of money. Instead of offering lunch portions on the whole menu, they just offer them for a handful of items - but everything I've tried has been great. After trying a handful of things, I seem to have settled on the chicken tandoori being my favorite.I brought my wife who was nervous about trying Indian again after a few really disappointing restaurants. She ordered one of the cheese based dishes and had her faith in Indian restaurants restored. Service is kind of iffy here. The servers are nice and cordial but never particularly friendly, and they can be kind of slow to come by for drink refills. The first few times I went there, I felt like they didn't speak English very well, but it seems I just didn't have anything interesting to say. As soon as the waiter overheard my friend complaining about the lack of Indian restaurants where she lived, he chimed in and seemed at ease chatting about restaurants in Miami and Fort Lauderdale.The quality of the food, however, makes up for any slight issues I may have with the service.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,1/25/2010,106,22,6,9,4>You hidden away little gem, you! Seriously I was a bit terrified if you will going into this place. I mean it's the DMV after all which usually means you are setting away 8 hours of your life to sit in a chair in frigid temperatures watching the same digital images flash across a screen, listening to kids screaming and people ready to open a load of bullets into a crowded room. But I digress...THIS is the DMV tiny location new to the corner of University and Colonial, and it rocks. I went in, gave my ID and paper to the receptionist...not pushing buttons on a kiosk mind you...and she gave me a little piece of paper saying to just be seated until I was called. Oh, and as an added compliment, she was very sweet and a bit funny considering all of the angry people and ridiculous situations she's put into throughout the day. I'd say about 6 minutes later (and that's stretching it) my number was called, I went to the gentlemen who also was having a wonderful day..I mean either they have some really happy people working there, pay them copious hourly wages, or they slip something in their drink for them to all be so pleasant!...and after giving my info, payment and taking my picture about 4 minutes had passed and I just had to return to the front and wait for my ID to be printed out. What I really hated was while sitting in front for the second time waiting for my ID, I had to calmly listen to the rude people behind me complaining on how long it all was taking, and they got there AFTER me! The audacity of some people...amazingly disgusting. Yeah you read that correctly...about 20 minutes total from beginning to end. And that includes the walk to and from the car, and maybe a phone call too. Kickers: Clean, quiet, friendly staff, incredibly fast and efficient service, easy parking, good location.Fails: Um, it was chilly inside...I had to pay a lot...it's the DMV and I don't like my picture :)Diamondism: I can't believe I almost drove out to the courthouse DMV and bypassed this one for fear it would be just as bad. Easiest transaction I could have hoped for coming from the DMV.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,1/24/2010,9,7,,2,3>Ichiban was one of the first restaurants I frequented when I discovered my love for sushi, years ago.  Even since having experienced dozens of sushi restaurants in Orlando and beyond, this place still maintains its appeal.There isn't too much that is fancy or trendy about Ichiban and, in my opinion, that adds to the appeal. The atmosphere is casual and inviting. The staff are attentive and helpful. The layout is simple and the decor consists of interesting works by featured artists.But what really makes this place worth the visit is the sushi. There is a nice variety of rolls to choose from, and the fish is always fresh and well prepared. They don't skimp on any of the ingredients. And the prices are very reasonable.  Usually I go for dinner, but I have had the bento box lunch special before and as I remember it was very good also.On my last visit we had dinner consisting of: 2 salads, 4 rolls, hot sake, and dessert; all delicious, all for around $60.  My favorite roll of the night was the Fireball Roll.If you are in downtown Orlando and like good simple sushi, this place is surely worth a visit.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,1/23/2010,0,17,1,8,4>Great spot.  It gets five stars because it does what it sets out to do so well.  It's a quick bite or take out place, not a formal dining restaurant.  I love that I can hop in my car, call ahead for spicy tofu, and its ready to go the moment I walk in the door.  Its also easy on the walletSome of my favorite dishes include the crispy skin pork, roast duck, and lobster with ginger & scallions.There is a fairly small dining area.  I've always been able to get  a table when I've wanted one.  When you're looking over the menu, be sure to look at the hand written additions along the walls.  I'd call them specials, but I don't think they rotate much.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,1/22/2010,9,49,,7,3>I've been hearing for awhile how great the food at Rolando's is and today I finally decided to give it a try.  I'm glad I did- -  the food was excellent!  I had the beef stew with potatoes and carrots in a tomato-based broth w/ rice and black beans ($11-12).  The stew was very savory and well-seasoned.  The beef was juicy and stewed to perfection.Also, for appies my boyfriend had the papa rellenas  and I had the empanada which was yummy as well.I will definitely try this place again- -  next time I may go before 4pm and try out the lunch specials.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,3/24/2012,38,30,6,4,5>This place is good for you... like sunscreen.After eating their food, I felt happy, and satisfied, and filled with a desire to return... not bloated, and greasy, and angry at the world like I feel when I eat at other restaurants whose food is bad for you.The people were nice. Not like Mr.-Roger's-Neighborhood nice, but close.I'm not a biker, but I'd definitely consider becoming one if it meant I got to eat here more often.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,3/23/2012,22,15,5,15,10>Obsessed. I might need therapy to get rid of my addiction to their pho. Every time I come to this place I feel like I'm in another country. The people cooking are Buddhist monks and the servers are all volunteers. All the profits from their sales go to maintaining their temple. Visiting Thuten Vien makes me feel like I took a plane and left the US. Most of the time you only hear Vietnamese. I love how nice and polite everyone is even though there's obviously a language barrier. So far I have tried their pho, their spicy soup, their noodles with Tofu and their desserts and i've yet to find something that I dislike. I HIGHLY recommend this place. Just make sure you bring some cash! because they don't take any credit cards
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,3/22/2012,1136,916,1,6,1>This place is as good as everyone says it is. The prices are a bit on the high end that is why i gave it only four stars but they deserved the four stars also because the service was really good and we arrived almost at 8pm and they still took our order and were very nice about it. I had the Chicago dog witch comes with peppers,mustard,onion,sport peppers ,celery salt, and relish and finally to top it off tomato with a soft bun that had seeds in the out side...makes your mouth watery right? well yes it is that good and the fries are very good too , just as good as the ones at Five Guys and they are made in peanut oil just like they do at Five Guys but best part is they are  made fresh to order making it better then the fries you get at Burger King or McDonalds. My complete meal was over $6.00 bucks(combo..drink,fries,hot dog) but if you want to "upgrade" you can get a dog that is larger for $.69 cents or spicy or stick with the normal for regular price.The place is kept very clean and I cannot express enough how great the employees were and before we left after they were already closed the had extra fries and offers us some free ones to go plus they came up to us and offer to get us more to drink and explain to us were there hot dog buns came from,  they made us feel welcome and did not kick  us out of the place like the they in other business.Service is one of the best parts about this place.I will definitely  be coming back again soon to try there other dogs.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,3/21/2012,57,65,,7,3>Love Love Love Love this place!You can savor wines from all around the world, including Africa! I think the concept is genius; you can try an array of wines for a small price and if you like a particular one, you can pour yourself a glass of it. It works with a card that you need to purchase at the counter located on the right side of the store as soon as you get in. You can then recharge it and not pay for the card again. So keep your card!David Black hosts a wine class in the wine vault downstairs. I've been to two classes so far, and I really have enjoyed it! You get to taste 6 types of wine from the country being studied. David is very knowledgeable and gives you a lot of information, from the grapes grown in the different regions of the country to culture anecdotes. He also speaks about taste, color, age, and aromas. A plate of cheese accompanies the wine, and then you are good to go. In addition, you meet great people and have pleasant conversation.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,3/20/2012,48,286,4,6,3>GO HERE.... just not when I'm trying to get a table for me!This is a scary looking place on 1-92, but is it ever so good!  Decor was charming.  Seating was a little tight, but not so much as to be uncomfortable.  Night I went for dinner the place was hopping with a bunch of people waiting to be seated, but somehow we lucked into being seated right away!After sipping a delicious margarita and perusing the extensive menu, we still couldn't decide what to get.  Our waitress recommended the combo platter for two; 2 different types of steak, crumbled sausage, chicken & pork, served with beans, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo and tortillas.   After we stuffed ourselves silly we still had leftovers!   Of course we had to try dessert, so got the flan & the tres leches cake.  Both were incredibly delicious, but the flan was the best I have ever had.  Hands down.Side note: a few tables around us were getting the combo platter for 4-6.  This thing was awesome to look at.  Go with a bunch of your big eating friends and get your grub on!!Highly recommend this little gem if you're in the Kissimmee area.  Totally worth stopping the car for!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,3/19/2012,103,190,5,4,6>I'm not one to even think about rating the bartenders. I usually grab my drink and run away, but this place has some SERIOUSLY friendly staff.  I'm so glad they had specials for Yelp Drinks or I would never go in here.You get a warm greeting when you enter and even if you sit with your own group, you feel part of the crowd.  After getting lost in my boardgames (and forgetting to drink!) I noticed I was greeting people coming in the door on instinct.  Weird...Oh, they also had some weird R-rated stuff playing on the TVs.I like.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,3/18/2012,223,368,,14,5>I was pleasantly surprised to find that I really liked this place.  Honestly, I was biased because it's located where Barnie's Coffee used to be and I'm kinda a huge Barnie's fan.  I was a little sore about them closing so I was hesitant to try a new place.  Well I'm happy to say that I have found a new place to chill, read a good book, and get a pretty good cup of coffee.Avalon Perks has your usual selection of various hot and iced coffee and tea based drinks.  The prices are reasonable (not as steep as Starbucks) and the coffee is surprisingly good.  I had a hot decaf with a couple of shots of sugar free coconut syrup.  It was yummy.My favorite thing about Avalon Perks is the atmopshere.  There's a few tables outside and there's a ton of comfy chairs and couches inside.  One wall of the place is covered in books that you can borrow and read while you are there.  They participate in a program to donate books to needy children, so if you're up for it bring a few books by and drop them into the donation box.I could definitely see myself coming back here to read, socialize, or even to study.  Great place!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,3/17/2012,46,60,,5,4>Overall: Excellent sushi and service.Yum and yum! I finally got around to dining at Hanamizuki last night and I was not disappointed. For a Tuesday night, it was packed. The server warned us that the sushi might take awhile to come out, but I had good company so I didn't even notice the wait. In fact, I think we waited about 10 minutes. I ordered the rainbow roll and the California roll. I know, I know  Cali roll is amateur sushi fair, but I meant to order the Alaska roll instead. My bad, but I have to say the Cali roll had asparagus which was really good. The rainbow roll was so fresh and delicious. I can't wait to go back and try some more rolls. Other Yelpers commented on high prices, but I have to disagree. The rolls were excellent, on par with great quality sushi.When I come back I also want to try the udon and agedashi tofu.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,3/16/2012,90,295,4,3,4>First time there last night, pretty neat place, gets crowded after 9ish. I tried this dry blackthorn (dry cider) for the first time and it was pretty good, although I wish they would have Strongbow on tap all the time! But it's okay :)I guess it's because of its location, close to downtown and stuff, people there look like hipsters to me, but then again what do I know about hipsters? Haha. Good place to hang out, would go there for cider any time.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,3/15/2012,148,339,3,5,6>Ya know what? It's a good, good, GOOD thing that their cupcakes are a bit on the "pricey" side because if they're not, I'm pretty sure I'd be at least 15 pounds heavier than I am now. So that's not even an issue in my book. $2.75 per delicious cupcake? Who cares.The place itself is also ridiculously adorable. The vintage plates adds a ton of charm, and the minimalistic decor somehow works as well. The people behind the counter have also been very friendly and helpful all the times that I've gone.I've had the Red Velvet (mmm!!!!), Downside Up (mmm!!!), Upside Down (mmm!!!), Sweet Cake (mmm!!!), Neapolitan (mmm!!!), Chocolate Rose (mmm!!!), and last but not least, my absolute favorite so far, Strawberry (MMM!!!). Oh yeah, they also serve pretty good coffee.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,12/3/2012,131,243,4,8,5>I finally get to try Jacqueline's handiwork, but do you think I could find this place without the GPS?  I told madame that she really needs a sign.  For the uninitiated, it's right next door to the seafood place.  She was out of coconut macaroons.  I settled on ordering deux douzaine to take back to Hong Kong, and an immediate sweet treat for my bride (et moi aussi).  The fruit tart at $3.95 is really a touch on the small side (5", I'm guessing), but what it lacked in quantity, QUALITY stepped in to fill the void.  The mix of the raspberry and blueberry filling, with the texture of the slivers of almonds, the raspberry seeds, and the delicate tart crust setting off each other in the most amazing way, was beyond words.  To be honest, it wasn't much to look at; but close your eyes and savor the mastery that's pitch-perfect, and you realize that price doesn't matter sometimes.  It also didn't hurt that Madame Jacqueline was charming and gracious to a 'T', and most accommodating.  So listen up, peeps: go see Jacqueline for some excellent baked goods of many different varieties NOW - a talented and intrepid entrepreneur like her deserves your business.  I know it's a bit out of the way for me, but I'll be back, and not just to pick up my macaroons on Tuesday!  A bientot, madame.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,12/2/2012,293,472,,8,9>Found a great new place to drink Locally Brewed Beer, this place is badass. Buy a glass to keep forever for 5$ and then 10$ for the tour and drink all the beer you want, and the beer is good, huge variety! and it's all brewed in house and constantly changing. This is a badass idea and this place is going to be awesome. You can also join the club and brew your own Keg and he'll teach you how!I can't believe how awesome this place is.Right across from Stardust on Corrine next to Big Daddys
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,12/1/2012,40,50,3,3,3>Now THIS is the kind of place that's right up my alley:  Hip vibe. Cool art. Live music. Small plates.  And a good glass of wine.  All served up al fresco.The place is Mi Tomatina in Winter Park. The art -- the colorful abstracts of Joan Miro.  Music -- Flamenco. And the wine?  Ahhh . . . refreshing, sparkling Cava.  Our small plates were fairly traditional Spanish tapas: marinated olives, croquetas, garlic shrimp, scallops, patatas bravas, slices of Spanish tortilla.   All enjoyed on a late spring evening under the awning of the outdoor patio with a light rain falling. Grab your besties and go.  Pretend you're in the Costa del Sol.  And color yourself happy!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,11/30/2012,57,65,4,15,6>It's a small cozy restaurant giving you a homely and very casual feeling around Deerfield. As soon as I arrived, I was able to peek into the kitchen. Actually, it's the first thing you see because the kitchen is exposed. I thought I saw the previous owner of Costa del Sol preparing food, and I was thrilled. I will now be able to eat proper Spanish samplings again, I thought.  BF and I ordered the vegetarian paella, which was good for not having any meat in it. When meat is not present, one has to make sure there is lots of flavor in the vegetables and grains. No worries here; in fact, it was seasoned very well. BF ordered an extra tapa called Callos a la Madrilena (beef), and it looked more like a meal. It was huge! It's like a beef stew with chick peas sitting on a considerable amount of broth. BF got into his little bubble and started devouring this beef, as if it was his job! We also got the Crema Catalana, and it was delicious and satisfied our sweet tooth. It resembles a creme brûlée, but more buttery. We asked for their wine and sangria list, and they informed us they still didn't have their license to sell these items. We were bummed, but they told us they would have it by next week. Therefore, they should have this license by now. What I thought to be the manager came to our table to ask us how everything was. We told him we were pleased with everything, and I asked him if the restaurant was from the previous owner of Costa del Sol because I thought I had seen her in the kitchen. He confirmed this and added she was his sister, and they both took on this foodie project together. So it's a nice family business, apparently. Next time, I'm going for the Paella de Mariscos (Seafood)... Yum!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,11/29/2012,29,34,3,5,3>Having grown up in Orlando, and having moved back to Orlando in 2005, we've been to a majority of the restaurants in the orlando area.  For my 10 year wedding anniversary, I wanted to find some place special and exciting we had never been to before.  After doing a bit of research, I realized that we had never been to K Restaurant, although we had heard many good things in the past.To begin, the location of the restaurant is very charming.  It is located in an old craftsman style house in the heart of college park.  The decor is comfortable and elegant.  Upon entering, the staff was extremely friendly.  A wine bar is located immediately behind the restaurant's entrance, and the bartender was friendly and knowledgable.  The wine and beer selection was unique, and excellent.But the main attraction was dinner.  I started with a wedge salad, served with iceberg lettuce, blue cheese, bacon, red onion, tomato, and green goddess dressing.  Most wedge salads I've ordered from other restaurants are simply hunks of iceberg, with some blue cheese and bacon on top.  Not this one.  The lettuce formed a delicate, chilled bed for very fresh tomato, hot, delicious bacon, and the unique green goddess dressing.  The portion was perfect. The best wedge salad I've had.As it was our anniversary, I decided to go for the filet mignon, served wild mushroom dusted, with potato gratin, cabernet sauvignon sauce, and truffle.  All I can say is this.  The cut of the filet was certainly not the best I've had.  However, the preparation and presentation resulted in this meal being the best steak meal I've ever had.  If I could order the potato gratin only everyday, I would.K was the perfect place for our 10 year wedding anniversary.  I look forward to going back for many special occasions.  Don't mis it.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,11/28/2012,86,62,8,8,7>Apparently, you don't have to be a young turtle to enjoy pizza. This is great, because while I'm often told I need to come out of my shell, that's more of a metaphorical thing.If I were to rate this Anthony's on just... Wait. Reverse a bit. Before getting into the food, I would like to voice my frustration that it seems every non-chain pizza place in the area is named Anthony's. Is this done to purposely confuse people? I'm sure as shit confused. I can't think of any other type of food where somebody's name is use more frequently, and great for us, every pizza place is owned by an Anthony!Ok. Rant over. Probably.So, if I were to rate Anthony's on their Pizza alone, I would be giving them a 5. Most of the time. I've come to learn that personally, I like their pizza by the slice a bit more than when ordering a whole pie. I'm fairly certain this has to do with the second trip to the oven the slices make. It helps the sauce and cheese firm up just smidge, and gives that extra crisp to the crust that I look for in pizza. If I'm feeling extra piggy or are not alone, I'll go ahead and get a whole pizza, because it's still a great pizza, just missing that extra something. Another bonus of ordering by the slice is it's easier to change things up. Almost always I'll order a slice of white and then a slice with a random vegetable... You know... Sliced meatballs, pepperoni, sausage... Ok, so I don't technically know what vegetables look like.I've been to New York a grand total of 1 time and have had 2 slices of pizza from there, so it's kind of impossible for me to say how it compares. That being said, it's easily my favorite pizza in the Orlando area.The calzones and strombolis are pretty great as well, but I rarely order these elsewhere so again I can't say how they stack up overall.So why not 5 stars? It seems anytime I venture outside of the above mentioned items, I'm never thrilled with what we ordered. Like the fried calamari... It's not bad, but really not anything special either. I'm sure there are other things that I would enjoy, but after a few missteps I've just decided to stick with what I know and love.So, that's why I love THIS Anthony's Pizza. If you need to ask anybody about it, make sure to mention Casselberry and 436/Howell Branch... Otherwise, they'll just assume it's the Anthony's nearest to them.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,11/27/2012,68,111,3,9,8>Living close to this gem is a total blessing.  I love this place.  As soon as you walk into the door you are greeted by an entirely full assortment of cookies, pastries and other baked awesomeness. The food is top notch "hole in the wall" Italian without  The owners and staff are friendly and the shop does many services for the local community including providing free catering for civil servants.  It's amazing I'm not the size of the empire state building with the mount of NY style goodies I consume at this establishment.  Good stuff.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/26/2012,88,37,19,6,4>"So lets do it like they do on the discovery channel"It's sex. Hot, horny, doggie-style sex. And from time to time, if you are doing it right. You need some props and extra fun for "play" This store has a wide selection of dildos, lubes, cock rings, porn, things that vibrate, and things that go up.....your ass.It's actually a very nice sex store, and you always feel very comfortable looking for things. No creepers here. (Unless you are the creeper....do you know it? You pervert)The shop is huge (That's what he said!) (You know I had to add one) and one could spend hours of looking (just wash your hands after)Don't try to steal anything. If you get caught, they will take your picture with the item you tried to steal and put it on the "wall of shame" so everyone in Orlando can see. They also have a frequent shoppers card, that can give you some really nice savings.In the end (Thank you, ill be here all night) its a great place to shop, and perfect for that special someone in your life! (Or someones....or that hookup)Great gifts also for special occasions, like Mothers Day.Enjoy and always play safe.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/25/2012,203,96,,5,2>I had a freaking blast at the Venue, they have some really awesome unique things going on. I was fortunate enough to check it out during the Passport to Ivanhoe where they sample a little bit of everything they have to offer. Peek-a-boo burlesque, some comedic duets, and a amazing talented dancers.  After the event I stayed for the Addams Family production, it was really entertaining and I love the all the dance numbers. Check this place out for a girls night, bachelorette parties, and a all around fun time!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,11/24/2012,204,152,2,4,2>Swanky spot! Stopped in for lunch with a friend. We got there right before noon and were able to get a table. Right around noon, the place was packed. The food was good. I had a grapefruit and shrimp salad. The portion was a little small but filled me up for lunch. My friend had the mac-n-cheese which he enjoyed. We also had the truffle chips with homemade ketchup. The chips came out late into our meal so, they gave us 20% off of our entire meal and another 20% coupon to take with us! The service was definitely great. The dinner items like meatloaf sounded yummy as well.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,5/5/2013,86,62,10,18,19>I wasn't sure when I would write this review, other than when it "felt right". Not because I mostly review places where I can eat (dog meat won't be on the menu)  I wanted time to put everything in perspective, not just look at it from the eyes of a new pop.A few months ago we had to say goodbye to a loved furry member of our family. This not only left a hole in my heart, but my girlfriend's as well. It also hurt her dog, who essentially lost a sibling.Over time, as that eerie feeling of "something" missing started to lessen, we began talking about the possibilities for the next member of our family.When I adopted my previous dog, I was single and lived alone, with no real requirements. I walked into a shelter, and walked out a short time later with one of the best decisions I ever made. This time required strategy. My girlfriend had been freebasing allergy medicine for years so she could live with us, so we wanted to avoid that. We also already had a gremlin of a dog living with us, and needed to be considerate of him with whoever we brought home.Enter Poodle and Pooch Rescue. A friend of ours is a volunteer with this group, so while I forgot this fact, when my girlfriend realized I was starting to get to the place where I would be ready for a new dog, she suggested we look into them. A visit to their website to learn more was all I needed to agree.To start, even if there is no particular dog you're looking at, you're able to fill out their application, which is what I did. Doing this ahead of time is great, because it gave them time to call our vet and groomer to make sure we were responsible and didn't dress up our pets in costumes made from harvested human skin. Essentially it pre-approved us for an adoption.The application asks a number of questions about what you're looking for, so I listed out the above mentioned requirements. Unlike a shelter, you'll have somebody keeping an eye out for dogs that match your criteria... Nice! Whether it's one they currently have up for adoption, or in the transition process, getting ready to be adopted out, they'll work to find the perfect match for you. They rescue so many dogs that there's usually a few new ones each week.Each rescue is placed with a foster family until they are adopted out, something that must be a huge comfort for the dogs. During this time, PPR is able to put together all sorts of notes on the dogs, which they share on the website for potential adopters. Good with other dogs... Not good with little children... Speaks with a French accent... Whatever. It's helpful info that can usually help sway you one way or another.We had strong interest in two dogs, so our adoption coordinator set up a meet-and-greet for us. We were actually able to meet with both dogs at the same time, which was quite convenient since we brought along our gremlin, Gordo. The foster for each was there, and was able to answer the numerous questions we had. Both dogs were wonderful, but one of them got along so famously with Gordo that we knew we would be trying to adopt him.At this point, I was pretty unsure of the process. When I asked what we needed to do to adopt the little guy and how long it would take until we could get him, we were told since we were pre-approved we could adopt him right then and take him home with us. Fannntastic!I wrote out a check, filled out an adoption contract, and took him off to our vet to get the full go-over. After a short trial process to make sure he was perfect for our home, it was all final and official.It has been a few weeks since we brought Walter (see included photo - from Sandra Johnson Photography) home with us. His notes mentioned he got along great with other dogs, but it's shocking to us how well the two get along, because honestly, Gordo is usually a shit to most dogs. While I still miss my Emma dearly, our home once again feels complete.Some final things I would like to hit on. My first dog, that I got through the shelter, costed all of $11. It was a kill shelter, and because those places get so full, they can't keep dogs for indefinite amounts of time. Walter's (or any rescue dog) adoption is considered a donation, and was considerably more... Usually a few hundred dollars. Keep in mind that the rescue groups go in and save the owner surrenders and dogs at the shelter that are often being overlooked or are on their final days. They pay the fees, taken the dogs to their vet, provide necessary medical expenses, groom them, and house and feed them with fosters. Since they are a non-profit, your adoption donation helps them keep doing what they do.  Along with adoption, you could help in other ways such as applying to foster, or donating to help them with medical expenses or saving more dogs. There are quite a few awesome dogs on the site right now, and I know there will be when you read this. Give their site a visit and give the dogs a look. You just might find a new family member looking right back.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/4/2013,111,174,2,9,5>So I think this is leading the pack now as my favorite local Mexican place. The menu is not huge which I actually like. They are focusing on the things they do well and what you get is nice and fresh. Yes, that huarache tortilla is handmade thank you!  And the salsa has some real flavor and a little kick to it, yum! And the carnitas burrito that could feed a family of four comes with a wonderful tangy green tomatilla salsa and really good cheese. The food here is thoughtfully prepared by someone who obviously has pride in what they are producing because it's above the ordinary. The space is small but comfortable. The servers were very pleasant. My margarita was tasty and the beer was cold.We tried to go eat here late last Saturday and although their hours said they should have been open, they were already shut down for the night. So please I selfishly ask that if you are in the Longwood area and are looking for a fix of good Mexican food - give La Fonda a try because (bad pun alert) I'm really "fonda" this place and want to see it succeed.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,5/3/2013,223,368,,6,3>What I liked:  RUBY RED BASIL.  Super delicious drink with vodka, grapefruit juice, and basil leaves.  It was heavenly.  The place is trendy, cute, and fun.  I like the environment.  The crowd was a little "hipsterish" but I friendly.The downside:  VERY very busy on a Saturday night.  The drinks are kinda "fancy pants" and take a little bit to prepare... so the bartender was very backed-up.  It look 15-20 minutes to get a couple of drinks.  Also, my drink was like $8-9 bucks.  That's kinda steep for one drink, but it was absolutely delicious... so I didn't feel that upset about it.All in all, I look forward to heading back on a less busy night and trying another one of their drinks!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,5/2/2013,192,199,,4,3>How have I not reviewed this place yet? I've been a regular of the GB for months and I go pretty much every Tuesday for $2 tacos. The place is small and easy to miss so drive slow on Orange. It's on the east side of the street near the Subway. It may not look like much from the outside, but it's totally worth a visit. Really!About the food: I pretty much always get the chicken tacos with tiger sauce on the side...my favorite. But I have also ordered the snack attack, the tomato soup, the grilled cheese, and a create-your-own salad, and I've NEVER been disappointed. Not once. I just happen to LOVE tacos. Always get the tiger sauce though, even if it's on the side. Just make sure to get it. Always.Now to the staff: They are very pleasant and very helpful. They also love their regulars so go and keep going back. They'll treat you right.Last but not least and most importantly, the brews: they have drafts that change regularly so you won't get bored. They have a huge selection of brews. I'm a cider drinker, so I love that when they see me, they will tell me which ciders are on draft or in stock right away. Big plus. I often don't even read the beer or food menu, they just kinda know. ANd they have a loyalty card, so make sure to get one. They'll keep track of how many cards you go through too, so you'll have bragging rights. Every ten drafts and you get your eleventh free (pretty sure that's the deal).
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/1/2013,197,231,2,4,4>I've only recently discovered Dr Phillips. I've always known it was there but I never really explored. What I discovered was a lot of restaurants out of my price range and Cricketers. We walked through two shopping plazas before we settled on this place and it was a great choice.Our waitress looked a bit like Zooey Deschannel (and I'll refer to her as such). My friend and I split wings as an appetizer and sampled a couple beers. I wish I could remember what we settled on. I got the chicken avocado sandwich. I liked it. We really liked Zooey. But went she took the rest of my sandwich back to box it, she did not include the fries. I was little perturbed. I'll remember to ask for them next time. How strange is that? I think I put this in my "Tip" but for those Friends fans out there, they have Boddington's! High Five!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/30/2013,159,130,3,11,7>Before visiting OPY, I never understood the crazy obsession that people have with yoga.  I bought the $40 for 40 days deal, because I knew I could at least give it my all for a month, and if I hated it then I would just keep searching for something else to occupy my free time.The studio is very clean and spacious inside, and there are showers and changing rooms in the back. The studio can get ridiculously packed sometimes, so be prepared to make a new friend quick if you come during a busy time, as you will probably get someone else's sweat on you at some point. Fortunately, a couple inches of space between mats does not bother me.The best thing about this place is the instructors. I have not been disappointed in a single class yet, and I go about 4-5 times a week. These people know their stuff and emphasize the importance of resting and making it "your" practice. I've gone to yoga classes in the past and have been ridiculed by the instructor or other students for not being as flexible or knowing the terminology and poses. That would never happen here. Even in a room full of crazy yogis, you never feel judged. Some of the instructors are even (with your consent, of course) hands-on, to help you further your stretch or make sure you're doing the pose correctly.If you've ever wanted to try hot yoga but were too scared, try this place. If you already love hot yoga, try this place. If you've done hot yoga and hated it, try this place. Noon classes and all day Saturday are $10. Do it!!!!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/29/2013,206,163,1,6,4>I don't understand the name...does this mean that it's Cuban fast food? Do I really care?? No, not really....because the food is darn good. :)The media noche hits the spot for me. I like ham, cheese and of course, when you press it between cuban sweet bread...it's the perfect way to hold together the salty ham, gooey, creamy cheese that has your mouth watering for more at every bite. *Note to self: Their potatoe balls are addicting. Their big, inexpensive, so you might as well just order one for each person you're with, (or two) so you don't have to share. Cuz you won't want to......and if you're polite like me, you have to force through your teeth the words, "It's ok, you should take the last bite" when you don't really mean it. It's a constant battle of which wins...being polite, or honest?? Not fair :) Plenty of pastry choices...I've had them all. My tip for everyone else, wait for the fresh ones to come out. I had a mix of older and newer ones and the ones sitting under the heat lamp were pretty dry.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/28/2013,148,339,,9,8>Cypress Grove Park boasts many amenities. There are open fields that can be used for a variety of functions, many picnic and barbecue areas, and a fun playground for the little ones. The main attraction seems to be the Estate House, a colonial-style home built in the 1920s that is often rented for weddings or other special occasions. While we were strolling along the lake behind the house, there were two groups scouting this location for their upcoming special event.The setting is indeed quite gorgeous and unexpected. Once you go through the entrance, you don't really feel like you're in Orlando the city, but rather an hour or so away. The park is very well-maintained with paved walkways going around the entire perimeter. The grass seemed freshly mowed and the park as a whole was as clean as it could be for being exposed to the elements.Leashed dogs are allowed, so we took our ever anxious dog here with us for our stroll. We ran into only two other dogs and not that many people considering it was a Sunday afternoon. There were certainly people, but with the vastness of the grounds, it didn't feel crowded at all.Definitely a park worth visiting numerous times.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/27/2013,359,280,3,7,3>Bakery plus serve donuts better than your grandma can make. It's just not fair to discover this place and constantly daydream about the donuts here. Before I even entered this shop I believed Dunkin Donuts had the best donuts in Orlando, now I am proven wrong. They hold the spot for mastering the perfect donut!Fresh, soft, wonderful fluffy donuts topped with thick flavorful frosting topped off with sprinkles. Or if that's not your cup of tea they also have bagels, donut holes, jelly filled powdered donuts, and coffee. It's a breakfast heaven if you just want a quick lil something something. Just ensure cash is in your pocket b4 stepping foot here or else you will be tortured to know they only take cash.My inner Homer Simpson adores these fluffy donuts and they only other place that can compete now is Krispy Kremes!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/26/2013,122,205,,12,2>I've been anticipating La Strada's opening for the past month after walking past this place countless times on my way to work.  It's finally open and I was able to stop in tonight on my way home to pick up some take-out for dinner.The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming.  Everything looked good so I wasn't sure what to pick for my dinner.  I asked for a recommendation for pasta and was told to get the Brooklyn Gravy...so I did.  It's macaroni with beef-veal-pork meatballs, fennel sausage, and shredded pork ribs with their "old fashioned Brooklyn tomato gravy."The noodles were perfectly cooked with a little bite to them (al dente).  The meatballs were delicious and moist, the fennel sausage was awesome, the pork ribs were tender and had a nice flavor and the sauce was really delicious.  The only con I have would be that the sauce is a little too runny and would like for it to stick to my noodles better, but it's still absolutely tasty!Along with their pasta dishes, they have pizza and salads as well and some other specialty items.  Their prices are right on target.  My dinner cost me around $8.00 and I have leftovers for tomorrow.  It's also a great place to have lunch for those of you who work in the downtown area.  It's quick service.  You order at one end of the counter, pay at the register and pick up your food at the other end and then sit down at a table or get your food to go.They also have weekly specials.  Today's happen to be pork meatloaf with tomato sauce and cheese on top.  They also have different soups every day.  They will be starting an email list to send out the weekly specials and soups for those interested, which is a great idea!I will definitely be going back and would recommend this place.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/9/2014,53,103,3,4,6>This review is for lunch... I have yet to check out Artisan's Table for dinner.Such a cute place!  You have the OPTION of ordering at the counter, but don't have to.  We opted to take a seat and take our time looking over the menu and enjoy the people watching (lots of window seats along Pine!)The food was excellent: I ordered a curried egg salad wrap that came with a side salad.. and it was all wonderful - the best part is you can eat a great lunch here for less than it costs to eat at Panera.The service was on point and our food came quickly and all orders were correct.. no complaints there.All in all, good food and good prices for lunch.  The only issue is that the dining room is very open... I could see noise being an issue if you came at a busy time and were hoping to have a business lunch.I would also not recommend it for groups larger than 4-6.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/8/2014,264,337,3,4,5>Great night and something different to do on the weekend.  Definitely worth the money too.  The fact that it's adults only is a huge plus and the food and drink (for purchase) don't hurt either.  My friend and I got there right at 8 and it was easy to check in.  We were handed a little map and were on our way to explore.  All of the hands on experiments and displays weren't too crowded so not much waiting for your turn.  How many times can you say you've played a huge version of Operation?  :)  The food and drink offered were surprisingly good.  The bbq chicken plate was thoroughly enjoyed by both of us.  While getting food we listened to some of the trivia and people were getting into it.  Headed up to the observatory and unfortunately it was cloudy both times we got up there but on a clear night I'm sure it's awesome.  Listened to astronaut Robert Crippen and it was fun to hear his experiences and thoughts of the shuttle program.   Wish we had more time to listen to the next speaker as well as wander the rest of the center.  Definitely think it's worth the $15 and everyone should check it out!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,10/7/2014,18,77,4,7,6>FINALLY!  This spot finds it's groove.   Devoured the scallops and crab cakes.  Say HI to Ryan - the scallops are not to be missed and he set us straight.  The husband is "meh" on those critters but he ate almost half my dish. Now, I LOVE a well done scallop and if you like them, you will be quite pleased.  Southern kick butt food, huge bar, and friendly staff.  A total win!   I've seen four incarnations of this place over the past 8 years and honestly, this is the best.   it was fairly busy, but service kept up and was very personable.   You go GIRL!  LOL  SPREAD THE WORD!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,10/6/2014,181,355,2,6,3>I've been back about 4 times since the first review. It's definitely 5 stars in my opinion. The Strand Burger is one of my favorite burgers in town. The Buttermilk chicken sandwich is heavenly! The staff are polite and attentive, and the owners are always in sight, working hard. This is now a regular lunch place for me.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/5/2014,136,98,4,4,4>Love Freshfield Farm.  They always have great, fresh and inexpensive produce items to load up on.  The Meat/Butcher side has some great cheeses too.  I go and stock up at least once a month if not more.The hardest part is trying to walk by the food window outside.  They serve quite a few items, including some great tasting smoothies and ice cream and turkey legs - every time I say I'm going to have one of the legs and then get sidetracked by the ice cream ;-)
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,10/4/2014,97,114,3,5,4>A great corner shop right on the cusp of Wall Street Plaza. I arrived prior to the USA vs Belgium game, and many of the surrounding restaurants weren't serving lunch or open for that matter! I wanted something savory, but healthy, and WMG not only hit the spot, but provided a meal with a great cost/value. What caught my eye about the venue was that all the windows open up to the street front, allowing diners to enjoy the benefits of dining al fresco with the safety of an overhang to keep them out of the elements. Parties of varying size can be accommodated, but be prepared to wait as items are assembled as they are ordered.I really enjoyed my Lamb Gyro platter which came on spiced rice (instead of a bread wrap) and for $10.89 included two sides. The fresh veggies and Grandma's Grape Leaves were perfectly matched for the summer heat. The combination was light and refreshing and as I enjoyed my meal with a beer, I felt like I was sitting in a cafe in Greece, instead of listening to the downtown, lunch rush traffic of Orlando. Water is also available from their sofa fountain at no additional charge, and they have lemon slices and to go lids, so you can take your hydration with you. Although I was given a service number card to place on my table, I didn't wait long at all. I could see that this place would easily get packed during the weekday lunch scramble as most of the other surrounding options are fast food. There was a decent crowd of folks on their lunch break which is always a testament to the speed and satisfaction with the service. Also, Mediterranean Food Novices rejoice! If you aren't too familiar with Greek food, the staff are more than willing to explain what is in each dish without feeling like you're an ignorant tourist. ;)
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,10/3/2014,49,71,1,6,6>Hands down, the best panini's in Central Florida. Period. Ive had my fair share of panini's at fast casual places and thought they were ok. To me this is what they should taste like. They have a very extensive menu. I was a bit overwhelmed at how many different panini's they could make. They all had a slight variation and awesome Italian names that can be difficult to say as a non Italian, but totally worth the humiliation as you butcher the name to the waitstaff. I cant remember the name of the one I had, but it looked well put together. It had Italian meats, thick slice of fresh mozzarella, pesto and balsamic glaze with Italian peppers. Its not just a deli, its also a market. You can buy stuff here too to make at home. Not my bag, but Im sure they have good stuff as the walls were lined with Italian grocery items. Come here for lunch one time and give them a try. You will change your view of what a panini should be.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,10/2/2014,83,182,3,6,5>My friend and I stopped by on a Saturday around 3pm. Not crowded, very relaxing atmosphere.1/2 price wine and some drinks during this time! I will have a red sangria please! The red sangria was the perfect mix with fresh fruit. Very refreshing. Tried the shrimp and crab dip. The dip was fantastic, the pita bread soft, yet crisp on the outside. Amazing. We also tried the trio of creme brule'. Oreo, Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal Raisin. Delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more of the dishes. Service was very pleasant and attentive! Thanks Corey!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/1/2014,103,180,5,10,11>I started off with a cider that was strawberry-lime flavored...yum!Then my friend and I each ordered a burger and split it.  She got the Pretzel which had house made beer mustard, lettuce and tomato, all on a pretzel bun with a side of their beer cheese sauce.  This burger was okay.  The beer cheese (sadly) wasn't my favorite.  I got The Elvis.  It had Banana-Peanut Butter spread, bacon and a hunk of burnin' love.  Until I just re-read this, I didn't remember the banana part because it didn't have a banana-y flavor.  But the peanut butter part...oh my goodness.  I wasn't sure how it would be on a burger but it was absolutely delicious!  It was the perfect combo.  I'd so get it again!And then the tator tots. I'm not a huge tator tot person, but the waitress recommended these over the fries. And I'm so glad she did!  They were perfectly crispy! And they have all these seasonings you could choose from.  I got the Parmesan Garlic.  I have been craving these tator tots again!  (although they have several other flavors I want to try too!  chive & onion, salt & vinegar, and I'm interested to know what the Hawaiian Raw Garlic one is). Then for dessert they had DEEP FRIED OREOS!!  I love deep fried oreos but can never find them.Yes, I really can't wait to go back to Oblivion Taproom!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,9/30/2014,20,305,2,4,3>The Back Room is long overdue proof that Apopka is ready for good, locally owned restaurants. The room is small but comfortable. We stopped late on a Sunday and were seated immediately. Dark wood paneling gives the room something of a typical steakhouse feel but on a small scale, and decorations are a classy nod to Apopka's history. I did not get to enjoy the exceptional beer list this trip due to some medicine that I am on this week, but I could tell that the diverse selection of local and US craft brews were picked with great care. There was a lot of Cigar City on the list, with a nice emphasis on their less common dark ales instead of their heavily marketed IPAs. Judging by the Rancilio Silvia espresso machine behind the counter and the Elektra Micro Casa a Leva on display near the restrooms, I am guessing that they are trying to do after dinner coffee properly on a small scale as well. You can tell a lot about small restaurants by their drink lists and coffee equipment. For starters, we had the chorizo sausage and goat cheese sliders. They were elegantly presented, and the sauce was excellent. Next up, I had the ribeye. Tender, juicy, and cooked a proper rare uniformly throughout but with a good sear. It was lightly seasoned, but that is all that a good steak needs. Very nicely prepared. I like a slightly less rich cut of beef typically, and I think that I will try the NY strip next time. The baked potato side had a slight salt and pepper crust to the skin and was simple but delicious. My wife had the salmon on risotto with asparagus, and I think it was even better than the steak. She is still raving about the sauce. For desert, we shared a very reasonably priced slice of chocolate ganache cake. Everything we ate ranged from good to excellent, and the service was friendly and attentive. While we were there, I witnessed one of the waitresses run out into the parking lot to catch a customer who forgot his leftovers before he pulled away. It's a simple act, but it's not the type of service that you would historically find in an Apopka restaurant. Count me in as a fan. The Back Room shows careful attention to the necessary details of good quality dining, and I hope it marks the first of a new generation of Apopka culinary options.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/26/2013,39,207,1,5,3>OBSESSED doesn't even begin to cover it. I first came here after a weekend in Miami, where I used to live. I wanted to find some comparable Cuban food in Orlando, and Zaza fits the bill exactly! This place is the jam. Not only was the vaca frita (crispy beef with caramelized onions) perfect and incredibly delicious, but the cheese pastelito was actually better than the one I got in Miami the day before! The café con leche with sugar was also great. All of this in a comfortable atmosphere and at reasonable prices. To say I was pleasantly surprised to find this in Orlando would be an understatement. If you love this place as much as I do, be sure to ask for a "lunch card" to get stamped. When you fill up your card you get $7.50 off your next meal!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/25/2013,85,232,3,3,4>Went in to purchase a gift for a friend's birthday in their Rail Road dept. . By gosh they actually had this unicorn of an idea too! They seem to have a pretty good representation of most RR scales, so there is a good chance you too will find what you need.  I've been a fan of this place for over 30 years when I purchased my first Futaba remote control aircraft transmitter from them in the late 70's. Man did that hobby had quite a run in my life!  Only 32 years, and I've been in CP&H  many times during that period. Always nice guys behind the counter in my experiences and rarely went away w/o a bag of goodies. Real good selection of plastic static modeling subjects too. Not sure how much % of the rent is paid by the two differing sides of this store (photo vs. hobbies) but its been good to know they seem to always be there.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/24/2013,111,174,2,3,4>So I'm really pleased that I can come back and update my review of red eye to this extreme. After my first review I actually heard from the owner and he apologized that we had had a bad experience, said that they were working on some of the issues I had mentioned and encouraged us to please come back and give them another try. Knowing that they are one of the few places around that occasionally offers beef ribs and seeing as these are Marty's favorite food ever, we decided that if the beef ribs were available we would go here for his birthday dinner and give the place another try. When I checked ahead of time to see if they would have beef ribs, Rob said they would, so we made reservations to celebrate Marty's b'day with some BBQ. I am so happy we did. The difference between the two experiences and the food that we were served was night and day.First off, you can find them now because their overhead sign actually says Red Eye Bar and Grill. Rob explained that the previous sign came with the space and he had to jump through many zoning and leasing hoops before he was granted the variances and permission for the new signage. It's a vast improvement.Once we got inside, this time with our reservation we were seated in the dining room area which was a much more comfortable seating arrangement. I will say that the booth we were in was elevated and required you to go up two steps to get into it. This can be slightly hazardous if you have short term memory issues (or too many glasses of the lovely house wine) and forget you have to step down as you exit the booth. I would suggest if you are making reservations and a member of your party has mobility issues, you may want to request one of the booths along the wall which are at floor level. But if you can handle the steps - the height of the booth allows you to converse across the bar and watch the action on the grill. The same musician, Matt the saxman, was playing last night as had been there the first time we went and this time the sound level and mix was perfect adding to the experience rather than becoming a deterrent to any and all conversation.Now for the food. It's hard to believe it all came out of the same kitchen as before. None of the issues we experienced then existed this time around. We started out with a bowl of the french onion soup which is made with a vegetable broth rather than beef making it lighter and brighter tasting than a typical crock of onion soup. The broth was well seasoned but not too salty. The onions were nicely caramelized and sweet, the croutons while soaking up the broth still kept their body and had a good chew and the cheese was sufficiently melty and stretchy. Marty's beef rib was perfectly cooked. Tender and moist, the meat fell off the bone and had a wonderful flavor even without sauce. Speaking of which the first time we dined here we were given three BBQ sauces to choose from, none of which was sweet, so I ended up mixing my own concoction using some of the honey glaze they use on the ribs that our server got for us from the kitchen in a little ramekin. This time there were five BBQ sauces - one was exactly what we had missed before - a sweet yet nicely spiced option. They also had an apple based sauce this time. I tried the pork rib and pulled pork combo platter. My ribs were also fall off the bone tender, basted with that yummy honey glaze I mentioned before. The pulled pork was not the least bit dried out. It was juicy and flavorful on it's own accord but a hit of that sweet BBQ sauce put it right over the top. We shared a baked potato that was tender and fluffy. The corn muffin was moist with sweet kernels of corn dotted throughout. And the vinegar based coleslaw with apples provided the perfect touch of acidity needed to counter the richness of the meats.As if all this food wasn't enough, at Rob's suggestion we opted to share the banana's foster dessert. It was a special occasion after all. It came to the table twinkling with birthday candle light under a golden dome of sugar. Part the clouds, clue the singing angels, this dessert was divine. We lifted the dome to reveal a pillow of puffed pastry (say that three times fast) resting on top of a buttery, caramelized banana covered scoop of ice cream. Despite our already filled bellies we dove into this thing like we hadn't eaten in weeks. Truly luscious. Marty said it was the best bananas foster he's ever had and he's had many.Hands down this was a flawless meal. The staff couldn't have been any more accommodating, the food was beyond good, and they made my husband's birthday something truly special. We are converts. ... and seriously Dudes, the bananas foster dessert is mind blowing!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/23/2013,203,96,1,9,2>I jumped on the TIffany bandwagon, all of my friends go to her and rave about what a fabulous job she does, so I had to check her skills out! I do get a little nervous, when it comes to having my haircut by anyone, so I brought along a friend to hold my hand. After checking in the receptionist offered us beer or wine, so I gladly excepted and enjoyed a brew while I waited. Once in Tiffany's chair we had a consult about what i wanted and visioned by hair to be like.  I requested to take off the dead ends with just a little extra, I wanted volume, and help with what should be done with my bangs. She talked with me about what i do daily with my hair and made me feel really comfortable about what she was going to do. Next up was probably my favorite part, hair wash and head massage! If I ever won the lottery I would hire someone to wash my hair like that girl did! It felt amazing!Tiffany cut my hair just like I asked, afterwards her assistant, who I was surprisingly impressed with, she asked me how I usually do my hair daily, whether if I used a brush or a just my hands and she did it just like I would at home with some important added tips for a better style, she really took the time to make sure I understood what she was doing so that I would be able to create the look again! They have such a wonderful knowledgeable staff!Cant wait for my hair to grow so I can pay them a visit again!I also received a phone call about a week later too and Tiffany was doing a follow up on my visit with her to see how my haircut was doing.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/22/2013,23,286,,4,4>I had a fabulous experience with Betsy.  I walked into the store not sure what I was looking for, and Betsy took good care of me.  In addition to spending about 45 minutes with me assessing my gait and offering different styles of sneaks, she demo'd a couple of stretches for my tight it band.  Prices for sneaks are reasonable considering the one-on-one, old-school style of shoe shopping you receive.They also offer loads of in-store and community events for young and old.  What a great asset Mills 50 has.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,8/21/2013,51,87,4,3,3>I was first made aware of Pio Pio by a work friend of mine who is from Colombia. We went for lunch one day and ever since I've gone back at least twice a month.Everything I've tried I liked but my absolute favorite is the grilled skirt steak with onions dinner. So much flavor in the skirt steak that it by itself would be worth the $13 they charge for the whole meal. The dinner also comes with rice and beans and a choice of platanos, maduros or yuca. I like the maduros.My wife, while being otherwise a saint and my favorite person on the planet is a notoriously picky and hard to please diner. She tried the food and much to my surprise and liking agreed that it was delicious and she would return. That's about the equivalent of a Michelin starIts kinda hidden on the south side of a plaza at the corner of Kirkman and International. The same plaza that currently holds Big Italy. You can park right next to the restaurant.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,8/20/2013,119,305,2,9,4>We celebrated my birthday here a few weeks ago and I so enjoyed this new restaurant find! We sat down at our table and immediately began to peruse the iPad menu. If you're totally opposed to this idea, you can ask for a paper menu, but the iPad is tons of fun! You can do everything on it from ordering food to paying for your meal, and it shows you the running total you've racked up along the way, so there are no surprises. I loved seeing pictures of all the menu items. My mom really enjoyed the iPad ordering system because it allowed us to set the pace of our meal. We ordered things a little at a time so that we weren't rushed or overwhelmed. The server was very sweet and helpful, and he was more than willing to help us with anything we desired. If you're not tech-savvy, your server will help you order anything you like!Now for the food: *Calamari Frites- Amazing! Crisp, delicious. Think really long, crispy sticks of calamari with a zesty, spicy aioli dipping sauce. Incredible. *Shrimp Ceviche - I ordered this as my main dish, but it's a great appetizer for the table! Succulent, juicy shrimp with avocado and peppers. Served with light, airy vegetable crisps to eat it on! Loved it.*Meatball Lollipop Pomodoro- We were huge fans of this one! Juicy meatballs served on sticks with flavorful tomato sauce. Two per plate. A great start to our meal.*Seared Ahi Tuna - Served with edamame hummus on veggie crisps. Awesome! They give you three. *Chocolate Lava Cake - Vanilla ice cream, chocolate oozing out of a delicious, moist chocolate cake. Perfect birthday dessert! My mom and her friend also shared the Tunisian Chicken with green beans and loved it. Definitely get over here and enjoy this place. It's fantastic and so much fun!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,8/19/2013,223,368,2,4,4>So I officially love this place.  It doesn't look like much when you enter - simple tables, no-frills decor.  But trust me on this one, give Taco Palenque a chance.I've been here three times, and I fall in love with it more each time.  Their tamales are TO DIE FOR - however, they don't have them all the time.  They make them a lot during the holiday season and you can order them by the dozen year-round.  The highlight of their menu is their homemade corn tortillas.  I'm not a big corn tortilla person... but these are AMAZING.  For under $2, you can get a taco on a corn tortilla with a selection of different meats.  I've tried them all, but the carne asada and the chorizo are the BEST.  They are quite small though - I usually eat about 3-4.Their salsa bar is also GREAT.  The tacos come with just the meat, so you need to "dress up" your taco with their salsas, sauces, etc.  Everything is fresh and delicious.  My personal fave = the cilantro/avocado sauce.The service is GREAT - we had a wonderful experience last time.  The best part = my meal (3 tacos) and a beer was $9!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/18/2013,114,199,3,3,2>We finally found our go-to sushi place! It's been 9 months living here and we had not found a sushi restaurant that warranted returning much less becoming a favorite...until we walked into Dragonfly !OMFG is the best way to summarize this place . From atmosphere to service to unique selections this place excels. But the quality of the sushi is amazing! It was better than some of favorite Vegas sushi spots.We started with the special Wa-gyu Beef served carpaccio style. I tried the muddled blueberry vodka cocktail. And we shared 3 rolls to which we requested brown rice for all! The lobster roll, Godzilla and mango tango. All three rolls were amazing but the Lobster Rolll was extra amazing...however it came with a $$$($18 for the roll).  Our tab was worth every penny!  I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,8/17/2013,21,154,2,4,2>After stopping in at Fancy Fruit and Produce, I decided to swing into Pan Pan Bakery and see what they offered.The locale is a small, but quaint. Two of the four walls have bakery cases loaded with tons of goodies. There is a pretty big selection of breads, ranging from milk bread, butter bread and specialty breads. They all looked fresh and really good.They also have some savory items such as empanadas, yucca, stuffed potato and many more.And of course, a limited, but what looked like a good selection of pastries that included turnovers and the ever so yummy, the reason for me entering, my Achilles heel of sweets (one of them anyway) ... the quesito. Yup, they had quesitos and that made me very happy!! They were very good, and actually a little larger than what I typically know them to be.Talking with the lady behind the counter she did mention that the amount of pastries they make is limited. So for instance, there were only 2 quesitos. Those were the only 2 made for the day; and the same applies to the rest of the items, not a great quantity is made. So if there was something you really want, and might want a higher than normal quantity, you need to call ahead to place and order. She said she only needs a 30-minute heads up, but I am assuming that is specifically for the quesitos.A nice little bakery, and I am sure I will be back to grab a quesito or something else sweet.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,5/29/2014,251,140,4,8,7>Woah I have driven by this bad boy a few hundred times and never given it a second glance until I smelled something amazing on my way out of target one day, it had to be NaraDeva, so I yelped them and discovered all the reviews! Bookmarked. A few weeks later we decided to go here, I literally live a mile away so I was really hoping it could be a go to spot. When you walk in, the decorations are the first thing you notice, they are so fun, you totally forget that you are sharing a shopping center with Ross, Target and Home Depot, more like you are transported to Thailand. We ordered the Beef Jerkey, the Basil Fried Rice and Crispy noodles. First off, the beef jerky isn't what you think it will be, but a fresh spin on it! How cool! The Basil friend rice says that it is spicy, and we got it "Medium" Spicy, but it was HOLY HELL MY MOUTH IS BREATHING FIRE. So from now on when there is a spicy symbol at this restaurant, I will trust it!I loved the crispy noodles, they were not spicy, although there was way too much sauce, I didn't know what to do with all of it, it was like a soup. Then we got mango sticky rice for desert. YUM! All the deserts looked absolutely amazing, and it was really hard to chose just one, but I love mango and they said it was in season, so I couldn't pass it up. We will be back!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/28/2014,26,34,,8,4>Saffron is a wonderful, cozy Indian restaurant located in Dr. Phillips on restaurant row. My boyfriend and I love to have date night here. It's not loud and noisy. It's a great little romantic spot to get some amazing Indian food. The servers and service are always top notch. The food is definitely authentic and worth the price. The portions are of a decent size so I would totally recommend splitting one entree and getting an appetizer... It's the only way to have room for dessert. I'm obsessed with everything lamb here from the kheema naan to the Korma! Never disappointing. Lunch is definitely a bargain and their sunday buffet is excellent. I love lunch because you get a bit of everything including dessert and you don't feel disgusting afterward. It's the perfect portion and sampling. They have a very good wine list, although I wish they had a few more by the glass options.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/27/2014,148,339,4,10,8>Molcajete. That's all you need to know. It is the name of their grilled veggie, spicy salsa that upon request, can be provided to you to accompany their fresh chips. Their regular salsa is pretty good as well, but thin in texture as another reviewer stated. I usually end up dousing whatever main course I order with the leftover Molcajete Salsa as well.They have great tacos, especially the chorizo, and great corn tortillas. They're on the smaller side, so if you're starving, get a few. Two with a side of rice is usually enough for me only because I tend to eat too much of the chips and salsa. Their Chicken Fajita Quesadilla and Flautas are really good, too. What's important is that they come with guacamole, and it is perfectly creamy and flavorful. Then, what's more important is that they come with THEIR SUPER DELICIOUS RICE! It's honestly the best Mexican rice I've had in a long, looooong time.The last time we were there, The Castillo Kids performed some mariachi-style songs, including mainstream ones, which made it even more fun. They also have other types of performances on a certain frequency, but we haven't had a chance to experience them, yet.We try not to focus on their over-achieving decor (it's like as though all that is tacky about Mexico threw up in there) because their food is so good. Service has also been good, but we've always only had Jerry (sp?), so we can't speak to the other servers.We can't wait to return to try more food because so far nothing has disappointed us. And I'm dreaming about the Molcajete salsa. Mmmmm.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,5/26/2014,164,132,3,6,4>Oh.My.Gosh. This place is pretty amazing, and am so happy I bounced in here with a friend recently.I was familiar with the location of Scratch, in the same space as the old Tatame lounge. Easy to find, although parking in this specific spot of Winter Park can sometimes pose a challenge. But once you get that figured out and head inside it's magic!Gotta say Scratch has a terrific selection of wine and beer, and while the food menu is somewhat limited the quality of the food is top notch. My dining partner and I tried a few things:- Bread and spread. Absolute heaven, including onion spread that will make your eyes roll (it may kill your chances of getting a little smooch at the end of the evening, though).- French Fries. Probably some of the best I've ever had. Seriously. So warm, fluffy (can french fries be fluffy?), and seasoned perfectly. Can't wait to go back.- Shrimp & grits. This gets a little dicey for me. The shrimp still have their heads on and I am NEVER a fan of this presentation. This isn't called-out on the menu and I wish I'd been notified in advance. Just a little forewarning....Fantastic atmosphere and the staff is really, really friendly (and quite attractive)! I'm definitely planning on this being on my list of places to frequent in Central Florida.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/25/2014,125,9,2,6,3>Eden Bar is a truly unique bar environment, even for Central Florida.  The entire bar is outside, albeit 75% of it is covered.  It is attached to one of Florida's most special locations, Enzian Theatre.  It has a great horseshoe wrap around bar, which has a gorgeous backdrop mural designed by the great animator, Bill Plympton.  If you want the busy, crowd vibe, seat yourself at the bar.  You'll bask in the vibe of regular patrons mixing with film fans, some of which are having a cocktail prior to taking in the new indie film and others having emerged from a recent screening, arguing over the film, while enjoying wine and the great ambiance.  Eden Bar does a great job of employing attentive and thorough servers and bartenders.  Many regulars become acquainted with certain bartenders, even playing favorites and making sure to visit during their favorite's regular shift, be it Danielle or Peter or whomever they fancy.  I always love a watering hole that has down to earth bartenders that not only sling great drinks but also provide great conversation.Several times a month, you can even catch an outdoor movie on Eden Bar's lawn, during their Wednesday Night Pitcher Show.  The film genres run from classic 80s comedies to gory horror films to over the top action films.  Every once in awhile, they host a Bad Movie Night, where they show a Craptastic film and invite the audience to hurl insults at the screen during the screening, ala Mystery Science Theater 3000.With all of these great comments, why does it only score a 4 instead of a 5?  There are a couple of reasons.  While Eden Bar is constantly providing a unique and changing lineup of craft cocktails, they are almost stagnant when it comes to their craft beer choices. Every once in a blue moon, they might get something different on draft or try out a new bottle choice or two, but typically their selection is always the same.  Some of their standards are fine(and I enjoy them), such as Dogfish 90 min, Terrapin Hopsecutioner and Bell's Two Hearted.  But if you are already doing business with said breweries, why not offer up some of their specialty and seasonal beers throughout the year?  Terrapin Hopzilla and Bell's Hopslam are two beers that frequently pack craft beer fans into whatever establishment is pouring them.  Dogfish is know for doing wild and crazy brews all the time, so maybe they could try out some of their unique suds every once in awhile.  And I don't know why they stopped pouring Cigar City altogether, but that is an area with a built in local cult following.  And they've got to address their prices for their beers.  Paying almost $8 for 20 oz of 90 min IPA or Two Hearted is ridiculous when you can go up the street to numerous establishments and pay $5 for the same amount.  The last thing that Eden Bar should take a serious look at: their Happy Hour times.  Currently their Happy Hour goes from 11am to 5pm.  Really?  A lot of Happy Hours don't even BEGIN until 5pm.  This is a big misstep on their part.  A 4 to 6pm or 5 to 7pm would not only be a lot more accessible to the after work crowd but they could also capitalize on patrons popping in for drink prior to the 6:30pm screenings.The bottom line is this: you get a great outdoor environment which is served by a charming wait staff and bartenders that know their way around mixing up cocktails.  You can have a heated discussion about the merits of a Malick film or the piss poor performance of the Orlando Magic as of late.  You might even catch an outdoor screening of a fun film like Dazed & Confused or The Texas Chainsaw massacre.  If you're a craft beer fan, expect to pay a little more for a limited selection.  With some of the recent closure of Tom & Jerry's and the opening of an Ale House within a 2 minute drive, you could fare much worse.  So pop into Eden Bar, order up a cocktail, strike up a conversation with your bartender and enjoy this little oasis in Maitland.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/24/2014,27,59,2,4,5>What a hidden gem! I came here last night with my boyfriend for their Tuesday $2 games. 4 games each and 2 shoe rentals came out to be about $22. Seriously, that's not a bad deal!I love how each lane gets their own small booth and table; you can chill and watch some sports on the giant TVs above the lanes while you play. We got some beer, chicken tenders, and the Irish chips. The food came out hot, it was good, and I have no complaints.I saved the best for last; our waitress was AMAZING! She was very attentive, yet, not overwhelming with her presence. She made our stay very comfortable.Will we be coming back here? HELL YES!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/23/2014,89,137,4,12,10>You know how when you've been somewhere once and it's amazing, then you go back again expecting another amazing experience and it doesn't live up to your expectations? Well you don't have to worry about Se7en bites, it does not disappoint!Both times I have gone, we ordered a few items for the table. It's impossible to settle on one thing, so give in and indulge. The savory bread pudding was amazing. The southern (biscuit with grits, bacon, fried egg and pimento), which is so filling it could feed the whole south side of town is the stuff dreams are made of. The biscuits are the perfect texture, not too heavy or doughy. Besides the food being wonderful, the staff is super friendly and make you feel at home. The owner, who bakes everything herself, even comes around to check on everyone.Great food in a friendly atmosphere... This is sure to become a local staple.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2014,5/22/2014,111,174,2,5,4>If you don't make your way into this plaza at Range Line and 434, you may not realize that this place has opened. That would be a shame since it is great to have a Vietnamese restaurant in this neck of the woods. Sometimes the urge for a nice bowl of pho isn't strong enough to warrant the trek all the way down to Colonial. Now we have a local option.We stopped in on a Sunday night and were the only customers so I hope the word spreads. We started with an appetizer of spring rolls. The wrapping was a bit chewy but the grilled pork filling was flavorful. When I asked about the beef stew pho I got conflicting descriptions. An older gentleman who had come by to check on us said basically pho is pho - the difference was in the cut of meat and the addition of carrots. Our server, who had to go to the kitchen to ask, came back with a different description of a different broth and flavor profile all together pointing to a picture in the menu with a much darker broth. Having had a dark broth at a different vietnamese restaurant that I didn't care for and without any other information (like actual ingredients in the broth) I opted to go with what I knew and ordered pho with rare steak. Marty got pho with steak and brisket. The soup came with the usual plate of garnishes, basil, bean sprouts, culantro (not cilantro), jalapeños and lime wedges - all of which were nice and fresh. The regular size was quite generous, we took half of it home. I can't imagine getting a large bowl. The meat in my soup came to the table totally cooked and was a bit tough, lacking the tenderness that I usually find you get by asking for the rare steak. But the broth was quite pleasant and flavorful. Would this be our favorite Vietnamese restaurant? No. That honor still belongs to one downtown. But when we want some Vietnamese food and don't feel like traveling that far will we go back to To Duc Pho? We sure will. We definitely want to try some of the other non-pho menu items too. I was disappointed to find that they don't offer banh mi at lunch time. One menu serves both lunch and dinner. Soda is served in the can.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/21/2014,48,178,3,7,6>Semoran Skateway is an absolute MUST experience at some point in your year's activities! This place has lots of scheduled events/music genres to please everyone. I happened along this place when my friends threw me a birthday party. They knew I really wanted to "taste" my youth again with roller skating. We surprisingly had a large turnout. Most of us had not skated in more than 20 years. People were happily entranced in the retro music (Saturdays from 7:30-10:30pm) and eventually rolled out on the floor. Lots of smiles, laughter and several falls later... I did not want to leave!Although I do not know the exact details of the party room rental: The staff were over the top on accommodating our every need! They were well organized. They checked on us frequently to confirm we were enjoying ourselves. The DJ also went out of his way to make us feel like an elite group! He asked if I wanted to be included with the other kid birthday announcements... I did, but my age may have been falsified (just a little). As we were leaving, the DJ was sure to knock on the glass wall and wave, as well as the other staff thanking of us for our presence. Our large group agreed that it was a memorable experience... and we MUST return soon!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/20/2014,107,17,5,12,8>Needless to say my trip to Lee and Rick's Oyster Bar is long overdue!  I decided to take my Dad to Lee and Rick's to celebrate his birthday with a bucket of oysters. When approaching the restaurant I was shocked to see how packed it was on a Wednesday evening, the parking lot was overflowing with cars!  We found a spot and made our way into the restaurant. The front of Lee and Rick's looks like an old fishing boat which I love because it's kitschy and so is the waiting area. It is complete with porthole windows that overlook the oyster bar, fishing nets and fish taxidermy. The process of securing a seat is a little confusing as there is no defined host or hostess on duty to take your name. I finally figured out who to talk to and then the wait began! We purchased a pitcher of Yuengling  to keep us company while waiting. It was $7.99 a pitcher which is a good deal. After waiting close to an hour we were seated at the oyster bar and greeted by our very friendly server/oyster shucker, Chip. We started with a bucket of oysters ($25.95 for about 27 oysters) then ordered the fried clam strips and flounder to share. The oysters were fantastic and it was really cool that they shuck them right in front you! The clam strips were also good but in the future I will avoid the flounder. Chip was very attentive and also kept us entertained during our dining experience.Flounder aside Lee and Rick's is a cool little place that we are lucky to have in Orlando. A perfect "dive bar" with awesome oyster's and fun waitstaff. I look forward to visiting again soon!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/26/2014,89,155,2,7,5>I love coming here for lunch! It's near the airport too so if you work in the offices in the surrounding area, then consider Shogun as an option.  First off,sushi lunch specials here are so reasonable. My go to lunch item is the 2 rolls for 6.99 combo. If you're feeling extra hungry then you can pay an extra 1.99 for a third roll. What I like specifically about their rolls is that there is more filling than rice for each roll. Nothing worse than taking a bite of a sushi roll and all you taste is rice! If sushi isn't your thing, then they also offer non-sushi items. Each lunch combo comes with either a soup or salad. The ginger dressing used for the salad is more creamy compared to other restaurants.Service is alright if you are patient with your server. I remember I once thought this particular server was rude, but over time I learned it was just a language barrier. Most of the time I come here for lunch, but I did make it out for dinner once. My group wanted a variety of items so we got a sushi boat, 1 hibachi dinner, and 1 tempura dinner. The sushi boat was fresh and definitely filling. The hibachi and tempura dishes were as expected so nothing out of the ordinary there. For those that love hibachi dinners, then make note of their early bird special. I believe it's 30 something for dinner for 2. My only gripe with the restaurant happened during the only time I went here for dinner. During the dinner service there were more chefs working the sushi bar. So, obviously breaks would be rotated among the staff members. My group was sat near the back by the kitchen. So anytime a chef went on a cigarette break,  I could smell cigarette smoke as I was staring at their no smoking sign. I get chefs need their outlet, but can they close the back door or stand 10 feet away from the restaurant as they smoke? Eating sashimi and smelling cigarette smoke does not make for a great experience.  Anyway, I hope this restaurant lasts because it's a great addition to the area!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,2/25/2014,107,17,,12,8>What can I say the new location and revamp on The Matador is fabulous!  The dark and rich décor is very inviting and chill which compliments their great craft cocktails.Their gin and tonic on tap is a go to beverage for me during our insanely hot Florida summer. Truly a great way to cool off! They have specialty cocktails available which switch up on a daily basis along with classics such as a Manhattan or Dark&Stormy.Beyond the bar area there are pool tables and various little seating arrangements for intimate conversation and hanging out. They always have on good music which I very much appreciate. I hate going into a great looking bar and then it's ruined by the crappy music.  Ivanhoe Village and it's surrounding areas are growing so much these days and The Matador is a great addition to this already cool neighborhood!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,2/24/2014,143,73,4,12,7>This place has become my favorite vietnamese restaurant. I enjoy the other viet restaurants on Colonial Dr but this one always has me coming back. Every time I've gone I've always had good service and the food's never been bad. Everything isn't too pricey and there's something on the menu for everyone. The restaurant itself is very clean and feels like new. Very spacious and has a few tables for large parties unlike some of the other restaurants.The pho is great. The broth is never too salty and always full of flavor. Some restaurants either put too much meat or too much noodles, they rarely ever balance out. This place probably comes the closest to having enough of both. I also love the bún bowls here! Last time I went I ordered the vermicelli noodles with charbroiled pork and spring rolls. It's not soup but it comes with this mixture of fish sauce and you mix it in! SO GOOD. Probably my favorite thing to order here when I want something besides soup.My brother has tried the rice platters here and he says his favorite is the one that comes with shredded pork and charbroiled pork. He always orders a sunny side-up egg along with it. I like it too but I like noodles more :)
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,2/23/2014,369,271,,6,3>Lake Davis Park is situated in the middle of THE most historic section of Orlando.  With Greenwood Cemetery and Honeymoon row all within walking distance this little lake works great as the epicenter for an amazing neighborhood. This is a great place to take a nice stroll or job with you pup.  There is usually an abundance of gorgeous waterfowl all around the lake and even the occasional otter playing near the shore.  The lake is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the city, some new but mostly older historic homes.  I would highly recommend a nice walk around the lake then strolling over to Mills Market for lunch.  You can always cap that off with a trip to Greenwood to explore some of our cities history first hand.  Overall this is an amazing jewel in the middle of our greatest neighborhood.  Do yourself a favor and check out the Lake Davis area and explore all it has to offer.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/22/2014,197,151,2,10,4>One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants Orlando! My family's been going to this little gem ever since I was a little girl and we can always rely on them for delicious food, fresh ingredients, and great service. My family usually starts out with some Summer Rolls (peanut sauce FTW) or Banh Beo. Those yummy steamed rice cakes are served in individual portions -- put a little of the sweet fish sauce in and eat in one bite. Mmm. They're slippery, but you just scoop it out and enjoy! If you're unsure, just ask your waiter how to enjoy this traditional dish.For entrees, you can never go wrong with a warm bowl of pho. The broth for all their famous soup dishes (pho, bun bo, hu tieu, etc.) is made from real bones and you can definitely tell from the rich flavor. I can always rely on them for a good bowl on a cold day. Any of their dishes is worth a try -- whether you're looking for Bun Thit Nuong (Rice Vermicelli), Com Dia (Rice Platter), Banh Mi (Vietnamese subs), or more! I'm getting hungry just thinking about them. Speaking of food, you can't eat without a good beverage on hand and my absolute favorite thing to drink at Vietnamese restaurants is Soda Chanh (Limeade Soda). It combines my love of limeade and my addiction to carbonated drinks. No refills, but definitely worth a try if you enjoy a tart drink. Service is lovely. They're always on hand if you have any questions about your food and they're super friendly. The atmosphere is nice -- casual and cozy. Space can be a little cramped, but not unpleasant, even when full. I would recommend coming in through the back way; the front entrance can get crowded pretty quickly.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,2/21/2014,243,268,4,10,6>Who doesn't love finding a mechanic they can really trust? Right?!? I really think (wish/hope/dream?) that I could make friends with a good and decent mechanic, lawyer and doctor. Don't we all? Found the mechanic, gotta work on the rest of the list.Anyhow, I came along this shop because I was looking for an oil change and to stop neglecting my poor, under-loved truck that I've been lacking on basic maintenance and more for the past 4866684 years. She has been over-driven and under-serviced. Who hasn't these days? She had a lot of issues. Again, who doesn't? The kind gentlemen at Superior took good care of my truck and explained to me every step of the way the whats- and why-fors. Even wrote down a very detailed, easy to understand explanation of everything of what needed work and what was repaired-not just an invoice/receipt. Very through. All services comes with a car wash. They pretty much detailed my shit. Guess that means I spent a ton of money (I did-totally worth every penny). Looks beautiful, too. Gleaming. =) I had the other men in my life go over the work that was done and all nodded approvingly, so, I guess that means Superior passed the test. They even have the world's sweetest/cutest shop dog, so, if you come by for visit, bring him a treat.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,2/18/2014,100,95,2,7,5>I can't believe that I've lived here for 13 years and have never been! I actually used to live a half a block away from this gem and never even realize it existed.  For shame!The Moonlight Stroll was a fascinating trip through Orlando's history.  So many think the city is only here because of Disney World.  That's false. Don is the manager at the cemetery and is filled with the most random knowledge that really keeps you interested.I learned so many interested things about Orlando history, race relations in the city and even just fun things about the cemetery itself.Did you know that the highest and lowest points with the Orlando city limits are both within the walls of the cemetery?Did you know this is the only cemetery in Orlando City limits? It's a beautiful cemetery and I bet even better during the day!I will definitely go back in daylight to check it out in more detail.  They do host a monthly moonlight tour but it does fill up fast.You should head during the day and look for Don - I'm sure he will gladly point out some of the cemetery highlights.  You can even follow him on Twitter - @orlandocemetery.We asked a little about cemetery etiquette.  Don had a great point....people make nice headstones to draw you in.  They want to be remember.  So come close and enjoy and learn!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/17/2014,30,18,,7,4>A friend of mine came up with the idea to try something different, and we visited Anna's last night and I couldn't recommend it any more highly!The food was terrific.  I had the Silesian dumplings with meat (Pyzy) with the mushroom sauce topping (you have a choice between that or a bacon crumble topping).  It was perfectly delicious, filling, and every flavor well balanced.  Honestly, I could see it becoming a comfort food for me.  Even though I'm a huge bacon fan, I think the mushroom sauce was easily the best choice for this dish.My buddy had the goulash, and the bite I stole of his was also delicious and perfectly flavored.  We split an appetizer order of pierogis too, which I highly recommend.  The caramelized onions were delicious and each flavor was great!This is a tiny place, hidden in a strip mall, and easily missed (I've been driving by and missing it for years).  There's probably room for no more than 40-50 people at a time.    However, it is clean, and has a very simple and pleasurable atmosphere the moment you get inside.  This is not a high end dining experience, but more of a place where family and friends go to meet.  The service was spot on, and one of the first times in recent memory I had my water refilled twice before I had even gotten halfway done with the glass.  Finally, the price was perfect.  Appetizer, bread, two entrees, and two polish beers: $35 + tip.  How do you go wrong with that?
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/16/2014,87,87,,10,5>This is one of Orlando's best hidden spots!  Seriously, part of the fun in going out to Pharmacy is watching people's surprised faces as they open the disguised door for the first time and see what lies behind it.  The speakeasy theme is tastefully paid homage throughout the cocktail menu and décor.  It is not a very large restaurant and the bar only has about six seats but this lends to a very personal experience with some of the best service I've ever had.  Our server was very attentive without being over bearing and had great recommendations for each course, as well as a drink to pair.  All of the drink and food ingredients are made in house, down to their ketchup.  Even though every plate going by our table looked amazing, I have gone back twice and ordered the same thing because it was just so delicious.  I had the bone marrow appetizer and I was a little skeptical trying this for the first time but I could not have enough of it!  The marrow melted in your mouth and was cooked in a delicious butter and olive oil sauce and was served with sourdough crostini.  On our second visit we also ordered the "appetizer" of fries, which could hardly be classified as so, as it comes in an actual bucket and are so delicious you will be tempted to finish them all.  For the entrée there are only a few options and the kitchen often runs out of one or two, but the plates offered cover a variety of tastes.  Both times I have ordered the hanger steak which came cooked to perfection and is topped with chimichurri sauce and served with avocado and quinoa on the side.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,2/15/2014,59,191,4,6,5>My husband put together a birthday party for me on Friday night for a group of 15.  I chose this place because I knew it was fun and had a good value. To my surprise they were extremely accommodating from start to finish. So many restaurants in the area give you a hard time about booking large parties, or will allow you to book and then hassle or neglect you once you're there. That is the farthest from Oblivion. From the time we called to make the reservation until the time the last guest filled out their bill receipt, we were taken care of from top to bottom with a smile. The table was ready and set up when we arrived 15 minutes early, and our servers were on top of the food and drink orders the whole time. We had guests who were running almost an hour late, and they were so patient with allowing us to wait for everyone to put food orders in. We even had servers that weren't assigned to our table helping take photos and making sure everyone had a seat.There are two reasons I am giving only 4 stars instead of 5. #1 - they only have craft beer. My dad is a very low key beer drinker, he only drinks Bud Light or Busch. They only had craft beer, no Bud Light even. He was not able to get an enjoyable beer that he felt comfortable paying for. I feel that if you are a beer and wine only bar, you need to have options for all clientele, even the old standards. Otherwise you are alienating customers.#2 - the food was amazing, and I ordered the pork rolls sandwich - it was almost like a thick cut slice of ham with cheese wiz and fried egg on a buttered roll, it was insanely delicious, but so salty I could only eat 2 bites. Each individual component of that sandwich was super salty naturally, maybe they needed to cut back on the salt in the cheese wiz or use unsalted butter, it was just way over kill and hard to eat, even though it was so sinfully tasty.Friends of mine who had never been here were definitely impressed, and the general consensus is that this place is a giant man cave with man food - in the most positive way.I will definitely be back, I'll just probably try something a little lighter on the menu. Great place to hang with friends for some drinks, bar food, darts and pool.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,9/22/2012,60,246,2,8,5>My husband and I had gone to dinner at Friendly Confines on Friday, and noticed this new restaurant with a funny name.  I started pronouncing it outloud..."hotto potto" and started squealing!  OMG can it be a Shabu Shabu restaurant, in Florida?  We drove bye and took peek through the window, and were excited when we saw the hot pots at the center of the tables!  My husband and I both lived at some point in different parts of Asia (he in Japan, and I in Korea), and really enjoyed the Shabu Shabu or hot pot restaurants you'd find abroad.  So we decided that we needed to go try it out the following day!  I am really happy we did.If you've never had shabu shabu here's how it works...You and your friends are seated at a table with multiple induction cooktops.  You decide what type of broth or broths (each person can choose their own) you would like to cook with.  The pots that these restaurants are divided in the middle so you can separate indgredients, and the broth they are cooked in.  You can choose a meat based broth or a vegetarian broth.  Then you choose a combination of the meats, veggies, noodles, and dumplings you would like to cook in the broth.  The broth has a base price of 3.50$, and most of the other items are in the 2-3$ range, excluding specialty items like lamb/lobster etc.For about 30$ My husband I ordered the meat based broth (we asked for medium spicy...but when we got our check we realized they had given use the extra spicy level), sliced beef, shrimp, sliced pork, beef meatballs, udon noodles, two orders of the chive dumplings, and bok choy.  I recommend just ordering 2 items per person, and requesting more as you go if you're still hungry.Our only issue with our experience at HP was the service.  This was their first week of being open, and the waitstaff was forgetting orders, didn't expalin our sauces, and was taking forever to come to our table with refills for our drinks, and to even ask if we wanted our check.  Also, they need to provide some tongs that you can use just for the raw meat as we kept having to ask for chopsticks everytime we got a fresh plate of meat so that we could place the meat in the pot without splashing ourselves with the hot broth.Once they get the service issue resolved this place will be 5 star for sure!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,9/21/2012,108,251,5,5,3>BART = Bar + Arcade + Art gallery. The whole bar + art gallery thing isn't a new concept but the arcade part is a nice twist :) I checked this place out last night and it was a packed house, with two very busy bartenders serving up beer and wine. Didn't peruse the wine menu but they have a good selection of beers, including a couple varieties of my fav Hitachino Nest. (Yes, hipsters, there is also PBR.) The games - arcade-style, think Ms. Pac-Man & Galaga, not pinball - are free right now which unsurprisingly resulted in higher demand than supply. Decent music selections (mostly 80s, e.g., Pet Shop Boys) and they also have a TV on which thematically consistent movies were being shown - Star Wars, Tron. Yes, the original Tron, not that stupid remake, so props for that. But, I digress. Solid addition to Mills50 - check it out!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,9/20/2012,38,110,1,6,3>Ever since my first food truck bazaar i have been obsessed with this food truck! i absolutely love love love her chicken and waffles. I got just the regular chicken and waffles, no toppings or gravy. And plenty of syrup! The waffle was light and fluffy, the chicken was fresh, juicy and flavorful. The combination of the sweet waffle and syrup with the spices and saltiness of the chicken was just awesome!I absolutely love the food, and I will travel to this truck where ever they are!Tip: follow them on twitter for locations
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,9/19/2012,36,39,,8,3>We had a wonder experience at B3 this past weekend. Everyone there was nice and the food was wonderful and fresh. They gave us no problem holding the turkey on just half of The Tour of California sandwich which had hummus so I could still have protein while ordering vegetarian. The sandwich was nice and well rounded in flavor, perfectly crunchy with lettuce and sprouts, and the bread was deliciously soft and fresh. The Duathlon with the Olive plate and the Cheese plate was a ton of food and a great combination. If we wouldn't have been on our way to an activity a glass of wine would have been the only thing to make it better. The combination of the plates gave us four cheeses, hummus, olives, crackers, and some fruit including grapes. The cheese included feta, a smoked gouda, a hard potent cheese, and a softer mild cheese, the olives were mild and had been marinated, and the hummus was the best I've had in a cafe ever.I will return and I can't wait to try one of their vegetarian soups.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,9/18/2012,78,115,,17,4>I'm sold.  Great food, great service, and a great addition to the burgeoning Peruvian restaurant scene.  So watch out other Peruvian places, this place ascends to the top after only two weeks out of the gate.There were 3 of us and we ordered the Lima 41 meal, which is basically a whole chicken, salad, plantains, frijoles, and a stir fried rice type dish with beef.Chicken - Rotisserie like you would expect, but it stood above the crowd in my book. The skin was delicious and not over salted.  The meat was not dry and the whole thing had a very pleasant smoke flavor to it that was not overpowering.  Salad  -   Not much to report here, but I love that avocados were in place.Plantains  -  Good, but I hope they offer tostones in the future.Frijoles  -  Delicious.Rice  -   LOVED this stir fry.  It was so savory with somewhat complex flavors.  The beef in it was delicious.   This could stand as a dish on its own and it very well might but I don't have a menu to verify.This meal in itself was WAY more than the 3 of us could ever need, which made the random ordering of shrimp causa just excess.  The causa itself was fine, but I think that the shrimp didn't add much to it....best to stick with tuna, which my friend had there the night before and loved.So the Lima 41 meal is the way to go, not only for its plentitude, but a mix of their items, and the price can't be beat....$28.  I couldn't eat another bite and when offered a dessert of cookies, I was somewhat unsure what was being offered until the magic words:  dulce de leche.   Yum.The menu is not large, but that's a good thing, especially for a new restaurant.  I have a feeling this place will be around for a while and that makes me happy.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,9/17/2012,1136,916,3,5,3>Hooka bar in the Dr. Phillips area located with a lot of business so finding it was a bit of a problem since all the business look the same. This is a pretty nice place with hookas and alcoholic beverages, good place to come with friends and have a good time. Prices are not to bad you can get a hooka for 3 people for about $20-$25 bucks and they also have imported beers or domestic. The place was not packed but had a few people and then a pretty big group of people came in but was gone quick, seems like this place is popular but it has only been around for a couple of months and from talking to one of the employees there they had just added furniture and done some remodeling inside to make it look better that same day.The staff was very friendly and was always making sure we were taken care of , and also the hooka was delicious. If you get a hooka I recommend the blue blitz witch is watch we got ( party 0f 3) and it last for ever. Beer choice, I had red stripe witch is a Jamaican native beer and it was good and not overly expensive. Try this place out if you are near the Dr.Phillips area, I highly recommend it.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,9/16/2012,151,345,,4,3>This is such a gem of a place! Total mom and pop. I've had their stuffed cabbage and kielbasa (sausage on hoagie) both were delicious! I would definitely come back and try their other dishes! You can feel the family love that goes into their cooking! Service was a bit slow. I think they were short on staff so the owner (the mom) and her son was stuck serving tables. She did admit she shouldn't be in front of the house and rather be in the back, cause she makes the food! And the food is delicious!! You must come try if you never had polish food.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,9/15/2012,59,53,2,3,2>My husband and I used Sweet! By Good Golly Miss Holly for our Lake Mary wedding and the cupcakes we had were a huge hit with the guests.  I loved how they could customize your cupcakes and you can pick a variety of flavors so your guests don't get bored with just one flavor like regular wedding cakes.  They delivered and set up the display wonderfully and were prompt.  The mini cupcakes are an amazing find.  If you are craving something sweet but don't want a whole one, the minis are for you! They also have frozen yogurt here which is quite good.  Having moved from LA, I was missing Pinkberry, but I have found an appropriate substitute with the Original flavor. I just wish they had real chopped mangos instead of the mango boba.  Everytime I have been in here, they are busy and the inside tables are full. There is usually a line.  Service is quick, efficient and friendly.  I highly recommend Sweet! for any sort of special occasions including weddings.  Your guests will love you for it!!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,9/14/2012,42,94,,4,3>We were craving Japanese and we decided to try Mikado because it was close by.  Excellent sushi, I had sashimi (tai, kona kampachi, conch, tako) all were very fresh and tasted great. I also had the Drama Queen roll and their Spider roll. All tasted great, although I think I would have liked a little less sriracha on the Drama Queen as it took away flavor from the fresh fish and jalapeno on top. My wife got the green ginger salad which she liked, as well as the vegetable tempura appetizer which was prepared like a pro. The tempura was one of the best I've had as it had the perfect crispiness to it and wasn't heavily battered.  She also got the veggie roll which she liked but there was something in the roll she didn't like (we thought it was seaweed).  We will definitely be back, but next time she will try the A.A.C roll.   Service was awesome, i never had to ask for anything and she was very attentive. Can't wait to come back and try some of their different rolls.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,9/13/2012,293,472,3,6,8>Went for a private party where we rented out the back room called the Napoleon Room. It fits 12-20 people and had a TV in it and music playing on the speakers, the room also had great decor and art.Service was outstanding.Since we had a decent sized group of about 15 our host ordered an array of appetizers for us all to sample. Alligator & shrimp "cheesecake", onion rings, fried pickle slices, French bread, shrimp in a hearty sauce. All these were quite good, I personally liked the huge onion rings with the Remoulade sauce. Many others raved about the cheesecake which despite it's name is not a dessert at all but more like a loaf or casserole. Only bad thing was the cheesecake was kinda hard to slice up and split with people, I personally thought it was good but not great, though most everyone else loved it.Our server wisely kept the drinks flowing, they had a wide variety of cocktails: Hurricanes, Sazerac, Mint Juleps, and beers served in large heavy chilled thick glass goblets. While drinking my Abita Turbodog, I felt like a medieval king because of the goblet I was drinking it out of.For my main course I ordered the shrimp and grits with Andouille and caramelized onions. I love grits but most places don't know how to make them. Tibbys sure does! This dish was spectacular, tons of rich flavor, it had a dark broth pooled around the edges which had a great rich flavor. The Andouille were finely diced and the onions were cooked until soft and glistening but not darkened. Onions which are typically the strongest flavor of a dish were a nice mild light bite which complemented the other bold flavors if the sauce, grits and sausage. The grits were thick and well flavored with cheese. I was very impressed with this dish.Sautéed shrimp, andouille sausage & sweet onions over cheese grits & finishedwith a red wine gravy.We finished off with Beignets, piled with powdered sugar they were large and pretty good, I had to specifically ask for chicory coffee, which our server should have suggested, but it was the middle of the day so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt. I must have chicory coffee to dip my begets in and stir in some of the excess powdered sugar. Make sure you don't laugh or breath too heavy while eating your Beignets or you may end up looking like Tony Montana with white powder all over your face.I can't wait to return to Tibby's and try the gumbo, po boys, crawfish pie and everything.tibbysneworleanskitchen.…
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,12/30/2009,20,41,3,2,4>If and when I get around to building my robot army, THIS is where I will go for parts.I can't go here without spending a minimum of an hour just diggin around and marveling at all the stuff they have stashed away. My first real reason to try Skycraft was hunting tubes for an old guitar head that I used to mess with but I soon realised they had things that I didn't know I NEEDED. If you can't find it at Home Depot, chances are they have a bucket full at Skycraft.A previous review mentioned the grumpy ladies at the registers and how mean spirited they were. Well, for me...that is a plus and I actually prefer it to the sickly sweet ass kissing that is often misconstrued for customer service in the world today.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,12/29/2009,68,199,,4,4>I found this place by accident when running errands and am glad I found it-- what a great shop! There's a wide variety of costumes, accessories, and supplies for people who do theatrical, cosplay, or other work that requires somewhat accurate and good-looking notions. We also got great leads on where to get corsets made locally, as their current stock didn't quite meet my needs. I'll definitely be going back again when I need more props, wigs and hats, as the prices are decent and I got great service from everyone there.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,12/28/2009,2,12,2,4,2>I went with a bunch of girls after attending a passions party. We went pretty late at night, I was surprised to see that they were no creeping people lurking around. The store is huge and well stocked. It's very professional set up and not sleazy. Their lingerie collection is decently priced. The employees are really helpful and don't make you feel awkward at all. Some of things you can find cheaper online, so do your research.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,12/27/2009,27,38,3,9,5>In a previous review I was bemoaning the fact that there just didn't seem to be a worthwhile Italian restaurant in Orlando. Every time my wife and I would go to one we'd get pasta that wasn't well cooked, sauces that seem to be doctored straight from the food service can, and just a lack of general knowledge of what Italian food should taste like.Imagine my surprise when we went to Louie and Maria's and had some of the best Italian food I've have in Orlando.What's funny is I was introduced to their exceptional Chicken Caprese while we where at a friend's house of their child's birthday party.  They had brought a couple of catering-sized trays of food and some pizzas from Louie and Maria's and my wife and I were blown away. I looked at her and said, "Is.. Is that actually seasoning in the sauce?  Real honest to goodness basil in there?"  I swear I was gonna scream for joy.After thoroughly enjoying their catered food, we went to the actual restaurant and I was not dissapointed in the least.  The excellent sauce carried their Chicken Parmigiana but the Caprese was a lot better.  Their cooks know how to cook chicken; keeping it from being rubbery and without pounding it as flat as a tortilla either.All in all, an excellent dining experience at a great example of what an independent Italian restaurant should be. If you're looking for great Italian food, go here.  You will be glad you did.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,12/26/2009,15,7,3,4,3>I was born and raised in PA and moved down to Florida at 18. I must say that this is the most authentic Philly cheese steak I have found outside of Philly itself. They use Amoroso rolls and great chopped steak, just like Geno's. They serve a true philly with meat, onions and cheese whiz. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a taste of Philly way down here in Orlando, or to anyone just looking for a great steak sandwich. I would also recommend ordering a real Philly (obviously) or a pizza steak, which is also excellent.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,12/25/2009,13,45,,3,3>This place is exactly what a diner should be. The food is cheap and delicious. It doesn't look so pretty from the outside, but it's actually surprisingly nice inside.Their cash-only policy was a little inconvenient, but I happened to have enough cash on me. The service was quick and friendly. I would definitely eat here again.Greasy spoon ftw!!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2009,12/24/2009,111,174,,4,3>This is a little Colombian bakery right on the corner of 17-92 and  434. I have had a curiosity about Pan Pan's for a long time so the other day we finally went in. The first thing we noticed was how wonderful it smelled, sweet and doughy and yeasty. YUM! The woman behind the counter was very patient and helped us navigate all the unfamiliar breads and pastries lining their cases. We chose three items to try. First an almojabana - which is a cheese ball. When we made that selection she turned from the case and opted to take one fresh off the rack behind the counter, still warm from the oven. We had hardly closed the door on the car before I split it in two so we could taste it. The outside was crusty while the inside was light and soft and almost spongy in its consistency. The cheese flavor was prominent and very enjoyable. The second item we chose was a donut like pastry that had a layer of custard cream in the middle. Marty and I split that one for dessert tonight. It was also quite good. The custard was light and creamy and the pastry was pleasant. It had substance without being leaden with a good balance of yeastiness and airiness. Our third pick was a cheese and guava filled sweet bread. I had this treat for breakfast the next morning. I was surprised to discover that the cheese inside was a piece of mozzarella but it worked well with the guava. I look forward to trying some of the other treats found in their bakery cases in the future.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,12/23/2009,3,5,1,5,3>I am always on the lookout for good, authentic Mexican, and this delightful place came highly recommended by a neighbor. We headed there early on a Thursday night, and found ourselves to be the only patrons. We were warmly welcomed by the chef/owner, Rico, who even came over to talk us through the menu and help us make our choices. We settled on the Tostones, followed by the Chicken Tinga Sope, and the Pork Mofongo with Yuca. Meanwhile, two more tables had been filled and their bottles of wine were being opened courteously by Rico for his patrons (byob - no cork fee). The tostones, while delicious, were slightly over done - on the darker side. The mojo was outrageously garlicky, which I loved at first, but the garlic became slightly overpowering and seriously stayed with me for days!The sope arrived next and was heavenly. The handmade corn tortilla was crisp that gave way to a pillow of corn masa. The tinga was perfectly moist, with a fresh garnish of lettuce, tomatoes, crema and tomatillo salsa. All in all - the perfect representation of a sope.The mofongo was again, deliciously moist and tender. The yuca was a nice vessel to soak up the broth. My husband thought it a tad too salty, while it didn't bother me. This place is a gem, and with such a friendly atmosphere, kind and talented chefs/owners we will definitely be back for more.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,12/22/2009,226,115,1,4,3>The service is good, the staff is friendly and if you work downtown, the location is central and within a comfortable walking distance of most of the large office buildings in the area.Breakfast is served ALL DAY which I love, but my favorite item is the Black & Bleu burger. OMG, so delicious! The Cobb Salad is great too. The menu is pretty much the same as "First Watch" with different names on the items.The old owners sold the downtown store and opened Maitland Breakfast Club. Excellent!Atmosphere ... Very old-school, diner-like. Clean. You can see into the kitchen & not shudder as a result.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,12/21/2009,17,31,,5,4>Excellent addition to the Orlando food scene.  Well-spiced Turkish cuisine and a good variety thereof.  Small, with ~10 indoor tables and another three or four outside.  Bistro-style decor.Anatolia wasn't too busy when we visited, owing to its recent opening, no doubt.  Service was attentive and friendly, but not overbearing.  Of note, our server directed us to a new Turkish grocer when we told him our previous one had closed down.The kebabs are very tasty, and the kitchen is happy to handle any special requests (extra spicy, yogurt-style, mix-and-match, etc.).  We didn't have the opportunity to try many of the appetizers, though the hummus was first-rate.Finally, it would be hard to review Anatolia without comparing it to Orlando's other Turkish restaurant, Bosphorus.  Anatolia's location isn't quite as good, obviously, but the food is easily Bosphorus' equal.Anatolia, however, is significantly less expensive (which is good, as Bosphorus is notoriously overpriced), and features almost its entire menu during lunch.  Finally, addressing one of my pet peeves about Bosphorus, Anatolia's table service includes bread, with lavas being an additional cost, rather than an all-or-nothing proposition as is at the former.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,6/4/2013,556,227,5,9,5>Rude hostesses, yummy food, and swanky decor sums up my experience at Shari Sushi Lounge in Downtown Orlando. A friend and I walked up to the door all smiles and laughs and said hello to the two hostesses on duty. Yeah. No.... Crickets. They stared at us through caked on makeup like we were girls from the cross-town middle school trying to date their football players. Seriously? Grow a personality and give me a break! We just need a table for two. Moving on. We were seated upstairs in a super cozy booth with black tablecloths and oval shaped benches. Our server, Will, came over immediately and I was a little worried we were going to have a repeat of the hostess situation when I got an eye-roll for just ordering water. Luckily he warmed up to us pretty quickly and actually ended up being a great server who offered up some on-point recommendations. We started with the Gyoza, which are fried pork dumplings. They were honestly perfect. I hate soggy, fatty dumplings, and these were crisp and light -- just what I want from a small appetizer. Next we each did a Miso Soup. Cool points for presentation with a two-piece enclosed shell of a bowl that you open yourself. The soup itself was good, but nothing special. Lots of shittake mushrooms which I liked! Third came the Crab and Avocado Salad, which was also presented nicely in stack form. The flavors in this one were fresh and light, but overall it was my least favorite dish. There just wasn't much to it. Maybe a little lemon or lime would add an extra punch. For sushi we split the Shari Roll, which was a shrimp tempura roll topped with fresh salmon. It was tasty and something I'd absolutely order again. Always tempted by the dessert menu, we had to try to Chef's Featured Bread Pudding...especially after I saw it was made with King's Hawaiian Sweet Rolls which are one of my all-time favorite breads! (That's a long list for another time.) It came out in no time and looked sinful.Chocolate chips were embedded into the melty, gooey bread and paired with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Again, not reinventing the wheel, but it certainly hit the sweet spot. All in all, I had a good experience and will go back. Next time I'll dress a little nicer because the environment definitely puts you in the mood to hang out and have a few cocktails. The food was worth coming back for as well, not to mention a great location in the heart of downtown O-town.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/3/2013,214,58,4,6,10>Best burger in Orlando!Best fish tacos in Orlando!Best french onion soup in Orlando!Best fried shrimp in Orlando!  Best chicken caprese salad in Orlando! Best prime rib on Fridays in Orlando!Best crab cake in Orlando!Best lettuce wraps in Orlando!Best mud pie in Orlando!Best outdoor dining in Orlando!Best bar staff in Orlando!Best.... well I think you get the point, everything about the Tap Room is awesome!The Tap Room is my favorite restaurant in town.  The service is always great and the food is hot and fresh.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/2/2013,131,243,2,10,3>My wife came here for acupuncture after she hurt herself on the ski slope.  There's parking either out front or at the back.  The store "fronts" the practice for a Chinese female doctor/acupuncturist, who I'm guessing is from Taiwan.  The place smelled like the inside an herbal medicine urn with the lid closed when you walk in.  Depending on your preference, you would either gag, or, find it mildly soothing (like I did).  Most of their merchandise would only be familiar to the Asian community, although there were a few supplements that are more widely used.  Prices that I did check were either in line or a touch higher than, say, in a Chinese super market.  As for the practice, they had a regular flow of victims... I mean PATIENTS ... on a Saturday afternoon.  My wife took pictures on her phone of steel needles sticking out of her knees, and ever so slightly complained that the doctor did not really explain to her what she was doing, or ask for permission, let alone talk turkey.  Important thing is that she proclaimed the $60 treatment effective.  Hey - if she's happy, I'M happy!p.s. If your insurance allow acupuncture claims, don't forget to ask, as I think they accept insurance.  We found out AFTER paying.  Next time...
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/1/2013,119,305,,6,3>My review is for the fantastic brunch they serve on Sundays! My mom treated us to this lovely brunch a few weeks ago and it was amazing. They have just about everything you can possibly imagine. The tables full of food encircle an entire room, and that isn't all they offer! You can also order items off of a small menu provided to you at your table, and those items are included in the price. We ordered some crab cakes off of that menu, which were completely delicious! The brunch buffet offers everything from fruit and cheese, to typical breakfast items like waffles, eggs, bacon, etc, to seafood, to desserts! The fruit and cheese selection was excellent. I loved the fresh peel and eat shrimp, and the desserts were incredible! You can also have prime rib, made to order omelets and waffles. Overall, this is the best brunch place I've experienced in the area!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,5/31/2013,51,87,3,8,5>I eat a lot of fish. I also get tired of the same selection at the big groceries stores. If you didn't know any better you would think tilapia and Salmon were the only fish in existence.  Not at this place. My wife and I stopped in on Saturday and walked out with two ginormous tuna steaks, a pound of shrimp and some bay scallops for a little over $60 and yes, it is awesome.  I noticed when were fish shopping they had sandwiches and soups. Monday I was in the area and stopped in for lunch. I got the clam po boy that came with fries and hush puppies. I'm not exaggerating when I say it literally melted my face. Well not literally but it was really good.  I am currently in the process of becoming a regular.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,5/30/2013,85,124,,3,2>Lots of lengthy reviews and opinions about this new place. So I will keep mine short.Decor is upscale and well done.  The out door patio area is nice offering both bar and non bar seating. Even though it is on a road, you don't really notice the sound. Food is upscale bar cuisine with burgers, salads and sandwiches offered. They also have some more upscale items like double cut pork chops and really good meatloaf.  Good beer on tap and mixed drinks. The wine list by the bottle is good, but they would do better to have a more sophisticated selection by the glass.Staff is friendly and accommodating each of the 4 times I have been there. This is a welcome dining addition to an area that has lacked options for a number of years and I look forward to their continued improvement as they gain more experience.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/29/2013,59,191,3,5,4>I have tried oysters two or three times before in my life at other locations, and each time found them to be disgusting resembling slimy cooked boogers. I've had them steamed, Rockefeller and fried, all ending in the same slimy salty boogery dissatisfaction.Recently I have been reading a lot of reviews on Victorio's, which I've been to a hundred times, but never tried their oysters. Anyone who has reviewed their oyster bar has raved about how amazing and delicious it is. I am a huge fan of common sea food (crab, lobster, fish, shrimp, nothing too creepy crawly), and got a wild hare in me and wanted to give Vicotrio's oyster bar a try.My husband and I sat at the oyster bar last night for the very first time. The buckets were running around $26 each. I am in an adventurous spirit, but don't want to waste $26 if I decide after the first bite they officially are not for me. I went with the steamed dozen from their appetizer menu, about $10. This is probably common, but I'm new to the game; they give you hot sauce, horseradish, fresh lemon wedges, cocktail sauce and melted butter for condiments. Also baskets of saltine crackers are available.The waiter shucked them for me right at the bar and laid them out on the bar top that they cover with paper when you sit down. I am officially hooked! They were delicious, steamed to perfection, not slimy, no resemblance to boogers at all! After experimenting with the various condiments, I conclude that I like them with a squeeze of lemon juice and a cocktail sauce, and that is it. Can't wait to go back and get a whole bucket.My husband, not as adventurous at the time as I was feeling, went with the pick two: blackened shrimp and crab bites. He said the crab bites were out of this world good, and the shrimp was delicious and flavorful as well. We shared an appetizer of fried mozzarella which was also delicious. Not a trace of grease. The marinara sauce for dipping was also wonderful with pieces of tomato and onion with just the right amount of herbs and garlic.We had a wonderful date night, and I am so glad I had the nerve to try something new! Final conclusion, everywhere else I have tried oysters were just doing it wrong. Victorio's is so right!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/28/2013,67,382,4,9,3>Let me restrict this to "what's new". So many have written so well, let me just touch on a few items. On the comment that it was going to become a Fee Only park, those city council members supposedly got voted out, and the park's back to being free. I just wish that they could put a "donation Station" to collect more funds to improve the park. There's a new restroom and dog wash station. the old dog wash station is still operational, but there's now a way to wash your dog and get it closer to your car while staying on a pavement or concrete surface.  The new bathrooms are really quite nice, and are very open above, so let's just say voices carry! Today, I saw a small dog get chased by 4 larger dogs. People with smaller dogs that do not socialize regularly with larger dogs may get a little freaked out here. This is what happened today. The little dog started screaming- a noise I'd never heard before. Even my Labrador froze, then ran over to assist. It was like turning on an electro magnet that only worked on dogs. Soon, 30 dogs, mostly large, were near the little thing, staring at her, everyone frozen, and this of course freaked her out even more. The dog was never in danger, at all. But it seemed like it needed to have more supervised time with dogs of all sizes before being exposed again to a busy, busy Saturday afternoon there. The woods are as great as people say. We love walking through all those pathways,  and our dog LOVES exploring. Almost as much as tossing the tennis ball into the lake. The park keeps getting added to. New fountains have been provided by Friends of Peeples Dog Park, and there's even a lending library for books. You come with a og, sit in an old plastic chair on the waterfront, and let your doggie rip back and forth burning off all that joyus energy.  It's said that this is the fifth best dog park in the nation. I believe it. My contribution is to try to pick up some OTHER dog's mess that some owner chose not to pick up. this isn't too bad a problem due to the huge size of the park, but it still is an issue.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,5/27/2013,88,52,,6,4>The cafe con leche here is warm, aromatic, and bold, which is a rarity for coffee in Orlando as it always seems to get watered down for some reason.  Yaya's will serve your coffee with or without sugar if you specify. As far as the pastries go, they were pretty much what you'd expect out of a pastry, flaky, buttery, and with a tangy guava filling. I really enjoyed my veggie egg omelette. It was warm, veggies tasted fresh with a slight crisp, and not too cheesy. I don't like extremely gooey omelettes.  I would make one suggestion though, if breakfast is one of your specialties, please get creative with sides. Instead of serving fries and cuban toast with everything, perhaps replace the fries with fruit, or some kind of veggie (other than fried potatoes). Service was very friendly and the inside is clean and quite cute. I definitely want to come back to try their dinner.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,5/26/2013,108,688,,4,5>For some reason, it has taken me about 5 years to finally make it to the Ravenous Pig.  So I was delighted to finally have a reason to go on a recent Saturday night.  Our table started with the famed handmade pretzels and beer-cheese sauce.  The pretzel was superb as was the whole grain mustard also served as an accompaniment.  Definitely worth trying, sharing, and devouring.I then opted for the Cobia which was cooked perfectly and served with delicious veggies and a bright red beet smear on my dish.  My fellow diners also raved about their dishes - the pork chop, the steak and their pub burger which makes it on the revolving menu monthly.And for dessert, our waiter wasn't kidding when he said their play on red velvet cake would knock our socks off.  Served as a parfait with homemade chocolate chip ice cream, this divine concoction was worth the extra calories and money.We had great service and a wonderful experience overall.  Although their food is eclectic, I look forward to going again and seeing what the talented chefs/owners have to offer.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,1/11/2014,105,99,1,9,3>How much do you love coffee?  I mean "REAL" coffee?  Not the ones full of syrups and artificial flavors.  For the true coffee aficionados, Vespr Craft Coffee & Allures in the Waterford Lakes area will not disappoint.  It's only been open for a little over a month but this place is definitely amazing.As I entered Vespr, it came off as very spacious and minimalistic.  The gray walls had a few quotes here and there but not much else going on.  Chairs and tables against a wall here, large work table and bar stools there...I'm getting a workplace environment vibe as a opposed to a lounging on a couch place.Before going up to the register, there's a "sniff bar."  Definitely stop and take a moment to sniff the coffee beans and tea leaves.Vespr offer baked goodies from bakeries around the US.  Some were locally from here in Orlando such as Iced Bakery.Unfortunately, the coffee beans are not roasted in house but they are ground to order and brewed by the cup.  The coffee here is fair trade and single origin, meaning the coffee you buy comes from one specific area and your purchase benefits the farmers.  Even though the coffee menu is limited, you're getting higher quality coffee beans and Vespr constantly rotates the selection.For hot coffee, you can elect to have it brewed with a siphon or with a trifecta brewer.  I had the Marcala brewed on the Siphon, also known as a vacuum pot.  If you choose to get your coffee via siphon, it is an additional $1.50.  Getting your coffee the siphon route gives a lighter color and it removes the coffee oils.  Alicia, one of the baristas made my coffee.  It was SOOOOO cool.  I hadn't seen such a thing before and I was mesmerized by the orange glow.  OOOOOOHHHHH!  Depending on the coffee, it takes about 90 seconds or less for the coffee to be brewed.  I'm not going to get into how it works since there's a lot of fancy schmancy science stuff going on here between the pressure and water vapor.  Alls I know, that it's fantastic coffee.  If you want to know how the process really works, the staff here would be happy to explain it to you.The coffee is served in a double wall insulated glass.  I loved the presentation of the beverages here!The Barrel Smoked Sweet Iced Tea ($6.5) is a new favorite of mine!  The mason jars are smoked with oak chips and a mint essential oil.  The tea is served only in-house and you prepare it yourself.  The ice is already in the mason jar.  You can definitely smell the smokiness when you open the jar.  The tea used is a loose leaf Yunnan tea (black tea) cold brewed for 10 hours.  You'll also get one ounce of Grade A Vermont maple syrup.  This syrup has been aged for a year and what a difference it makes!  It was a fun experience putting the tea and the syrup in the jar, and then shaking it all up.  I was concerned initially if it was going to be too sweet with the maple syrup but it was perfect.  It reached a nice balance without it being too sweet.  An interesting side note is that the ice cubes are well, "cubed."  Vespr has a Kold-Draft ice machine which produces perfectly square ice cubes.  Each cube is exactly one ounce and with it being cube shaped, the ice melts slowly.  Such ingenuity!Elderflower Champagne ($4) is non-alcoholic beverage made with natural elderflower syrup and carbonated distilled water.  The glass is sprayed with a mist of rose hydrosol.  The rose hydrosol is pretty much like an essential oil but more water based.  This is a sensory delight as you smell the roses while drinking the elderflower champagne.All the cups and lids are compostable.  Even the stickers are compostable.  After talking to Edd Siu, co-owner of Vespr, I saw how detailed everything was in here.  It really surprised me and I had a wonderful time.  This truly is a place focused on sustainability.  Even for the folks who aren't crazy coffee fanatics, you'll find something you'll enjoy here.  Vespr will give you a unique experience, an amazing sensory journey!  (And you can feel good about it too!)
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,1/10/2014,44,113,5,10,3>Dear my special eyebrow threader in NYC...  You have been replaced! Thankfully so by someone local...Let's carry on shall we...It is true the wait is insane (hour and a half to be exact when I was there)However, Rashmi, wow woman has serious skills...seriouslyShe knew right away I had not been there before started in small talk very sweet friendly woman... who again let me reiterate has SERIOUS SKILLS...They also do waxing but you need to make an appointment for thatI left and yeah lot's of compliments... i keep staring at my face like damn she did an amazing job... no eyebrow pencil here... just perfectly threaded brows...I can sleep well at night now knowing that my middle eastern eyebrows will not be looking all einstein-ish ever again.... And yes I would wait that long every single time to have her do my eyebrows...
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/9/2014,123,206,,4,2>Bread is kind of awesome isn't it?I rarely find a bread that I won't eat. It happens occasionally but certainly never happens at Olde Hearth Bread Company.We would occasionally get a loaf or a boule from Olde Hearth Bread Company at the Audubon Park Farmers market so when I heard that they were going to be a permanent fixture in the neighborhood I was excited.The location is so convenient for me to stop by either on the way to work or the way home. A loaf for dinner, pastries for your co-workers, a loaf to soak in some eggs for some yummy French toast...it can all happen here.Some standouts that I have been able to enjoy are the levain, multigrain, sourdough, and the famous olive loaf. The olive loaf tastes great with some cheese from la femme du fromage. It is my go-to food item to bring when I am invited to parties.The peanut butter sandwich cookies are to die for. I bought these on a whim one morning to bring to my co-workers and I was a popular girl that day. People couldn't stop talking about them.A tip: The "boule" size bread is perfect for two. The loaves freeze well (as long as you wrap them and freeze soon after purchase - since they are really fresh - no preservatives here) but the boule is perfect if you just want a little bread to share for an evening.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,1/8/2014,363,344,5,10,7>To all my 80s babies and before....prepare to re-live your youth!  This video game bar is unsuspectingly tucked away within the confines of a strip mall in the Lake Buena Vista area.  The concept is simple.  $5 cover and you can go in and enjoy all the video games you want.  Now this isn't your broke down wanna be arcade in the mall.  My eyes lit up as I played TMNT: Turtles in Time, Donkey Kong Arcade, The Simpsons, Contra, NBA Jam and a host of other well known titles.  This place is truly a gamer's delight.  Oh so you think your the shit at Mario Kart 64? Super Smash Bros? Marvel vs Capcom? Well now we have a place to see who is who.  There are HD TVs strategically tucked away with consoles hooked up to them.  The left side of the room had super smash brothers for Game Cube which always gets competitive. The far right of the room was like Xbox 360 city. More HD TVs and a good amount of consoles where people were playing Marvel vs. Capcom, Halo, Madden and several other titles. If you are with friends they even have Rock Band and the DDR games set up so you can play as a group.*At first glance it may seem like you have to rent controllers or games to play the consoles (The consoles sit without games or controllers).  All you need to do is open up a tab at the bar and let them know you want to play.  The front entrance area has a library of games to choose from and you will be able to select from whatever is available.*Now the bar sits towards the middle of the room and has several more HD TVs mounted behind it.  Unlike your average bar where you can usually find the football game on, you find.... wait for it....more video games! Yes!  You can saddle up to the bar and play titles like Left For Dead 2, Marvel vs Capcom 2 and all the other games I saw people playing.  Now I read in another review that the video games at the bar really held up service and I can see how that could actually happen.  Fortunately for me this Friday night around 12:30 the bartenders were vigilant and the crowd wasn't occupying all the bar space.  What is impressive is the beer selection they have on tap and in bottle.  Yes this is an arcade, but an arcade with one of my favorite brews Arrogant Bastard on tap.  With a friend who doesn't enjoy beer? Get her a Strongbow Cider! (Also on tap alongside Guinness, OB Pilsner, and a good amount more).  My first visit was definitely memorable.  The girl at the front entrance checking IDs and collecting money really set the tone by being both welcoming and polite.  If you want to be able to enjoy access to more of the games or crowds aren't your thing, I would suggest coming coming during non peak hours (peak hours being Friday and Saturday evening/night). The place is fairly new so the games are in generally good condition (minus one or two.  If they fix the display on Jurassic Park let me know!)  So the bottom line is wether you're a hardcore OR softcore gamer you can go and re-live those days of triumph and fun with or without an ice cold brew.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/7/2014,38,186,,6,4>The Altamonte Springs location at least lives up to the standards set by the original location in Winter Park. Oysters remoulade were nice and tender and perfectly cooked. The 12 napkin roast beef was perfect with plenty of tender roast beef and debris. The gravy was a bit on the extra peppery side, but that is fine for my personal taste. My wife had the seafood gumbo and it was quite tasty with plenty of shrimp, oysters and crab. It was my brother-in-laws birthday and the other diners had a number of orders of the green tomatoes and crawfish, the Rita's chicken, an oyster po'boy, a muffaletta and the spinach salad with warm bacon vinaigrette dressing. Everyone enjoyed their food. I tasted the salad and muffaletta since those are dishes that I do not normally order and they tasted fine, just not my cup of tea. I prefer a muffaletta with a much more olive heavy tapenade and my spinach salad with a more vinegary dressing, just my personal taste.Service was excellent, the servers were attentive and made sure they took excellent care of us. The only reason I dinged them a star is because we had gone to great lengths to make sure they were going to have live music that Saturday afternoon. We even stopped by the night before and had a server ask a manager just to be sure. Well, the band was not there for whatever reason, which was a major disappointment. Apparently getting live jazz bands to perform in Central Florida is not the easiest thing in the world, or they are going about it in a less than optimal way. Either way, they have discontinued live music at the Winter Park location, so if they are just concentrating on the one location they should try harder to deliver. They claim they will have a band every Saturday from 1-5 for the rest of the month of September. We will probably try again this coming Saturday but will be sure to call first.Food, service and atmosphere were great, we will check out the bartender's skills next time and report back.Definitely go get you some tasty Cajun/Creole cuisine here!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,1/6/2014,122,198,2,8,8>The food here is really good, but what earned Hawkers Asian Street Fare a 5 star review from me is their excellent service. I've visited Hawkers in the past and had a great experience. This time I wanted to bring my very picky eater husband to try it out. My husband is a 30 year old "I still don't like any vegetables" type of guy. Luckily he found chicken wings and french fries on the menu and was happy.  (Yes, I am married to a big child haha)Remember to check in when you get to Hawkers. The check in got us a free order of summer rolls. Now, my picky no eating vegetables husband loved them. I think he actually loved the peanut sauce that came with them, but regardless he ate them. I also ordered wok fried lettuce and a cod dish. This is a tapas type place where you order smaller dishes that are priced from $3-6. They do also offer some large plate choices for about $8.00. The husband loved the fries and the wings. The fries had cinnamon on them and served with a sweet chili sauce. These made the fries really unique and tasty. The chicken wing he said were tasty and juicy. My wok fried salad was light and delicious. It had a few mushrooms and peppers mixed in. It was also tossed in a tasty soy sauce. I did not have much luck with the cod dish. I do not eat meat or chicken, so I am usually eating and loving fish. However, I couldn't do this dish. The fish was way too fishy tasting for me and I did not care for the sauce at all. I pushed it aside and continued to eat the lettuce. The server noticed I didn't eat it and asked if I wanted something else. I said I was fine but thank you. About five minutes later the manager came to our table and asked me what was wrong with the dish. I stated that nothing was wrong, I just personally didn't care for it. He informed me that dish is an iffy one for people. He suggested I try the black bean fish instead.. He said it was his favorite and a lot of people seem to love it. Even though I told the server no thanks, he talked me into trying something else. I am super glad I did!The dish was excellent and I loved the sauce. When the bill came I was even more surprised. I figured we would be charged for either or both of the fish dishes. I did not ask for a replacement dish, I did not complain about the food, so I expected to pay for something. That was not the case. The manager came and told me he took off the cod dish because I didn't like it, and he wanted to give me the other fish dish on the house so I knew what I would like for next time. I found this very generous. Then our way out the door the manager stopped us again at the door and told us he messed up the bill. He forgot to take off the price of the summer rolls because he knew we were supposed to get them for free through our Yelp check in. Our bill was only $15.00 for two filling meals before the summer rolls, so I told him thank you but not to worry about it. It is managers and servers like this who will keep me coming back to restaurants!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/5/2014,498,694,5,4,4>Dear Junior,I hate you.  Why? Because your burger is so freaking good.  I am trying to be good and lose weight, and then you came into my life.  I thought to myself, Get the turkey burger, that is probably healthy..um, I doubt it!  Not when you add whatever special yummy sauce, and french fries to the mix.But seriously, this place is really really good.  I am still full an hour after eating here.  Seriously...  The portions are good and the price is right.  There are a bunch of different sauces that you can get and add to your burgers or fries.  All low cal.. Ha, Sucker!!!It was sad to see Pioneers go, but Junior is a welcome addition when you feel like being fat.  Definitely choose them over five guys.  Who needs f-in peanuts anyway?#Yelp100
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,1/4/2014,171,134,,4,7>Checked these guys out for the first time last night, and I loved it. From the bar and comfy booth-style tables, which were all built out of repurposed pallet wood, to the local artwork, occasional trivia and guy playing really great music on 45s, this is a cool, comfortable, approachable place. I love that they are non-smoking, a step up from its parent bar, Will's Pub, located next door, and I adore the outside seating area. I have been greatly missing the beer garden atmosphere, ever since my beloved Redlight left its former location and was sadly refused an outside patio at its new venue... and I think I've finally found a place to enjoy an outdoor beverage again. Beer and wine wise - while their selection isn't massive, it does impress. Upon entering the bar area, I immediately spotted a favorite wine, The Velvet Devil, perched on a shelf next to a bottle of Oak Aged Yeti. Won over.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,1/3/2014,177,70,1,8,8>Noodles and rice, noodles and rice.... How can you go wrong with noodles and rice!That basically sums up what we had to eat here.This little cafe when you're walking up to it, doesn't look like much, but once the door opens you walk through to what looks like a mecca for noodles and rice.  To the right sits all the hot pot tables (basically a do it your self soup) and to the left all the regular sit-down tables.Once inside you're asked whether you're doing hot-pot or regular seating.  We did hot-pot.  Once we were seated we looked through the hot-pot menu and made our selections for: the broth, the vegetables, the meats, and the noodles.  Once our order was taken we were told about the spice bar at the back.  This little spice bar had options from sweet sauces to spicy sauces and many herbs for your liking.  Once we got back to our table, all our ingredients for the hot-pot were there and ready for me to start placing them in the broth!It's nice to find another good hot-pot place here in Orlando where the food is great, the wait staff is even better.  Oh and for those of you who have special dietary needs, they also offer gluten free and vegan fare.  Overall, a win win for everyone!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,1/2/2014,106,267,4,6,4>Wow!! What a place. Big props to @TastyChomps for posting info about Giraffas. The opening day was yesterday in Orlando on International Drive. The Giraffas team is there to greet you as soon as you walk in. Lots of friendly faces.The place is beautiful. The colors and the decor look amazing. The place is immaculate. I love coming to a place that has just opened their doors to customers. Excitement is in the air.Pao De Queijo. I checked in using Yelp and I got this appetizer for free. Thanks @yelp. Great way to start my meal. One of the team members suggested I try the chicken burger. I am a steak sort of person, so I had both the chicken and the steak. Now, lets talk FOOD!!Brutus. 5oz burger, cheese, egg, bacon, ham, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. AMAZING! Every single bite was fantastic. It is layered in a certain way where you taste every ingredient and topping in and on the burger.Special Sauce. I was told they couldn't tell me what it was. If they told me they would have to kill me. The staff had a great sense of humor. Loved it!! It went great with the burgers and the fries.Galo De Briga. Chicken filet on a bun, cheese, egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. DELICIOUS! the chicken was a nice touch to this burger. I tend not to order the chicken, so I am glad it was suggested from the Giraffas team.Petit Gâteau. Warm, chocolate flavor filled cake with a choice of coconut ice cream. This was another suggestion from the Giraffas team. I never do ice cream in any place, but with this ice cream you could taste the pieces of coconut inside the ice cream. EXCELLENT!!Giraffas team, thank you so much for a job "well-done". Keep up the smiling faces and welcoming customers at the door with excitement
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,1/24/2012,52,143,5,5,5>Hey sexy you new in town..ooo you've gotten bigger. I've died and gone to the carnivore heaven. So for the old. The new 4Riv has the same mouthgasmic food as the legendary Fairbanks location, the same awesome and energetic staff, and the same angry herd of starving hyenas (sometimes referred to as customers) piling in from all directions. They have matched the menu to perfection and continue to please in all ways. For the new. It's much bigger. There is now an indoor seating area which is a little limited on the space. I wouldn't recommend getting up from your table if you do find one, and the outdoor area is much larger with significantly more seating. Think about it, actually getting to eat the food at the restaurant. There are separate soda and condiment counters in the outdoor and indoor seating areas and a huge bull statue in front of the building. Get this , this location is in front of a shopping plaza which means virtually unlimited parking.  Oh and there's a drive through.Even though the lines are still crazy long, it is always worth the wait. Easily the best BBQ in town.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,1/23/2012,20,150,,9,5>I recently went on Full Moon paddle with Adventures in Florida. It was a very enjoyable experience! I am not an experienced kayaker, but that was no problem. We kept a leisurly pace, saw gorgeous birds and then watched the moon rise above the lake. It was very peaceful and romatic. We were on the water for about 2.5 hours. A fun alternative to dinner and a movie! :)
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,1/22/2012,209,208,4,5,3>Ok, so I'm going to start with the best and work my way from there.FLAN.This place has the most amazing, rich, sweet, delicious flan I have tried in Orlando!  It's thick and custardy, not wiggly (jelloy) like you find sometimes in a Mexican place. The flan seemed to be made fresh and as a large "pie."  Each portion is a generous slice and I keep going back to my fridge to take bite after bite.  I'm sad it's almost gone!  The top is golden delicious and the middle just melts in your mouth.  Now that I'm drooling... I'll proceed with my meal.  I ordered a beef empanada to start.  It was fried fresh, no heat lamps at this place!  It was a bit on the small side though, but the meat inside was quite flavorful.  I also had the pork lunch plate; roasted pork, rice, beans, and maduros for $6, get out right?  The portion was typical Cuban and huge!  Gotta love our Hispanic people.  Anyway - the rice and beans were seasoned beautifully, but I feel the pork was not seasoned enough.  It was juicy and tender, but needed a little something more.  Topped off with a malta.  Delicious.  The server there was also quite pleasant and attentive, so that made it that much nicer.Definitely going to try this place again.  Maybe a sandwich next time, but definitely grabbing a supply of flan!(NOTE:  Do you remember that episode of Sabrina the Teenage Witch where she makes a HUGE flan appear in her high school and everyone goes bananas?  Ha!  90s TV is too funny.  But I would die if that happened with the flan at Los.. just sayin. =P)
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,1/21/2012,141,222,8,13,6>This place reminded me of a Morrison's cafe or Piccadilly cafeteria at first with the geriatric clientele, boring decor and order here- sit there service, but I'm glad that after passing by for so long I decided to see what it was all about. After all this place has been here since I was a child (or longer), so they must be doing something right.I ordered the lobster roll, having been disappointed by the previous two I've had at other restaurants in town. I was pleasantly surprised. It was served on a lightly buttered nissin hot dog roll on top of the lettuce to keep the bread from getting soggy. The lobster salad was loaded with big sweet chunks of fresh claw and body meat and not over seasoned or over-mayoed so you could taste how fresh the meat was. No salty dead water leg meat here folks, this is the real deal.It came with a choice of two sides, I chose mac n cheese and fries, meh, as expected.My husband had a plate of fried Ipswich clams and onion nuggets. The clams were soft and livery/buttery with a big belly (like they should be, not those chewy little snot strands you find everywhere else) and were quite delicious. And I hate clams, so there's that.Overall you get your money's worth. You don't pay for atmosphere but you certainly pay for good quality food and you won't leave hungry. Try to sit outside if the weather is nice.Lobstah roll= $12.95, not $20 like most places. BONUS.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/20/2012,221,378,20,12,16>-As i wake up from a hazy dream-movie scene styleeWhere am I?Why is the sign say open, yet door was locked?Then my Vietnamese angel opens the doors for me to come in....I step into what looks like an abandoned one room supermarket, or a really great front for mafiosos. But then from the pure joy and friendlyness this little older lady has, i realize where i am:  I have landed in Vietnamese Heaven: Where Banh Mi sandwiches go to die....happily.Got the #4(Beef), $3 cash straight up. no tax, which made sense, there is no tax in Heaven.Toasty bread, fresh ingredients, pure and simple the best Banh Mi sandwich i have ever had.And just a warning, you HAVE to take at least one bite and give the chef "approval" before she lets you leave. Then she demands you come back tomorrow, which i almost drove across town to do just that the next day.Praise Jeebus!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,1/19/2012,178,174,3,8,6>I had a great experience at Prato recently. We got there about 5:30pm on a Saturday, so they weren't busy yet. However, we did here the hostess telling people on the phone though that there was a 45 minute wait, so it's best to get there as early as possible. The decor is beautiful!  It seems like they are going for an Italian farm-style setting, which I really liked.  It can get a little crowded around the bar area with people waiting for seats, so be ready to sit eye-level with a few posteriors if you sit at one of the tables next to the bar.We started out the night with a couple of drink orders.  My husband ordered one of the beers on tap ($6) and I had the Italian Citrus cocktail ($10).  My drink was very refreshing and complimented my meal perfectly.We decided to order several different items from the menu to get a good idea of what they have to offer. Our plan of attack: the Crab Bruschetta $11), Escarole Caesar salads ($8.50), half an order of the Duck Bolognese ($9), the Widow Maker pizza ($15), a side of Mascarpone Polenta ($5), and a couple of desserts ($6 each). Our server was extremely nice and offered to stagger our food order so it wouldn't come out all at once. Overall, we really enjoyed the food, although I probably wouldn't order the crab bruschetta again because you only get 3 pieces for $11.  Also, I would only get a full portion of the pasta since the half portion is pretty small.  My absolute favorite was the polenta.  I would seriously come back just to eat that. Our server kept to her word and paced our food really well.  However, we did notice several tables walk out because their food was taking too long.  It appears they were having trouble keeping up with pizza orders.If you order smart and share a few items with the table you can have a nice dinner without breaking the bank.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,1/18/2012,188,226,,8,4>My partner and I have been talking about going to this place for months now and finally decided to stop in for dinner around 5:30 on a Saturday night.  When we walked in, it was empty.... Literally, nobody was in the place... except for the two owners.  He was out in the front of the house seating and taking orders while the Mrs. was in the back of the house doing all the cooking.  So we had our choice of seating... The owner was very friendly and took a moment to say hello and tell us a bit about the place.  When I asked about it being empty, he said it was just that we were early.  He said the crowds show up later and on Friday nights when they have live music, you need a reservation.  Either way, we decided to enjoy the quiet of the place and see how the cooking was.I ordered the Rahmschnitzel which is pan cooked pork along with two sides, red cabbage and Spatzle.   My partner ordered the Scheinebraten which is pork roast and he got mashed potatoes and red cabbage too.  Both meals only took about 5 min to come out and we have to say, it was very good!  My schnitzel could have been a bit more tender but other than that, all the food was excellent.   We also had a bit of wine and beer along with the meal.    We decided to do dessert instead of appetizers since we have learned we can't eat that much food.  I had the black forest cake and my partner had the apple strudel with ice cream.  Again, both were great!  With tip, everything came to just under $50 so we feel we got a good meal for the price.  I have to say that the owners wife did come out and say hello and see how our meals were.  She was very nice and was truly concerned about the food.  About half way thru our meal, another employee showed up to work her shift.... again, a bit confused by why since we were the only people in the place.  We were getting ready to leave and suddenly, a crowd of people showed up!  Literally, the place was suddenly 1/2 full!  We soon learned that the local Church let out at 6pm and it seems many of the church goers eat here... hence the reason we were 'early' to the owners!  I felt better about it all once I knew they had customers!  If you are in the mood for some great german food, give The Bavarian Haus a try and just don't be scared off by the lack of people if you come early!  ;-)
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2011,1/17/2012,47,83,6,8,3>Fellow Yelpers,I read enough reviews on Le Rouge to want to check it out and see if it lived up to the hype.  This is a fairly new establishment on Sand Lake Rd. in the stretch known as Restaurant Row in Orlando.The location is good for the type of business they are trying to attract.  At first glance the exterior did not seem very inviting but when I looked through the windows I was instantly turned on by what seemed to be a dimly lit trendy LED haven of a bar that is right up my alley.My date and I made reservations for 9:45pm and arrived there on time.  The place seemed to be fairly busy, but with enough space available for us to choose where we wanted to sit.  The hostess was rather curt with me and seemed to be annoyed about something (maybe PMS).  We were then seated by a gentleman who seemed like a manager or owner.My date and I chose to sit on the couches instead of the bar and tables.  The white couches are comfy and the interior is laid out fairly well.  We enjoyed a good view of each other and the entire establishment from where we were.  I ordered a bottle of wine from the menu but was disappointed when told by our server that they did not have it available at the time.  I mean, it is a lounge that specializes in wines, but hey, I'm not judging.  The server was very accommodating though as he offered to find me an equivalent wine and charge me the same price.  The wine as it turns out was quite good.  I was very pleased with this service.We then ordered our food which came out rather promptly.  We decided on having the Mac'n Cheese dish, the Lamb Chops and the Figs and Manchengo Cheese Crostini.  I thought for a moment we were vampires and the chef a vampire slayer because the Mac'n Cheese was extremely garlicky.  However, once I saw my reflection in the mirror I enjoyed the dish.  The Lamb Chops were on point except that it seems as if 80% of the three pieces were composed of pure fat.  The presentation was great but the quantity of actual lean meat was lacking.  The Crostini was the best dish.  The live music was at first a bit loud but then as I lounged my way into an entire bottle of wine with my date it became tolerable.  Although my date did point out that the guitar player was guitar-synching.  Indeed it seemed like he was pulling a Milli Vanilli (reference credited to my date).Overall,  this place is a decent lounge.  Go for the wines (a good sized selection), the Crostinis and forget the rest of the Tapas style dishes.  Save your money and go have a real meal somewhere across or down the street (there are plenty of other options).  Au revoir!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,1/16/2012,171,134,2,4,3>Consistently great food. Their Sunday brunches are awesome, and the menu changes every week to something new, completely different, and equally good. Coffee is tasty and fresh, every time. Staff are friendly and fun, even during the pre-noon hours of the day, a feat I have trouble with. This is also one of the few places in town that can make a truly delicious Bloody Mary. Even having tried them from totally different bartenders, no diminishment of quality, spiciness, or heartiness. The last one I ordered had a giant hunk of candied bacon sticking out of it, holy amazing. Love.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,1/15/2012,363,344,4,6,5>Son to a Jamaican mother in a tight knit Jamaican family...Meaning I grew up eating Oxtail, curry chicken, curry goat, calilou, ackee & Saltfish and all the other great dishes Jamaica has to offer. That being said, I've tasted the real deal and these guys have the real deal when it comes to Jamaican food.  I personally can't cook it and I know I get the thumbs up when I bring this home to the family.  Their Spicy beef patties and cocoa bread are delicious! Friendly and fast service with healthy portions.  Last time I went I had the curry goat and it was right on point.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,12/13/2012,426,190,,5,5>I would go eat here every day if I suddenly became a vegetarian. The menu is very selective, they only have a couple items but all of the items are really delicious. This place is run by the monks of the temple around Orlando. I don't know which one for sure  but my guess is Chua Phap Vu on Dean. Small place with only a couple tables and chair, everything is very simple. They have a deli that lets you buy vegetarian dishes to eat later and of course you can order the menu items to-go. I love their Bun Hue and Banh Beo and I plan on trying everything on the menu very soon.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,12/12/2012,78,115,2,8,2>I was back again for my third visit in as many weeks and along with my usual snag of coconut creme, key lime, and german chocolate (which are all MUST GETS), I went ahead and tried two of the cookies this day.   I had the chocolate chip, which was chock-ful-o-chocolate and literally as thick as a biscuit.  Loved it!  Also tried the ginger cookie, which was thick and delicious...not too sweet and not too gingery.  So after discussing my original 4-Star with others that I've introduced Sister Honey's to, I'm back with a Solid 5-Star update.   Yep....get there now for an amazing selection of divine pies, cakes, and now I can say cookies, too.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/11/2012,101,78,8,9,2>What a cool new place! I'm really glad that someone told me about this, or I would have otherwise missed it!They have a ton of 70's video games, and they're all free! Even though it was busy, people move from game to game quick, so I never had a problem getting to a game that I wanted to play in minutes.All the games were well-kept. I actually put a drink on top of one of them, and they asked me to move it. I didn't realize at the time that they have holders right next to all of the games - nice! And it shows that they care about keeping their games in top shape!There was only one problem with one single game  - space invaders' joystick couldn't go left, but from their attention that they gave to the machines, I would bet money that it's fixed by now.Oh, did I mention it's a bar? Ha! Anyways, they seemed to have a pretty ok selection. You know that I only looked at the Ciders. They had Angry Orchard, which I think is great. I think that might have been the only one though, IIRC. That's kinda sucky, but ok for me. I think it was about $4, which is reasonable. I found their prices not bad. Some were about a dollar more than I'd expect elsewhere, but the fact that I get to sit there for as long as I want and play free video games makes up for it. I complained a bit about the $10 Japanese beer that I had to pay for for my lady, but she confirmed that it's like $9 elsewhere (I think it might have been $8, but who's counting, and she bought dinner later, so whatever).The atmosphere was nice. I didn't get a chance to sit at the bar. I didn't really try to though. The place was packed just enough. Since it's so awesome, I fear it might get a little too packed in the future - but hey, it happens when a place rocks!They had tables and chairs, and even a couch or two, I think. Good atmosphere to talk. Loudness was acceptable. I can't remember the music exactly, but I remember liking it. You could also sneak out the back door if you needed to have a private conversation and they didn't seem to have any problem that I had a drink with me. That was convenient.The bathrooms were clean, but the place is new, so it's expected. They defintely didn't open up shop in a run down place without prep. The place is well put together. Kudos to the owner. High-five, long live BART!I want to give it five stars... I think it's just the drink selection, but I'm sure that will grow as the place does.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,12/10/2012,49,263,,3,3>We stopped by on a "school night" for a get-together in the bar area. Based on our experience, we'll definitely be back for a full meal.The bar staff were phenomenally responsive, professional and friendly. Even though happy hour had just passed, our bartender was able to squeeze in a happy-hour appetizer order. It's an effort that was appreciated, as we enjoyed the shoestring fries and chicken fingers with our drinks.We also ordered the onion rings, which come stacked in a tower. Creative presentation, and decent (if average) taste.My partner's Cosmo came with a second serving, in a small wine carafe, which was chilling on ice in a brandy snifter. Nice touch.My only regret is not having taken the time to dine a full meal. Soon, and perhaps very soon, we will be back to rectify that.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,12/9/2012,81,191,,7,5>DUBSTEP! Thursdays are a great night to go. This is the first time Ive been here and plan to go again in the future. If you love dubstep and hip hop, this is the place to go and get good music and have a good time. The DJ really knows how to mix songs into the dubstep beats and get the crowd going with the music. The drink specials are great for girls and good for guys. Free cover of course if you're 21+ (not sure if they allow under 21.) The venue itself is located on the rooftop which is really nice in Downtown Orlando. I would definitely recommend visiting at least once to give it a shot. It usually starts to pick up around 12:30. Dont expect it to be too busy before then.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/8/2012,224,161,3,6,2>Most tender filet ever! Went last night for magical dining and had the surf and turf 6 oz filet, lobster tail, mash and asparagus and grilled oysters. I almost licked the plate. Everything was perfect! The grilled oysters were covered in parm cheese and finger-licking good.  The lobster was perfect... I dont have a single bad thing to say about the place.  The only heads-up I'd give is that you'd assume is fancy due to the price and location... It's not.  The cups are plastic, the table was covered in a checkered plastic table clothe and people were there in shorts and sandles.  But don't let that deter you, I like that it was delicious without the stuffiness.Short of it: My husband was so glad we went there that he woke up the next morning dreaming of his filet. I'd go back weekly if it wouldn't cause my bankruptcy.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/7/2012,398,313,2,3,2>I can't believe I haven't heard of this place until yesterday and I've lived in Orlando for 9 years!  What the hell?!  I guess i got me some catching up to do!  So I ordered the Fillin' Station Full Service Burger as my entry into the fillin' station!The burger had ham, mushrooms and a choice of cheese on it accompanied by lettuce, tomato, and onion on the side.  The buns were delicious.  They were buttered and grilled so it had a ton of flavor and crispness along the edges.  The way a proper hamburger bun should be!  The burger itself was overcooked, sadly.  I ordered a medium patty and was given a well-done one.  Surprisingly, it was still tasty even though it was cooked well done!  The ham, cheese and mushrooms were fantastic together!  My soon-to-be-foodie honey ordered us some fried sweet corn nuggets.  She really knows how to tickle my fancy because these things were amazing!  They were sprinkled with powdered sugar and MAN I love me these corn nuggets!  These suckers are a must for those of you who have been on a another planet like I was.Very casual and cool bar atmosphere and they have a digital jukebox which was cool until you realize it doesn't play any of the songs you picked while you're there...Overall a very good experience, and I'm hoping the next time I come back my burger will be cooked the way I order it!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/6/2012,193,136,3,5,3>On Labor Day Monday, September 3rd, Cress Restaurant celebrated its 4th anniversary with a charity event benefiting the Neighborhood Center of West Volusia. This two-part event featured the premiere of their TV Pilot Project - 'Vegetarian Bound'  and a Live auction at Athens Restaurant, followed by a VIP dinner at Cress.Not only was I fortunate enough to partake in this momentous occasion, I also got to attend the VIP Dinner and savor the lavish creations from our very own Local Celebrity Orlando Chefs:    Chef Hari Pulapaka of Cress Restaurant    Chef Kevin Fonzo of K Restaurant    Chef Lynae Gursney, Chef Instructor for Le Cordon Bleu    Chef Kathleen Blake of The Rusty Spoon & Pine 22    Chef Tony Adams of Big Wheel ProvisionsThis beautiful evening was not only a celebration to mark the 4th anniversary of Cress Restaurant, but with the hard work, dedication, and support of generous friends, they raised $15,000 and 875 lbs of food to benefit the Neighborhood Center of West Volusia. Well done!!Here's my humble attempt at recreating this wonderful evening. Starting with the premier of the pilot 'Vegetable Bound' and ending our delicious evening on a high note with the fabulous food and wine dinner course held at Cress Restaurant.If only the walls of Cress could talk, they would surely be too embarrassed to share the food comotosed orgasmic sighs from us. It was all absolutely sublime and I fear I may not have the adequate words to describe the feast of these wonderful five courses paired with champagne and wine.Chef Hari even had goodie bags made, playfully presented for his dinner guests: 'Pulpaka Garden' ghost pepper sauce, chutneys, savory shortbread, local herb focaccia.I am embarrassed to admit I have not yet had the opportunity to eat at The Rusty Spoon. After tasting such tasty creations from Chef Blake, The Rusty Spoon is on my To Go Soon list. And of course, I look forward to visiting Cress so I can indulge in more decadent and beautifully spiced dishes by Chef Hari.For all you Orlando residents or tourists, I strongly urge you to take some time out from your hectic schedule and allow all your senses to be indulged by our very own local celebrity chefs. Yes, these are some of the finest Chefs,  CFL is proud to have!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,12/5/2012,214,58,7,11,8>Thanks fellow YELPers  for finding this place.  I tried it out for the first time on Saturday for lunch and love it, so much so that I did follow the advice of the owner and I did "See her tomorrow."  Yes that's right I went back again on Sunday because I couldn't stop thinking about it.   To say this place is tucked away is an understatement.  I've probably driven past this old strip mall over a thousand times in the past 15 years and it has never captured my attention.  BEST DIRECTIONS: Drive around back to Hillcrest St and turn into the 4th driveway coming from Mills, park behind the peach colored building and make your way past some outdoor tables and down the hallway ( you can't see the hallway until you get close to the outdoor tables) to the courtyard, look to the left, and you will find this special place (thanks to whomever posted the storefront picture and directions).  Let me just say it now, I would have never even considered this journey if it weren't for those who came before and posted all the rave reviews, so once again, thank you.  I was greeted by a very friendly lady who directed my attention to the order-by-number menu.  On my first visit I had the #1 and a coffee.  Wow, the coffee was sure a surprise, I wasn't expecting it to be iced coffee and it was so rich and sweet, I actually had to water it down a little when I got to the car, still very good though.  The bread is homemade and very good.  On my second visit I had the #6.  I like both sandwiches and thought both would be good to recommend as a first try, they are only $3 each so why not try both."I'll see you tomorrow!"
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,12/4/2012,14,24,1,4,4>Went here for their Saturday buffet, which is a little more expensive than the weekday buffet but still affordable. The two of us got completely stuffed for about $25 after tip. There were lots of choices-naan, rice, several curries of different heat levels, tandoor chicken, butter chicken, spinach palak paneer, some kind of chicken in a delicious tomato sauce, and several different sauces and dips to try. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, but we still packed in dessert. They had a phenomenal rice pudding and some tasty little dough balls in honey that reminded me of cinnamon doughnuts. The waitress was very helpful in explaining the food, and we were never low on water. We'll definitely be going back. I noticed that you can buy food by the container-like they'll give you a container and you just fill it up from the buffet, so I'm definitely curious how that works and will try it next time I want a quick, delicious lunch.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,10/22/2011,192,199,,7,4>After four failed attempts to visit this place, I finally made it for a late breakfast. I expected a few more 'made-to-order' options, but was pleasantly surprised with the variety of pastries and crepe concoctions, which more than made up for the lack of a conventional breakfast menu.I had the breakfast combo which included a fried egg, croissant, and coffee. I'm not a coffee drinker, but Aaron is, and he LOVES Nespresso. Big props to them for having the largest Nespresso machine I have ever seen. The fried egg was cooked perfectly, and I chose to put it inside my croissant. Delish. I also ordered the fresh squeezed OJ, which is worth a trip on its own. So gooooood. Aaron had the Quiche Lorraine and said it was fantastic. We paid $12 for everything we ordered, and I think that's a very fair price for the quality of food they have. And it was all very filling.Before we left, we decided to order the Kiwi tart and Napoleon to go, although Aaron couldn't wait, and he devoured the tart right there. I had a bite, and it was one of the best I've tried. I waited until after dinner to get into my Napoleon, and it was well worth the wait. I'll be back often for this special treat. It's my fav.They also serve a few lunch items. I'm not sure I would go for lunch as they do not seem to offer any vegetarian options, but they do look very tasty nonetheless.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/21/2011,31,105,3,11,12>I have been waiting for the place to open for what feels like forever :) It's so close to my house and has the food I love...BURGERS and lots of them. Seriously, a whole menu page devoted to burgers. But beyond that even if you're not a burger freak like me I think you'll like this place.One thing I really respect is that everything here is handmade from the pickles to the ketchup and it's all really good :) They have foodie food like pork belly arepas and bar-type food (but WAY better quality). Back to the burgers...I just got a cheeseburger...still not my favorite burger ever but for sure in my top five :) And the fries...wow. As soon as I had one I said to my friend...you have to try these. REALLY good :) If you're a beer love you'll love that they have 40 beers on tap. And it's not like Miller Lite or anything...these are serious beers. I love that they have cider. I wish they had more variety but I don't know that everyone loves cider as much as me. I also really like the atmosphere. It just really fits me. They also have pool and darts if you feel like playing. And BONUS they are open until 2am Tuesday through Sunday...no need to hit a drive through after a concert. I love that there's a place open late to get good, quality food. I hope this place really works because I can't wait to come again!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,10/20/2011,304,661,,15,11>The Tasting Room at The Chef's Table is the new small plate/tapas concept by the owners of The Chef's Table at the Edgewater. The new restaurant is located in a larger space facing Plant Street in Winter Garden, adjacent to the main room of the Chef's Table at the Edgewater. All of the cooking for both restaurants is coming out of the Chef's Table's open kitchen.The new space has been renovated from an old Barber shop and has an intimate feel. The large and airy space is dominated by the bar and the large (newly painted) copper air ducts above. (pic) Overall, the vibe is gastropub meets steampunky loft. Hubby and I enjoyed a nice evening here with several friends on opening night. We were greeted and promptly seated for our reserved table. Our waiter, Brody, walked us through some of the craft beers and cocktails available giving us some great descriptions for the selections we weren't familiar with. The guys opted for the Railbender Ale, which was a nice amber ale and the gals ordered off of the cocktail list. I tried the Clocktower Cosmo, which was made with 44 North Vodka, in the Huckleberry flavor.The drink had a juicy, tart tang that hooked me. The other fun drink ordered was the Jalapeno Cilantro Margarita, which, had fresh herbaceous notes and a bright jalapeno taste without much heat. Both drinks were very smooth and tasty-- could be dangerous! ;) Good to note that The Tasting Room has a great wine list of wines by the bottle and by the glass, so libation drinkers of all kinds will be pleased. Our party tasted through many (Really, embarrassingly a lot) of the small plates offered on the soon to be expanding menu. Chef Kevin pays homage to his LA (Louisanna, ya'll!) roots with some of the flavors, but doesn't stop there. High spots for us would have to start with the Smoked Fish Dip, made with both smoked whitefish and Chorizo and served with flatbread crisps. The 3 meat eaters at the table were thrilled with the smokey goodness offered in this appetizer. Another high point was the Baba Ganoush offered in the Veggie Trio (Red Pepper Hummus, marinated olives, Baba Ganoush served with pita) The Baba Ganoush was SO flavorful, again, offering nice smokey notes with the spiced and pureed eggplant. Delish!Hubby's favorite item was the bacon wrapped scallops- but these aren't your Grandma's "Devils on Horseback" apps, circa 1970-something. The 2 sweet, ginormous, U10 scallops were seared perfectly and then wrapped with thick cut bacon that had a slight char. Hubby was in heaven and declared these scallops the best he's ever had....and he's had a lot of scallops. A lot. (pic)My favorite small plate of the night was the mac and cheese, made with pepper jack cheese. If ordering off the menu, the oblong ramekin will come topped with Andouille sausage. You can opt for no meat and the dish would be veggie friendly. For me, a perfect portion of slightly spicy, creamy goodness. We also ordered a regular portion and the table commented on the dish being "over the top amazing", with the sausage on it. The smokey and salty sausage hit the right notes to contrast the slight zippiness and creaminess of the pepper jack mac and cheese. Happy, happy table.The Shrimp and Corn Beignets (Fritters) were another yummy standout. 3 hush puppy/fritter sized balls were plated with a flavorful remoulade sauce that made us all wanting more. The fritters were moist on the inside, nice flavor. Really, we could have ordered many, many more of these. The stuffed poblano pepper was thoroughly enjoyed by the guys, the milder pepper was stuffed with braised chicken, cous cous, golden lentils and other yummy things. If you got a bite closer to the stem, you got a punch of some heat- so save that for the spice lovers in the group. Desserts are offered in smaller form as well, very similar in presentation to a certain Darden restaurants petite offerings...but looks are where the similarities end. Chef Kevin packs a whole lotta love and flavor into those shot glasses. We tried the Bourbon pecan pie, tropical ricotta cheesecake and peanut butter desserts. Each was freaking delicious. If you are a fan of peanut butter, put this dessert on your list of things to try....immediately. It's creamy and powerfully pea-nutty! The Bourbon Pecan pie showcases the Pecans and is lacking that cloying sweetness found in 90% of Pecan Pies. The ricotta cheesecake was layered with toasted coconut and topped with pineapple; very light and not at all a typical "NY style" cheesecake.Our group liked the pace that the food was delivered to the table and really enjoyed sharing items- with the exception of the scallops which the Hubby devoured solo. Brody made great recommendations throughout the night and was very attentive. It was nice to see owners Chef Kevin and Laurie visiting tables like they do at the Chef's Table. Our group had a delightful time and agreed that we'd be back to enjoy another night here very soon.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,10/19/2011,210,167,5,5,3>I have tried this place twice and stand by my motto always give a place a 2nd try (unless they are just awful.) The Bistro is a cute little restaurant hidden away off of Park Ave. I have been there twice, for brunch and dinner. My brunch experience left much to be desired. When I walked in the door I witnessed a server yelling at the owner and thought "please don't be my server." She was. I ordered the Crab Cake Benedict and it was great. I also ordered mimosas. The server barely waited on us, forgot our mimosa order, and wandered around the restaurant like a wild banshee. I left satisfied by the food and bewildered the service. I decided to give it another try last night. Oh the difference giving a place another try can make. First we were met at the door promptly and led to a lovely seat in the atrium. Our server greeted us and offered up the specials. I ordered the pot roast and absolutely loved it! My partner ordered the key west reuben and cleaned her plate. We also ordered a bottle of Avalon Cabernet, shared a yummy salad and the soup of the day which was Morroccan, chicken, and chickpea. Our server was friendly and attentive. Overall, The Bistro on Park Ave is a gem. They just need to work on brunch service and all will be right with this place.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,10/18/2011,112,206,1,12,4>Yes they are finally back in business after a fire that shut them down for over a year. It has the new restaurant vibe to it! The place has been remodeled in a good modern way. It was a little scary before. I was lucky enough to be invited to their friends and family soft opening last night. We got to try some of their new menu items. The appetizer we started with was a smoked fish spread served with Ritz crackers. (yes Ritz lol!) Let me just say, as a non fish eater this was delish! Wasn't fishy, wasn't too smokey and the Ritz crackers actually tasted good with it! I don't eat fish so i decided to try the Fatty Melt.. All I can say is OMG! it was 3 burgers, topped with a bacon (ahh my first love) fried egg, chedder cheese,and onions all placed between two grilled cheese sandwiches! If I died of a heart attack last night I would have died a happy woman. That was absolutely awesome! It would have been plenty to share with someone, but I wasn't about to, maybe is my selfish tendencies? lol! My b/f ordered the fish tacos, my friends had ordered the Mahi sandwhich and the Mahi dinner.  They said the food was excellent and didn't have any complaints.  Finished with a homemade Plant City Moon Pie dessert. It was chocolate and ummmmm chocolate with some cherry sauce. I can't get past the chocolate.. (my second love) Actually it was cake like and had some type of filling. It was really good just try it. I hope they will be consistant with their menu items because last night everything was awesome!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,10/17/2011,72,39,4,12,8>As authentic as you can get outside of Italy!  I found out about this place from a good girlfriend of mine a few months ago.  We finally got to try this place out on a random, impromptu girls' night.  We ordered take-out and we both had a prosciutto panini as an entree, a bottle of wine and we tried their tiramisu as well as their nutella cheesecake for dessert (we couldn't decide so, being the foodies that we are, we got both!).The panini...uh-mazing!!! The ciabatta was warm and crunchy, the cheese was melting in my mouth in an awesome way and the prosciutto was glorious. It gets better...The nutella cheesecake... also uh-mazing!! I love nutella. I love cheesecake. Put them together and it's heaven on earth for me! It keeps getting better...The tiramisu... HEAVENLY!!! I've never had tiramisu as good and as fluffy as the one I got here. I wasn't a big tiramisu fan before due to previous lackluster experiences, but I most definitely am now.  It was, for lack of a better phrase, a food orgasm in my mouth.And not to be outdone, the staff was very friendly and informative.  They answered all of our questions, gave some amazing wine & food recommendations and was very proactive when it came to customer service (a definite plus). My girlfriend and I actually went back a week later to eat in and try their pasta (which was equally amazing).  I will definitely be going back there again and I've been recommending them to everyone and anyone who will listen.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,10/16/2011,307,459,2,9,3>The Yalaha Bakery opened to the public today (Aug. 13, 2011). The long-awaited opening did not disappoint - many customers were inside to peruse through the bakery's many offerings (breads, cookies, pastries, meats, sweets and other confectionery creations). Such beverages as cappuccinos and lattes (and more that I now can't specifically remember) also are available.I'll likely have to make at least another visit sometime soon so I can add additional specifics. My first impression, however, was an excellent one. The staff is very courteous and friendly, and the quality of the goods is very high. I didn't go hog-wild while in here today, instead opting to buy some cookies (I bought 3 different kinds; 2 cookies are $1.95, so I got 6 for $5.85) and a walnut bar of some sort (I can't remember its exact name; it was absolutely delicious albeit somewhat pricy at $4+). I also bought a small bag of peanut butter cookies. I was tempted to buy more items (there's a large selection of day-old bread) but opted not to. Instead, I will return at some point during the week, hopefully.The three flavors of cookie that I purchased were Chocolate Chip Chai (WOW! So good!), Lime Coconut Shortbread and Orange-Ginger (I can't remember the exact name of that one). I've yet to try the latter two, but the Chocolate Chip Chai cookie (I've eaten only one of the two, so far) is delicious. I'm sure the others will be, as well. There's so much more from which to choose that Yelpers will have to go to Yalaha themselves - I'm not sure I can encapsulate in a review the goodness that the bakery is going to introduce to our community.For the time being, there is no seating either in- or outside the bakery, so keep that in mind. Also, parking may be a little bit tricky - there's a small lot just outside of the bakery. Many visitors may have to park along Orange Avenue on the days the bakery is most busy.Definitely check this place out if you can. The bakery is located on Orange Avenue just a few doors down from Ethos. Highly recommended! I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/15/2011,38,30,5,12,7>If you're reading this review, you are officially in on Orlando's best kept secret.This place is the ultimate definition of a dive. From the outside (even from the inside) it looks super-ghetto... but the food, oh the food... it is sublime.The pizza here is authentic, and mind-blowingly delectable. I've tried several different kinds of pizza, and every time I'm blown away by the deliciousness of it.I also tried an empenada the other day. Best empenada I've had since I lived in South America 6 years ago.Go eat here. It's worth the drive. It's sketchy, but absolutely amazing... way better than any Domino's, Papa Johns, or Pizza Hut you'll ever try.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,10/14/2011,68,102,5,8,7>I have never been so passionate about anywhere else in Orlando.I am in love with the decor - god forbid it rains but this rooftop lounge is special in terms of the music and the ambiance.Drinks are pretty pricey in my opinion here but if you come on a day where it's half off drink specials then it's totally worth it.I love house and techno and the djs play the right songs which make me only love this place even more.Another plus is the canopy lounge that everyone has raved about. I have nothing bad to say about this place except the bartenders have to not look like they hate being there on a Friday night, true the service was relatively fast but they need to wipe off the attitude off their face.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,10/13/2011,108,70,,4,4>Let me start out by saying, this is a sports bar -- not 5 star dining.  This place is huge so it can accommodate a large crowd and there are a lot of TVs to catch your favorite games.They recently revamped the menu.  The food is reasonably price and what I would expect from a sports bar in terms of quality.  I highly recommend the pizza.I'm headed back on Monday night to watch the Bears game.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/15/2013,78,166,,3,3>A friend of mine who was in from out of town asked for us to take him here, as it was one of his favorite eats from when he used to live in the area.  When we walked in the door, everyone working dropped what they were doing to greet my friend like he was a member of their family.  Since he had been talking about eating here for days, my expectations were pretty high, and we were not let down.  The bruschetta was delicious and my spin-occoli pizza was very tasty.  I can see this being a location that I return to, even when my friend isn't in town.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,9/14/2013,67,382,3,4,2>So, you're a tourist, and you've had it up to HERE with the amusement parks? Wanna try something uniquely Floridian?  Well, here ya go.  Let me start by saying its a decent price for what you get. Let me say that I was a little put off by a "big 17 passenger" boat. (Actually, it's a 15 pax, plus skipper, and jupseater.)    We paid our dues, poked around (There's a restaurant across the parking lot that serves Gator, and there's a chance to handle a Baby Gator right next door), then boarded for an hour long tour with Captain Kirk. Really.  First off, you can tell that he's a good guy, as he starts with the safety briefing ("If you fall out, just stand up- the lake's not that deep in most places"), then shows you the ear muffs, and life vests.  The boat itself is in good shape, and yeah, it's a little loud, but really not bad at all. Capt. Kirk knew all the right places to see nesting birds, American Alligators- we saw a 12 footer- and nesting birds.  You can tell he's been driving airboats for a long time. Why four stars? Well, honestly, when we locals get another group of friends to come down and visit us, we'll take them here. And, that's a pretty good endorsement!
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/13/2013,39,339,2,4,2>This place was AMAZING!I bought a Living Social deal for here and as we were driving over, my wife looked at the reviews.  We were a little hesitant after reading them, but found that our experience had nothing negative to report.  In fact, it was GREAT!My wife and I were seated at a table upon arrival and we had only a short wait before others arrived.  I ordered a Sahara Roll as an appetizer and it was AMAZING.  I highly recommend that.  Our order was cooked in front of us and the chef did a pretty great job.  The portions were large and everything was delicious.  After dinner, there were a few extra pieces of chicken left.  The chef took turns tossing pieces into each of our mouths.  Then he had some Sprite in a squeeze bottle and squeezed Spite into mouths across the hibachi grill too.  Not a drop went anywhere but in our mouths!Fun times all around!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/12/2013,71,131,,8,3>Had an amazing time at the soft opening tonight.  There is seating inside at the bar and tables and outside there are a few tables as well.  I really enjoyed all of the food.  Service is top notch!  The duck pizza was so good and had a thin and crispy crust.  I had a pint of cigar city jai alai as well.  They have some great craft beers as well as wine available.   The watermellon salad is so refreshing and light.  The potato chips are crisp and golden but a little too salty for my taste.  The bison burger I ordered medium rare was cooked perfectly and I ended my meal with a delicious donut!  I'm looking forward to many more nights here!
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/11/2013,79,238,3,4,2>I've been disenchanted with Orlando's lack of flower markets since I moved here. I certainly believe we have the population to support such a business. A year ago I couldn't find a flower wholesaler on Google but decided to try again for my birthday party. I found this one right away and emailed one of the owners to make sure it was open to the public. Rob wrote back nearly immediately and let me know they had many flowers and I could come by any time. This shop is in an industrial area of Orlando, right by the bread factory and near the SODO district. However, it didn't give me a seedy vibe at all, probably because it was during the day. We met Rob and he directed my friend and me to the giant flower fridge. He had many flowers available and from the sounds of it, he could special order just about anything. Their cost is very reasonable! We walked away with two armloads of flowers for less than $40. This is certainly less expensive than the bouquets in Target or Publix. I strongly recommend checking this place out if you're having a party...from birthdays to baby showers as well as holiday arrangements. I'm so glad there's finally a flower market in Orlando!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,9/10/2013,85,124,,4,2>As a cycling enthusiast I am a fan of this place. Solid sandwiches, best enjoyed after cooling down from a ride, with healthy options (veggie, turkey, chicken salad, etc). They also have good salad options and soups as well. Don't forget their craft beer offerings, not a large selection, but all worth it.In honor of the Bordeaux they are also offering wines by the glass and bottle. Most of their selections are US (Napa, Oregon) with one or two from France and Italy.The decor is cycling friendly, with paintings and drawings with that theme. They also show footage of past Tour de France races.  Overall a nice place to visit.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/9/2013,323,572,,7,2>Came here recently with some girlfriends and wow, was I impressed! The location is way back in a shopping center and I totally would've never noticed it if I was driving by. I was expecting a Melting Pot kind of experience but this is totally better!  The vibe is more laid back and less stuffy and formal.  We went with a deal they were having which was a 3 course menu for $18! I started my meal with a wild berry sangria. Very yummy and refreshing.  The highlights of the meal (for me) was the 5'cheese fondue. Wow! They gave us plates of breads, veggies and fruit to dip in the cheese. So good. The meat, chicken and shrimp came out next which we cooked on hot stones that were placed on the table. I liked this option MUCH better than cooking in a broth/fondue. As for dessert, there were several choices for fondue. 2 friends went with the chocolate mudslide while myself and another friend went with chocolate turtle. What a treat ! We dipped marshmallows, strawberries, rice Krispy bars, brownies, etc. it was a chocolate smorgasbord! I highly recommend this place for a fun date night or girls night out!  To be on the safe side, make a reservation and wear your  pants with elastic. You'll need them after the feast you will be having! :)
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,9/8/2013,49,139,,6,3>Before even stepping in to Seito Sushi, I have to admit that I did a little research on the various sushi places around Orlando. After wanting sushi for quite a while, I do have to say that Seito Sushi satisfied our craving. Located in Baldwin Park, Seito Sushi is a modern, upscale restaurant that still has very affordable rolls and specialty rolls of sushi, along with bento boxes and all of the staple Japanese foods as well (chicken teriyaki, etc). We decided to go with the fanciest roll on the menu, the Distinguished Gentleman, as well as a classic Salmon & Cream Cheese roll. Our food was delicious, and honestly the sushi was light enough that it really made me want to try one of the desserts, which included red bean or green tea ice cream, or even tempura ice cream. The other thing I enjoyed while dining here was the good service. Our waitress was patient when it took us a while to decide on which rolls we wanted to try, and got us anything we needed right away. My one word to the wise, however, would be to either arrive to Seito Sushi early or even make a reservation in advance because typically (especially on a Friday or Saturday night) there is usually a wait for a table, even if it is just a ten-fifteen minute wait. Although there are outside dining tables in addition to inside tables, we all know that the way the weather is in Orlando, eating outside typically isn't the best choice. Also, the parking situation in downtown Baldwin Park can be less than ideal, with parallel street parking (hint: drive around the corner and look for the open parking lot area in the back of Baldwin park). But all in all, I definitely think that my partner in crime and I concur on the fact that we will definitely be dining at Seito Sushi again in the near future. And hopefully, I can get my dessert next time.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,9/7/2013,129,86,4,4,4>We went to Royal Thai because we heard it was good from some people at sushi pop. So we went one as after noon for lunch and it was pretty empty except for us and an older couple. It was s around Halloween at the time so when we came in there were some pumpkin custard sitting in the front that looked interesting so I decided that's what I was going to have for dessert and I hadn't even eaten lunch yet. Our server gave us a seat on the outer dining room, I guess you would call it. It almost seemed like an indoor patio. I ordered something I can't spell but it was chicken smothered in an amazing peanut sauce with a mound of rice and a cute flower shaped carrot in the center. AJ got sweet and sour pork I think. I didn't really care because my lunch was so good it was hard to pay attention to anything else. But then came my distractions, they were tiny ones mind you, but distractions all the same. And they are the reason I only gave four stars.... ants. Little tiny ants, marching in a single file line at the edge of our table. Now I'm not squeamish when it comes to bugs mind you. I've eaten ants before. I even calmly squished these ones without making a fuss. I just don't thing a restaurant with bugs in it of any kind deserves five stars.But will this deter me from coming back? Never. My lunch was so good it was all I could do to not lift my plate up to my face and lick it. So I was forced to scrape as much up with my spoon as I possibly could. And then that pumpkin custard inside of the pumpkin itself with the coconut milk on top absolutely did me in. I've been dreaming about it since then. I'm pretty sure it's a seasonal thing but I hope not.  So thank you for the meal, Royal Thai. I will be back to bow down to you soon.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/6/2013,106,267,4,11,4>I have to say the best part about being a foodie is the wonderful places and people I get to see and meet. Or should I say eat. Today was an extraordinary experience. I was unable to get pics of the interior. Hope to be back soon and I will take photos of the inside. When I walked in there were some locals having their lunch. It was about 12:15pm. Located 192 just a tad west of Michigan. Inside the plaza where you see the sign that says La Fuente, next to the Merry Maids. It could be easy to miss if you are not looking out for it.I had the pleasure of meeting Eugene and Mia, the new owners of the "New" Philippine Fiesta Restaurant. This was previously owned by someone else with the same name and Eugene and Mia have now taken ownership since February 23, 2013. The food was amazing! Don't let the old reviews fool you. This is under new management now and this is not what it used to be. Eugene and Mia have made this the best hidden gem in Kissimmee when it comes to authentic Filipino food.Bagoong Rice with chicken, cucumber slices, tomato slices, and mango. This was suggested by Charms L, who I actually got to meet at the restaurant today. She asked if my dish was good and asked if I could pose with two thumbs up. I explained who I was and she had read a previous blog of mine. What a small world. Great to meet you Charms! This dish was phenomenal. The fried rice was beyond amazing and the chicken was delicious. Mia recommended I try it with the chicken. Mia, excellent suggestion!Pinalasing na hipon (crispy shrimp). Mia was nice enough to have me try this. Amazing crispy shrimp that you just pop in your mouth and eat. What a perfect dish.Filipino Putopao. Last, but not least, dessert. This happens to be a product that Charms L makes and it is sold at Fiesta. This is Yummy! As I have said many times before, the food has to be great, but the customer service and the owners have to be amazing as well. Here at Philippine Fiesta you get them both. Enough said.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,6/6/2010,68,199,,7,2>Kristin is right-- this place is awesome! Casual atmosphere, friendly service and great ingredients come together to make liquid nitrogen ice cream. Custom orders are their specialty, as everything is made with a liquid vanilla ice cream base to which you add mix-ins. Today, I got nutella with cinnamon and pistachios, and my coworker got mint chocolate chip, both of which were fabulous. Even with the price being $5, you get a HUGE amount of ice cream for the money, mixed when you place your order. Definitely give it a try, and bring friends.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,6/5/2010,35,60,,6,3>I love Freshfield's Farms. I wish that it was closer to my house. Shopping there significantly reduces our grocery costs. They offer both organic and locally grown food for some vegetables, and the meat prices are always fair. We've made dinner for under $20 for 6 people when we had people over a few months ago.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,6/4/2010,54,20,6,6,6>Good coffee, great staff, fun atmosphere, and it's RIGHT NEXT to beefy King. All around win!Good pastry, too.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,6/3/2010,79,238,2,14,4>This is the only baking supply shop I've been able to find in Orlando since I moved here. Their website is really fantastic and gave me an excellent idea of what they were all about before I even got there. I was in for a surprise, though. They are way more stocked with goodies than I thought. Imagine my amazement at finding a huge bottle of Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract for about a dollar an ounce. Considering it's about $25 for a few ounces at Williams-Sonoma and Sur La Table, it's a steal! They're also an approved Wilton supplier so they have just about everything Wilton makes. I would visit D & G before visiting any sort of party supply store since they have all sorts of themed party supplies including cupcake decorations for all occasions. They even have huge containers of restaurant-grade ranch dressing - you can't find that in any grocery store! I talked to the owner and he's a really nice guy. They've been working hard on their website and I told him to check out Yelp. Hopefully more people will review his store and this can be a good way for him to get customers. It's a mom and pop kind of shop and I really dig that.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,6/1/2010,44,78,,4,4>I love going here. This place is great. The staff is usually top notch, the atmosphere is wonderful and the food is terrific. First off is the location. It's right in front of Aloma Cinema Grill near the Publix/Outback strips. The parking can be an issue if you have to find a space over by Dunkin Donuts, but it's not too far. The interior is colorful and since I love The Beatles, it's even more cheery! They have Beatles stuff on the walls. The service is usually good. Occasionally, when it gets busy, it's slow, but never too bad. The restrooms have always been clean. Since I'm a  restaurant cleanliness nut, I always check this kind of stuff. They also have a few TV's showing ESPN or something along those lines. The servers have always been accommodating, even when asking to change channels. We go for the food though. I've had salads, pizza, subs and calzones. They have all been good. The toasted subs have good flavor with fesh veggies and just the right amount of sauces/mayo or whatever. The pizzas have a nice sauce and an even better crust. One unique item on the subs is sprout. At first it sounds rather gross, but it's not. I feel less guilty about eating a sub when it has sprouts on it!They also have quite a beer selection. Try a few, you may be surprised! I'm a fan and will go back every few months as usual!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,5/31/2010,141,222,6,7,6>Way late on the Stardust bus but I had such a nice lunch today.I hadn't been in for quite some time. They've definitely made quite a few changes since the old "coffee and soda only" video shop that they once were.I had the Rob Reiner meatloaf sandwich and holy cow. There was too much sammich here for me to finish. I nearly developed a relationship with it. "But Squid.. I thought you loved me", "Oh I do sammich, I do, but you see, I have to give salad a chance here". I got to wash this marvelous meaty manly mammich down with a nice cold can of Dale's Pale Ale, which is nice on a Sunday afternoon.They've come a long way over the years and each improvement has been for the better. It's a great place to have something delicious and a lovely day.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,5/30/2010,18,37,,7,3>Don't get me wrong, I love Mills Market, but I continue to be less than amazed by the consistency of service. One of the ladies who works behind the counter is downright grumpy and I've never seen a deviation in that mood, regardless of the time of day, alignment of her moons, etc. They are also painfully slow at times and lose track of orders when it gets busy. Yet, I still give this cute little eatery 4 stars because I love the food and the atmosphere. The Grateful Bread sandwich is huge and tasty. I'm not normally a fan of french toast, but they use just enough egg on cinnamon bread so it's a little crunchy and not at all soggy... delicious. The sangria is passable, but the mimosas are excellent and served by the pitcher. It's also a great place to stop for a good 6-pack or bottle of wine.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/29/2010,83,136,4,12,5>Tucked away on W Colonial from the rest of the asian stores on E Colonial, 1st Oriental is the largest asian grocer in Orlando I've been to. They have pretty much most of my asian food needs.  Ranging from bakery, cooked meat, cookware, frozen food, snacks, beverages, fresh produce,  fresh seafood, meat to dried goods.  i have also found them to be better priced than the smaller grocery stores.  i love their fried glutinous rice dumplings from the bakery and the roast duck from the cooked meat section. TRY IT!:) you get coupons for spending above a certain amount ($50 i think).  Nothing compared the chinese grocery stores i'm used to in NYC but 5 stars for being as good as it gets in central florida!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,5/28/2010,181,355,,6,5>I may be a bit overzealous giving a 5-star review, however I think the Winter Park Fish Co. (WPFC) has so much going for it that I will grant them the honor.I didn't know this place existed until a friend mentioned it today. The location is Fairbanks Ave., just a few blocks West of Park Ave (between Ravenous Pig and Fiddler's Green, if you will). It's the old Lee's Liquors apparently...Upon arriving, it was quickly evident that WPFC is going for the beach shack/fish market motif. A pervasive nautical theme runs throughout the establishment, beginning with outdoor shack style patio/seating area that is intermittently covered by sheets of aluminum and wood. There's a beautiful fountain in the entryway, which I found charming.The interior is something at which to marvel. It's a mash-up of a fish market, with a display case of chilled fish and a large wooden counter top, and a cozy dining room with nestled booths and tables, all within the space of a couple hundred square feet. The decor itself is impressive... It's well thought out, with just the right amount of boating equipment, sea-faring memorabilia and iconic kitschy-ness that you'll think you're at the coast of a hip city. Here, the ambience is enchanting as opposed to obnoxious (think clutter on the walls/ceiling of a TGI Fridays.) As for the other aspects of the interior, I haven't seen such perfect balance of color, lighting, building materials (brick/wood/tile/metal work), and props in recent memory. One vintage TV set overhead was showing a classic film about ocean life, in B&W. Very cool.The menu is replete with a host of typical seafood fare, while offering more types of fish than most restaurants around here. There were many other interesting creations as well, including fish wraps referring to a 'cones'. I opted for something simple--a salmon burger with fries and cole slaw ($8.50). It was a perfectly sized and cooked slab of fish. The cole slaw was about the best I've had. My friend got something called the Grouper Cheeks, a parchment wrapped cut of fish with seasonings, with couscous and vegetable. He loved it!Staff is very friendly and tries to ensure your experience was pleasant. Multiple people passing by our table asked if we needed anything. We spoke to the owner(?) for a few moments, and he was polite and attentive as well. To reiterate: 5 stars for atmosphere, hospitality, menu choice, quality and taste of food, and novelty. I can imagine this place having a perpetual line out the door within the next month or so.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,5/27/2010,81,102,4,3,4>I have memories of being 7 years old and my mom making my dad stop at Toojays in Palm Beach Gardens on the way back from Miami to get some chop liver, balck and white cookies and  loafs of there rye bread to give to there friends. I have so many favorites here but if I had to narrow it down to 3 it would have to be the matzo ball soup, black and white cookies and banana dream cake. For dinner there chicken marsala and lasagna are really good. For breakfast you have to get there lox and bagel and corn-beef hash. A tip is if you are dinning with someone else who likes lox order the platter over the bagel sandwich and then just order an extra bagel the platter has plenty enough salmon for two bagels. Also if you have never had a Dr. Brown Soda you have to try one. All and all Toojays is no New York deli but definitely the closest thing you will find in Orlando.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,8/10/2014,125,9,4,6,5>There is a reason that Park Ave Cds is known around the world.  Selection, prices and staff.  Plain and simple.  I barely frequented Park Ave Cds in its original location in Downtown Winter Park.  However, once it moved to the more appropriate neighborhood of Audubon Park, I found myself to be a regular visitor.Not being well versed in music(at least initially), I was a little apprehensive about shopping in the store.  Those fears were squashed the first time that I reached out to an employee for guidance.  Courteous and respectful, they not only pointed me in the right direction but also provided suggestions for similar genre bands to the one that I came to store seeking.I find both their prices on new items as well as used items to be affordable and appropriate.  Top all of this off with cool and crazy in store events and you'll find that Park Ave Cds has all of the  makings of "big city" vinyl store but also has heart and soul that makes it feel connected to our local community.  You won't do better in Orlando.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/9/2014,89,238,2,5,3>It's like a hidden secret! My favorite spot in Orlando for drinks and a quick bite. The fact that it's attached to the Enzian theatre makes for a nice spot to go on a date with my wife. The surroundings are beautiful. Large trees and plants, along with a large yard make you forget that you are on a main road with heavy traffic. The staff is super cool and they serve quality beers. The list isn't huge like some places, but there are some craft beers as well as higher quality domestic brands available. The crowd here is also super cool and respectful. The food used to be excellent, but now I would just say it's good (sometimes very good, sometimes just 'good') Whenever we go to a movie at the Enzian, we like to get here 60-90 minutes beforehand to relax at Eden. Just go, you'll love it.I shall return.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/8/2014,44,33,4,7,5>This place is totally a lil gem!I walk in today with excitement because I have heard how yummylious this place is. I go in the place it had several people there for a early morning Thursday. The smell of freshly baked goods slaps you on the face as soon as you walk in. Now my bf and I stand there with a confused look on our face should we order food like we had previously discussed?  Or should we buy all the sweets that are in the front counter screaming out "pick me" "eat me". I decided to order the egg biscuit and he ordered the tuna sandwich on sourdough. Good things come to those who wait YES THEY DO. WE waited a lil while for freshly baked biscuits and it was totally worth the wait. The food comes out and my very picky bf takes a bite out of his sandwich and grunts mmm... as hes eating. The first bite I took out of my biscuit made me hate the fact that it was ever going to finish. So savory and delicious you can really taste the pride and love these people prepare their food with.After we finished we were a lil sad so we indulged in the oatmeal whoopie pie and the chocolate cake.NO MORE WORDS NEED TO BE SAID JUST GO!!!!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/7/2014,175,93,6,8,4>The word of the day is legit!  Three visits, and three home runs.  I drove by this place a couple of times before actually finding it in a little, nondescript little strip plaza.  The exterior of the restaurant is nothing to look t, and that's almost always a good sign to me.  There's something refreshing to me about seeing an owner working the line, and that's exactly where the oft photographed José was during each of my visits.  Service is only ok, with the language barrier being the biggest hindrance. I was able to put a few years of Spanish class to good use and managed to navigate the menu and converse with our server.  Where Tacos Express Florida really shines is the food.  Fresh would be the understatement of the year.  The salsa and toppings bar is fantastic.  The pico is amazing and the "orange" habanero sauce will leave you begging for a duple of gallons of water.The tacos are out of this world.  Possessing slightly thicker than you'd expect corn tortillas (they remind me of the ones I'd find in Arizona), there is a plethora of options.  An absolute steal at $1.25 - $1.50 each.  Normally, I'm a sucker for pork carnitas, and while they were great here, it's the Pastor tacos that stole my heart.  If you're adventurous, try the tripe and tongue tacos.  If you have no limits, ask for the brain.  It's something else.  Two weeks, three trips to Tacos Express Florida.  Hell, just writing this review has me thinking about number four.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/6/2014,111,174,3,4,6>I was a licensed massage therapist for 19 years and practiced for 15 of those. Over the years I worked in most every aspect. I had my own private practice, I worked in the chiropractic industry, I supervised the staff at a large resort Hotel spa and I taught at a massage school. I also have a lot of issues after that many years of doing bodywork. In all that time I never had structural integration/ rolfing work done but I always had it in the back of my mind that someday I really wanted to receive this work because I thought it would be really beneficial. But I'll be honest - I'm picky. I struggle to find therapists who know their stuff and afford me the opportunity to take off my LMT hat and just receive. Amen and hallelujah, Lu is my girl! I went in yesterday for just an introductory consultation appointment. Two day before that, totally unrelated to the issues I was having when I made the appointment, my left shoulder became so painful I couldn't raise my arm. Having fairly recently finally recovered from a frozen shoulder episode on that side which took close to a year and a half, I was devastated to think that I might be heading right back down that path again. Seriously I couldn't move my arm. I needed help getting my shirt off. I hadn't slept well in several days because I couldn't get comfortable. I was worried I had done some real damage to my rotator cuff and did not go into this appointment thinking that there was anything she could do to help me in that regard. In fact I was pretty bummed that I may not get much out of my session with such an acute and painful distraction. So I'll cut to the chase. Lu worked on me as part of the initial introductory appointment. I was surprised actually by how not painful the work was given all the issues I have and I really felt a difference when I got up. But my shoulder was still really painful and I still couldn't lift my arm. When I went to bed it was still the same. When I woke up this morning it was as if it never happened. I had full range of motion back and barely any discomfort at all. Nothing. Can you see that? It's me waving hello from across the room, with my arm in the air.In all my years in this industry getting bodywork, taking workshops, and studying with different teachers I have never had a response like this to work before. Never. I can't speak to whether or not she followed a specific protocol. This was my first Rolfing experience ever. But whether it was to the letter protocol or her own interpretation of what needed to be done based on what was going on with me I don't care because what I do know is I walked in yesterday unable to raise my arm and with tears in my eyes from the pain and today it's all gone.Will I recommend her to anyone and everyone who will listen? You bet. Will I be back on her doorstep next week to begin a full series? Sure will. Did I find anything about how she worked on me or approached my problems to be unprofessional, aggressive or painful? No. The few times she worked an area at or near the limit of my tolerance I told her and she made adjustments. She listened, she was caring and knowledgable. I keep raising my arm to make sure it's still OK. It is! So.Blown.Away.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/5/2014,23,7,4,6,6>If you like vegan cuisine and local food, Dandelion is the place to be. With some of the freshest, healthiest ingredients, Dandelion has easily become my favorite restaurant in the Orlando area. As a vegan, it's comforting knowing that everything on the menu can be 100% cruelty-free. Upon entering the cafe, which is found inside an adorable hippie-esque house, you immediately feel the positive vibes from the friendly workers and satisfied customers. On Mondays you can find me there each week eating their deal of the day, $5 vegan chili bowls with a side of their famous hummus and green goddess sauce. Hands down my favorite meal. If you've never eaten here before, prepare yourself for there is a good chance you may get addicted to the natural, delicious meals and awesome environment.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/4/2014,426,190,1,8,2>Food is so good I'm back again for my birthday lunch! Authentic Brazilian food cooked by Brazilians........everything that comes out of this kitchen is amazing. The menu changes daily and they only have 2 to 3 specials each day. Capacity is only about 30 but this small quaint place is definitely worth checking out. The decor is very cute and eclectic with lots of frames and it feels like a little tour of Brazil. The service is spot on and very friendly and welcoming. My new favorite place for a home cooked meal.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/3/2014,126,73,5,3,4>What a great to eat at and get to watch some tv. I didnt know this place existed until the other day when I was told to make a U-turn to get some tacos that were only 99 cent. I got more than I asked for. It was a great time that I had with the employees and meeting really interesting colorful people. They made the experience more awesome than what it already was. The place is a nice size with a bar area, a restaraunt area, and oyster bar area also. I like the fact that they have 3 different separate areas to chill and have some fun. Also they have an old school classic arcade game, Miss PacMan, which just put me over the top!!!! The bartenders were very helpful and accomodating with their service. They are some of the best bartenders I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I would definitely recommend them over and over again. If you happen to go, ask for Melinda, Angie, and Mike, they will definitely take care of you. One of the cool things about the bar is that you can drink out of a FISH BOWL!!!!! Yeah thats right you heard me correctly, a FISH BOWL!!!!! You can have beer or alcohol inside a clean fish bowl, minus the fish. I didnt try it, but I will definitely try it the next time that I go. Trust and believe I will definitely go back.  Overall, I enjoyed my experience and want to really, really, really, really go back and do some more hunting on the menu.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/2/2014,1408,1403,3,6,2>This is a great park with lots of things to do for kids and adults. They have lots of organized activities, or you can come out and enjoy the trails to walk, bike or blade. It is a very scenic park, with lots of views of the river. It is very popular on nice weekends.I hit this park from time to time when riding my bike. On one ride, my friend had a mechanical issue with his bike, and needed to use a tool. We found a park employee who led us to their shop and let us do the repair. So the folks that work there are topnotch.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,8/1/2014,323,572,6,7,7>I missed the Yelp event back in the fall for the Greenwood Cemetery Moonlight Walking Tour so when I found out that they had dates lined up for free upcoming tours I made sure to calendar so that I could RSVP.  Apparently they fill up fast as there were 40+ people on the wait list. Luckily, I was able to snag tickets for my husband and I. After reading other Yelpers reviews, I made sure we arrived a little early so that we could park along the street near the gates.   I found out there is always a charity featured at every tour where donations are welcome but not required. For our tour, it was the Canine Companions. There were even dogs there with their trainers along with a woman who has a canine companion of her own. The tour starts at 8pm and is about 2 hours long . LIke others have suggested, wear comfortable walking shoes because you will be walking through gravesites and around the entire cemetery. Also, dress cool as it was quite humid. Some people also brought OFF spray which was actually pretty smart.   I would also recommend bringing a bottle of water but , just a note, the restroom is at the beginning of the tour . Don was a great tour guide, so animated  and obviously loves giving this tour. He ran the cemetery for 28 years and this was his first tour, post retirement, as he retired several weeks ago!  It was really cool to hear sooo many stories about the namesakes of sooo many Orlando landmarks.    Especially for someone who hasn't lived in Orlando all her life.    This is definitely a must for any local history nerd , resident and all around lover of all things Orlando. On a side note- sitting on headstones is a big no-no. How about some respect?  I was appalled that someone thought that was ok. I'm sure someone is rolling around in their grave ....
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,7/19/2011,108,251,3,6,6>45 reviews and the yet the lobster roll has not been mentioned? Oh, I am gonna have to rectify this immediately. There are three foods that make up my holy triumvirate of sorts - chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits and lobster rolls. All are a bit difficult to find in Orlando so when I find a good one I'll definitely be coming back.When it comes to lobster rolls, there are actually a few schools of thought. There's mayonnaise v. butter, toasted bun v. untoasted bun, Old Bay v. fresh herbs, with fries v. without, and probably some other debatable fine points. When you're dropping 20 bills on a sandwich you're entitled to nitpick a bit on the details right? Moving on to the actual subject at hand, Winter Park Fish Co. turns out lobster tossed with celery and mayo on a lightly toasted bun, with a bit of dill - and each one I've had has had a sizable portion of claw meat to it. It's served with fries and they're not bad, but I think I saw someone get a salad w/ theirs instead (blasphemy)... I'd give it five stars if they offered a drown-it-in-butter option, but maybe that's just personal preference.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,7/18/2011,149,191,11,8,8>If you want a regular mans or boys haircut, with no attempt to sell you frou frou manscape 'cremes' and lotions, this is where you want to go.I didn't see Floyd the barber there, but I think his cousin cut my hair!(#3, square the back.) The place is clean, and there are usually three barbers on duty so waiting is kept to a minimum.Boys get a sucker or a Tootsie roll if they sit still, and everyone gets a haircut in a friendly place at a very friendly price: $10.00 plus tip.I don't think they do waxing, perms, or other girly man stuff here (how would I know, why should I care?).Its a barber shop.If a barber shop is what you want, this is your place!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,7/17/2011,131,243,4,10,7>Another one of those "Really - you're a restaurant in my backyard, and I didn't know you existed!!"Romansa is of Serbian/Croatian pedigree, but the menu is Balkan-European eclectic, and beyond.  I'm not sure if they've decided they want to be a sub-shop or a DINING establishment, but they have everything from gyros to wiener schnitzel.  They were quiet when we went this Saturday evening.  Apparently, they have on tap Yuen Ling (and other nondescript but famous American brand(s) that starts with the second letter of the alphabet during Happy Hour for a buck a draught.)  Not a bad start, right?  The decor and equipment also suggests that this place turns into dance-club cum party town later on in the evening, but a 6:30, the only hint of that is found in the techno-pop that blasts through the speakers, a little too conspicuously, truth be known..  I get the impression that they're trying to be a lot of things to a lot of people.  But let's see what the FOOD is like.  That's the main thing when you go to a restaurant, right?We settled on the mahi for me and shrimp scampi for my wife ($15 a piece, incld. house salad and garlic bread).  We thought we'd try their bruschetta to see how far the Italian influence extends.  It irked me a little though, that they brought out the salad and garlic bread AHEAD of an item they put under "Appetizer".  In other words, it was salad and garlic bread first, and THEN they brought out the bruschetta!  I can half forgive the bruschetta having cheese on top (a sign of authenticity lacking, or perhaps a capitulation to the clientele).  The salad was of the iceberg variety, but thank goodness it was fresh.  For beverage,  my wife picked a pinot gris, which I pronounced prominently good, especially when it comes in one of those 3-gallon bottles (OK - it's a 1.5 L bottle) and costs only $4.50 - drinks almost like a NZ SV!  So I laid into a couple of those after the beer.Dinner came while we were still munching on the salad.  I took pix of both dishes.  The mahi portion was a little on the small side.  It was pan-fried and reasonably fresh, but a little under-seasoned (NOT a huge issue, since I'd rather it be under than over).  The so-called shrimp scampis are a nudge on the small side (must be 31+ size), but they were tasty and fresh.  It came on a bed of linguini, which was also fairly well prepared.  I ordered my fish with steamed broccoli, and was a little disappointed they they were quite butter-laden - there's a reason we ordered steamed vegetables, and putting on weight isn't it!All in all, not a bad experience overall, but the jury is kind of still out.  would like to come back to try some of the more authentic dishes.  If you're in this neck of the woods (SR 434 just west of 17-92 on the northside in the only big mall there is), give them a try.  They have some interesting burgers for a very good price: half-pound chopped sirloin, supposedly priced between $5 and $6!  I could find a very good reason not to cook during happy hour, downing one of those and a couple of cold ones!p.s. Stupidly left my sunglasses at the table.  Server Christy was on the horn within minutes of my arriving home.  Always put your name/phone number inside such items unless you're not at all prone to such incidents.  Thanks, Christy.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,7/16/2011,79,238,2,7,3>I've been to nearly all the parks and attractions in Orlando, and this one - perhaps surprisingly to most - is probably one of my favorites. It's inexpensive, there are a ton of discounts (FL resident, military, student and AAA) and who DOESN'T like seeing a million alligators? The one thing about Gatorland I love is that even though it's an attraction, it seems more like a gator sanctuary to me. Actually, there are tons of fish and other native birds that live there that aren't part of the exhibits. Other than gators, they have a petting zoo, parakeets, flamingos, turtles, snakes, and peacocks. I'm sure I'm forgetting something.They just opened a zipline attraction; I haven't tried it yet but it looks pretty cool.Don't plan on spending ALL DAY at Gatorland. You only need about 4 hours max... especially on HOT days. And for those hot days, get your kids to wear their swim outfits because they have an adorable little splash zone.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,7/15/2011,48,286,3,10,6>Located in a sketchy, half empty strip mall on 1-92 in Kissimmee is this tasty gem of a restaurant! A coworker brought me here for lunch today... and when I got back to the office, I was in such a good mood that my boss asked me if I had had a beer with lunch! When you head into the restaurant, there's a menu board, but it just lists what's available, not what it's made of. My recommendation is to grab a yellow to-go menu, which tells you what everything is, from the counter and have a seat to make decision. Someone will come and take your order, or you can place it at the counter. Assorted bottled beverages are available, fountain Pepsi products, and hot tea/coffee. I wasn't sure what to have, so I had the owner pick for me... I was brought out a gyro sandwich. Not huge, but not puny either... Just the perfect size for a lunch time nosh. The gyro meat was deliciously seasoned and came with tzatziki sauce, onions and Jerusalem salad (tomatoes, cucumbers, parsley & olive oil). I ate the last few bites, because I couldn't bear to leave them behind! My dining partner ordered the hummus, which came with a basket of warm pita quarters. It was beautifully presented with a garnish of sumac and olive oil. Very delicious, but had a bit too much tahini in it for me. But that wouldn't stop me from eating it again! This restaurant is open from 11 AM -11 PM, so it would be easy to get your nosh on when you need to! The outside seating area is built out, but there's no shade, so I'd be hesitant to sit out there if it isn't overcast. Free WiFi is available, although I didn't test it out on this trip. The menu also states, "The Best Hookah Flavors", so it's assumed that they have Hookah nights (can't type that with a straight face). Perhaps there's more information on that on the website. There's a great variety of menu items for both the carnivores and vegetarians in your group! In summary, I can't wait for more lunches, so I can make my way through the menu.Update:  On my second visit, I tried out the WiFi.  You have to ask for the password, and it's a looong one.  But the WiFi works and it's free. Wheee!
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,7/14/2011,44,67,,6,2>El Bodegon was as close as I have found to my experiences in Barcelona. The food was prompt and amazing, the service was very interactive. The music was a bit loud because we were right next to them, but that wasn't the restaurants fault, they had a very large party limiting them on where they could seat other patrons. What we ordered was the patatas a la brava (red potatoes in a red sauce, which does have a bit of a bite to it), empanadas de bacalao (cod fish empanadas), chorizo flambe (which I ordered according to previous reviews and was not disappointed), and the clam soup/stew (which, hands down was our favorite). We ended the night with the flan and some sangria.We were just 2 people ordering the 4 items, and the clam stew was much bigger than we anticipated. The overall experience was great, the food was very flavorful, the flan was clearly homemade, and the sangria was the correct balance of wine and fruit. I've been looking for a great tapas/Spanish cuisine restaurant in the Orlando area, and this really is a hidden gem along the Winter Park food strip of 17/92.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,7/13/2011,209,153,,5,5>I walked into Petty's today (second Saturday in a row) and noticed they didn't have the Jalapeno Cheddar burgers I was planning on grilling tonight. I took my number, got called, and asked just to make sure they hadn't been re-located. Well, it was true. They didn't have them. So they flippin MADE EM FOR ME! Right there! Dick went back and asked the guys to make six cheddar jalapeno burgers and they did! If that's not service I have no idea what is. I love this place. There's a reason I spend so much time here... they earned my business!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/12/2011,47,47,5,6,9>A good brewery isn't judged by the size of their tanks or by the number of reviews by an "In Crowd."  It's judged by the quality of their product and the discussion it invokes. Will you like every beer here? Probably not. Will you find something you do like? Absolutely.  Another solid Gem here in Orlando. Hidden, and way away from the snobby uptight types of Orlando. Thank God they can't find this place.  This is how I want my micro brewery to be, and this is what I'm used to, having lived in Colorado.  I know a lot of people want this place to go Big and compete nationally, but I don't. I think as it stands, is best; small, and local, with a very steady following.  Bristol Brewing (Colorado Springs, CO) is a good example of a small brewery that limits itself to the state of Colorado in order to protect the quality of their beer. I think no bigger than the state of Florida for Orlando Brewing is just fine by me. I hear a lot of noise from people that have violent outbursts about how much they hate this place. They point to mainstream or trendy "micros" of examples of good beers, and say that the Orlando Brewery puts out swill. Frankly, I think the medals on the wall speak for themselves; better and more sophisticated palates than mine have judged this place worthy, and told me what I already knew about this place.  Do I like everything on the Menu? Just about. My palate is pretty accepting of malted hoppy heaven. Yet I meet people that come here for only 2 of the beers, and swear by them, and will have a good natured discussion of the finer points of why they only like those, and not the others. Those are the people you will find here. People who honestly like beer, and not those that are self proclaimed "beer professionals."  The bar volunteers are awesome. The owners? They can be grumpy, cantankerous old farts at times, but endearingly so.  If you're nice to them, they'll be nice to you. Just don't be an ass. That's reserved for the brewmeister (who has his very own beer named after him: "Pompous Ass IPA.")  The guys here are proud of their product, and they are truly involved in the process from start to finish. They put their heart, soul, and occasionally their piss n' vinegar in the product. And it shows. You will be hard pressed to find a group of men who take as much pride in their product or willing to make sure you have a good beer. Lastly, I close by saying the bands they get are fun, and are foot stompingly entertaining. Everything is clean, and well taken care of. You won't find a better place to relax, talk, and have a beer; much less do all three of those things with the very men who crafted that glass of heaven in your hand. P.S. Lastly (again) - My personal favorite is the Blackwater Porter.  A gold medal all around, and honestly, one of the two best porters I have ever had. Period.  It's reminiscent of a well poured Guinness, which actually is not heavy in the primary sip at all. (if you haven't had a proper Guinness in Ireland, head to Claddagh Cottage on Curry Ford, and see what you're missing) Full of flavor, not heavy or chewy, and surprisingly light.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,7/11/2011,54,135,,4,4>Just opened today. Located in old Winn Dixie parking lot 17-92 and Heratio in Maitland.I had 2 Korean Chicken Bulgogi  taco's one on a corn tortilla and one on a lettuce wrap. They were both excelent. I also had a beef Korean taco on a corn tortilla it was my favorite.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,7/10/2011,243,268,8,5,5>Pho 88 Haiku:Ph Gà, perfect mealEach hot bowl comforts me so.Still fucking LOVE it.PSService has improved over the past year-yay!Last several visits, no culantro-boo.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/16/2011,293,472,7,16,10>Excellent!Thanks to Scott Joseph's SJO deals scottjosephorlando.com/d… I was able to attend a sneak preview of City Fire last night. The decor and design of the place is really well done, lots of wood and historic pictures of Orlando. Good Feng Shui. According to our server, Mike and their website: " the décor of the restaurant is inspired by the early to mid 1900's in the United States. City Fire celebrates the best qualities of the American Melting Pot."The menu is food on one side and drinks(wine, beer, etc.) on the other, which is nice because you don't have to keep flipping back and forth trying to decide what food you want as it's all on one page. They have appetizers, flatbreads, wraps and entrees. I found the prices to be fair which surprised me because the restaurant is so nice.To start off we ordered the Manchego cheese appetizer, Manchego is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain, remember Don Quixote? This appetizer was cooked hot and then covered with honey and truffle oil, served with crostini. The flavor was superb! Great first choice, the texture reminded me of Saganaki. Additionally I ordered a second appetizer which was the Chèvre(goat cheese) in a thick rich tomato sauce, it was served with a softer bread than the Manchego, I really liked being able to try each appetizer with both types of bread, so make sure you ask for some of each. It was good but if I had to choose I'd order the Manchego, I think the goat cheese loses some of it's richness when heated up.Next up I had the nutty cheesy salad(regular $6/ large $10), I never ate at Pebbles so I don't have the nostalgia about this salad that others might, but I do love nutty salads. It had sesame sticks, sunflower seeds & almond slivers with shredded cheese over what I think was iceberg lettuce :{ The salad was good but I think I would prefer it over a different type of lettuce. There were so many tasty sounding dishes and appetizers I may have ordered a little too much but I took one for my Yelp team so you could all know what to or not to order. Next up was the lobster bisque. It was thick and just the color I expected, it had a nice drizzle of Crème Fraiche on top. Delicious! I believe it was $6Finally the entrees($14-$24) the choices were: Salmon, Rainbow Trout, Pork Shank, braised Short Ribs, Filet Mignon with lobster tail or Foie Gras among others, this was a tough choice. I really wanted to try their sun dried tomato lasagna but since it was meatless and I had heard about their Chicken Vesuvius pasta, which is now a lasagna, I ordered that . It didn't come out like a traditional slice of lasagna, it was in a smaller bowl to keep it all together lightly broiled on top. It was tasty enough but not being a huge fan of chicken in general I probably should have ordered something different. If you like chicken then you will probably like this.Sorry I had no room for dessert. I'd definitely eat there again if I'm out that way. I'd be interested to see what the burger wraps and flatbreads are all about.All the staff and management were super friendly nice and interested in our experience. I hope this place does really well and I'd like to see a location in central Orlando sometime in the future.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,4/15/2011,631,1145,3,9,8>Peterbrooke Chocolatier is a sinfully delicious chocolate shop on Park Ave. in Winter Park. Just walking in a smelling all that chocolate makes you gain a pound! They have a small kitchen in the back of the shop where you can watch them making their goodies. There is something for everyone and they also do custom orders. Prices are STEEP, but what do you expect on Park Ave?? The chocolate is awesome though. They had samples of their chocolate covered popcorn and it was fantastic. I tried some of their Sea Salt Chocolate and was pleasantly surprised. It was smooth, rich, dark chocolate with the bite of added salt. It was yummy but was best enjoyed in small quantities because of its richness. This would be a GREAT place to pick up a gift basket for that hard-to-buy-for chocolate loving friend!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,4/14/2011,90,295,4,4,3>Great service, the waitress was so cute and sweet, I almost asked her to be my sister that I've always wanted.Great food too, since I don't eat eat pork, I had to ask them not to put pork in my favorite spring rolls. I was often told that they can't do it at other restaurants (probably b/c of lots were pre-made), but this place had no problem making my spring rolls without pork!!Anyway, I'd definitely go back again and practice my parallel street parking outside restaurant.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,4/13/2011,209,153,5,5,2>Step one: Go with a friend.Step two: One of you order the lobster mac and cheese, the other order the lobster grilled cheese sammach.Step three: Share and nom.That is all.One star comes off for the sheer loudness of the place - nearly impossible to have good convo - and like Lauren I would have to gripe that their menu should be bigger.  Otherwise - Downtown Pourhouse is absolute fantastic-ness. The black and tan burger IS yummy, but the two dishes I mentioned above are $12 each and PACKED with lobster.... Yummy, delicious, bright red, huge, claws and chunks of lobster. NOM!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,4/12/2011,181,355,4,7,5>Aye yay yay! Gringos Locos es bueno!Last night we swung in for dinner and it payed off nicely. I got a chicken and a beef double decker taco cuz I knew Colleen would be proud. Both were stacked and delicious in their own way. I also tried the "OG Nachos" with pork and those were slammin'! Huge chucks of tender pork generously strewn about the cheesy platter. Si, por favor!There's just enough on the menu to keep it interesting without giving you too many choices. A good balance. I'd like to try an empanada or a big ol' burrito next time. And the guacamole, yo.Staff was friendly and this place looks much better now, with giant murals on the walls and a more signature look. I'd like to see more options for beverages (fountain drinks FTW, and maybe some beer). Also, maybe a little less mainstream 90's alt rock in my face. We get enough of that at Graffiti Junction. Pero, I digress...Gringos serves as a nice alternative to pizza or hotdogs in the downtown food scene. This is the kind of place that could compel me to visit the area more often.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/11/2011,101,248,7,11,10>Ok, after trying BWP and the Korean Taco Box again in one day, I decided to try out Crooked Spoon the next day.Oh WOW! Wow! Damn them and their decadent mac and cheese. I ate the whole thing myself. Did I say ate? I meant INHALED! So yummy, creamy, and decadent! Was that Pancetta in there???I also tried the Black Forest Ham and Brie sandwich. Oh so good! Loved the caramelized onions!The homemade chips they threw in the bag were a bit over salted, but I was too full from everything else to even want them.Another home run for the food trucks! Awesome job. I will be back!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,4/10/2011,321,407,6,9,7>What a great surprise!  I lunched there on Monday.  I've seen the House of Spices sign there since the 1970s when I worked in the area, but never gave it any thought.  It turns out that this spot on SOBT is a little Indian mall, with a full-sized Indian grocery, other boutiques, and the Bombay Cafe in the very back.You order at the counter and they bring your food to you once it is ready.  I ordered way too much, starting with Bhajji Fritters (onion fritters), which is about the size of the bloomin' onion at Outback, but cut into spidery shapes.  It would have been a meal unto itself.I moved on to Masala Dosa and butter naan, just wonderful, and another huge portion.  I'll know better next time not to order so much.I arrived there after 1:00 on a Monday expecting to be the sole diner, but much to my surprise, the place was nearly three-quarters filled, all with Indian people, and me the lone Caucasian.  Many of the women diners were dressed in beautiful and colorful saris, and they were so friendly!  I also noticed how well they treated their children.Loved it!  It's all vegetarian and all wonderful!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,4/9/2011,115,241,,8,6>The smell of Nag Champa as you walk in... the pretty bobbles and gorgeous sparkly things everywhere... Avalon is not just a new age bookstore but also a place to peruse every nook and cranny of the store looking for beautiful works of pagan/wiccan art and the fine selection of jewelry I've only been able to find here.They hold readings here as well as some smallish workshops and book signings. I've been hard pressed to find a store anywhere in town that carries the vast stock of items they do. Sometimes they even have a little freebie bin in the front with books, etc.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,4/8/2011,151,45,5,7,7>I'll get this out of the way first: I'm a staunch supporter of all things Mellow Mushroom. I've been going to their various locations ever since I lived a block away from one when I was in college (and got substantially intoxicated on many occasions).Whether its Gainesville, Jacksonville, or Winter Park, I've always noticed the consistency in the experience that I've had at Mellow Mushroom. Always quirky, always friendly, and always relaxing and fun.You have to try their parmesan garlic pretzels. Made from the same dough that they use in their pizzas, these are the perfect appetizer for your pizza and almost serves as a preview of it. If you're going to eat here, make it a point to bypass the alcoholic staples of Bud Light, Miller Lite, etc. and get something you haven't tried before. There's always something on tap that's new and exciting for you to sample.On to the most important part: the pizza. This isn't the place to go if you just want a run-of-the-mill pie. Try the Philosopher's Pie, Kosmic Karma, or Funky Q Chicken pizzas for something delicious and out of the ordinary. If you're more of a traditionalist, you can build your own pie with whichever toppings you want. No matter what you order, you're in for a treat.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,4/7/2011,152,101,6,7,8>Was on my way home from Redlight Redlight and spotted this truck. Told the bf to pull over, as it was a serious matter. I figured the least we could do was get desert considering we just ate dinner. We did. I ordered the fried Twix. Yes, fried Twix. While we were waiting the owner (?) gave us a fried Oreo. It was aawwweeesooomme. Then he brought out their burger for a customer that was waiting. He let me take a picture of it because it looked pretty epic. Then not only did he bring out our Twix but said they were on the house! Then he brought us two more! He said that it was their opening day and just wanted to test em out on us. Lucky for us. They were freaking amazing. I can feel my arteries clogging right now as I write this. I can't wait to go back and try their other stuff. They have a "Chimoo" Sandwich which is chicken and beef. Get it? Mooooo....haha. Ok. They also have a fried hot dog.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,4/15/2013,398,313,5,5,3>Those damn Double D's...I can't keep them out of my mouth!  They are so big and delicious!  The texture of the homemade hard and soft shells combined with the queso and marinated meat topped with cool lettuce and juicy tomatoes and fresh cilantro.  Fan-freakin-tastic!  This is a great place to come after a night of boozing.  There's usually a long line after 1:30 am.  You also get a free sloppy taco by checking in on Yelp!  Their sloppy taco meat is similar to a sloppy joe's meat but in a soft shell taco!  Delicious!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,4/14/2013,89,238,,11,3>Best massage I've had in years!I'll be honest, I usually only get massages from Groupon or Living Social because frankly I don't have the budget to pay full price massages on a constant basis. Sadly, I am usually not happy with the result. Many offer only 'light touch' (which my wife can do to me while we watch tv, so why pay for it?) I have a very physical job and I need a strong deep tissue massage. Most places try to up-charge for this service, leaving me feeling duped. Not Central Florida Massage clinics. They give you whatever type of massage you want without nickel and diming you for anything beyond a light touch.The small place is clean and inviting. I had Karen as my massage therapist and she was great. At Times I wanted to yelp in pain, but in a good way. The massage was exactly what my poor back needed. Lot's of cracking and popping but it all felt so good when I was finished. I was actually walking upright for the first time in weeks instead of walking like a hunched over crab from the beating my back has been taking lately. The owner (forgot her name) was super cool and very professional. Obviously proud of her clinic, as she should be. I'll will definitely be back and I am sending my wife here as she also has a physical job that does a number on her back. Go here, you will thank me.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,4/13/2013,178,174,2,5,2>This place was a pleasant surprise! Even though I've heard good recommendations, I still wasn't expecting a lot from this casual Italian eatery. We went for lunch and since we had skipped breakfast, we were starving. We decided to start out with the calamari to keep us satiated until our entrees came. We realized that we really didn't need an appetizer since our meals came with salad and bread. I'm glad that we ended up getting the calamari though because it was really good, not chewy at all. For entrees we got the tortellini with prosciutto in cream sauce and the gnocchi in pink sauce. Both were great choices that I recommend trying. Our server even mentioned that she planned on having the gnocchi with the cream sauce later after seeing our food. I'll have to try that next time because it sounds like a fantastic combination! I think this place is going to become a regular local spot for us. Another great find thanks to awesome fellow Yelpers!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/12/2013,96,25,6,12,6>Teak usually comes up in conversations about good burgers in Orlando alongside housemade burgers from Oblivion Taproom and Junior's Colombian Burgers. Co-workers and fellow food bloggers alike have given me the same incredulous look that said, "You've never been to Teak?"Well, now I can confidently say I've been Teaked.The special occasion was a birthday dinner for my friend's husband, and our party must have taken up four tables. My friend called ahead to reserve tables for a Saturday night at the suggestion of the hostess, who said Friday nights are packed. My friend also handed the Teak staff a carrot cake, which they happily brought out after dinner with a ton of candles.First off, our waitress (petite brunette with glasses) was a sweetheart! Every time new people sat down at our table, she was right there taking new drink orders and getting appetizers started. The apps were delish, by the way. * GARLIC HERB CHICKEN WINGS: Crispy and well-seasoned with garlic and herby goodness; these wings stand on their own. No unnecessary batter, just wings. Parm and one of five featured sauces were also on the plate, although I didn't need any of them.* BEAN-LESS CHILI: Despite the lack of beans, this chili still has a nice body and texture. I'm a fan of thicker, more cooked down chili, but Teak's chili hit the spot on a cold night. There was not enough spice for my taste, but the chunky veggies and flavorful meat more than made up for it.And then there were the burgers! Thick and juicy housemade patties with a nice light char on the outside. Adam and I ordered:* COLOMBIAN BURGER: By far our favorite, the Colombian brought the yum with thickly cut pineapple slices and thick housemade potato chips. The Provolone was spectacularly melted all over the other ingredients, but the garlic and cilantro sauce somehow made itself known. This was a fabulous well-balanced burger. Unfortunately, I can't same the same for the Asian Invasion.* ASIAN INVASION: This burger, while good, suffered from too many toppings. I was looking forward to the scallion pancake and the crazy-wonderful mix of spicy Sriracha mayo with sweet Thai chili, but I only tasted a slight zing in the mayo. Although I'm a bread fiend, in the end there was a little more Brioche bun than burger. Make no mistake, I introduced this burger to burger heaven, but I may not order it again.The manager, Benjamin, just happened to walk by and saw a few birthday presents on the table -- special release pints of Clown Shoes' Let My People Go and Samuel Adams' Imperial White. He high-fived us on our beer choices and later returned to check on the food and service. Ben also geeked out with all of us about beer!Teak has a solid microbrew draft and bottle menu for a family-owned neighborhood place. Ben was happy to recommend beers for the beer-shy based on flavor profiles descriptions of previous beers. He also mentioned a few other local beer halls for the hop heads in our group to visit; Redlight Redlight, Eternal Tap, and Oblivion Taproom.Tasty specialty cocktails -- a Cotton Candy cocktail and Moscow Mule -- are also worth a try. For the old school bunch, traditional bottled brews like Bud, Corona, and Heineken are also on the menu.Teak is my new favorite neighborhood burger place, although they have a slew of other entrées including pastas, grilled protein, sandwiches, and flatbreads I have yet to try.In other words, go treat yourself to some epic burgers, solid apps, and good beers.Get Teaked!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/11/2013,469,289,3,7,4>This review is for Maxine's Brunch. I found myself delighted with the decor. This place is a small funky restaurant. I think Cindy Lauper helped Maxine decorate the place. It's a bit happy chic. The mimosa was a good mix and a good price for the quantity. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and I ordered the Eggs Benedict.My husband loved the chicken and waffles, the white gravy they put on them sent them over the edge. It came with scrambled eggs and potatoes, a very filling meal. My Eggs Benedict came with asparagus and potatoes. The hollandaise was nice and creamy, a perfect dream. The asparagus was also delicious, with all the heavier food I was thankful for a little veggie. They have a small kitchen so food might take some time but we found our service to be Excellent. I didn't think we had to wait to long at all. They also have a little stage section with local musicians come in and play, which only adds to the atmosphere. I enjoyed myself very much.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/10/2013,70,146,6,4,5>The Star Wars prequels.Seinfeld's series finale'LaSpada's Cheese Steak.One of these things is not like the other...Of the three trumped up, highly anticipated items on this list--only one came through and delivered.My God LaSpada's.My God.You can't add much to give a better endorsement of this establishment  than that which has already been said. Look down the page and it's nothing but accolades, and rightfully so.Friendly staff greets you at the door.I say, "It's my first time here."Gent behind the counter replies, "It won't be your last."You got that right Mac. In fact, I honestly wanted to go back for dinner that same day!Time to order. Knew we had to get the cheese steak, so got an 8 inch steak supreme as well as its cousin the chicken Philly supreme.Both were amazing. I'm not going to bore you with details, you know this to be true so just accept it as fact.Personally, I might say that I enjoyed the chicken better. Bites of melty cheese with the mayo and soft bread engulfed in tender chix. Bliss.The curly fries were awesome on the side to boot.I asked and they they hooked me up with a side of BBQ and hot sauce as well (I'm a saucy dude) Mixed them together to make a nice dip for the sandwiches. Didn't dip every bite--didn't want to insult the integrity of the original taste...but those bites I DID dip were just as much of a jackpot as those I did not.I can't wait to go back and try that burger topped with bacon and steak.Larry David and George Lucas should take note on how to live up to the hype.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,4/9/2013,130,122,5,12,4>Umm guys... I am hairless after half of my sessions at Fresh! Well, almost hairless. And for an Indian girl, that's a good thing. A very, very good thing.Too much information? Isn't that what Yelp is for?I wanted to wait to write a review for Fresh after I was halfway into my 8 sessions for full body laser hair removal. I am so unbelievably pleased! This place is a miracle worker!Amy (owner), Rachel (receptionist) and Eileen (laser tech) are fan-freaking-tastic. They are super nice and approachable, and they will work with you on everything: appointments, payments, etc.Warning: the laser hurts like a bitch... but I heard that it's much more painful for us brown girls. So, the lighter your skin, the less painful it will be. Yay!Oh, and they do tattoo removals too... I haven't gotten any sessions, but I have seen some before and afters - and boy, do they look amazing.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,4/8/2013,71,58,3,8,4>I've had my eye on this place since i saw the sign go up in the newly renovated plaza.   And finally the wait has come to an end and I'm pleased that Belle Isle has a new, palatable restaurant.  The last Belle Isle restaurant that opened fell way short so this is a much needed addition. The decor is modern and beautiful.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  And the food is tasty. On our first visit we both ordered pastas.  Now, with Spaghetteria being part of the name I'd love to see more pasta choices on the menu but the dishes we had were very good.  I had Pasta Del Giardino.  It had a lovely pesto sauce and vegetables: artichoke, mushrooms, tomoato and zucchini served with 2 think slices of bread - all of it was great. My boyfriend had the Alfredo and it was delish! The alfredo sauce was warm, rich and amazing.  I will definitely be ordering this on my own some time. We also had a bruschetta to start .  They have a sizable wine list and several beers to choose from as well. We have also ordered a pizza to go.  it was filled with delicious ingredients but I wish we had eaten it hot and fresh out of the oven because it just wasn't the same. This is definitely a place to check out whether you live in the neighborhood or you're just passing through.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/7/2013,181,355,5,7,4>YOLO, son!It's a farm-to-table burger joint with an extensive menu and dozens of beers. There are copious burgers to choose from. I've had the #2 and the #3. Both were perfect. The whole menu looks great. Brioche buns are the best, and they know this here. They seem to make their own ketchup too, and it's very good. I want to try the pulled pork sandwich badly. It's got watermelon jicama salad and bourbon BBQ sauce. Gelato milkshakes!The music is 90's rock and pop, so be prepared to hear Blind Melon and Alice in Chains songs. I'm not sure what kind of music best accompanies burger eating though.It's the old 4 Rivers location. Parking isn't good and seating is strictly outside. Prices are a bit high. A burger and beer would run you about $14.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,4/6/2013,304,661,4,10,8>Blu On the Avenue is located on Park Ave just south of the intersection of New England Ave, across from the Pottery Barn and next to 310 Park. The space has been lightened and brightened since the Spice steak and sushi days, the space is open, contemporary and chic (pic). The left side of the restaurant features a large bar with 2 waterfall features dominating the wall behind the bar. (pic) The front of the restaurant is open, leaving a nice view of Park Avenue and giving the front (inside) section an alfresco dining feel, similar to it's sister restaurant next door, 310 Park. There were umbrellas over the tables on the sidewalks and the front of house and outside seating quickly filled with diners to enjoy the beautiful day.I stopped in with friends the first weekend featuring brunch, which is available on both Saturdays and Sundays. Mimosas, white sangria and Bloody Marys with inhouse made tomato based mix are featured on special for $4 each. The Bloody Mary was savory, spiced well and not featuring much heat. Hot sauce available upon request. Good proportion of vodka to Bloody Mary mix and garnished with a celery stalk, lime slice, lemon slice and a large olive. White sangria was a nice mix of fruity sweetness and white wine, perfect for those seeking a lighter/sweeter beverage. The mimosas looked nice and are available with a variety of juices.The Brunch menu (pic) offers nice choices ranging from egg dishes, house smoked salmon, pancakes and french toast for reasonable prices. Also available are their lunch and sushi menu. We started with the Baked Fontina- a fondue of creamy cheeses, roasted garlic and chervil served with nice chunks of toasted bread. Nirvana! Great flavors and a decadent treat, plenty for our party of 3 cheese loving gals to share. (pic)I ordered the Eggs Benny, with 2 crab cakes instead of the crab cake and tenderloin as described in the menu. They were very accommodating in the substitution and the crab cakes were very nice, full of sweet lump blue crab. (pic) One poached egg, haricots verts and a charon sauce (Bearnaise with tomato paste) finished the dish out. I wish they had stuck with the regular Hollandaise sauce, as the Choron was not very flavorful and a bit watery. While the color indicated tomato was there, the taste did not...nor did it exhibit the usual rich, herby tang of a Bearnaise. My friends both ordered the Lobster salad (pic), which was impressive in presentation and flavor. A ring was fashioned from a large strip of English cucumber and prosciutto, which corralled the rest of the salad consisting of Lobster claws, avocado slices, ripe tomato wedges, topping a bed of bibb lettuce generously dressed with house made blue cheese dressing chocked full of bacon lardons, My friends both loved the salads and commented on the delicious flavors from start to finish. We ended with an order of the Carrot Cake Pancakes (pic), 2 pancakes topped with a cream cheese mousse in lieu of syrup. We particularly liked that this dish while rich, was not particularly sweet. Moist, dense carrot cake pancakes were spotted with raisins and accented with the unsweetened cream cheese mousse.  Our server Christina was very attentive and friendly, making recommendations on some of the new brunch menu items and drinks. Appetizer came out right away, entree was a bit longer, but I chalk that up to the crowds that were rolling in packing the new restaurant on a beautiful day. I'd suggest reservations, especially if you'd like a avenue view table. We arrived at the start of brunch to a few diners, but by the end of our meal the bar area and front of house was completely full. Before we left Christina did pass on the Happy Hour specials (pic) which were also posted by the bar. Monday-Friday, 4-7PM. Specials on Oysters on the half shell, Select wines ($5), Peroni beer ($3) and Wells ($4).
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,6/30/2014,92,300,3,6,5>Oh man, I love this place!!! I was prancing around the isles like a little kid in a candy store! I must've been so caught up in the moment that one of the workers snuck up behind me and asked if I needed help; well yeah I do.. oh wait.. THAT kind of help... Well... I went ahead and confessed to him that I have a disturbing obsession with Pho but that I didn't know the first thing about how to cook it at home apart that the broth has to cook for 14 hours, and then his eyes lit up and he says: "14 hours? Who says?" and I blinked and replied: "Isn't that how they do it in the restaurants?" This was followed by the man erupting in such boisterous laughter that I thought he had seriously hurt himself. It would figure that the ignorant latina would be the cause of death. Death by Pho, I knew it would happen one day!! Anyway, it didn't and he actually gave me an entire tour of the market!!! And explained things to me in the Vietnamese point of view which I was extremely grateful for since I am 99.9% sure that there is some kind of Vietnamese somewhere in my family tree or... I just really like Vietnamese food, anyway. He showed me all the ingredients that the nearby restaurants use including the broth base, showed me the bones and meat, down to the noodles used for pho which actually are frozen, not the dry kind!! I never would have guessed it!!I got home and out of curiosity I immediately opened the container of seasoning and gave it a little taste and yes indeed; it was a burst of Pho flavors on my tongue! I can't wait to finally make some decent Pho at home!!! Even if you're not a Pho junkie like me; If you like to cook, you'll definitely appreciate the gadgets they have to offer ranging from Super sharp Kiwi brand knives to specialty dumpling rolling pins (only $1.99). They have clay pots, woks, regular pans, Asian soaps, perfumes....Let me put it this way, it's like an Asian wal-mart, and you better believe that I'll be back!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,6/29/2014,27,26,2,5,3>What would you like today little ninja?I love their greetings when you come up to order. This is literally the sushi version of chipolte or subway. Pick your type- roll, bowl, or wrapPick your protein- raw or cooked (for whimps)And then pick from their huge selection of fantastic toppings and sauces (does that count as a topping?).This is right across from UCF as Miss Nhi Pham stated and is super convenient when I need my protein fix after the gym! I'm a sushi addict and this definitely hits the spot without breaking my budget.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,6/28/2014,125,57,6,12,4>Read no other review. I hail from the land of India and can attest for this magical place. If you don't feel like reading a giant review, here's the scoop in bullet form.Pros:1) BEST Indian food EVER 2) BEST Dosa EVER 3) SMASHING Dessert 4) Water Pitchers!!!!!5) Always Busy!Cons1) Too busy 2) Pricey dinner3) Ratchet location I've been here at least 5 times in the last few weeks and each time get better. I was born and raised in Mumbai India but my family is originally from the south. We are big into Dosa, Idli, and all the glorious Indian food that isn't curry. Every time I walk in, it smells like my grandma'a kitchen: fresh spices and aromatic herbs. The place is slightly busy. Okay, it's really busy but that means the food is fresh be jaw they cycle through produce fast instead of keeping it for days. I normally order the Malai Kofta curry which is a creamier sweet curry and a Falooda (Rose Milkshake).I cannot even begin to explain how amazing the food is. Just go.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/27/2014,38,186,2,6,2>I am still loving Teak myself but I did have kind of a rough experience here last Saturday night. The big problem was the company that was with me, they were some particularly picky types that I will leave unnamed. Anyway, the first issue was that they wanted to seat us on the patio, and the smokers out there were just to much to deal with. If you don't like smoke I would stay off the patio, at least on a weekend night. Then we were sat inside at a table too close to the live music. The live music arrangement is my main issue really, and why I had to deduct a star. The guy playing the guitar and singing was okay but there was no place to escape the loudness of his music. We asked to be moved to a table away from the music and we were but it was still so loud that we couldn't really carry on a conversation.Okay, so on the food. Well the Engine Oil burger was scrumptious, I mean seriously, how is a great burger topped with a runny yolked egg not going to be scrumpdillyumptios? The OMG chips were good as usual as were the shrimp tacos and chicken entree with scalloped potatoes. Beer was fabulous and cold as always. I will be back again to try more burger variations. I am just going to avoid nights with live music.Oh, one other thing we learned that does kind of suck, they don't make any kind of "blended" drinks. WTH? I mean what kind of establishment with a "full" bar doesn't make even one frozen concoction? Again, this was more of a problem for one of my fellow diners than myself but I also think it is kind of screwy. What could be their rationale, trying to keep down the noise level? I don't think so. So, if you prefer a daiquiri or pina colada for your beverage o' choice look elsewhere.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,6/26/2014,39,174,,6,2>Nice to have a dedicated Sports Bar in Winter Garden! This one is dedicated to the #42 in the sports world. It's the typical sports bar food selections with a few creative twists.First we asked about Happy Hour... It was indeed that time and it lasts until 7 pm. NICE! They had 2 apps on special and $1 off drafts. Ended up with Blue Moon and Sam Adams Summer Ale pints for $3 each. Not bad...I'd say the menu was slightly overpriced. Only the plain burger was less than $10 (it was $9). I ordered the House Bison Burger. It was topped with Havarti cheese, and portobello slices. This was the most expensive burger at $18. I asked for medium (which is what I always do as a first time visitor) and the burger came out definitely medium rare which I'm OK with this time. Hopefully just a one time mistake. The burger was pretty good but not $18 good. Make bacon standard on it and I'm sold! The fries that came with the burger were very good. You could tell they were high quality. Actually tasted a hint of potato! Imagine that! Perfectly seasoned as well.My wife had the sampler platter. It was massive but also $18. It had tortilla chips with buffalo chicken dip, 6 wings, calamari, and 3 jalapeño poppers.See my pictures of the food. Hefty portions.Overall the place is rather large. Lots of seating options, a nice large bar in the middle, a stage for live music, and 3 billiards tables. The service was good although maybe slightly inexperienced. Ice water should be standard or offered without asking. No major complaints though. Everything was very clean and new. I'm excited for a place like this.Happy hour: ? - 7 pm, Special price apps, $1 off draftsBrighthouse Wi-Fi: Yes
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/25/2014,83,146,,7,3>FINALLY an AYCE Korean BBQ in Orlando!! I have been dying to go one these, especially since they are more popular in the West Coast. I really loved the concept of having to cook/grill your food right in front of you. It's a fun way of interacting and well let's be honest, I just like that my boyfriend does all the cooking for me ;) hehe. For $25 you get all the cuts of beef you want and chicken.  That ALSO includes unlimited appetizers and sushi! Um, best deal ever! Totally worth it's price. The house salad that they serve is really good, Whatever dressing they use it's crack! So good! Krab ragoon, something about their krab ragoon is so addicting! I definitely order this the most. Do it, bet you can't just stick to one order ;) My personal fav cuts of beef is are the kalbi and brisket, but the brisket tho.. Delicious!! The kalbi does take a little bit longer to cook, but worth it. The brisket is the fastest to cook and I love when it's cooked to being crisp. It's like eating chips. Alright alright, enough reading. It's an awesome place, worth the drive, awesome food!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/24/2014,46,85,6,8,4>You know when the wife takes a bite of a dish and says "OMG! Its like sex in your mouth!" That this place is on its way to 5 stars. Actually that was in reference to the Cinnamon Roti Desert. This place was 5 stars from the first few bites. Actually correction. You get free spring rolls if you check in on Yelp. So those came out first. The biggest spring rolls I've ever seen. But ah... Not impressed. But I dont care to much for spring rolls anyway.  The rest of the food though. Wow!!Yang was our waitress and she was awesome. She did a great job explaining how this place works. And the service was excellent as well. They encourage sharing. Basically order a bunch of random dishes and try them. The dishes arent really that much. Our bill was $45 and that was for the following. Grilled Beef Hawker skewers with Malaysian Satay, curry meatballs, Basil fried rice, Pad Thai stir fryi, bowl of Curry shrimp and Cinnamon Roti, plus spring rolls. Yesterday we went to Noodles and Rice cafe, and our bill was actually more, and that was basically for just soup (but worth it) So the prices are pretty fair here. The best way I can describe the look of the place is... Modern. It looks fancy on the out side, and it has a unique look on the inside, the way the tables are set up. Parking is a little tight though. We grabbed the last parking space. I figure a crowded parking lot is a good sign.The food itself is above and beyond. This is no PF changs stir fry. This just tastes...... hmm.... like how I'd imagine PF Changs should taste. Changs looks fancy on the out side but the Lo Mein is worse then a local take out Chinese place. Here it actually tastes like they put care into making the dishes. Even the beef skewers. I figured its probably like beef on a stick at your local Chinese restaurant. But thats not the case. They use better quality beef and its nice and juicy. Plus the Malaysian Satay sauce is great too.. Its like when you bite in you taste the meat, then 4 seconds later your tongue starts burning from the spices. Yum! I could go on about all the dishes as every single one we got was equally good. But I guess you get the point.Places like this are why when I'm talking about Yelp and someone asks, whats Yelp? I reply, its an adventure in your pocket. If you actually use it the way we do. Which is to pick random spots we've never heard of, or spots based on reviews of people on my friends list, and go try them. So thanks to the people on my list who checked in here. Thats what brought this place to my attention. If it wasnt for you guys and yelp, I never would of found this garden of eden. So to find out what "Sex in your mouth" Tastes like, stop by here and order the Cinnamon Roti.From the food to the price to the service. 5 stars all around
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,6/22/2014,39,339,2,8,3>My wife & I live nearby so when we saw this Groupon we thought "what the heck".  Honestly, we've had mixed results with Groupon in this area, but this was an instant winner!We were seated quickly upon arrival and they had a seat for our 9 month old son right away.  We were given time to look over the menu while we ate some roasted kernels/nuts??? that were delicious on their own and really good with the flavorful green hot sauce they came with.  Our one little complaint is they didn't get us refills on our drinks quickly enough and we had to ask a couple times.  After that hot sauce, we really needed it!Enough about that.  THE FOOD!!!I ordered LOMO SALTADO A LA POBRE which right off their menu is "(With fried egg and fried sweet plantain)Traditional Peruvian dish of sliced beef sautéed with onions and tomatoes, white wine and soy sauce reduction served with french fries and white rice."  I was looking up recipes on my phone while we sat there eating, it was so good!  The egg on the rice was delicious!My wife ordered AJI DE GALLINA.  It's shredded chicken with Peruvian yellow creamy sauce served with rice.  Again, I've already looked up a recipe and just need to find a good market that carries aji peppers!It was a great meal and we've already decided when next either set of parents comes to town and wants to do lunch/dinner, THIS is the place we'll be taking them!
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,6/21/2014,100,95,,6,3>It doesn't often get "cold" in Florida, thankfully.  But when the weather gets cooler, Blue Spring State Park is the place to go.  You see, when temperatures dip, manatees look for warmer waters and head to the always 73 degree water of Blue Spring State Park.  It's amazing to walk into the park and just see hundreds of manatee hanging out in the crystal clear water.There are some great boardwalks that offer a lot of viewing areas.  Upon our recent visit, we saw over 200 manatee in the warm waters.  Be sure to hit the Blue Spring Trail to see the trail head.  It's pretty cool to see this big black hole where the water comes out.  It's also fun to see all the manatee trying to get into the hole.You can pack a lunch or buy food at two of the little cafes on the property.  It's not a giant park, but it's absolutely beautiful.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,6/20/2014,128,118,3,6,5>Mills and Colonial aka Little Saigon has Viet places EVERYWHERE!  And i mean everywhere!  I've been looking for another place to go get pho, but can't find another place better!  This is my go-to spot.The broth is rich and the meat is plentiful.  The plate of basil, bamboo shoots, and lime is always fresh.  The vermicelli is not sticky and has great consistency.  Some people substitute egg noodles and it tastes delicious too!Once in a while I'll order their platter dishes.  Their grilled meat and rice platters are pretty good along with the Bun...  Grilled beef with vermicelli is my favorite.  Nice and clean and doesn't make you feel too much of a fatty.  I also enjoy the grilled beef banhmi.  Just make sure you add sriracha sauce to all those things mentioned.  As for drinks, I don't really drink alcohol at Viet places for the most part, cause usually i'm here the day after a heavy night of drinking... BUT  they do have beer and plum wine.  I personally like the avocado shakes and vietnamese coffee.The clientele is a good mix of Vietnamese and non-Viet people.  I always consider it a good sign when people from the same place as where the food is native to.Overall, the platter dishes are good, although there are other places that are just a bit better.  BUT... i come here for the healing powers of pho.  Best hangover cure, best cold weather comfort, and best cold/flu remedy evaaaaar! :)
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,4/3/2010,1408,1403,1,7,4>I wanted to update my review and tell everyone why this is my favorite restaurant. First, the four chefs are japanese and are the owners, they really care deeply about serving you the best sushi. Second the servers are all great, really friendly and helpful with the menu and the specials. Once you come in here a few times they know who you are, where you like to sit what you want to drink etc. in other words excellent service. Third, the food is all great. Some favorites are the ruby tuna appetizer, tuna wrapped around a wonderful crab avocado salad. The hotate roll which is topped with scallops and hot pepper strings. The oyster special when available are delicious, huge pacific oysters freeshly flown in. My favorite sushi items toro tuna and sea urchin. I really can't rave enough about this place.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,4/2/2010,17,33,3,9,2>I was quite impressed with Bombay Cafe. I thought they wouldn't stand a chance being located right across the street from the ever popular woodlands, but I think they might be able to give Woodlands a run for their money. Maybe they're on par in terms of quality, but quantity... holy crap... their portions are LARGE!I'm south Indian, and I love south Indian food, and this was pretty close. Not as good as mom's food, but beggars can't be choosers :) Definitely try the chaats. The Paneer 65 was a great appetizer. I had a Paper Masala Dosai which was HUGE. I could only finish half of it. Hooray! More good south Indian food in Orlando. I just wish they weren't all so far away from Maitland.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,4/1/2010,17,24,,5,4>Garden Cafe, to me, is...otherworldly. There's nothing like it on the planet! (Except Dang Lai in NYC!)Everything is exquisitely delicious. The orange chicken is so delicious. The orange sauce is drizzled over the fried balls of soy protein, and is tossed in with diced pineapples. That's my favorite thing on the menu!I also LOVE General Tso's Chicken, served with broccoli. I am getting hungry just thinking about it.The prices are wonderful and the service is amazing. The servers are very friendly and seem to remember customers who stop by on a semi-regular basis.I believe that this is what Asian heaven tastes like...
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2010,3/31/2010,3,14,,4,2>So wow, the new location is finally open.  Same old games, nothing new here (except I did notice they have the Guitar Hero arcade game which I never noticed before).Pro's:* - More space.  Seriously, all the claustrophobs out there will be cheering* - Less smoky (all the old machines brought their funk over with them, but I haven't seen anyone light up in there yet so this is good)* - Larger food selection.  Can't comment on the quality, as I just walked in and out briefly.Con's:* - Where are the 50 cent hotdogs?  Seriously.  I saw the sign advertising a philly cheesesteak or something to that degree, but you guys advertised and joked about your cheap dogs for years.  Maybe I just didn't see them (no one seemed to be manning the counter)* - No beer?  Drinkers will be upset about this one.   This explains the no smoking.  It looks like the rumors of it being too close to a school to obtain a beer license may have been true.  It would explain why it took them so long to reopen trying to obtain one.  This also explains the elimination of the 50 cent hotdogs, I suppose.  No alcohol : food ratio to maintain anymore.* - Atmosphere.  As cramped and dingy as the old Rocky's was, that was Rocky's...an Orlando staple.  It's like walking into a hole in the wall restaurant or a dive bar, it might not be anything special but it has personality.  Apparently Rocky's is now a haven for Gator's fans?  Whether these changes will help or hinder Rocky's in the long run, I don't know.  If it stays no smoking, it might entice me to stop in a little more often.  On the flip side of the coin, are they going to be profitable enough to stay open without beer sales?  It looks like they're floating on an expanded food selection to pick up some of the slack, but Dave & Buster's this ain't.The mere fact that I can actually breathe in Rocky's now garners and extra point from my review of the old location.  We'll have to wait and see how Rocky's grows into its new strip mall location.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,3/30/2010,89,59,,5,4>Powerhouse is a great place for a healthy bite to eat.  They have a menu full of all kinds of delicious vegetarian and mediterranean dishes.  They also have all kinds of refreshing smoothies.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and believe me i've tried everything.  The earth salad and the mediterranean sampler are two of my favs.  The staff at powerhouse is big part of the appeal of this cafe.  Everyone is extremely friendly and George, the owner, is hilarious and a lot of fun to watch during a busy lunchtime.  Check out Powerhouse cafe for a healthy meal in Winter Park.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,3/29/2010,41,17,,4,3>We saw A Single Man at Enzian Theatre on January 20, 2010. The movie was good -- a bit intense and morose, but good.We ordered cocktails at the Eden Bar first. The bartender was extremely nice & friendly. I recommend the Mana-Tea, a blend of Firefly sweet tea vodka & lemonade. It was great.In the theater, we ordered Bento box nachos, steak tacos and a margherita pizza. All were fantastic. I wasn't a huge fan of the tortillas used for the tacos, but they were loved by the other three in my group.My only complaint is the slow service, but the servers were all friendly and helpful. Great night out for a date or with friends!
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,3/28/2010,22,54,,4,2>This place is delicious and we frequent quite often.  I never really had much cuban food being from Ohio but my wife got me to go (they have a location in south Florida also).  You feel very welcome when you come to this restaurant, like a family atmosphere  Everything I have had here is excellent.  Whether we just order a cuban sandwich or the entrees.  They also bring fried plantains when you order and have a very nice, relaxing bar.You can not go wrong with this place.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,3/27/2010,35,60,1,4,5>I can't say enough about Porkie's. The barbeque is amazing, the sauces are great. The location will be expanding to hold more people soon, so there will be more parking and more seats. Porkie's also does special smoking orders (I've been told that you can order a turducken by a coworker) as well as catering. They catered a 50 person work party for us and they were on time and the food was hot and fresh. It's definitely worth the trip to Apopka!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,3/26/2010,2,8,1,2,2>I usually eat the standard Chicken Pad Thai anytime I try a new Thai place, but I felt the need to live a little more on the edge today.  So what did I have?  A great experience and the desire to go back and try their Chicken Pad Thai.I started off with the Summer Rolls.  They seemed to have been rolled fresh when I ordered them, and were very tender - not too chewy.  Where they lacked by not having pork, they made up with having two very tender pieces of shrimp - not a firm rubber-like pink thing.  Inside, there were some trademark crunchy  fried-bits-of-something that were a bit of a surprise.  At first, I was really unimpressed, but as I finished them, I decided I liked the little unexpected crunch to go along with the soft noodles and shrimp.  The usual peanut dipping sauce, however, was a darker, thin, more salty and earthy flavor than the typical gravy-like sweeter sauces at other Thai places.  Definitely something to eat again!The main course - this was where I stepped out of my comfort zone, and sort of wish I hadn't.  Let me say this very clearly: I hate fish sauce.  For some reason, I chose the Tiger Cried Beef entree - no, that's not a typo.  It's a steak that's seasoned with a light mixture of fish sauce and other things, served medium-done over a bed of lettuce, garnished with an orchid petal and curvy slice of orange with a Thai Steak sauce to dip into.  On the side, a little bamboo basket with a cool little Shriners hat-style lid had some hot sticky rice waiting to be balled up.  Now, the beef itself was very tender, and had a nice light flavor to it (albeit a hint of fish sauce).  The sticky rice was unlike any rice I've ever had - You just need to get some of it to understand.  The Thai Steak Sauce - was pretty much high-octane fermented fish sauce with some seasoning and chopped scallions dropped into it.  I had to move it to the other side of the table because the smell bothered me so bad.  If you're like me, you'll get a side of the peanut sauce and dip the steak into that - and enjoy your beautiful meal.Will I go back? Heck yes.Will I have the steak again? Heck no.Best thing about this place: I can't get over how beautiful they plated it - the presentation was top notch!  See my profile pictures for pics of the meal.I learned, today, that if you step outside of your comfort zone, sometimes it's not so bad.. But I might have enjoyed the Chicken Pad Thai more...
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2009,3/25/2010,4,14,,2,1>You can't go wrong here. Great pizza and a very original setting. This is a great place to hang out with friends and grab some pizza or even a beer (bottled and tap)The slices are HUGE, so make sure you are super hungry if you order more than one.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/5/2013,10,90,,6,2>Vespr is an upscale coffee and tea house in the Waterford Lakes area.  With the word "craft" in their name (as in craft beer), I was expecting a lot from their coffee and I must admit my expectations were met.  The place itself is inside of a strip mall among nail salons and some empty stores. The interior is comfortable with a mix of earth tones and art deco colors.  Unique and interesting looking tea brewing systems line the front counter.Vespr has a sniffing station where you can smell the coffees and teas they sell for their various plain and mixed coffee and tea recipes.  I ordered two coffees  -- a house brew and one that I found on the sniffing station.  Each cup is brewed individually in a kind of French press machine which they explained enhances the flavor character in the particular coffee.  This also means it is not as fast as your typical grab-and-go coffee place, but Vespr doesn't seem to want to be that kind of place.  The single-origin coffee I picked had berry notes with less bitterness than regular coffee.  This coffee definitely lived up to the craft label and was the best I've ever had.  The house brew was also very good.  The only negative is the cost -- over $7 for the 24 ounces of coffee.  It will be hard to make it a habit at the price.  The teas and the sniffing station also smelled very tasty, and I look forward to getting one of these on a future visit.There was only one other person there is in the morning when I was there.  They apparently do a better business in the afternoon.  They don't serve much food -- just a few confections and such.  Pairing the coffees and teas with food would be an added experience.  I recommend getting the whole coffee house experience by making time to drink the coffee in the restaurant in a ceramic cup instead of making this a stop-and-go place, but definitely give it a try.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,8/4/2013,1136,916,2,5,2>Not my first time having Colombian food but first time at this local what looks localy owned restaurant. I had heard about this place from a fellow co-worker and until now decided to try it out, the food was really good and it came out very quickly we had to barely wait for our meal.I had the "carne ensebollada" ( steak with onions) and it was a huge steak with white rice and black beans and plantains, the food was delicious and fresh and for the portion it was a good deal plus  I had a can of coke with ice.Over all my experience of this place was great and what it seem that the owner was the one that took our order's and was friendly and nice and really took good care of us  his costumers.The beans were good and the meat was also good, they have a good selection to choose from and even have desserts. Finding the place is not hard but you can miss it as it is inside a plaza with not to many business and it is all the way at the very end. If you like to eat at family own places with good food try this place out. They have a salsa looking sauce to put on the food and it was really good, definetly ask for it.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/3/2013,193,136,4,5,4>Raga sits on one of the most coveted locations in Orlando, aptly name 'Restaurant Row', pulling in both locals and Disney tourists. Opulent chandeliers, velvet sofas, dusky lounge, white and gold linen contrasted with plush seating in cool hues. My first impression, 'did I walk in to a French restaurant'?Deliberately I ordered the usual suspects, as my goal was to determine the authenticity of Indian flavors, I am most familiar with (after all I was raised in Delhi). Fortunately for both Raga and me Executive Chef Sarkar was on the kitchen line and Mr. Marci was my server/bartender. They came to the rescue and literally swept me off my feet, with their attention to detail and extra touches.Our dinner line up: Baluchi Murg Tikka, Tulsi Seekh, Butter Chicken, Dal Bukhara, and Naan. Tulsi Seekh Kebab was among the most flavorful seekh's  I've had in America. Minced lamb with onions, ginger, garlic, tulsi and freshly ground spices, beautifully spiced but not spicy hot. Lamb in America renders on the leaner side, hence it's hard to create melting in your mouth kebabs I am accustomed to from restaurants in Delhi. The vegetables as the accompaniments (carrots, potatoes, onions, asparagus) had an distinct subtle touch most commonly associated with French Cuisine -  then I recalled Chef Sarkar mentioning to me that French Cuisine is is favorite to experiment with. Bravo, nice touch Chef! (Don't expect to get the typical pink colored vinegar onions or watery chutneys Indian restaurants serve around town.)The Baluchi Murg Tikka was delicately spiced and charred to perfection characteristic of a tandoor oven. The Butter Chicken, (chicken simmered in a savory sauce of tomatoes and butter, spiced with fenugreek) was incontestably the BEST dish on the table. Spiced perfectly, nuanced tomato based sauce, a far cry from dishes doused with heavy cream or butter. Hot isn't indicative of flavorful. And Chef Sarkar with his ingenious recipes presents dishes that take demonstrable pride in the unique flavors and textures that Indian cuisine has to offer and not rely solely on chilies.I appreciated the Bukhara Dal being devoid of heavy cream but missed the creamy texture which is created by slow cooking of this dal. The Butter Naan was a disappointment, doughy and under cooked hence lacking the char and thinness.Chef Sarkar's house-made Indian desserts scored huge points with me. Out side of Delhi, this might have been the first time EVER I have enjoyed Rasmalai. Carrot halva, decadent chocolate mousse and ras malai were flawlessly re-created and presented.Here's something we hear often: "I like Indian food, but I don't eat it enough." If you're one of those people, and you're looking to grow your Indian culinary knowledge, consider Raga. It will appeal to both the traditional tasters that grab an Indian meal out of their home or the ones looking for the taste of the exotic without burning your palate.If Raga's mission is to show that Indian food is just as deserving of linen napkins, beautiful food presented artfully, and the fine dining experience as any other, then there is still quite a bit of work to be done. They do have the right ingredients - Indian food made with quality ingredients and careful technique, elegant ambiance, and most importantly location.That said the service was attentive but lacked the finesse of a fine dining restaurant, water stains on glasses, food being served with fingers inside the bowls etc. Here's hoping that Executive Chef Sarkar and Raga can train their kitchen and floor staff to heights that will crown Raga as the finest ethnic restaurants in town.Special thanks to Mr. Marci's exceptionally attentive and sophisticated service and for having the humble pleasure to personally chat with Executive Chef Sarkar.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/2/2013,307,459,,8,6>I was here a little bit more than a week ago. I spent a lot of time in and around downtown last week and wanted to try some places I hadn't been to yet. In an attempt to find some hidden gems, I simply searched for "breakfast" on my phone's Yelp app and Le Gourmet Break appeared in the results. I'm glad it did - this place is great.Le Gourmet Break isn't a standalone business, so I had to look around for it for a few minutes. Now that I know where it is, it won't be difficult to find in the future. I kept things simple during my initial visit and ordered a dark roast coffee and an almond croissant. The coffee was excellent. The croissant was even better. It was enormous, not at all greasy or messy and very soft and chewy. It probably was one of the best croissants I've ever had.I was going to take some pictures of the pastries/etc., but the ones that Sandrine M., Julia N., Sarah R. and Natalie H. provided are sufficient, if not perfect. There's a lot from which to choose ... and, to echo what Julia said in her review, perhaps it's a good thing that I don't live close-by because I'd be back here way too often. Not a bad thing for my tastebuds, but perhaps for my body.It also seems to me that this place is very authentic - the pleasant woman who was working when I was here definitely at least spoke French fluently, as I could pick up on her accent. She was very accommodating and helpful to me, especially when suggesting a coffee I should try. She hit the nail on the head with the dark roast, which was delicious.I hope to be back the next time I'm in the area and in the morning, though I'm sure Le Gourmet Break also has fine lunch items since it's open until the early afternoon, or later, on most days.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/1/2013,103,66,3,6,5>I was really surprised to find such good sushi in this vibrant/modern restaurant hidden in the Oviedo area.  The open, vibrant, and modern decor and ambience reminds me of a dining experience in a high end restaurant in Manhattan NY.  We started off with the Kurobuta Tacos because I love pork belly.  This dish is more on the heavier end, so it filled me up a bit.  Then we ordered the Royal treatment and Red Hot.  Both rolls were really good, I definitely enjoyed them.  Service was excellent, our servers were all very attentive.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,7/31/2013,47,83,4,7,4>Fellow Yelpers,Whether it is Blu On the Avenue [owned by 310 Restaurants], Blue On the Avenue, or Blu On the Avenu, it is blue and it is on the Avenue.  Although I realize that the opening sentence makes absolutely no sense, it is precisely what ran through my mind when I first saw its name plastered on Spice's former / defunct location.  This intriguing chain of thoughts was enough to pique my interest, so I gave this Blu place a try.True to its name the entire restaurant oozes of a bluish hue, it would seem apropos to be the gathering spot for the Blue Men group, but I digress.  It is trendy and modern in its decor (see my pictures) and it could easily become a staple of Park Avenue if it is able to compete with the long established Park Plaza Gardens (see my review) and 310 Park South (see my review).  Both restaurants are usually fairly busy during the weekend, so Blu for the time being offers a quieter spot to get away from the aforementioned crowded places.  It remains to be seen if Blu will steal their thunder.Customer service was very good, we were greeted by the host which was kind enough to share some witty banter upon entrance and then proceeded to sit us at one of their high tops near the bar.  Now I do not mind high tops, but they always make me feel like a toddler again sitting on a stack of Yellow Pages crying while mother watches me get my hair cut, but enough about my troubled childhood...The server was very attentive and descriptive regarding the restaurant's offerings and their featured dish of the night which I almost went for but changed my mind last minute as I was in the mood for Duck.  Maybe it had to do with watching some old Duck Dodgers cartoons earlier that day, but I digress once again.We started off with an appetizer; Jumbo Sea Scallops wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, pan roasted, served with peach jam and kale chips (see my picture).  This tasted absolutely amazing.  Each ingredient clashed together like a destruction derby of tastes wanting to decimate one another inside my mouth.  The scallops were in great form, perfect texture and the Prosciutto offered a crunchy edible scarf.  The Kale chips were a great idea but they could have been better executed, some parts were burnt, but nothing that could not be tolerated when mixed with the peach jam.  Next we ordered our entrées; pan roasted duck served over a sweet potato purée. finished with a sambuca demi glaze & cucumber, avocado, crab, raw salmon, chili powder, spicy mayo, scallions rolls from their sushi menu.The duck had a slight hint of coffee to it, but nothing too extreme for those that do not care for it.  I cannot stand it and was able to eat it without any issues.  It would be analogous to them having plucked, gutted and cooked a duck after it briefly and funnily waddled through one of the many fine Starbucks Franchises.  The texture was very good and the meat was surprisingly not as fatty as most duck tends to be and this was a welcome change.  The puree also aided in masking the slight hint of coffee.The Sushi was also very tasty, reminiscent of the quality sushi that Dragonfly (see my review) produces on a daily basis.  The portion was a bit smaller than what I am accustomed to, however it wasn't for me so that's quite alright.  I only tried one of the rolls for "qualityelp assurance" of course.No desserts were had, so this is where the review ends.  Overall, a great spot for a dinner date, a night out, and even some stimulating conversations followed by drinks to even stimulate them further by slurring your words and forcing you to uninhibitedly say things no one needs to hear due to your drunken state.  I would definitely return!!Until next time...
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,7/30/2013,224,161,,5,4>I was 1000% shocked by this place. Begrudingly taken here by a co-worker for lunch.  Always thought it was some dive bar, like the rest in Orlando, however, it is not and it is also so much more. Smaller space but it's nice inside, nothing too fancy- but the FOOD! WOW! they must have a trained chef in the back.  I ordered a grilled portabella mushroom sandwich on ciabatta with spinach, roasted tomatoes, and goat cheese, with a side of sweet potatoe fries. They also offer shoe string and zucchini for the same price.  Typical sides are $4Sandwiches start at $8 (my sandwich was $8.52 with tax)I've been twice since and it's still delicious!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,7/29/2013,209,208,5,7,4>This is my favorite dry cleaning place!  I use the label "dry cleaning" as a generalization, because they do so much more.  Por ejemplo:  In an attempt to motivate myself to become fit, and recreate a real life 27 Dresses (always the bridesmaid, never the bride) I ordered my last bridesmaid dress a size too small.  I had 6 months until the wedding, I was sure to fit in once it arrived, and I did, yippee!   So what happened then?  I ignored my fitness regime, of course, because my goal was met.  Two weeks before the wedding I tried on the dress to see if it needed to be steamed, and sure enough, it was tight as Hell.  In a panic I headed to American Dry Cleaners and the seamstress did her magic.  She was able to take my dress out, sparing me the humiliation of looking like a stuffed sausage next to the blushing bride.  Anywho - other services include: shoe repair, purse repair/restoration.  I very much appreciate their shoe repair, when I find a favorite (and comfortable) pair of heels, I wear them OUT.  And the lovely cobblers replace the heels (at a very reasonable $10-$15) and give my shoes a new shine like they're straight from the box.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/28/2013,95,68,5,8,7>Grilled cheese is one of my favorite things in the whole wide world, so I was beyond excited to try Toasted.  It's small inside with limited seating, but there is outside seating as well.  The décor is adorable...they have a periodic table of cheese on the wall for Pete's sake!  The manager is very friendly and he makes a point to stop by every table to ask how things are.  They offer curbside pickup, which is nice, as it can get quite crowded inside.  I've been here a couple times now and as far as the food goes, certain things I liked, others I didn't.  They offer a selection of different grilled cheeses and a selection of different burgers.  They also have a separate vegan menu!  Here is a breakdown of what I've tried...Truffle Melt Grilled Cheese:My absolute favorite!  It's creamy, cheesy, truffley goodness!  Havarti, truffle oil, arugula and ground pepper - that's it.  Some of the other grilled cheeses have a little too much going on, so I really enjoy the simplicity of this one.The Big Cheese:Very rich, but good.  Jack, muenster and white cheddar cheeses with arugula.  I haven't tried the tomato soup dipper yet, but I bet that would go great with this one.Blackberry Melt Grilled Cheese:Just okay.  Fontina, bacon, blackberry mash and arugula.  The bacon and blackberry overpower the cheese.  Plan on getting lots of blackberry seeds stuck in your teeth if you have this one.Southern Comfort Burger:Just okay.  Burger topped with cheddar, bacon, BBQ sauce and mac & cheese.  Tasted like a standard BBQ bacon cheeseburger.  A little greasy, nothing special.  I was expecting the mac & cheese to put it over the top, but their mac & cheese is bland and there wasn't much on the burger to begin with.Truffle Oil and Rosemary Fries:Delish!!  The truffle and rosemary go perfect together.  Any time I've ordered these fries they've been perfectly salted and crispy.  A definite must.Toasted's Mac & Cheese:Sadly their mac & cheese fails to deliver.  It comes out with a layer of almost burnt crust on the top of it.  Not only does it look off-putting, but it tasted so as well.  The actual mac & cheese underneath was very bland.  The description says it has jarlsberg, extra sharp cheddar and gruyere cheeses, but surprisingly I didn't get much cheese flavor in the sauce at all...tasted more like a roux to me.Free Style Soda:I love, love the soda machine!  It has a touch screen...first you pick your soda (all Coke products), then you pick a flavor shot to add to it.   Apparently these machines are all over, but I've never seen before.  So needless to say, I was giddy like a little kid while choosing my flavor combo!  I think my favorite concoction so far is Sprite with Peach.Overall I'm a fan of Toasted.  I look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the menu items.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/27/2013,257,24,5,4,4>This is where my wife decided to get the cup cakes for our wedding. I'm going to keep this short and sweet. (See what I did there...SWEET...get it?)I did not get to eat any of the (from what I was told) delicious cup cakes that my wife ordered in the colors of our wedding. I do remember them being stacked up, ever so gently in front of the serving line that we had at our wedding venue. I also remember a good friend of mine (that was in the wedding party) was eating these cup cakes by the frigg'n handful! (Can you even do that? He was...)Fast-forward to a year after the wedding. My wife did what almost all brides do and wrapped up the top layer of our wedding cake and attempted to preserve it in the freezer to eat 1 year later for good luck. My wife, being the nerd that she is, must has wrapped our over sized cup cake 30 times in a on-off pattern of plastic wrap and aluminum foil. I was told to let it thaw out naturally and fully and to then unwrap it. I did as I was told and there sutton the kitchen counter was a slightly mushed but to quite version of what our wedding cake topper looked like. Now, I had been told by other grooms that tasting your cake a year later is disgusting and that's what I was assuming was going to happen. I. WAS. WRONG.As my fork cut through the still fluffy cake and I tasted it...I was blown away! It was frigg'n delicious and that when I got super, super mad. If Sweet! By Good Golly Miss Holly can taste this damned good a year later and out of my freezer then what did they taste like when they were super duper fresh!I had the wife grab a box on the way home the following day.Yep. It was fantastic and in Orlando this is in my top 3 cup cake places BY FAR.Thanks Holis...you made my wedding great and a year later it was still fantastic. Well done.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/24/2013,103,190,2,4,3>Kres hosted our office holiday party this year. There's a curtained off area in the back with about 20 seats available for private events. We had to pre-order the appetizers and then could pick and chose what we wanted from the entree menu.  I intentionally tried a bit of everything.My favorite appetizer was the angus tenderloin tartar.  It was my first time trying the dish and I fell in love!  No raw egg like I expected, instead it was served with endives and some other side items. The jumbo shrimp cocktail and oysters rockefeller are delicious.  I had the Yellowfin tuna as my main dish and it was perfection. The vegetables, asparagus and orzo that came with it are also good.The staff were very attentive and kept the refills coming. They had a ton of patience with us since our party arrived late and we stayed after hours to take pictures in every decorated corner in every possible position.  They even helped us take photos. I liked how we didn't feel rushed and the valet parking is sooo convenient and quick!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,2/23/2013,210,167,2,3,3>4.5 is my actual rating.My friend and fellow Elite Yelper Morgan's birthday brought me to Luma last night. It was my first time dining there. The evening started out with me finding a place to park right in front of the restaurant (yippie.) We had reservations for five at 7:00PM. We arrived on time and checked in with the hostess. A group of rude men jumped in front of us without a reservation and were sat before us which i thought was odd. Once we were sat, our server immediately greeted us with water and a smile. To start I ordered a salad, the Wedge Salad is one of the best of my life. For dinner I ordered a flat bread with arugula, apples, and prosciutto, it was very salty and a bit overdone. The server forgot to put my entree in, so i had to wait a long time for my dinner. Our server made up for that mistake in a big way with a round of free champagne and desserts for the table. The Dulce De Leche Pot De Creme is one of the best desserts I have ever had. I will definitely be back again soon.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,2/22/2013,39,174,4,7,4>Definitely the best FAST burger in town!Definitely a mom and pop type place, I guess the owners of Gator Subs decided to switch to burgers...GREAT DECISION!The variety of burgers is really wide with different types of meat patties to chicken to vegan.  They feature gourmet toppings such as different types of cheeses, peppers, sauces as well.  I think the best part is that they season and form the patty right when you order it.  You know it's not frozen.  The french fries are also really good.  Seasoned to perfection.For a fast food burger, this place rocks.  Better than Five Guys, better than Red Robin.  I can only think of Teak being better but they aren't fast food like this.Also has salad for a healthier meal.  Also i believe they have a salmon burger.The name "That One Spot" could use a lil help guys.  Or add something about burgers to the sign?  LOL
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,2/21/2013,30,190,2,5,4>I never went to their old location on 50 in Winter Garden, this review is for their new location in Clermont near the Citrus tower.This place is phenomenal.  I have had chicken, pulled pork, beans, okra, potato salad, and all of their sauces.  They knock it out of the park on all of it.  This is the best barbecue I have had since moving to central Florida.  I am a Tennessee boy and a barbecue snob, and I've been aching for some barbecue like Kenny's.The pork has some spices cooked into it and is entirely edible without sauce on it.  We asked if they would chop up some chicken for us as they don't have pulled chicken, and they were happy to do that for us.  I preferred the pork, but the chicken had some excellent flavor as well.  The sides went nicely with the meat, and the sauce was absolutely perfect.  Their standard sauce was good enough, but when I threw some of their spicy in the mix, it put it over the top.  It has plenty of kick but not so much that it detracts from the flavor.  We ordered a bunch of food to go with football on Saturday morning right after they opened, and it was all fresh and amazing.  I'll be hitting this place up again. In fact, I haven't planned dinner for tonight yet, and I'm getting a BBQ craving now...
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/20/2013,114,283,2,4,2>OMG, I'm in LOVE!  Yep. This Southern girl has been converted into another Four Rivers fanatic. What can I say? I grew up eating BBQ and this has to be the best in town. My mouth is watering for it now as I type this. We went to this location on a busy Friday night. The line of course was out the door. I wasn't sure if my girlfriend would want to wait. But we did. Probably about 30 minutes. And boy, is it worth the wait!I always get the brisket sandwich now. At most places, I get pulled pork or baby back ribs. But here, the brisket is where it's at!As for sides, hands down the baked grits are my new obsession. I soooo want the receipe for this! If you love grits, they're a must. Just plain amazing. On this last trip, I finally tried the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding. I grew up with my mama's bread pudding. Shhhhh.....don't tell her, but this is better!At the register, I grabbed a banana pudding to share. My girlfriend didn't grow up with it like I did. And we actually took most of it home. She loved it so much that a couple of days later, she posted a pic of herself eating it on Instagram! lolWould I go back again? Heck, yes! Can I go now??
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,2/19/2013,334,174,,8,7>Taps from Scratch is an excellent addition to Audubon park and a must see for anyone that brews their own beer or would like to. I recently checked out Taps with the ladies from Lady Crafters and we were so impressed with the entire setup. I loved all of the beer-related decor as well as the live music near the front of the store. Our first visit set us back only $15 for unlimited sampling of each of the lagers/ales. We were in luck! All of them were available for sampling. :) We were told that the cost is only $10 on our next visit for unlimited sampling, so KEEP YOUR GLASS!My favorites were:- Dark Homebrew- Christmas Ale - Rainy Day IPA- Stormy Imperial StoutWe were given a tour through each of the rooms and got to check out the entire process. If you are interested in making your own lager or ale, you can come in for a few hours on a Saturday and Sunday to get started on your dream beer! One thing to note is that they do not believe in bottling the lager/ale you make, so you are on your own with dispensing it for yourself and/or guests. I will be back! Thanks David and Taps from Scratch!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,2/18/2013,55,135,3,5,4>I've been to Ming's several times since my first visit and it has been consistently good, which is why I feel confident in a 5-star rating. My only regret is that I waited 2 years since hearing about Ming's to finally try it - what was I missing all that time?!While their signature feature is the weekend Dim Sum carts, their regular menu is not to be passed up. There are many normal Americanized Chinese dishes if you have non-adventurous types in your party, and the few I've sampled (namely BBQ pork, orange chicken and sesame chicken) have all been fresh and delicious.The normal menu also includes many more authentic and less common dishes. I am a big fan of soups and they have a variety of noodle soups to choose from, as well as wok-fried dishes, rice dishes, and such. Definitely something for everyone.But really I'm here to talk about dim sum. If you go for the weekend be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes for a table. You'll typically see a few large Asian families in there and I see that as a sign that you're in a pretty authentic place. Make sure to set aside some time to eat, because you'll most likely be grabbing at least one dish every time a cart comes by.Service is actually pretty good considering the stereotypical "poor service in ethnic restaurants if you're caucasian and not a regular" that you hear about a lot on Yelp. THe staff is always friendly and the owner/manager is super efficient in seating and turning tables. Waitresses are fairly fluent in English - enough that we haven't had much of an issue. There is a picture menu for the dim sum dishes, but they're not all on there, and honestly it's more fun to point, inquire, and eat. Sometimes we just point, no questions asked.Not to be missed are the shumai and the sesame balls. The sesame balls are absurd - nearly the size of a baseball, absolutely PACKED with red bean paste, and usually come out so hot and fresh that you need to break it open and let it cool for a minute or else you'll burn your mouth. We usually get a box to go since we're stuffed by then, and a box of 3 weighs at least 2-3 pounds!If you're not ethically opposed, the shark fin dumplings are wonderful. And the baked pork buns are also a favorite (steamed ones are a bit too bland and doughey for us).Bottom line - it's an experience to be had. I feel confident taking non-adventurous people here because I can assure they'll find a standard Chinese dish on the full menu and I always try to lead them to sample something from what we get off the dim sum carts. It's a great place to bring a large group if you don't mind waiting a bit.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/17/2013,307,459,2,8,5>A friend and I went here this past Friday night. Up until a month or so ago, I didn't even know about this place. Its grand opening was a few months back, it seems, but I totally missed out on it ... which is surprising, since I live only minutes away and usually know about the bars in the immediate area. I had a really good time here on Fri. and definitely will be coming back sometime soon. This place, to me, has a lot of potential.As a few of the existing reviews have pointed out, The Hourglass Brewery, to this point, is a fairly small place, particularly on the inside. I would agree with Steve S.' assessment that the inside "is about as big as your average kitchen" - there probably is room for maybe 10 or so customers to stand/sit in there, but there seems to be adequate outdoor seating. Around the corner from the entrance to the room in which drinks are ordered, there is a deck/patio area that I'm guessing will be pretty nice to be at when the weather warms up in 2013. There also are some tables just outside of the indoor room. Assorted games appear to be available - a guy my friend and I met talked me into playing a game of table checkers with him. (He won ... handily.) The brewery also seems to be attracting the food truck scene as a flyer posted outside mentioned a past event that featured food trucks, and perhaps more are slated for the future. (There even may have been one this past Fri., but prior to the time I was there.)As for the beer, I found it to be great. I tried four different ones. I had a nut brown ale, which I really enjoyed. My second beer was something a little bit lighter than the nut brown ale, but I can't remember what it was now. It was good, though. I then had an apricot-flavored ale and one other beer. My favorite was the nut brown, I think, but I definitely would have no aversion to having any of them again. There is a screen above the inside bar area that displays the available draft beers, the beer type, their prices and ABV %. It's very helpful and informative. Bottled beer also is available, though I didn't try any of them. I will next time. By the time I thought about trying any of them, I already had the four draft beers and, well, that was enough for the initial visit. The variety of bottled beer seems to be fairly extensive, though. I didn't look at the list much, but the cooler was full of what I'm sure were all sorts of beer goodies.The employees here are very cool and pleasant. Our server on Friday was nice and did a good job of suggesting/recommending beers. I took her advice and had the nut brown ale to start off with, and that was my favorite one ... for now. Credit cards are accepted here - so far, the brewery is using a credit card swiper that attaches to a tablet, just as many food trucks also use. I believe that my four beers came to either $16 or $18. Not a bad deal, seeing as how I'd never had any of them before and my money is going to a local small business. I approve.I definitely will be back and I hope that many Longwood-, Casselberry-, Alt. Spr.- and Lake Mary-area Yelpers will check it out and post a review.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/16/2013,86,62,18,16,14>I'm white. Hard to believe, I know, but I'm starting to accept this newly discovered news. While being white might make me an expert at things like farmer's markets or rooting for the ever blundering Chicago Cubs, it's also a certainty that I'm no expert at different ethnicities of food. Does that stop me from exploring? Heck, I've even been given some friendly nicknames, like "Diablo Blanco", "Blanc Diable", and "Trng Ma Qu". I'm assuming they translate to "Super Cool Dude". Universal love!One afternoon I was out the girlfriend, and me being a super cool dude (or Diablo Blanco), decided to stop for an arepa. While I had never visited Arepa La Nueva before, I had driven by it countless times, and often been curious. Once inside, I soon learned that this wasn't the same business I had been driving by for years. While it was previously an arepa place, somewhat recently it seems to changed... Well, lots.Don't like spoilers? Well, tough shit, I'm going to ruin this review for you. These. Arepas. Are. Fucking. Amaaaaaazing.While I've had a decent number of arepas, Arepa La Nueva has my absolute favorite one I've had so far. Anywhere. Am I worldly traveled? No. Did I grow up with arepas? No. Could I find somewhere better tomorrow? Maybe. Does that make them any less awesome? Heck no, little Sally Draper! For everywhere that I've ordered arepaa over the years, this place is now the top of my list.I'll be honest... While I'm familiar with Colombian style arepas, I couldn't even begin to point out the difference in Venezuelan style, which this place has. I'm tempted to order some of the same items from each type of place so I can have a better comparison, but without doing so, I'm really at a loss.The menu is more expansive than arepa's, but other than a bite of my girlfriend's empanada, I have yet to venture outward. At $5.50 each, the arepas are STUFFED and a total steal. They...Ok, back up a little bit. I'm skipping something. Oh yeah, the actual arepa corn cake itself! They taste so fresh, and are so soft but crispy, you could convince me somebody was in the back tearing the hearts out of unicorns to use as the base. Yes, these cakes are made with L-O-V-E.So, as I was saying, they totally stuff the arepas with whatever filling you select. Jam-packed. On my first visit, I chose the pork. Tender, juicy, buzzword, buzzword, buzzword. It was the bees knees. On my second visit, I ordered a mix of chicken and beef. Yup, mix it up, fools! Meaty, meaty, meat, meat! It's all been wonderful, but I plan to try some of the others, including the shrimp. Like cheese? You have a pulse, of course you like cheese! They have a few options you can top the meat with that makes your meal that much more magical. So far, I've only ordered the queso blanco, since it's so close to my super cool nickname.Sauces? You don't NEED sauces, but they have sauces, and they should be tried. I enjoy the pink sauce (usually ketchup and mayo mixed) and garlic sauce the most. They have a tasty green cilantro sauce, and a spicy hot one that I found didn't add much in the way of flavor. Near the end of our last visit, I saw a few people using another sauce labeled "nata". This was not offered to us, but a bit of research turned up that it's some type of cream-based sauce Venezuelan's often use. Perhaps they thought Diablo Blanco would not like it? Still, on my next visit I'm going to make a point to try it out.The food is dynamite, the workers are supremely friendly, it's clean, and you leave happy. For casual dining, that's as good as it gets.BTW, I don't know anything about Farmer's Markets. Also, the queso empanada was delicious, but the arepas were incredible.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,2/15/2013,48,286,4,8,5>Guess I am now a "biker".  LOLFrank was extremely patient and knowledgeable and was able to answer all our questions without a hint of irritation in his voice.Ended up purchasing 2 Fuji bikes and am really happy with them.  The shop specializes in closeout bikes, so the customer gets an excellent bike at half the cost.  They don't carry too many accessories, but you save enough money that you can go shopping and buy some gear elsewhere.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,7/31/2014,107,61,4,9,5>Holy Molly "Old Fashioned Southern Style Fried Chicken" at its finest! I don't know if I hit this place on a great night or what, but I got the 16 piece family meal with 4 sides, 8 biscuits and a gallon of sweet tea. Not only does the chicken blow their competition out of the water, but the sides were AMAZEBALLS! I was so excited when they handed me the gallon of sweet tea through the drive-thru window because it was literally still hot from being fresh brewed! SCHWEET! I'm ashamed to say this is my first time trying their chicken, even though I live right down the road. I can tell you one thing--- it definitely won't be the last time. They are now my families all time favorite place to get fried chicken. We will certainly be back. I hope they keep giving everyone the same great service and food that we experienced tonight. More people need to be giving this long-time local biz positive reviews. Delicious! I feel like all I'm missing is the picnic table and checkered tablecloth. Yum!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,7/30/2014,151,345,5,7,5>Ok, I agree with most of the other yelpers that this place is delicious! I had the #1 House Special. I think if you had a lot of banh mi in your lifetime, you always have to try the special to see if its good. And it was great! The heat in it was just perfect. Most places where you find banh mi, they put in the hottest jalapeños that you sometimes forget to take out before biting into it and your mouth is burning afterwards... you know what I'm talking about? lol Anyway I didn't find that happening in my sandwich at this place. Their spicy sauce is a great subtle difference which probably makes them stand out from everyone else. Enough heat to enjoy, but not enough to burn out your tongue! It's a cash only, hole in the wall kind of place. So don't be scared when you first come in! As I went on my way, I did hear the popular trademark "See you tomorrow"! Definitely will have to try some of their other options the next time I visit.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,7/29/2014,87,87,2,6,4>Gnarly Barley may feel a little out of the way, but the yummy food, craft beer selection and great prices definitely make it worth it!  It feels like you are walking into someones log cabin with low ceilings, a wooden back porch and pictures of dilapidated cabins and gnomes as the decor.  It comes together nicely though for a very comfortable, homey feel.  While there is plenty of room to park in their private gravel lot, inside there are only a handful of small tables and seats at the bar.  So if you are in a group be prepared to sit at one of the bigger tables outside.  They offer a variety of 16 rotating craft beers on tap as well as an extensive list of bottles.  Their menu has a decent selection of the standard bar grub apps, tacos, and build your own salads and sandwiches.  For lunch I ordered the mom's special where you can choose half of any sandwich and a side, so I went for the B.S.-wich and a side of mac and cheese (pictured).  My whole wheat sub was nice and fresh and piled with plenty of juicy brisket.  The spicy chipotle sauce paired really well with the sweet house slaw, onions and provolone.  The side of mac was seriously some of the best I have ever had; with its rich and heavy taste though, I couldn't imagine having more then the small side of it.  I believe this was $7 which was a great deal for a tasty, filling lunch.  I also stole a bite of my boyfriend's Gnarly Dip which was just as delicious as mine.  The roast beef was tasty and juicy, the tiger strip sauce had a nice kick and the au'jus was right on the money (I hate when they are too salty!).  The server was also really friendly, kept our glasses full and table clean.  I noticed a stack of board games on the wall which might be fun to bust out next time.  Check their website for special events and their current draft list!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,7/28/2014,42,288,4,7,4>Had the opportunity to have breakfast with some friends on a Tuesday morning.  So it was not very busy.  I ordered the eggs Benedict which were cooked just right.  Our waitress Katie apologized when my breakfast was delayed because they were making fresh Hollandaise sauce.  No apology needed.  My dish was served with some hash browns that were cooked to perfection and served with a dollop of sour cream and some chives.  A small fruit bowl also accompanied my breakfast.I tried the duck bacon, it was different. Not your typical pork belly bacon, but different.I gave Dexter's five stars.  Let me explain why. This is an establishment that really cares about their patrons. My reason...sound panels.  I noticed that they had sound absorbing panels on the wall and they had some other panels that were hanging from the ceiling to help redirect sound.  I have been to too many places that were so loud that I could not enjoy the company of friends and family because of so much background noise.  Thank you Dexter's
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/27/2014,197,231,1,5,3>It always surprises me when I realize there are awesome local places that I have been going to for a while and I haven't reviewed it. Stardust is pretty synonymous with Yelp for me - so I can't believe I've never reviewed it.I started coming here when I was interning for Yelp. Colleen B. and I would meet up quite a bit to get work done. I actually think I interviewed for the job here. It's a very relaxed setting. Most people are there are doing work on their laptops or just hanging out. I'm always nervous when I go to places to work by myself, I'm never quite sure what to do with my stuff when I have to use the restroom. I've never had any issues here with people messing with my computer. I think that says a lot about the clientele. I've really only been here during the day. I've never come for any of their evening events, but they seem fun.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,7/26/2014,18,77,5,7,4>YUM!  I've been driving past this place sandwiched in between all the Vietnamese places for years never noticing it (it's pretty small).  Was really craving some good Italian food and headed out based on the reviews here.  We were not disappointed.  Pretty much echo what everyone else has said.  It's small, and very old-school with nick-knacks and stuff everywhere, but it's done in good way.  Totally feels like a neighborhood italian place I used to go to when I lived in Massachusetts (large italian neighborhood).  The service was spot on, and the food was really good.  Old school italian best describes it.  And yes, the portions are enormous, so be ready to have leftovers.  I ordered the Lasagna and it was really good - about as good as my 100% Italian mother's recipe (don't tell her I said that).  The other half had spaghetti and meatballs and it was amazing.  Probably what I'll get next time I'm there.  It got pretty busy around 7:30 on a Friday.  They do take out which I'll certainly be using a lot from now on.  Check it out if you want some down-home Italian food!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,7/25/2014,97,114,5,7,7>My sister recommended visiting RLRL when I suggested attending the Funky Buddha Tap Takeover earlier in the month. Unbeknownst to me, I've driven past RLRL on several occasions while visiting my sister's neighborhood in Orlando, and had I been hip the craft beer culture in Orlando, I would have discovered this gem sooner. The wrap around refrigerator case caught my eye as soon as we cleared the threshhold. There wasn't a single empty seat at the bar, but as luck would have it, we were able to lay claim to a nice little four-top in a corner after buying our first round.The printed selection of drafts is very helpful, but what piqued my interest was the massive variety of bottled beverages in the cases. From what I gathered there isn't a comprehensive list of all the in stock items, but I'd be willing to volunteer to help assemble one. ;) What I love is the hole-in-the-wall local flavor RLRL provides. The crowd tends to be those in their late 20s-early 30s minus the college shenanigans or pretentiousness of the upwardly mobile. You can enjoy your beer in peace as others guests do their best to help maintain the simple, quiet atmosphere. The Parking is the only thing that made my visit stressful. Even on a week night, if folks are planning to attend an event, it becomes the Hunger Games for parking. Many of the other retailers and restaurants in the strip have  placarded parking with the standing threat to tow away those not entering their specific establishment. Oh, and Ladies rejoice, the bathroom has several stalls, two sinks, and a giant mirror for your nose powdering needs. ;)
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/23/2014,44,64,4,12,7>I went here with my family (grandparents, siblings, and niece and nephew who are about 10 years old) and we all loved it! We used a Groupon which I think made the tour $9 per person.TOURThe tour and "museum" part was surprisingly informative and educational, filled with the history of chocolate as well as the chocolate-making process. We were able to look closely at antique, huge chocolate-making equipment, over 25 solid chocolate sculptures, and hold and touch real cacao pods and beans. Our tour guide's name was Tyler and he was great - friendly, knowledgeable, and informative. At the end of the tour are chocolate samples, including the French brand of chocolate Valrhona, one of the finest in the world because they use the finest cacao bean, criollo. It was very dark, 85% cacao, but wasn't very bitter. It was almost sweet and slightly fruity. There were also several varieties of milk and white chocolate samples, too. The tour took about 1 hour and starts about every hour on the hour.SHOPThere are many bars of chocolate to choose from! They are even featured by region/country, so if you want to try chocolate from Italy, France, Germany, or Belgium, you can. There are unique selections like butterscotch milk chocolate, honeycomb chocolates, mixed berry white chocolate, etc. The Amedei bar is the finest chocolate that this store sells. It comes from Italy and costs $25 for a bar! It is apparently the third highest rated chocolate bar in the world. For $1.25 you can try a small square instead, since this is one of their "try before you die" chocolates.TRUFFLESMy husband and I brought home a sample of truffles to try, and they were pretty amazing, and visually stunning. I love the unique flavors like chai, coconut curry, cardamom, earl grey, lavender honey, etc. I was disappointed with the strawberry cheesecake truffle (not much strawberry flavor) but everything else was awesome. I especially loved the cardamom truffle - so good!! And the lemon blueberry one was so luscious and layered with lemony white chocolate truffle and blueberry jam-like filling. The earl grey truffle tasted surprisingly like earl grey tea - it wasn't just a hint of earl grey flavor in chocolate. We were surprised at how all of the flavors were so noticeable and distinct. Each truffle really tasted like what it said it was!CAFELoved it! We all tried different desserts and they were all delicious. The "World of Chocolate" cake was served warm and with whipped cream - very dark chocolate and not too sweet. The raspberry lemon drop cake was amazing too - layers of soft lemon cake, raspberry filling, a light fluffy lemon cream, and white chocolate... so good. The tiramisu was also really good for what it was, but definitely not the best nor most authentic tiramisu we have had. The sugar-free white chocolate raspberry cake was also really yummy. And the hot cocoa was great... made with fine cocoa that comes from the prized criollo cacao bean.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,7/22/2014,144,217,6,8,7>Just want to give this place the props they deserve. For sometime I have been buying their produce at the downtown YMCA and it is always fabulous and so reasonable. Just last week I dropped into their store in Winter Park and I was blown away! It's not a huge place, but it has everything you need for a fantastic meal in one convenient location. EMP has sandwiches and juices made fresh while you wait and a great assortment of fruit, vegetables, wine, nuts, local eggs, pasta, and other fancy items. There is a patio area on the side if you want to hang out and eat there. It was really casual which I love. I ordered "The Lindsey" (with turkey and gouda) sandwich and my friend got the caprese (tomato, basil, mozzarella) sandwich. The guy who made our sandwiches also gave us a tour of the place and we sampled his freshly make "spinacchoke" dip. It was so good! We did a little shopping after that. My shopping turned into four big bags of fruit and veggies that have lasted me all week. I also grabbed a couple of filet mignon and some pasta sauce at a really reasonable price. Also, we scored a free watermelon for a Yelp check in. This is going to be my "go to" stop for great produce from now on!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/21/2014,114,283,2,6,2>What a fantastic day! My girlfriend bought me a tandem jump from 18,000 feet for my 40th birthday on Groupon. This has always been on my bucket list of things to try. My dad and sister ended up buying tickets as well. Once there, I filled out about12 pages of paperwork. We were part of a large group that morning, so it took a bit for everyone to complete it. That gave us time to walk out in the hanger and see them pull the plane out and the parachutes being readied. My dad bought me the video package for another $100 which was a camera man jumping out with you. Your instructor also wears a camera on his wrist. After you jump, they show you his footage. You can buy that for another $60. After seeing it, my girlfriend bought that for me, too. So I had a great birthday present from them both.  Paulo was my instructor and was great! He was cracking jokes to put me at ease. He was also very considerate when helping me with the harness. He would always tell me what he was going to do before he ever touched me. I had a friend jump at a different place and she said she felt her instructor was a little too hands on for her which made her feel somewhat violated. Paulo did an excellent job! My dad didn't care for his instructor. He didn't seem like he enjoyed his job very much. So I think your instructor is important. My sister's instructor seemed cool, too. He was cracking jokes with Paulo on the way up.  The jump itself wasn't scary. You're walked to the door so quickly that you don't have time to worry. Paulo was in my ear the whole time going over instructions with me. And our parachute landing was perfect. Landed right on our feet (unlike a lot of other groups).If you want to mark an occasion like I did, go here! I hope to bring my girlfriend back here to make her first jump (once she gets the nerves up : )
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/22/2013,304,661,,10,3>Located in the East End market, La Femme du Fromage offers a wide selection of cheeses not typically stocked in area cheese cases. Tell the helpful staff what you are looking for, and they'll be more than happy to make a suggestion based on your flavor preferences. While I was waiting I heard the shop owner, Tonda, tell her customer that they are happy to assemble cheese plates from the rustic to the extravagant. Certainly a nice option with the holidays around the corner!There are plenty of items to enjoy at the counter or with other vendors from around the East End Market. Creative sandwiches, cheese boards and charcuterie have been available on my recent visits. At Tonda's suggestion, I picked up a package of the Rosemary Parmesan wafers- they were delicious! I'll be back for some of the biscuits she also recommended.Service was attentive, though I did wait a bit. I did find at the customer service given to each guest was equal- so my experience was quite nice. We loved the cheeses and I'll be back!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/21/2013,141,222,1,13,11>Awesome! They took over the old Spooky's spot and gutted the place. It's CLEAN, bright, cheerful, and so are the owners/staff. They took all the tinfoil off the windows and let the sun shine in on their counter full of delicious baked goods.They have really good coffee and offer a menu of savory bites as well.I had the breakfast bread pudding which was filled with ham, mushrooms, and asparagus, topped off with hollandaise that tasted like she made it, and not like it came from a bag. So good.The hubs had the meatloaf sandwich, which had delicious meat and a mashed potato shmear. Also super yummy.I can see this becoming a regular brunch spot for me. I just kinda like everything about it.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,12/20/2013,143,73,5,7,2>There's not many places out in Florida that do hot pot ! Especially not one that opens late on Fridays and Saturdays. Definitely a place to consider when you get those late night munchies but don't want to overload yourself on burgers and fries. I love the soups they offer. "Numb" is definitely hot. I can normally take a lot of heat so if you're not very good with spicy, I would just stick with the mild. I like how they have the dinner combinations so you can just choose 'A' or 'B', which is perfect for new-comers and those who've never really tried hot pot before. Then there's an additional menu if you want to add more to your dinner! I always order extra noodles and veggies :DOkay so obviously, everything is boiled, which is good! But the downside TO ME is that the chicken and pork will taste and feel like it's not cooked lol. I've done hot pot at home and I've never had that problem with boiling chicken and pork so it's a little weird to me.Definitely make sure you try the pork dumplings! They were my bf's favorite. And some friendly advice, don't order with your eyes! It may not seem like a lot at first but when it comes out and you cook it and all that, you will get full quicker than you think. Pace yourself lol.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,12/19/2013,85,232,3,4,3>Damn !  Better than ever! Try his European micro brews when you go! I believe mine was from Croatia.It's not a light beer, and once it warmed up just a little, some truly great flavors come out.- (sorry name not listed on the receipt) Had this Burger-nini-Ruben tonight. This is a large grilled Angus burger, mild sauerkraut, thousand island dressing and Provolone on his DE-LICIOUS whole grain panini. You will eat the entire thing - even if it hurts. Man FIVE STARS for this muncher. Baked spicy waffle fries missed nary-a beat too - never hittin' any hot grease that is. You will notice the fresh non-processed differences in this meal.This location is a bit hard to spot, but worth your effort. I have vowed to go outoftheway more often to try more of this very fresh and unique menu list. I'm told n' sold,  a Grouper panini will be on the menu  later this week!Oh, Try his Pumpkin soup too. Bacon lovers will be so delighted with this wonderful concoction of pumpkin, apples and -don't wait for it- BACON. If you wait it will disappear if not dining alone. I asked how large of a to go bucket could be ordered!Really Good Stuff made from Really Good Stuff.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/18/2013,203,96,2,4,4>It's like the Chipotle for SUSHI! Freaking genius! You start by choosing a bowl, roll, or wrap. Then move on by choosing a protein, followed by the ingredients, and then chose your sauces. The setup looked amazing and fresh.I was really overwhelmed with the amount of choices! What if I chose the wrong combination and it turned out disgusting. I was really stressing. The expert behind the bar suggested that I try one of the combinations they already came up with.  I went with the traditional ninja option in a roll. It was so tasty! I can't wait to go back and branch out and make my own little combo! The employees were so nice and when I walked out, they said see ya later Ninja. My only complaint is that....i wish there was a location closer to my house!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,12/17/2013,197,151,3,5,2>Out of all the Asian markets on Colonial, I frequent Saigon Market the most! Whilst the quality of the fresh fruits, vegetables, and meat is on par with the rest of Colonial -- their bakery is outstanding. I get my birthday cakes made here every year. Their fluffy banh bong lan (sponge-y cake), light whipped frosting, and fresh fruit toppings make growing up worth it! I can pretty much finish off the whole thing if left alone with it. lol. Luckily for me, the banh bong lan also comes in smaller portions (cupcake/muffin cone and rolled logs), so I can satiate my cravings without having to inhale a whole cake. The flavor of the cake is very light and delicate. It's not as sweet as traditional Western cakes and definitely not as dense. Asian pastries, as a whole, tend to be less sweet and more salty/savory; they're also a little more on the bread-y side.Saigon Market also has amazingly fresh sugarcane juice, pennywort juice, and a whole armada of tasty boba drinks to choose from. Gahh. Now I gotta go hit up the bakery for some sponge-y goodness!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,12/16/2013,30,190,7,6,3>5 Guys and Red Robin can kiss my ass, these guys got it right.  Excellent rebranding of Gator Subs and I hope they find success as a burger joint; the owner is a cool, friendly guy and I loved Gator Subs and I love That One Spot.  I've had several burgers of theirs and have yet to be disappointed.  They are freshly grilled after you order, and their toppings are fresh and delicious.  Their fries are excellent as well.  They have several craft beer bottles too, which is always nice with a good burger. It's in the same parking lot as twistee treat too, so if you save room for desert, you can grab some ice cream after your burger.The gal taking our order the second time I went was either extremely timid or just blindingly stupid because she just kinda stared at us every time we had a question.  The owner dude had to turn around from the grill every time we asked something because she just stood there going "Uuuhhhhh...?" The receipt printer ran out of paper and she just stared at it like it had started farting purple unicorns.  The owner turned around with food on the grill, took his gloves off, swapped the paper rolls out, handled our order, put gloves back on and went back to the grill in the time it took her to realize what was happening.Their "Grandma's Mac and Cheese" is the weirdest mac and cheese I have ever had and I didn't like it at all.  I don't know who's grandma makes mac and cheese like that, but it ain't anybody I know.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,12/15/2013,71,48,,5,4>Having recently moved to the neighborhood, I wanted to check out some nearby restaurants and I liked Julia's right away.First, they sell slices and they have Sicilian style pizza (sometimes you just gotta have it square).  Second, they have a large selection of pasta dishes, burgers, wings, desserts and specialty pizzas in addition to your normal pizza parlor fare. Third, their prices are reasonable. A Caprese salad - the most expensive salad there is usually (for tomatoes and cheese) is a bargain at $7.AND they deliver all this tasty goodness right to your door for a $1 delivery charge within 5 miles. I've been there 3 times already in the month since I moved. Twice I had the calzone (which is even better the 2nd day) and then I tried the Bruschetta pizza which was DELICIOUS! I am sure that throughout the years I will make many trips to Julia's.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/14/2013,143,128,4,6,4>Gotta come back another time to try the rest of the menu! There's no way you can get a grasp of all the deliciousness in one visit, even if you have a big party! Tamarind Rack of Lamb - served with this type of cold slaw, 1 word: ermahgodCranberry Kale & Pine Nut Salad - it was delicious and no side of tanginess with the dressing which is a plus. I'm not a fan of that vinaigrette taste that you get with most salads. We switched to chopsticks with this dish to pick up all the pine nuts =)Panko-Crusted Pork Belly - it has a maple syrup taste to the crust ... yeah i said it, maple syprup. it was REALLY good! It's like breakfast tapa. Try it with the runny egg served on the side. It pairs well with the sweet maple glazeLobster Mac & Cheese - this dish is served in a mini iron skillet. Not bad, pretty much all you need is a good strong tongue to handle the steamy cheese and awesome gooeyness!Kobe Meatballs - Probably the least amazing item we ordered. Not saying it wasn't good. And not saying it was bad. It was just meatballs to me... Dessert included baked apple wrapped in a crispy, flaky skin in a shape of a sushi roll. Best part? The ice cream! Yes I screamed it! Caramel and sea salt pairs so well with this crispy treat. Service on grand opening night was still up to par despite the large crowd. Hostess and the wait staff were all very accommodating, excited, and well-trained. No hiccups during our visit for their official night. I already booked my birthday party with a large group for the next week. Meet the chef, Josh, while you're there. Give him complements and see if you can recognize him from Food Network Star Season 8 as one of the contestants.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,12/13/2013,223,368,,7,3>Oh my dear, I am so glad that I finally got to eat here.I went for my boyfriend's birthday and I decided to partake in the prix fixe menu.  Basically you can choose an appetizer/soup/salad + entree + dessert for about $40.  I chose the French onion soup, Coq Au Vin, and a raspberry souffle.  The soup = AMAZING.  I'm not a big French onion soup fan - but they make theirs with cider instead of beef stock and that makes ALL the difference.  Best one I've ever had.  Layered with a coating of Gruyere cheese.  Absolutely delicious.The Coq Au Vin = Delicious.  I had to try their staple dish of course.  It was GREAT.  The sauce was tasty and the veggies were cooked perfectly.The Souffle = BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER HAD.  Completely amazing.  It's like eating delicious cotton candy made of heaven.  Light, fluffy, and totally tasty.  They put a bit of whipped cream on top and it just melts into the heavenly puff of souffle delectable-ness.  It's TO DIE FOR.All in all, a wonderful meal.  I can't wait to return again!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,3/4/2012,117,97,3,2,4>I like thai alot, and i like spicy but this place....you gotta be careful when you order thai hot...they are NO JOKEE, their Thai Hot is REALLLY THAI HOT! haha. other thai places i order thai hot its okay i can handle it, no need for milk or anything to cool the spice. but here omg i amde the mistake of ordering papaya salad and tomyom soup thai hot....i was gagging it was soo hot, its the kind of hot that starts from the bottom of your stomach and slowly crawls up your asophagus through your mouth, nose, and ears! WHEW! other than that it is pretty good place serving fusian Thai food!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,3/3/2012,128,102,4,5,3>This place is like Devin Hester... ridiculous.  Everything from the BBQ to the sides to the line that snakes 50 feet out the door during lunchtime.  I ordered the Longhorn, which consists of diced Texas sausage, brisket, onion rings, relish, and melted provolone.  It was like a spicy, meat medley that melted in my mouth.All the sides I've had here have been good.  The baked beans has strings of pork in it.  The mac and cheese is creamy.  The jalapeno is stuffed with cream cheese and wrapped in bacon.  They offer complimentary hand-made ice cream, which is a nice touch when you're trying to awaken from your meat coma.  Unless you're a vegetarian, you have to come here when you're in Central Florida.  If parking is a problem, go across the street to the church and pray that you get in before you die of starvation, because that line is looooooong to get in.  Good luck!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,3/2/2012,222,330,4,8,5>Love the concept, love the place and I love that they're growing!I stopped by the market store to see if they had any surplus farm eggs and honey on hand. I always seem to miss their window of ordering but they're not far from where I live.Their surplus is actually pretty good, for a Friday afternoon, they had bread, produce and some meats along with other goods.They could definitely use some signage that describes what the items are - I was browsing some of the honey and found at least 3 different types with no idea what the differences are. Sure I could pull out my phone but I'm LAZY. Plus I would've liked to see some spotlights or some kind of write ups of the farms. I know some descriptions are online but at the store, you just kind of pick what looks good.Overall, they're dedicated to slow-food and I can certainly appreciate that.Oh, and if you have a truck, like I do, and am functionally retarded, like I am, be prepared to make a not-so-graceful 18-point turn outta there. The parking lot is one way and tight.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,3/1/2012,24,55,8,2,3>Been several times since.. always solid.  If Indian places were Ghostbusters, this one would be Bill Curry.Sorry.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,2/29/2012,144,100,3,6,2>OMG! Happy Thanksgiving to me. This place truly lives it up to its name as a Sandwicheria. If you haven't found your local sandwich joint here in Orlando. Do me a favor, get in your car and get your butt to Pom Pom's ASAP.The location is great and convenient, right near 408 and a good place to stop by on the way to Downtown from UCF area. I adore their Mama Ling Ling's Thanksgiving  which is Turkey, Ginger Cranberry Chutney, Gouda, Stuffing, Mashed Potato, Cream Cheese & Side of Gravy. You could put the Pilgrims to shame for just $8. Though I told them to hold back the stuffing but can imagine how more yummy it would be with it. I added the Asian slaw side, it was quite a delight... not even close being heavy. The staff was pleasant, quick and seems to love working there. Just go and thank me later. ~A picky New York Hero (sandwich) critic~
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,2/28/2012,206,163,7,11,6>Ooh...hard to find this place with the sign torn down and your only indications is the illuminated neon sign screaming "Authentic Mexican" in the window. BUT, when you do find it (and it is pretty tiny), you DO feel like you've just been on a scavenger hunt and you finally found your hidden treasure!! *insert "Woo-Girl" noise here* :) heheI knew immediately upon walking in I was in a REAL Mexican authentic place. The "real" Mexican as in from the country Mexico, as in, the Yucatan Peninsula Mexican food. Their chalk board menu screams of traditional Mexican foods that you would find in central Mexico such as:- El Pastor - A piece of pork that is marinated in a combination of dried chiles for 1-2 days and cooked vertically and shaved upon serving, similar to how one would cook lamb and cut lamb for gyros.  - Chorizo - Mexican sausage which generally gets its deep red coloring from dried red peppers- Lengua - Cow tongue which is generally braised with garlic and onions which is tender in flavor and offers an aromatic deep flavor from the garlic and onionsLooking at their salsa and pickled selection, it was your basic assortment that you would find anywhere in Mexico, minus the radishes and green onions, but what I did enjoy was seeing the shredded cabbage with shredded habaneras. The sauces were spicy and geeewwwd, but let me also share that I have a high spice tolerance so I would recommend to someone with an American palate to go easy on these sauces. And what else makes this place "authentic" Mexican you ask? Well, it's quite simple. It's the agua frescas that they have hiding in their refrigerator. I'm used to seeing these in jars where people would ladle them into a glass but looking at the size of this place, it's literally your hole-in-the-wall that you mark down in your book as a hidden gem which should be shared by all, so it's easy to understand why they don't have them in the traditional jars. :) AND, if you're not familiar with agua frescas:- Horchata - a creamy, cinnamon flavored rice milk that's like dessert in a cup. (seriously, I luh luh looOOooove drinking this with my Mexican meals because the base from the milk will help coat your mouth so you can continue to handle eating the spicy foods...ya, sorry, I got a little technical there) :) Oh, and by the way, this place has THE BEST Horchata....in all of the land!- Watermelon - Pure squeezed watermelon juice- Cantaloupe - Pure squeezed cantaloupe juice (I think you're seeing a trend here!)Varieties may change on a daily basis so it's important to ask the cashier what kinds they have. And while the beans and rice were done exactly as they should have been, the tortillas didn't seem as if they were homemade. Honestly, I'm overlooking the tortillas because they were still close to the real deal and when you stuff them with the quality of meats and ingredients such as what was offered here at Borders Grill, you too will quickly overlook them as well. My coworker had never had authentic Mexican before and I'm soooo glad I was the first to introduce him to something that's been hiding waaay tooooo long here in Orlando. We walked out of there with an endorphin induced happiness but the best part was watching him try their horchata. He looked like he was a kid having discovered candy for the first time his eyes got so big! lol So when you're in the mood for some Mexican, this is THE place to try. Check it out yo!On a side note, I'm actually kinda wondering if they make tamales around Christmas!! One can only hope that they will and if they don't, maybe if they get enough requests (hint hint, nudge nudge, wink wink) we can get them to consider offering a holiday special. :) *batting my dreamy eyes*
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,2/27/2012,197,592,9,12,8>Today my beautiful and eternally patient fiancée received a mysterious text message from me that read:Omg I think I just tasted an ANGELApparently, Art's Sandwich Shop has been open since the beginning of time. I, for one reason or another, had never heard of it until today when I was working my way out to Ocoee and did a quick Yelp search to find a place to stop for lunch along the way. I found it easily enough due to the large signage and walked in.Three things immediately jumped into my head, free association style, upon seeing the décor.Old.Dark.Beefy King.Wood panelling adorns all of the walls, surrounding old darkly stained wood tables topped with a layer of old clear plastic.  Windows are small and scarce, forcing the eating area to be lit mainly by artificial means.  Tables are flanked by sixties-orange vinyl chairs built on bare metal frames, and the tile floor looks like it was a hand-me-down from the first Wendy's ever made. Hundreds of photos of NASCAR greats and motorcycles line the walls and are pressed beneath the plastic on the tables. The menu is the old school, backlit variety with the hand-placed red and black lettering and there are signs every two feet suggesting the use of cash rather than credit cards in order to keep their costs down.  Of course, I didn't know this going in my first time and so apologetically paid with a card.  They didn't mind at all, but I promised to bring cash next time.  The line was never less than 10 people deep, which to me was a very promising sign.I ordered the cheese steak and a side of fries. Every person before me seemed to be on a first name basis with the employees -- another good sign! And I could see why, everyone had an approachable and friendly demeanor that made me feel at home.  About two minutes later my order was ready and presented on the ubiquitous oval-shaped red plastic tray.At this point, I know for some of you the gears are already turning: was it a PROPER Philly Cheesesteak? Was it authentic, to use the word bandied about Yelp so often that you'd think that it was the only way to determine a restaurant's worthiness?No, not really.  So do yourself a favor: don't think of it as a Philly Cheesesteak.  Think of it as a "Cheese Steak" sandwich, the way it's actually named on the menu.  Try to forget about whether or not it's "authentic" and just concentrate on how incredibly, mind-explodingly, tastebud-orgasmingly delicious it is. Super soft bread and perfectly (PERFECTLY!!) melted cheese on hot, seasoned meat and onions. It was so good, I had to finish my fries while a couple of bites of the sandwich remained -- because I wanted the sandwich to be the last taste in my mouth.I left completely happy, and completely satisfied. Simple, amazing food.This place is special.  Go there and be happy.P.S. -- They are not open on weekends. Sad face.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,2/26/2012,293,472,,15,8>I happened to be driving by the corner of 436 and 50 where the new flyover highway is and I noticed a sign "Nacho Mama's". The colors really stood out and I knew that it wasn't there before. It's in the old location of Mr. Mofongo on the Northwest corner of that intersection. Pulled up to the front about 9 am on a Thursday and was greeted by a nice lady waving me in and saying "come in, try our food!" I'm always scoping out new restaurants and this one looked to be good.The lady was super nice and excited that I came in. She gave me a menu and started telling me all about the place. I wasn't super hungry so I ordered the Chorizo, Egg and Cheese taco $2. Quickly she brought me my taco and a side of green chili sauce. The friendly owner came out and we chatted for a bit about his vision for the place and then he brought me a sample of his homemade red salsa and some nacho chips with a delicious tangy cheese sauce.The server kept offering me more and more water which I love, some places are pretty stingy with tap water and I drink a lot of it when I eat.Nacho Mamas is a Mexican restaurant that serves all the standard Mexican fare, Enchiladas, Tacos, Burritos, Chili Rellenos, but they also have Mexican breakfast which seems unique for restaurants in the area. They are open early in the morning (7am) until very late at night on weekends.They also sell Latin pastries like elephant ears and guava Pasteles. Also they make their own Horchata rice drink with real spices and a Watermelon Sangria.They don't have a website or twitter yet.Former location of El Palmar & Mr. Mofongo5643 East Colonial Drive Orlando, FL 32807Monday - ClosedTues-Thurs 7am-11pmFri-Sun 7am-3amfacebook.com/pages/Nacho…
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,2/25/2012,181,355,13,11,8>3 snaps in a Z formation!A new Mediterranean eatery has emerged right in the middle of the downtown scene and it's divine! Right at Central and Orange, Whitewood is breath of fresh aire! Formerly a tattoo trap for drunk patrons, this entirely revamped space now has a real purpose: to serve delicious Middle Eastern and Med. food to the masses. Tonight I tried the steak shawarma platter ($8.99), with rice, hummus and tabbouleh. I also added grape leaves ($2). Everything was excellent. I ate it all so fast, I almost gave myself whiplash. The whole menu looks great. Chicken, lamb, falafels, baba ganoush, and on and on. Fresh, friendly and a beautiful alternate to the same ol' same ol' of downtown. I'm going back soon.*Ignore Sadiyah's review. She is apparently a disgrunted ex-girlfriend of the owner. lol
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,2/24/2012,1408,1403,,4,3>We had our Thanksgiving dinner here and couldn't have been happier. The trukey dinner was excellent, and we saved room for decadent deserts. I like this location much better tha the Winter Park location. The inside room is beautiful, as is the outside patio , with great views of Lake Eola.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2011,1/14/2012,334,174,7,7,5>After a visit here, I feel as though I use the term "hole in the wall" inaccurately about 95% of the time.  This is quite possibly the epitome of hole in the wall. Highlights:- Open at 7:30AM and starts serving drinks- very small and crowded- extremely eclectic group (ranging from older regulars to obnoxious college kids)- PBR is $2.00- extremely generous pours- they do offer some sort of food, but from the comments I heard "OMG! You ordered food from Wally's" it's probably not a good idea.- it's attached to a liquor storeOverall, I appreciate this spot and while I wouldn't become a regular I think it's a great change of scenery from my usual haunts. Oh yeah, and as everyone has already mentioned - take a look at the wallpaper. Classy! :)
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,1/13/2012,372,220,3,7,3>Italian Beefstro sits in on busy Colonial Drive just a few blocks west from the I-4 exit in a small building with a little fountain in front. Inside, you get in line to order your food at the counter. The people who work here are all very nice and hospitable, which is greatly appreciated.Italian Beefstro's pride themselves on serving Italian Beef sandwiches, a specialty from the windy city of Chicago.The Italian Beef sandwich ($4.95) has slices of juicy roast beef and sauteed green peppers in a hoagie roll. For 0.30 cents extra, they add hot giardiniera (pickled veggies) and the Italian beef sandwich is dunked in the flavor filled juice that runs off the beef (i call it beefy juices). Its a dripping, juicy, delightful mess of a Italian roast beef sandwich.Italian Beefstro's also serves up Classic Vienna Beef Chicago hot dogs ($3.89) topped with tomato, pickles, sport peppers, celery salt, and relish. Overall, I thought the sandwiches were pretty good and worth a try.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,1/11/2012,135,143,3,4,5>I really love this quiet out of the way sushi bar. It's decor is nice and modern. The staff is always friendly, attentive and helpful. My fav is the Orgasm roll. It's even a hit with my 8 year old! I like their Miso soup too. I always get it. Our last outing we got the pot stickers for my 5 year old and they were tasty. My hubby got the Chicken teriyake and it was truly wonderful. After reading additional reviews, I will try the sake here the next time.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,1/10/2012,100,218,2,6,6>I don't believe there is a more wonderfully fragrant place on the planet.  Bark Avenue bakes up wonderful treats for dogs and offers a variety of other products that make it a convenient one-stop shop for most puppy needs.  The staff is consistently friendly and helpful and dogs are always welcome.  If you love your canine friends, you owe it to them and to yourself to visit Bark Avenue Bakery.  (And if you are lucky, Winston--the owner's truly wonderful sheepdog-- will be in attendance!)
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,1/9/2012,59,73,4,3,4>Sometime life hands you lemons. And in some cases life even hands you bananas. What do I do? I mash them up and stuff them in donuts. Or I go somewhere that offers these homemade beauties. The Rusty Spoon was the target restaurant and in the midweek hump, dessert was the best option. I sat at the bar and finally decided on the homemade donuts with banana filling. They were served in a basket and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Five little babies in the basket, and yes, enough to spare two:) I didn't even have dinner to be honest but this hit the spot. The entire night actually.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,1/8/2012,210,167,,4,5>Veggie Delight! The vegetarian burger here is wonderful. You can get it in a bowl or a bun with a side of fresh cut fries. If you are into meat the "real thing" is just as good. Pine 22 only uses top quality beef. It's also cool that you can build your own burger from a plethora of tasty toppings.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,1/7/2012,30,37,3,3,4>I went to this place the other night with a friend and I had not been on that college side of town in awhile. While the plaza that we were in was overflowing with short skirts and girls falling down it was not the case in Lazy Moon. Lazy moon is a wonderful place that is able to shut out all the drama. Everyone there is chill and the food is amazing! The pizza is massive and it was neat to watch them make it in front of you.Pros:1. the food is da bomb (that's right, i'm bringing that back)2. the atmosphere is really relaxed. it's quiet enough to have a conversation but loud enough to feel like something else is happening.3. if you do want to drink, it is cheap. you can buy a pitcher and share it with others.Cons:1. the plaza it is in (see rant above)2. not a big deal but I wish there were more seats.Overall this place is totally worth the trip!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,1/6/2012,469,289,7,9,7>Friday Night just came together perfectly, from the food, to the show, the amazing service and the great time with friends.We reserved a table for the Friday Night Drag show and were immediately seated. Our server was on the ball. He was magical. Seriously magical, we'd ask and he'd snap his fingers and make it happen. I know we are only half way through the year but this magical amazing server gave us the best service I've had this year. He was very knowledgeable and had perfect timing. He had everything timed so that it revolved around the show. He got us the wine we wanted when we couldn't remember the name, he kept up with our table of 8 and during the show he was ninja like in his actions to take plates away, fill up drinks, etc.I had a bit of a hard time researching my meal as the menu online seems a little different from the menu we were handed. Perhaps they are in the process of changing out menu items. In any event the food was delicious.  We had the lamb chop appetizer which was grilled perfectly. It was meat candy, delicious juicy meat candy. We also had edamame which was also good, it was a refreshing bite after the lamb. For my entree I had the yellow tail snapper. a wonderfully panko encrusted fillet with tomato, red peppers and mushrooms served with mashed potatoes. I really enjoyed this and it's quite a huge portion size. So come hungry.We shared a creme brulee cheese cake which was tasty, It wasn't very creme brulee like but it was still delicious. Not to be outdone by the food Danielle Hunter and her wonderful group of ladies served up the most excitement off the plate. If you haven't seen her you need to. I had heard a rumor that she has the best boobs in the business. Well it isn't just a rumor because it is true. We had a fabulous time, the girls are very talented. For a minute there I thought Cher was in the house. Everything from the dance routines, to the stunning outfits. Wildly fun.Danielle Hunter & Company Dinner Theater is one of the shows to see in Orlando. If you aren't feeling hungry you can sit up at the bar and enjoy the show as well. A truly fabulous night. Thank you to Danielle and the Funky Monkey for providing such a great time.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,1/5/2012,124,416,4,6,4>WoW!  The name of this establishment perfectly describes its desserts!@Droolius recommended me to stop by and try the cannolis and cupcakes before my own trip to NYC.However, instead I got two pounds of the cookies!  From the rainbow and leaf kinds to the colorful thumbprint ones, I loved it all.  The best part is that the cookies are not that sweet, so I did not mind eating too many in one sitting!I will definitely come back here to try the cupcakes and cannolis.  Also, they have the special lobster tail dessert, which is not of the seafood variety.  It is a pastry shaped like a lobster's tail, filled with some cream inside.  I will call ahead so I can try that yummy monster!Very cute spot to try if you have not already!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,1/4/2012,130,122,4,6,5>Holy freaking crap! I was turned onto this Colombian burger place during a 3am food run... you know, a time where you would eat just about anything AND whatever you stuff in your mouth is the most amazing piece of sustenance you can imagine.BUT --I have been addicted to this burger place ever since. They have other food, like quesadillas and several meat-on-a-stick options. However, the burger is the star. I can't even begin to describe what types of goodness they pile on this sandwich. From the pineapple sauce and garlic sauce to the crushed up potato chips, this burger HITS THE SPOT!They are open everyday until 4am (at least I think so) and they are usually pretty busy during lunch and obviously after 1am for the drunk stragglers.The price, $5 a burger, is a little steep. But I have happily handed over my cash time after time in giddy anticipation. And I've not been disappointed yet.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,1/21/2010,7,84,2,3,4>FINALLY!  After about 8 different dim sum places in Orlando area a restaurant to go to for dim sum that I can really recommend and not have to say 'they are ok'. Just plain and simple, the food is good and service is too. Note however, this comment is limited to;1] Dim sum dishes;2] During traditional dim sum hours of 11a-3p where you get to be served from the steaming hot silver carts.Some of my favorites are fried shrimp balls,  bean curd, baked pork buns and of course pork siomai, shrimp dumpling and spare ribs are my staple.Enjoy! Hope this review helps.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,1/20/2010,30,187,,3,2>This place is beautiful!!!!  Please go and support this establishment, it is truly a wonderful addition to the Apopka area.  This is a great place to celebrate a special occasion and have a very nice meal, or you could go to the bar, have some cheaper 'bar food' and enjoy some cocktails.  Really a must visit kinda place in the APK.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,1/19/2010,79,238,,6,3>The other reviewers are right; this is a little gem tucked behind the big-name chains that all the tourists frequent. It's well worth going off the beaten path, though one need not go far.The first thing I notice in some Indian restaurants is the smell. Usually the smell of food is overwhelming, sometimes not in a good way. There was nothing like that at Tabla. In fact, it was incredibly clean and I've never seen an Indian restaurant with minimal, tasteful decor PLUS a full bar. The service was awesome. Everyone was really friendly and the server made some great suggestions. I had the paneer tikka masala and it was great. One thing I have to say about the Indian food down here is that the tikka masala is more curry-like than creamy. It seems to be heavier on tomato than cream. So far I'm digging it. it's also the first tikka masala I've had that has whole, roasted cumin seeds. So delish! My husband special-ordered madras chicken and even though it wasn't on the menu they made it anyway and it was really tasty.We had the chocolate samosa which is excellent. It's tiny, though, so be prepared. It's basically a macaroon wrapped in philo and covered in chocolate. I'm sure this is a place we'll go to again and again!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,1/18/2010,26,56,4,4,4>Try the brisket.  Or, if you don't get the brisket, try the brisket.  Did I mention the brisket is good?  It is so tender and flavorful, you don't need a knife.  You barely need a fork.The sides are great, although I rarely make it past the steak fries.  The baked beans are great.  Here's a hint:  the hot beans are hot.  No kidding there.I love the heated bbq sauce.  The place smells of honest oak smoke.  A couple dollars more expensive than O'Boys, but o boy is it good.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,1/17/2010,52,352,,8,7>This is a delightful little restaurant in downtown Mt. Dora. The ambiance is light and airy, with enough buzz to let you know you are not dining alone. The staff greets you with warm welcomes and a willingness to please. Food arrives hot and delicious. They have a vegetarian menu too. The Black Beans are flavorful. Lunch is crowded and although it is not fast, no guests appeared to be ignored. I will definitely return.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,1/16/2010,7,13,,8,5>Life Skills Resource Group has been invaluable to me in regaining my creative  and overall mental focus. LSRG provides excellent seminars in changing and understanding your life. These fantastic sessions are conducted in a small group enviroment and reveal where you are and where you need to be. Cindy Fabico, LMHC and Instructor Karen Walsh, do a tremendous job of facilitating these sessions. I cannot say enough good things from being involved. I highly recommend the Take Time For Your Life Seminar, but only if you really, really want to change your life for the better.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2009,1/15/2010,308,47,,4,5>I absolutely love this place.  In all the years that I've gone here I've never been disappointed.  Fresh, fresh, fresh!!!  What more can one say.  Too many places make gnocchi that is so darn heavy.  These are like light fluffy pillows.  The calamari & mussels (my two favorite dishes anywhere) are just simply fabulous.  On top of all this they make a killer pizza.  The place is nice & clean.  They have two sides to the restaurant.  One is set up for more fine dining, but you can get the entire menu in either side.  Service has always been good.  Several years ago, I went here with a couple of friends.  I'd never thought of having the New York Strip.  My friend told me it was fantastic.  It was & better than many steak houses that you may visit.  It simply just melted in your mouth.YUM!!!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,1/14/2010,11,13,3,9,5>I am absolutely smitten with this bakery, even though it takes me 40 minutes to get to. Tucked in a shopping plaza, it's easy to miss -- in fact, I apparently missed this for 3 or 4 years! (Doesn't help that I'm not in the Pine Hills area often, of course.)I spent some of my formative years in Taiwan, and the memories of going to a Taiwanese bakery have always been with me. I've tried to find ways to satiate my craving for these pastries, as American bread items tend to be dense, heavy, and bland. Pastries made in the Taiwanese style are fluffy, light, and sweet. This bakery has a pretty good selection, for being the small business that it is. Every pastry item is freshly made, and individually sealed in bags, with non-cryptic labels at the "bar" telling you what the items are. It's all self-serve, and they always have employees refilling and refreshing the racks. I've gotten delicious taro breads, and red bean filled buns, along with pork and egg zongzi, mooncakes, and your usually assortment of corn and scallion covered pastries (I am not going to lie, the savory pastries are my favorites). There's something for everyone, so for the non-adventurous that may not like red mung beans or green tea, there are cookies and custard filled buns.Although I love the savory items, they tend to overuse shredded dry pork (rousong) for stuffing. Now I understand that it's probably the best meat product to use that won't go bad quickly, but I wish there were savory items that DON'T have any pork in them, as I have friends who have dietary restrictions that prevent them from eating pork. They could make a simple corn and scallion bun without any meat.The bottom line is that they make fresh pastries that really keep well -- like the other reviewers, I usually buy a whole bunch and toss them in my fridge or freezer and defrost them for a pick me up later.They also seem to sell boba drinks and noodle bowls, but I have not yet had the chance to try either. They also make Taiwanese-style cakes, which I really hope to try someday for a birthday or celebration. In my experience, Taiwanese-style cakes tend to be lighter but sweeter, and the frosting is less dense.One thing: As far as I can tell, they can only accept cash as payment. (I hope someone can prove me wrong!) Not a big deal if you plan your trip there, but it might surprise some people. Overall, an excellent place for a quick snack or even meal, especially if you're in the Pine Hills area.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,1/13/2010,18,37,7,9,7>Croissant Gourmet has universally excellent food. The bread is crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside, just like a baguette should be. The pastries are amazing - seriously. I'd go here every day if I had the metabolism of a hummingbird. Why the 4-star rating? The space is woefully inadequate. Do not go here on a weekend if you're looking for a quick-ish take out meal. I ordered the french breakfast and my boyfriend ordered a simple egg sandwich and it took over 20 minutes to get our food. They really need to expand their kitchen to keep up with demand. Even with that in mind, you won't disappointed once you're eating their stupid-delicious baked goods.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,1/12/2010,119,305,2,8,2>Thank goodness for this place. I moved to Orlando seven months ago from Tallahassee, where I couldn't find a decent vet to save my life. I chose this vet since it was around the corner from my apartment. I figured I'd take the chance. The doctors could not be nicer. Not only do they treat your pet like their own, they go above and beyond to help out. Two of my three animals have potentially serious illnesses that can become threatening without good veterinary care. My dog has a tick-borne blood disease, which sometimes requires medication. When I explained this, Dr. Lindblad did all the necessary tests and called me herself to go over the results. My cat has feline asthma. Once again, Dr. Lindblad called me herself after doing research into medication for feline asthma. She took the time to discuss the options with me after doing research on her own! I've never had a vet like this, ever. I love this place so much I took my mom's dog here for her checkup. Dr. Taylor, a different vet with the clinic, treated my mom's dog the same way Dr. Lindblad treated my animals. I will definitely recommend this place to everyone I know who has animals!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/8/2014,128,118,6,10,6>AYCE Korean bbq has arrived in Orlando!I'm so excited about this place having korean bbq, where you cook your own meats on a grill right at your table.  I miss the ones in California or Vegas and this place rates pretty close!  Besides the extensive traditional Japanese dishes: sushi, ramen, and other a la carte options, I come here specifically for the KBBQ.For a decent price of $25 you can have all kinds of cuts of meat.  The marinated short ribs (kalbi), spicy chicken, beef tongue, etc.  But my all time favorite is the brisket.  Frozen, thinly cut slices, that when cooked well done on the grill with a sprinkle of salt and pepper, is crispy meat chips in your mouth.  And of course the kalbi is awesome. It also comes with an assortment of appetizers: basic sushi rolls, house salad, miso, etc.  Order a couple rounds of the crab rangoons.  For some reason, they are extra crunchy and tasty here! If you want seafood like scallops or lobster, you order some at an up charge.  Also, when you grill starts to get too much char, just ask the waitstaff to change it for you!One caveat for the all you can eat is that everyone in your party HAS to order the bbq.  If someone else decides all they want is soup... they have sit somewhere else.  Also, no dessert on this one.  Although the shot glass desserts look deliciousI love coming here.  I bring a big group of us everytime so i don't look like a heffer ordering all this meat.  The owner is super nice and visits every table to check on things.  All the wait staff is friendly and courteous and don't mind running back and forth getting orders of the crab rangoon when our tables thought they wanted just one order.  If you haven't experienced all you can eat korean bbq yet, give this a try.  It is well worth the money.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/7/2014,53,30,3,11,6>Let me start off by saying that The Acre is an INCREDIBLE venue with an INCREDIBLE owner who goes above and beyond for his brides. That being said, we originally had a contract with The Summerlin House (before it was taken over by The Neighborhood Rogue). We gave our $1000 deposit to the person we believed to be the owner/manager of the property only to find out she was illegally living at the property and had been told to vacate the property only a week prior. She kept seeing brides, taking their money and drawing up fake contracts. The new owner was so gracious and honored our contract and saved our date. Unfortunately, it just didn't work out because we knew we were going to have a VERY DIY wedding due to our budget. We began our search for a new venue and that is when a friend suggested The Acre. We were IN LOVE from the minute we stepped on the property. It was beautiful, it was unique... it was everything we wanted and more in a wedding venue. The venue is whimsical, a blank slate. It's perfect for anyone who has a vision and wants to execute it in their own manner. There is not an area on the property that isn't visually stunning. The only reason I gave The Acre a 4 out of 5 is because of the professionalism and it has NOTHING to do with the property owner....he is INCREDIBLE. Everything that needed to be fixed was done almost immediately. The property manager on the other hand was inefficient, very unclear of the terms and prices and not such a pleasure to encounter. Not only was she this way with me but to several other brides who I know are getting married there. She gave every bride I know a different price and it really made me worry that our terms would change from day to day. She was not relatable whatsoever with her brides. Luckily, the property OWNER realized how uncomfortable we were with her and made sure we weren't dealing with her after a certain point. Had we not dealt with this woman at all, I would have given this place 5 out of 5 for everything. If you want your run of the mill wedding, book somewhere else. If you are looking for a unique, beautiful and dreamy wedding venue.... book here!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,4/6/2014,38,186,1,5,5>It had been a while since we ate here but this particular visit was an amazing food and wine experience. We went with a group from my wifes work and had about 15 people in our party. The server we had was very impressive. He was super confident in his ability  to advise our group on menu and wine choices without being arrogant. He was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and really helped to steer folks to some great selections and pairings.The appetizers were all very good: The fried green tomatoes were great, fried in  a very light batter and cut into small pieces with the crab and corn salad with grain mustard dressing on top in perfect proportion. The mussels were delicious in a wonderful tart vinaigrette with fennel and broth from the mussels, perfect for dipping some frites or crusty bread in. Chicken livers sauteed with onion were excellent as well.The entrees were spectacular as well: my pappardelle pasta with rabbit was amazing, just the right consistency of a rich broth and small pieces of carrot and celery were a perfect compliment to the dish. My wife had the ricotta gnocchi with pork ragu, broccoli rabe and parmesan and it was absolutely heavenly, the ricotta gnocchi was so light and the tomato sauce was so fresh and bright, yumm-o-rific! We also go to sample a few other dishes including the salmon and duck (breast and leg quarter) and all were prepared perfectly.With the help of our excellent server we chose a couple bottles of wine including a sumptuous bordeaux style red blend from Washington, Desert Wind Ruah and a nice Cote de Rhone. Also, the port we had with desert was a spectacular pairing with the bread pudding which was faboo as well.We will be going back soon, this place has regained a place at, or near, the top of our list of places for a great meal here in town.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,4/5/2014,60,184,2,5,3>TooJay's has been a favorite restaurant of ours for years- long before they expanded into a local chain of gourmet delis.  We love the diversity of the menu and the large selection of Vegetarian items.  We often visit for lunch but recently we decided to check in for breakfast.There's the usual selection of omelets, eggs benedict and waffles.  Plus they offer specialty things like Banana Fosters French Toast, Sweet Cheese Blintzes and Smoked Fish on Bagels.Chad opted for the Roasted Veggie Omelet- roasted veggies like asparagus and onions folded into an omelet with spinach, tomatoes, Provolone and Parmesan cheeses sprinkled with a lemon-herb seasoning.  Served with a side of salsa and home fries, this omelet was hearty and filling.I chose the Western Skillet- a casserole with scrambled eggs, sauteed onions, green peppers tomatoes and cheddar cheese served on top of a crispy potato pancake.  This dish is also normally served with ham but TooJay's is very accommodating and happily left the meat off for me.  I thought it was delicious.  Even better with a few drops of tabasco sauce.Both our breakfast dishes came with our choice of rye toast.  I am not a huge fan of bread, however, TooJay's must bake their own bread in house because the bread is always so thick and fresh.  They even had my favorite apple butter.  Yummy.We enjoyed breakfast just as much as we love having lunch here and as usual the service was perfect.TooJay's has 24 locations in southern and central Florida including the original in the Dr. Phillips area of Orlando.  All locations are open 7 days a week for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Well worth a visit anytime of the day.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,4/4/2014,498,694,1,7,4>I have lived in Florida for over 15 years and this is the first time I have been on an air boat ride.  I know, sad!  Well, let me tell you, it was pretty damn cool.  We had a living social voucher for a 30 minute air boat ride for two.We made reservations for a Saturday, which seems to be there busy day.  I recommend calling early for your reservation time and getting there at least 20 minutes early to "secure" that time slot.  When we first arrived to check in the girl working the counter seemed a bit frazzled and took a while to get to us, but after that it was smooth sailing.The boat left promptly at 12.  Our tour guide was very informative and filled us in on the history of the lake.  The ride itself is very fun, but load. You will see lots of Florida wildlife including, gators, cranes and even bald eagles.  Each tour is obviously slightly different.  Since it was getting warmer, we didn't get to see many gators, but it was still very coolThis is definitely worth checking out if you are visiting, a Florida native, or a transplant like me!#Yelp100
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/3/2014,53,179,3,11,6>Farm-to-table style restaurants are my favorite! They always seem to have the freshest ingredients and most unique concepts. With that said, I was really excited when we stumbled upon this charming eatery in downtown Orlando.It was freezing outside (okay, like 46 but still!) and this place was just the right amount of cozy and dimly lit to warm you up.To start, we ordered the haystack fries that came with three homemade sauces. The fries were shoestring style and covered in Parmesan and herbs. The sauces were bbq, ketchup and some sort of creamy bbq/horseradish thing. They were all delicious and had that freshly made flavor. I had the onion soup which was their take on French onion. It was really good.For meals, my husband had the slow-braised lamb sandwich. This was the first time we tried lamb and it was so good! Very tender. It had sautéed sweet onions, golden onion jam and homemade ricotta. The bun was very fresh as well, even though apparently the bread is the only thing not made in house. I had a salad on the specials menu. It had beets, clementines and goat cheese "cakes" (big chunks of goat cheese rolled in nuts) and it was awesome. If you are a beet fan, make sure to try this! It was so fresh and light.They have a nice craft beer and mixed drink menu, but I'm not a huge drinker (would rather eat my money than drink it) but my husband enjoyed his beer!Their menu changes seasonally and I can't wait to see what spring has in store!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/2/2014,103,190,3,5,4>Listen.  I don't understand ACs.  All I knew is that we are greatly dependent on them here in Orlando and something about changing a filter and bleach (which was later explained to be false -- use vinegar).On the Christmas holiday I noticed what appeared to be a lack of filter in my AC and TONS of dust.  It was like a dark, dirty cave in there.  It was terrifying.   Lara Croft would not step foot in there.  Immediate physical symptoms developed.  In a state of panic, I started calling all known AC companies.Those ****ers ignored me.  Straight up lied to my face and said they would call or show up but never did.  I went around the internet and found an online deal for this unknown AC company.  The owner, Joseph,  answered the phone (this was like December 27th) and immediately calmed me down  (I honestly thought the dust was going to kill me at that point) and said he would personally be on his way -- within the HOUR!Honestly, you can't get better than that.  He showed up with a service technician to explain that I was mistaken. I was not dying and I don't really know where my AC filter is.  He serviced the AC; explained to me how they work; demonstrated how to clean and maintain the internal and external machines; explained how air ducts work; showed me exactly how clean my air ducts are; and gave me the location of the only place in town that sells my filters. I took notes.I went ahead and purchased the membership package.  This gives me one extra maintenance visit within the year and discounts on services/products.  Hopefully I will not need emergency service, but it's nice to know someone has my back if I do.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,4/1/2014,206,163,3,6,5>This place is legit. The aromas just walking in grabs your nose and it's like, instant ants-in-your-pants to get to a table quickly. It's almost caroon-like howthe aromas stretch accross the restaurant to grab your nose and lure you to your seat for an experience of a lifetime each time I go. I swear I experience a eupohoric strance-like state everytime I walk in. Not only is the smell just wonderful, but the broth of their pho is deep with flavors and by far my favorite in orlando. The sides of bean sprouts, basil, cilantro and lime are plentiful, which is a big deal for me....gotta have my sprouts! This place is always busy, but never have I had to wait long, probably because it's so huge inside! Or maybe the mirrors make it seem huge? haha :)Either way, when I'm in the mood for pho, this is my go-to in a city full of options because it's just hands down the best. :)
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/31/2014,63,280,2,8,5>Horse Power is a fairly new establishment, and I like it. This is not your typical downtown Orlando dance club, not your typical downtown Orlando Pub- it is a laid-back and open style sports bar/restaurant with a lot of TV's, good food and drinks, and most of all, a fantastic staff. From the moment you walk in, you are made to feel like you are in your local bar, friendly and helpful staff honestly interested in helping you have a good time. They have a decent selection of beers, and a few good wines as well; and any liquor you want. The food is exceptionally good, a few of us had a selection of dishes- great Spinach Dip, excellent Chicken Wings and awesome burgers. And the Quesadillas were excellent as well.They have live music, but none the night we were there- I look forward to coming back and checking that aspect of it out.I also like the fact that Horse Power is not right on Orange Avenue, it's tucked back into Chase Plaza, it's nice to be able to drink in the plaza without all the traffic on Orange. All in all, this place has a great vibe with a great staff and I look forward to coming back!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/30/2014,32,11,4,7,5>I need to update my review because food has been introduced beyond the great little snacks (cookies & cakes) that were there since the beginning. The Power Lunch $8 available from 10 AM to 4 PM is excellent. You get a meal, a drink and a dessert. I've tried the Tomazzo and The Fellini open sandwiches so far and both were delicious. They're also perfectly sized for lunch if you take the dessert into account.  Instead of making you sleepy based on sheer quantity, the food is soothing and tasty, and the drink kicks you back up in full gear. Now let's talk about drinks. The Butterscotch Latte is everything you need if somehow your day is not going the way you want it to. Served with fresh whipped cream on top in a mason jar, it's like a cuddle with a sweet kick. Once again I'm not an expert on quality coffee but the selection of single source brews makes all my friends who are extremely envious. An NYC expat didn't believe me when I listed the coffees available here. I spotted a single tear of joy on their cheek. The Barrel Smoked Sweet Iced Tea is everything its name implies. If you like good Mezcal, imagine a subtle version of that with Iced Tea served with syrup and a jar of large ice cubes so you can mix it to your preference. It does beautifully with the sandwiches. If could go on about specific items, but it's more important to conclude about the mood here. The music is always discrete but consistently good, the lighting is just dim enough to relax from the outside shine. Finally, it's so satisfying to see such a carefully crafted menu spread out in front of brewing machines the owner picked to achieve the best product possible. If you care about doing things right, you owe yourself a visit.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,8/22/2012,181,355,2,4,4>A 5-star truck!!At the Edgewood farmer's market tonight, this big black truck with the compelling name lured me over. A friendly lady out front was helping to explain the menu and describe each dish to people gathering around. What we have here is Portuguese street food. As I peered through the window, I saw delicious looking food being prepared, so I knew I had to try something. I opted for a chicken piri piri taco and the carnitas taco. (They let me pick one of each, though the menu indicates you get two of the same for an order.) Both were mouth watering and plentiful for $7. Two tacos and I was stuffed! It seems that a world of flavors both traditional and inventive make up the food at Bem Bom. The white bean w/ chorizo dish and the duck tacos are supposedly a big hit. But I understand that the menu items change regularly. The owner is very cordial and excited about his offerings. This was a perfect food truck experience!I'm excited to return next week.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/21/2012,53,215,2,11,3>Thanks to my connections I was able to get tickets for their opening party where they were giving out free food. As a true Yelp! fanatic I tried to order as much as possible so I can give a good review. Here are my thoughts:Great burger quality...better than Five Guys. They follow the same concept: no freezers, fresh meat, fresh produce, and hand cut potatoes. The difference is that BurgerFi meat is all organic from grass-fed cows from their two farms in Montana and Colorado. The meat had lots of flavor and I could definitely taste the freshness. I had the classic cheeseburger, my friends had the Breakfast burger, ultimate cheeseburger, and the burgerfi burger with bacon. They all gave it an 8 over 10.One of the manager recommended we try the herb french fries and I am go glad they did! hand cut fries with herb (thyme, rosemary and something else) drizzled with olive oil and Parmesan cheese. DELICIOUS!! One order of fries per party is just right.We also ordered the hot dogs. My friend had the Chicago dog and I had the Kobe dog Texas style. I am not a hot dog lover but these dogs had really good meats in them. I usually don't like pickles but the Chicago dog was my favorite.lastly, we decided to try the key lime custard. omg...again, DELICIOUS! It wasn't too sweet or overpowering with lime. Just right.Prices: You can have a burger, fries, and drink for under $15 per person. If you share your fries, then it lowers it to $10 per person. I am giving them 4 stars for now. I tried the place on their opening night, when they were trying to impress the crowds and had all fresh items. I wanna go again after the hype dies down a bit. But I would seriously give them 5 stars just from this one event.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,8/20/2012,221,378,25,10,6>My oh my. Tako Cheena we meet again.....ROUND 2:Chinese bbq Pork Belly Taco. I actually took one bite. ....and Imagined what my future would be like with Pork Belly Taco. What our kids would look like, how we would hold hands and walk around a lake when we are old and frail. How I would take one last bite of her face on my deathbed.Then came....Korean Beef TacoAnd my world started spinning.  I knew my life was good, stable, and delicious with Pork Belly Taco, but this Korean Beef Taco, with its PERFECTLY marinated tender beef, Kimchi on top. She was soooo sexy! Everytime I would see her, she would wear low cut tops, with her giant fake kimchi's hanging out, just teasing me!  I knew it was wrong to love another, but my desires as a man and taco lover was just too strong. I ate her. I ate her so hard. And I regret NOTHING.  Pork Belly Taco will forgive me. It may take time, but she will always know I'll come back to her. After my meal. I got into my car.....and ROARED LIKE A LION!  It was so good. So happy with life, that I was roaring in the car to myself.  Do you understand what i'm saying?!!!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,8/18/2012,167,286,3,7,5>Awesome hole in the wall restaurant! I stumbled upon Chubby's a few years ago when i saw a coupon for breakfast in some newspaper. Located in a small strip mall, it looks  nothing exciting on the outside. Inside, It is themed with Betty Boop memorabilia on the wall and other random 1950 items, it fits the people that work there. I've been to Chubby's a couple years back in 2005 and I went back recently- everything is the same with the friendly service and the quality of the food. Everything seems to be homemade, and made with care. The servers are all friendly with that southern hospitality that we all love. You can see that there are a lot of regulars at Chubby's and they welcome new customers. I recommend Chubby's!
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,8/17/2012,188,226,2,6,2>We have a local German place right near our house and have always enjoyed the food there (despite the lack of customers) but I was blown away by the great food at Hollerbachs!  I had heard about it for a while but its totally on the other side of town for me but friends were going to Sanford to do some shopping and I went along for the ride.  We got there around 11 am on a Sunday and the place was busy but not full. We decided to take a seat inside due to the weather... a bit cold and rainy to hang out on their patio area in front.   The place is decorated is a mixture of styles... some german... some deco... some 80's... It looks like it used to be a furniture showroom of some type and then they expanded into the other shops around them for more space. But I did not come for the look of the place, I came for the food... and what wonderful food it was!  I ordered the 2 sausage plate with two sides... german potato salad and red cabbage.  I wanted to try everything on the menu!  My friends both had the Wiener Schnitzel with different sides.... green salad, Spatzel with Rahm sauce, Potato Pancakes, and Sauerkraut.  The Schnitzel was moist and meaty!  (something our local place was not) and all the sides were excellent.   I also discovered that they served a beer I tried at Epcot's food and Wine celebration last year... a Krombacher Dunkel!  It was just as good as I remember it!  If you don't care for dark beer, this one might be a good one to try... it is excellent.I understand there is entertainment on certain days.  I did not get to hear it but my friends told me it was fun.  Lots of music and dancing... and drinking! Atmosphere = 7Service = 9Food = 10I do plan to go back again the next time I am up in the Sanford area!  Enjoy!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/16/2012,83,182,,5,5>A bar in an import furniture store, what could be better? Well add a great array of craft beer, cider and wines, some Turner Classic Movies, great chill areas and a great atmosphere and you have a true gem in Orlando on your hands. Hungry? No worries, you will probably find the Fish Out of Water Sushi truck outside. Beautiful product surrounds you, so if you see something it's probably for sale! What are you waiting for? Go!!!!!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/15/2012,7,64,7,6,4>Best bathrooms in town.  No, really, they're a work of art - there are two light switches for a reason, flip on the black light and you'll see.  You don't have to  be a bathroom connoisseur, to appreciate them.   But I digress (or perhaps all reviews should start at the bathroom and work their way out?) - this place is about the beer, and there are few places that rotate in quality taps as often as Jason does.  They might just have the only Randle in town, so you can always expect something interesting (hot peppers? strawberries? apples & cloves?  chocolate and mint?) being run through one of the local taps.  The service here is fantastic. Jason and the rest of the staff are super friendly, helpful, and they'll make you feel like your'e at home with a bunch of beer loving strangers.Atmosphere is low key - another rarity for downtown - which means you can actually have a conversation with the person next to you and not get drowned out withWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB.....  If you like some noise, you can still step outside and watch the train go by, or wave to the OFD as the Firetrucks pull out.The rest of the place is gorgeous too - the wood is probably my favorite part of the decor.  Solid cypress stools and counter make for a cozy feel.  Don't forget to look up - and if you surf, some of the boards in the rafters are for sale.  Did I mention the bathrooms?  Go see the bathrooms.  Both of them.  But stop and try a new beer first.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/14/2012,100,218,,5,5>I was positively giddy when I discovered The Ancient Olive.  Olive oil and balsamic vinegar appear in just about every meal that I prepare and olive oil and balsamic vinegar is what The Ancient Olive offers.  Hidden away in a tiny courtyard off of Park Avenue, the Ancient Olive is as inviting as a Hobbit's kitchen!TAO's space is cozy.  Balsamic vinegars to the right and oils to the left.  Cheerful, knowledgeble staff to the rear.  Both the vinegar and the oil is available for sampling -- a wonderful option.  After much sampling, I opted to try a mango infused white balsamic vinegar and a basic balsamic vinegar.  Both were outstanding in the shop and both have been wonderful additions to my pantry.  More than any other specialty food store, The Ancient Olive demonstrates why the quality of one's ingredients will determine the quality of one's meals.  I doubt I will ever be able to shop at a grocery store for vinegar or oil again.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,8/13/2012,85,61,3,3,3>We really enjoyed our dinner at Maxine's tonight. We started with a DELICIOUS appetizer special featuring a flavorful chick pea spread and Baba ghanoush with pita, olives, and peppers. The manager came by in between our appetizer and entrees and let us know that they're experimenting with bringing in more diverse flavors.My Bisteca Gorgonzola was cooked to exactly the right temperature and was very tasty. My wife raved about her Apple Butternut Squash soup, and the garden salad was great. The salad dressing could have had a little more flavor, but overall the food was excellent!The staff was attentive, friendly, and knowledgable. The small kitchen seems to put food out somewhat slowly, so I wouldn't recommend it for anyone in a particular hurry-- but it was perfectly adequate for our dining experience.The lively atmosphere included a DJ who was playing house music when we first arrived, then changed to oldies when a group of older customers sat right in front of his station. If you're looking for a quiet atmosphere, this may not be for you.The quality of the food and attentiveness of the staff will bring us back. :)
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,8/12/2012,1408,1403,2,4,2>Love what they have done with this place. The previous establishment never looked very inviting. The inside and outside is now modern, hip, inviting and relaxing. The sandwiches are delicous, and it will  take many visits to sample all the drinks on the menu. I had a Thai tea. I don't know how much sugar can be disolved in tea, but this must be testing the physical limit, not advised for people with blood sugar problems.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,8/20/2014,82,327,1,9,6>A couple families I know have annual passes to Fun Spot, so I end up going with my kids to hang out with them a lot. (In hindsight, I probably should have bought the annual passes when they were running a promotion, but next time...)Fun Spot is of course in the touristy part of town, but it attracts a more local crowd. My friends and I usually grab a table in the restaurant and set up a home base for the day. We bring board games and snacks and just camp out in there while the kids play. It works out great. And you don't have to pay admission to get in, so you can sit and hang out for free. With the wristbands you can get unlimited rides. Fun Spot has a couple of pretty good roller coasters (one's a wooden coaster). Unlike the theme parks they usually have pretty short lines for all of the rides. 15 minutes is probably the longest I have ever had to wait for anything. The go-carts are really fun, and slightly terrifying. I never liked them as a kid and as an adult they still scare me. Everything here does seem reasonably safe though. I've seen the attendants on the go-cart track in action and they are quick to help a kid that can't steer or call out someone who is being too crazy.Food here is typical carnival food. Funnel cakes and all kinds of fried candy bars are at stands outside in the park. The fried Oreos are awesome. They sell pizza, chicken tenders and that kind of stuff in the restaurant. Food prices are fair.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/19/2014,34,70,4,3,5>Came here on a recommendation for a great spot in the Winter Park area...it was a very high recommendation, so I walked in with high expectations all the way around...and was a pleasantly suprised when I was blown away by all aspects of my visit there! Loved the rustic and open air feel and layout of the place. Really not a bad seat in the house. If you were sat in the back you had the action of the open kitchen to keep you entertained, if you sat up front you had the large open doors giving you access to both the inside and outside and then if you grabbed a seat at the bar...I mean, you are at the bar, so it could be worse. Food wise, we both ate on the light side as it was an early stop in our night, but after all these reviews I am definitely going to have to go back and try some of this pizza you all rave about! We both had pasta dishes and split the polenta; of course with a side of expertly recommended wine. Bountiful menu, wonderful wine, simple yet intricate design and impeccable service all creating a wonderful overall experience. Definitely will be a return patron!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/18/2014,223,368,2,4,6>I am completely in love.  I finally visited this adorable place after a long run on Saturday and I was craving some serious baked goods.I had a ham, cheddar cheese, cracked black pepper, and chive scone.  It was light, fluffy, and delicious!  They also had a couple of other sweet varieties, but I was down with the savory.The highlight for me though was their COFFEE!  It is GOOD and less than $2.  They will give you free refills too.  The decor, the atmosphere and the staff - just all good in my book.  Can't wait to return this weekend for another after-run scone!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,8/17/2014,123,206,1,4,5>La Granja is a great place to get some reasonably priced fresh food for your family.Sure the place isn't fancy but you are sure to get a satisfying latin meal here.The grilled steak combo is a favorite of mine post races. I have also enjoyed the chicken meal.Nothing I have ordered thus far has been disappointing.If you want to treat yourself, the latin desserts are quite tasty as well.It may not look great on the inside but the constant crowd should tell you something. This place is legit.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/16/2014,30,190,5,7,4>This is my "special occasion" spot with the wife, even though it's really not so terribly expensive.  I've had amazing service both times I have been here, and their menu changes slightly each time. I've ordered different menu items both times, and have really liked everything I have ordered.  It is a small setting (the back of the restaurant; I have never dined in the front) and the servers do their best to be attentive and explain menu items you may not understand.  The chef will come out and visit at least once during service, to say hello and check on how the food came out.  It's a great place for an upscale dining experience on the west side, and I'll definitely return.  Don't let that scare you off; I get out of here for around $100 for two people if neither of us are drinking, so there are certainly less impressive and more expensive places to go (looking at you, Morton's).
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,8/15/2014,43,97,1,8,5>My husband and I decided to take a drive up to Mount Dora to try the Brewery and some get some lunch.  When we arrived we were quickly approached, and we decided to sit outside in the garden.After looking over the menu, we decided to share the wedge salad and the fish sandwich with a side of onion rings. I can't stress enough how wonderful it all was.  The portions are huge. The salad was worthy of a fancy steak house.  The fish was golden brown and delicious, the tartar sauce was spot on with a hint of cardamon, and the roll was fresh and tasty. Our over-sized onion rings were excellent dipped in the chili infused remoulade sauce. I'm looking forward to returning for more food.My husband and I ordered the six beer sample tray and a pint of the Rabbit Red. The Beauclair Blonde Ale is quite good and a bit different than most blonde ales. It has a wonderful brown sugar overtone and is roastier than most blondes.  Next up was the Dora Draw do Drool which is a blend of the blonde ale and the red ale.  Easy drinking and refreshing. Third beer on the plate was Rockin' Rabbit Red Ale. Another nice and easy drinking beer. Dirty Blonde was the forth beer of the flight.   Again easy drinking. Reminds me of a nice brown ale without being too malty. The fifth sample of the day was the Rabbit Pellet Porter (love the name).  I'm not easy to please when it comes to porters since it's my favorite.  It was pretty good. Not big enough for me , but easy drinking. Last up was Pistolville Porter. Favorite of the flight. Real nice porter with nice coffee notes.patioWe will definitely return when we find ourselves in Mount Dora again.  Awesome food and
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/14/2014,171,134,4,10,8>I have been here quite a few times since they first opened and I really dig it. Here's what I have found based on my personal experience.Sundays - tip the cook and you will receive free food in the form of delicious meaty (or non-meaty if you like, they have both) wieners, plus a bag of chips and plenty of condiments. Good fuel to keep you going for an afternoon Sunday Funday type thing. In General - board games and card games such as Cards Against Humanity,  Battleship, and Checkers are available to keep you and your friends occupied. Dogs are welcome and are appropriately cooed over upon entering. Water bowls are kept near the bar to keep your little friends hydrated.Free shell-on peanuts are also on deck to give your nervous little hands something to do while talking to people. My nuts, your hands, ohhh myyy.Outside you will find a large open-air patio with picnic-style benches and large umbrellas to keep that sun off your noggin. Bonus - colorful puzzle-piece shaped foam seats to keep your butt happy are located near the back door.Drinks and service - I always ask if they have X beverage and then ask how much it is, then I order away. So far this has worked out well for me. I enjoy their Rekorderlig cider and their Relax Riesling on hot days. They also have a selection of IPAs, stouts, etc for your beer needs. If you don't see it on the menu or want to know how much it is, the staff will be happy to check on it and let you know. Staff will come outside to check on you from time to time and see if there's anything you need. They also provide menus for neighboring restaurant Pho K 5 if requested. It's a great place to spend a couple hours hanging with friends, leisurely sipping away while chatting and playing games. I have no complaints!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/13/2014,197,151,6,14,11>YES! This shop is exactly what Orlando was missing.Refreshing, delicious teas? They've got that! A bright, relaxing atmosphere? Heck yes!Super friendly service? It doesn't get better. ...oh wait, it totally does!Newly minted and just two weeks old, Tea and Tea has a great selection of teas and blends. You can get them iced or hot, sweetened or unsweetened. Take a look at their menu for a full selection, or check out their extensive collection of teas lined up in the glass display. The iced blends are the perfect remedy for the Florida heat; but if you're a traditionalist, you can have it served hot too. I've had several of their drinks so far and they're all amazing -- my favorite has been the Piece of Heaven. Every single one of these blends had been personally created by the owners, Denise and Hansen; and their efforts have been well worth it. Normally, when I find a food or drink I love, I tend to get the same thing over and over again (Why mess with a good thing?), but with Tea and Tea, I'm always willing to try something new because I know I can't go wrong with them. If you're looking to snack, they have a case of yummy desserts, made and delivered from a local bakery. Mmm. Their teas are also for sale in various-sized packages; they make perfect gifts for tea-lovers (and they're less pricey than some other tea retailers).The atmosphere is great, too. The wall decorations were all handmade by Denise (Check out the abstract red-orange painting on the back wall -- inspired by the shape of the glasses the teas are served in!), and they help create a very calm, organic space. The music is also good; chill, but upbeat and a little quirky. It doesn't distract you either, and fills the space with a casual vibe. They've also have several chalkboard wall panels installed in the hallway, so don't forget to leave your mark. Get creative!But my favorite thing about Tea and Tea? It's the perfect work space. As a student, the Orlando area is severely lacking in coffee/tea shops that work well for studying -- every other place either closes too early, is a Starbucks (nothing against Starbucks, but I prefer supporting local shops whenever possible), or just isn't study-friendly (unreliable wi-fi, lack of outlets, super expensive, etc.). Here, they have free wi-fi (be sure to ask them for the password), table-height outlets (both regular and USB ports), and a delicious array of drinks and snacks for when you need that mental boost. As an added bonus, they're also open fairly late. Whoo! Pro-tip: Put in your email or phone number when paying -- for every nine drinks, your tenth drink is free!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/12/2014,89,137,3,9,10>This is a great area to enjoy the Florida sunshine and get some exercise. Whether you are running or walking, or even riding a bike or rollerblading, there is a sidewalk trail that is lit up the whole way around the lake. I believe it is just over 1.5 miles the entire way around.There is a boat ramp and dock off the parking lot, and I usually see people jet skiing or on john boats fishing. Not sure that I would eat anything from the lake, but to each his own! I'm surprised I don't ever see any kayaks, I would think this would be a good spot for kayaking. Maybe the water is too rough?The park is always clean and well maintained. There are a few exercise stations scattered about, and a little pavilion on the Lake Underhill road side. The only downside is the parking. The lot is not very big and the spots are kinda awkward, as they are lined for trucks with boat trailers. If you are able to walk or ride a bike over, I would suggest that to save the hassle.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/11/2014,148,339,1,6,5>This is what all coffee shops should be like. On top of having great coffee, along with a great variety, they have friendly service and a focus on remaining non-profit.The lines can often be long, especially during the Farmer's Market on Saturdays. But they usually move along at a decent pace. Plus, the wait has normally been worth it. It can also be rather challenging to find a seat during peak times. But the only awkward time we've had is when a Bible Study group decides to meet during the busiest of times and you are standing in line right next to them.They have a loyalty program, so remember to register and then give them your name every time you order. They also a commuter program that you can sign up for which is something along the lines of 20 servings of coffee paid in advance. We haven't taken advantage of this yet, but it does sound rather convenient since it allows you to just grab and go.They get their pastries and other breakfast items fresh from local bakeries. They're willing to warm them up in the microwave for you upon request. They have generally been quite tasty. Our personal favorites are the White Chocolate and Raspberry Scone and Blueberry Muffin.We're so glad that we have Axum in Winter Garden. We truly enjoyed Downtown Credo when we lived in the College Park area, and so it was a relief to find another coffee shop that has a similar purpose (minus the "pay what you want" program).
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,3/14/2012,47,47,8,5,6>I would have never known this place ever existed had it not been for those fun soccer boys of Orlando City. Apparently, this is their place to come post game, and I, being in the care of the Ruckus supporters group was in tow to meet and greet at this place. My God, I'm thankful they showed me this little gem.  I have been here a few times now, and the problem I have everytime is that I have no idea what I'm going to order.  Too many appetizing sounding choices, my brain just wants to shut down. My stomach screams "Feed the Fat Boy!" and my mind shouts back in a panic "Which One?! Which One?!" I love blue cheese, so the Jazzy Dog sounded wild enough to give a shot, and I have to say, it was a pretty good choice. My personal WTFOMG THIS IS SO GREASY BUT I LOVE IT is the Italian Dog. Pepperoni on a hot dog? Eh, What the Hell, I'll give it a shot!  Yup. It's pretty good. However, I have to say the BBQ dog and the California dog are my two favorites. Even though I harbor secret dreams of California breaking off and floating away in the next earthquake, I have to grudgingly admit that they started the whole idea of "Avocados on Anything" trend in this country, making it much more available to me. The BBQ Dog however harkens back to my days of living in the South; BBQ sauce, like avocados, just goes well on anything. Light it up. This is a great, unassuming little dog place. No fancy stuff, but a lot o' heart, and that goes a long way.  They haven't fallen short yet with me, and I'm hoping they never do. Now on to those knishes that I seem to have somehow overlooked on that menu!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,3/13/2012,115,241,,6,5>Since I work upstairs from this new joint and I've been listening to construction noises for a good 6 months, it would be a shame for me to not visit at least a few times since they opened.My coworkers and I were actually their very first table for lunch on opening day and while they did have several kinks to work out, overall things were good. For the first day, we decided to sit at the teppan tables to get the full experience. Udon noodles are served for lunch instead of fried rice but you can upgrade for a reasonable $2. The chef put on a very good show and was exactly what I expected. Overall, the cost of the lunch teppan meals are inexpensive ($8 - $12, depending on what you order) and I'm hoping they keep prices at that level.On another visit, I decided to try out the sushi bar area. It has a cozy atmosphere with good, dim lighting and modern decor. The two rolls I tried were incredible:* Tempura eel and mango - Mango on top of an eel and asparagus roll with a honey sauce drizzled over it. This was a perfect blend of flavors... don't ruin by dipping in soy sauce!* Jalapeno tuna - spicy tuna roll with jalapeno and a teeny tiny dab of wasabi mayo on top. I'm a huge fan of jalapenos and I always love it when I see sushi restaurants daring to use them in their dishes, so this was a plus for me. On a side note, try a sake bomb there. It's an interesting experience but try not to break your hand! ;0)
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,3/12/2012,389,242,3,6,4>This was the first stop on our self-directed Asian Food Tour.  That means, Honey and I took the kids to try vietnamese food for the first time haha...  a little pho, some banh mi sandwiches, then boba to finish the day.We went for an early dinner.  The restaurant was not crowded at all, but the service was incredibly slooooowwwwww....  Thankfully, the food made up for the awful wait.  I had beef, he had chicken, the kids had chicken fried rice.  Oops...  let me clarify, the adults' food was great.  the kids' food, not so much.I know...  I'm still giving this place 4 stars because the adults were happy.  I never would've ordered chicken fried rice for myself but I thought it was gonna be a kid friendly meal that couldn't be messed up.  Wrong.  The rice was really dry and clumpy.  It was if the plate had been sitting out all night and we were trying to eat it the next day.  yuck...  no wonder they didn't like it :(But, as I said, the adults were happy.  The pho was really good and I will definitely go back for that.  I probably won't try anything else though.Oh yeah, we also had spring rolls and fried egg rolls.  Both were satisfactory.  Nothing special.Pho.  All the way.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,3/11/2012,101,248,3,5,7>Awesome, awesome place with the most wonderful owners!I fell in love with their dark chocolate and sea salt bars at a friends Halloween party. Oh yum! Then, I saw their amazing, completely edible "Jami Shoos" chocolate shoes. How adorable, clever, and snazzy!After mentioning said chocolate shoe, I received one recently for my birthday. It was even better in real life. Dark chocolate with red, edible glitter spray overlay, and loads of delicate, edible pearls all over. The best part was that they customized my Shoo label with my name. What a way to make this birthday girl feel even more special! (Note: they usually don't customize the labels from what I was told.) I posted pictures of the Shoo. :)They even threw in some lovely sea salt chocolate caramels, chocolate bars, and chocolate dipped popcorn as a special birthday gift for me. What a nice treat!We stopped in the next day to take a look at the shop, say hello and a big thanks to the owners, and, of course, buy some more treats! Yes, I got some of the chocolate covered bacon. It was quite interesting. Perfect stocking stuff for the bacon lovers in your life!Do stop in for all of your holiday and non-holidays treats. There is something for everyone including sugar free items.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,3/10/2012,111,174,,7,6>Macarons are an artform unto themselves. To do them well is challenging under the best of circumstances. To make macarons in Florida is a sadistic undertaking. Yet these folks seem to have nailed it. When we saw their sandwich board sign as we walked down Park Avenue today, I couldn't help but change course to go check them out. The man behind the counter was incredibly nice and encouraged us to enjoy all the samples he had to offer. He explained that his brother in law owned the place and was an expert at making macarons but discovered the challenges that Florida brought to the process when he came here. So he actually brought a pastry chef in from France to work on perfecting a macaron recipe that would stand up to the Florida climate. They succeeded.We sampled a raspberry macaron, a lemon macaron, a creme brulee macaron, a gingerbread macaron and a salted butter caramel macaron. Happy mouths all around. They also have some of the most gorgeous jewel like looking truffles and fresh gelati on hand. I sampled the greek yogurt & apricot gelati and it was quite lovely.  What a nice addition to the Park Avenue landscape this little place makes. It's not too late to swing by and pick up some of these little lovelies to bring to your next holiday gathering - definitely a sweet feast for the eyes as well as your palate. C'est tres bien!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,3/9/2012,334,198,4,11,7>OMG - have I told you lately how much I love this place.Granted, the exterior isn't anything to get excited over but don't judge a book (or in this case restaurant) by it's cover people. You have got to try this place. And I don't just say that because I have become addicted to the arepas here (or then again, maybe I do). Either way, the food is absolutely delicious and the service is excellent.In fact, if you don't like it, you can leave me a bad review. Yup, it's that good! :)
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,3/8/2012,74,56,2,15,9>Of all the Vietnamese Supermarkets in the Mills/50 District, Tien Hung is the one I frequent the most.  2-3 times a month?  It may look small from the outside, but take a step in and you'll see that it's just as vast as any other market in the area.Although, I don't come to the market for groceries.  I come here for 5 specific items.  Banh Mi, Taro Boba Smoothies, Summer Rolls, Papaya Salad and Banh Bao.  When I'm craving vietnamese cuisine, but don't have the patience for a restaurant,  I'll come to Tien Hung for a quick fix.  I like to think of it as a Vietnamese "fast food" option.Banh Mi ($3.00).  Their Special Combo Banh Mi is perfect for when you're itching for Banh Mi flavor and pressed for time.  Not my favorite in town, but delicious none the less.  They just recently added 5 new Banh Mi options in addition to the standard Special Combo.  Now they have Grilled Pork, Chicken, Barbecue Pork, Tofu and Sardines.  All their Banh Mi options are made fresh to order.  You could expect to wait at least 5 mins for one.Boba Smoothies ($4.00).  I was introduced to the Taro flavored Boba smoothie at Tien Hung.  I must say they have the absolute best Taro Smoothie I've had so far.  Like NOTHING you've tasted before.  The ones at Boston Bakery and Lollicup had a faint flavor, but the one at Tien is bursting with flavor.  Once you take your first slurp, I almost guarantee your mood will change for the better.  If you're feeling adventurous and want a good laugh with friends.. try the Durian Smoothie.  I'd love to comment on the flavor, but you'll just have to try it for yourself.  If you do, message me what you think!  Again, around a 5 min wait for a Boba Smoothie.Summer Rolls ($3.00).  I'm a lover of these rice paper wrapped rolls.  You can pick Shrimp, Pork or a combination of both.  The Summer Rolls are not made to order, but are made every few hours to put out on display for anyone to scoop up on the fly.  Personally, I love their Pork rolls the most.  They add an additional (sweet chili?) sauce for a slight kick that I absolutely love. Papaya Salad ($3.00).  Also made throughout the day in batches and set out for a grab and go.  The papaya salad is a very light Vietnamese medley that I've grown to like. Papaya, shrimp, pork, rice vermicelli, sprouts, lime, cilantro, red pepper, carrot, peanuts, a couple of jalapenos and a separate small plastic cup of fish sauce as dressing.  A lot of flavor for a small price.Banh Bao ($1.50).   Another grab and go item!  A tasty mixture of marinated pork, onion and hard boiled egg in the center of a steamed bun.  Delicious!  Cheap and filling.  The steamed bun can be superfluous in comparison to the amount of filling.  So, sometimes I'll just rip off the top of the steamed bun and chuck it to the side before I dive in.There you have it.  Looking for a quick fix on Vietnamese cuisine?  Stroll on into Tien Hung and get your fix of the basics.  Of course, they also have an abundance of diverse fresh fish, veggies, herbs and Vietnamese supermarket fare.  If I could suggest trying 1 item from here, I would definitely invite you to indulge in the Taro Boba smoothie.  By the cash register, next to the Banh Mi station, peek behind the counter behind the Boba Smoothie pictures to grab their attention.  They'll be more than happy to prepare the best Taro smoothie in town for you.Also, keep in mind that all Debit/Credit transactions carry a minimum purchase requirement of $10.00!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,3/7/2012,85,232,3,6,3>Believe It Or Not, I really do hate to be the table challenge at a restaurant but oh well, sometimes you just have to go for it! I rarely get much good out of chinese soups, but since I would not be getting the value(?) of the white rice,I went for it anyway. Asked if I could substitute a soup in lieu of the white rice with my dinner. I was pleasantly obliged, so Won Ton soup was my starter., well after a few of them wide crunchy chip things. Now I've always wondered what  species  of critter is in the meaty center of a won ton. I even dared asked once long time ago and was told: "meat". Perhaps somewhere in the Chin-english translation some significant question-answer parameter was lost? I no longer ask. My dining companion had the egg drop soup. I actually preferred the prevailing egg taste to that of the won ton critter for the first time in many decades, of my limited chinese dining.I choose the Beef n' Broccoli in brown sauce entree. This was a good entree. The beef  was tender and the broccoli was  steamed  to my favored degree of firmness with an easily yielding texture. Their seasonings, though hard to deconstruct on my palate, were very delicious in this entree! Perhaps a ting of star anise was in there? Whatever, it pleasantly gonged my yum-yum sensibility enough to box up the excess portion for a lunch. Had it for lunch next day after supplementing with some more of my chopped up broccoli and - gee, I saved an $8.00 lunch.  Well, actually made the dinner cost a little more reasonable. Good stuff.So, Simply put, China Lilly is on my go-to list  for a Dinner/Lunch. Expect very friendly service in this establishment! I believe you too, stand a fair chance of a 4 star  experience.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,3/6/2012,29,63,,8,5>Dear Lake Meadow Naturals,Thanks to you and your chickens I'm totally spoiled on free range birds !  OMG! Who knew you could boil a bird in water with a little salt and pepper and have the most delicious broth with never adding poultry seasoning! The only add-in was some fresh leeks and baby bella mushrooms. Oh yeah, plus a little butter and cream to give it some richness. You will definitely be seeing me again when I pick up our next culinary adventure.I would like to suggest though that you warn newbies to free range purchases that there may be a little extra cleanup on your birds that you don't see on a mass produced bird. It was a little nose wrinkling to see a few quills and small feathers still on the bird. Luckily I have an awesome guy that was able to ignore that little "eww" factor and after watching a couple youtube videos on how to cut up a chicken was able to nicely prep and cut the bird for me.I hope the grass fed beef is as good as the chicken. Can't wait to try it!
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/5/2012,56,35,3,9,6>This food truck is a great addition to the late-dining options in the downtown area. These guys have kicked it up a notch with their little outside tables where you can enjoy your food while watching crazy people right in the middle of all the clubbing area. Also, they accept credit/debit cards for all of us that don't carry cash...latin music bursting out of the truck is a nice touch!.The FOOD...delish! This is authentic Colombian fast food, all made to order and very tasty. My personal favorites are the empanadas (with home made sauce) and the arepa burger. On the other hand, my boyfriend has a mild addiction to their loaded Salchipapas. The food is delicious, saucy..yummy!!. One downfall would be that service is a bit slow, but who really cares when you are dancing to awesome music ?!Check it out!
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,5/6/2012,89,238,1,7,6>What a great place! We had been meaning to check out Prato for quite a while and now that we've been, I wish we had gone long ago. The layout is very nice, but as others mentioned it is a tight space. The service was great and the food was phenomenal. Plus, the Guinness is ice cold and they know how to pull a proper pint. For starters we got the calamari. Now this is how calamari should be made. So crispy. You know how a lot of places serve it semi-crispy, like it was once crispy but then sat around too long? Not here. Prato prepared it perfectly. It's a bit on the small side, but we really enjoyed it. For my entree I got the gnocchi with braised short ribs. This was by far the best gnocchi I've ever had. We both raved about how perfect it was. My wife got the trout. I'm not big on trout, but I tried hers and it was very flavorful and tender. For dessert we split the tiramisu. meh. I've had much better.  One thing I was happily surprised about was the prices were much more reasonable than I thought they would be. The pasta dishes are even offered in half portions. I think Prato is going to be a regular stop for us.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,5/5/2012,188,72,4,9,8>One of my favorite Asian markets to shop at in town. Their pricing, at least on the stuff I buy, isn't really the cheapest. It seems to range from about 25%-75% more expensive that some of the other markets, but their selection is vastly superior. Now before I go getting you confused here, this place is huge and has a GREAT selection, I am specifically talking about vegetarian "fake meat" options. NOBODY in town touches their selection. Not even close. They've got basically a 40-foot long freezer section just dedicated to stuff for us veggies. Fake shrimp, chicken, duck, lobster, 30 kinds of fake fish, lamb chunks, beef bits, fried tofu cubes, and squid. If you're vegetarian and want to replicate a non-vegetarian dish, they've probably got something to fit the bill. As far as pricing, they can be a bit steep, or really reasonable. That bottle of thai hot sauce you saw at a popular tex-mex chain for $12 for a 6oz bottle? You can buy a 1/2 gallon here for $2.95. But those fake shrimp? About $10-12 per lb where I've seen them for almost half that at another Asian market I reviewed. So, it's hit or miss on the pricing. But you *cannot* fault their selection. They own a couple locations, so they have buying power. I spoke with the owner on my last visit and he told me that some of the food distributors I buy from for my business actually come to him for certain Asian imports. It's a pretty cool shop, and it's the kind of place you'd better plan some time for, because you'll want to walk all the aisles. I'm usually there a good hour, even if I stopped in just to pick up two things. There's some really amazing finds in the place, from a 5lb bag of noodles for $2 to a really cool tea set or sake serving set for less than $20. Highly recommended.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,5/4/2012,221,378,7,8,6>Wowzas! From the first moment I walked in I heard the Door's song Love Street in my head. Then when I took my first bite of my cod taco and empanada I felt the Beatles She loves you in my heart.....I felt this because I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  The simple indi decor, the amazing waitstaff, and the uniquely inspired food.The Pros:Bring your own beer!  Hell yea!Our waiter was hilariousThe Cod TacoThe veggie empanadaThe chicken empanadaThe amazing apple butter chile sauce for dippingAnd probably every other item of food, can't wait to try! Especially pork belly taco(are you kidding me?!)The Cons:Cons are for losers! I haven't found one yet. The people of Pom Poms have done it again.  Another gem in the heart of Orlando.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,4/30/2012,243,268,20,10,15>Finally got myself over to the Wednesday night food truck pod behind Firestone Live and then...I atethe BEST burger I have EVER had,PERIOD.The 420 Burger, to celebrate the date some people may choose to observe for, uhhhhhh....something....Anyway,  we ALL know and love the Olde Hearth Bread Company's Brioche / Challah Kaiser with Egg wash The Spoon uses. Makes a most perfect container for such greatness. Then, of course, we have the juicy, Angus beef burger perfectly cooked to your liking (medium for me), melty Swiss cheese, topped with a fried onion ring, PINEAPPLE RELISH, and fucking CANDIED SPICY BACON! What?!? WHAT??!?!?SO good. Words fail me at moments like this. No they don't. This shit was so damn good, after I finished eating the beautiful burger, I sent hubs back in line for another. Besides, he was all pissy cause I ate most of that first one we got. I am in love!And props to Allie the sous chef/cashier/crowd control/saleswoman extraordinaire/a COMPLETE sweetie who recommended the 420 Burger to me in the first damn place.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,4/29/2012,47,83,5,9,4>Fellow Yelpers,Ashamed describes the feeling that I have in not taking any pictures for the reader's viewing pleasure.  Ergo, you'll have to do with my remarkable writing skills instead.This location is wonderful, light years ahead of its sister location on Park Avenue.  There is just something more metropolitan about the former.  Perhaps because it is located in Downtown, but I submit that is not it.  There is just something about the original flair of being the first.  Maybe that's a redundant statement, but you get the point.A couple of blocks away from all the noise pollution of downtown's main strip and obscenely loud drunken throngs; this makes for a great place to relax and enjoy a stimulating conversation.  What else would stimulate a conversation even more than a wide variety of wines to be consumed copiously which will subsequently do away with inhibitions adding to the excitement of these verbal exchanges?Feeling overwhelmed by the crowds? Hop on over to Eola Wine Company in a much quieter and more mature area of downtown.  There is a cute outdoor sitting area that is immensely enjoyed by yours truly on a cool day (especially in Winter time).  One can point at passers-by and criticize them while feeling superior with a glass of fine wine in hand.  I'm not saying I do this, but there are plenty of opportunities to engage in the aforementioned activity.  Nevertheless, enjoy the fresh crisp air that adds to the drinking experience of wines.The interior of this establishment is even better.  It is laid out quite well and dimly lit.  I strongly recommend this place for a meet up with friends or a romantic (post dinner) date.  There is something about the aura inside that makes conversations carry and wine to be consumed as if it was water due to the pace with which time passes during such scenarios.I highly recommend this joint for all.  Go there, stop 'whining' and be merry.  Pun intended.Tchau!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,4/28/2012,152,101,4,7,6>This place is weird.  I guess when I go to a Cajun place I expect a totally different atmosphere.  I expect a bustling restaurant with loud and happy patrons, maybe some music.  Not is the case with this place.  It was REALLY quiet when I went.  I almost felt like I had to whisper.  The servers were extremely nice and attentive but they were two, shy Vietnamese teenagers.  Not what I expected at all. The food is amazing.  I had the Oyster Po' Boy and a pound of the Sha Bang crawfish.  Sha Bang is a combination of all their sauces.  As I've mentioned before fried oysters are on my death bead menu and the oysters on this Po' Boy did not disappoint.  They were huge and plump and perfectly fried.  The crawfish were messy and spicy, as they shoud've been.  I also tried my boyfriend's Jambalaya.  It was really, really good.I can't wait to go back and try, well, pretty much everything.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,4/27/2012,178,174,2,8,9>The concept is great - savory and sweet waffle sandwiches.  So far I have tried the Chicken and Waffle, Peanut Butter Nutella Waffle, and Blueberry Cheesecake Waffle (my favorite).  All of them were delicious!  I agree with Megan H that the key to the Chicken and Waffle is the gravy.  It makes the sandwich ten times better. The staff has always been friendly, but my last time at the truck is what earned them five stars.  We were actually in search of another food truck that we hadn't tried yet, but they were gone.  Instead we found Melissa's and suddenly had a major craving for chicken and waffles.  When we got out of the car we noticed that the window was closed, so we started getting ready to leave.  The guy working that day saw us, got out of his truck, and ran over to let us know that he was packing up, but he still had an order of chicken and blueberry cheesecake if we were interested.  This made our day!  He could have easily let us walk away empty-handed, but instead he went out of his way to help us.  Now I'm a fan for life!I believe they are normally located at 50 and Ferncreek during the day, but you can also find them at The Tastes and Sounds of Downtown on Wednesday nights, located in the parking lot behind The Club at Firestone.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,4/26/2012,209,208,4,5,6>This is the way eating was meant to be!When compared to your typical Friday night restaurant, The Ravenous Pig goes above and beyond in food, service, and atmosphere.  A friend and I visited TRP last weekend in the middle of the never-ending rain and with harsh weather and all, there was still a moderate buzz of people, which surprised me.  But now I totally get it.  The service was outstanding and the knowledge of food and wine from Brandon, our server, was very much appreciated and helped with our decision making, especially for the lovely wine.  We ordered the Gruyere biscuits to start and two orders of the venison for our entrees.  The biscuits were warm and melted along with the sea salt butter on our tongues.  These biscuits also had a slight bite at the end which was nice.  The wine Brandon suggested was the Carmichael "Sur la Pont" Syrah, a red wine that was bold, but not too sweet or dry, perfect combination for our meal.  (Note: I found that it was a much better deal to buy the bottle then to buy by the glass.  Not all bottles are offered by the glass, but if they are they are a quarter of the full bottle price.) Now, the main event, the venison.  I ordered my entree medium and it came out tender and so lovely.  It was served alongside a fig and chanterelle mushroom salad with a pine nut puree decorating the plate and adding a perfect combination of flavor with the venison and fresh figs.  Though a more "gamey" thought of meat, the flavor was very light and I can't get over how tender!After entrees, we were both pleasantly satiated with wine and food, but we couldn't resist the dessert menu!  We opted to share the bread pudding with nutella ice cream, and although we didn't find the ice cream to be that impressive, the warm decadence of the bread pudding with rich chocolate and fresh hazelnuts inside was the perfect ending along with our last glass of wine.The Ravenous Pig has been the best restaurant I've been to in Orlando.  I can't wait until I have another occasion to visit this amazing place!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,4/25/2012,1381,1517,4,6,7>Beautifully inspiring.  I saw Vampire's Ball with much  hesitation.   I think of vampires as dark, and dreary, and depressing-- not light, entertaining, or delightful. I wondered how this show would come together leaving the audience feeling good.My concerns were unfounded as the show was exceptionally done, and ended with me on my feet dancing in a fantastic mood!  How did that happen?Costuming.Modern Music.Exceptional talent.Comedy. . .It just worked.Very clever and lovely.   I wish I could somehow transport myself back in time and somehow start training in dance at the age of 3.  Is it too late for me? That's  a hypothetical question.Props to Robert Hill for such a unique concept.  Well done!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/24/2012,68,280,7,15,8>I go to R&C's at least once a week and when I first moved to Clermont I went almost everyday (don't tell my cholesterol). It is an awesome local business with THE best pizza I have had... probably ever... and I hate to see that certain jealous business owners in the area keep posting bogus reviews. Get on that, Yelp!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,1/25/2013,8,79,,5,4>THOR is awesome. I admit it. I do not normally eat hot dogs.  THOR can hardly be called a hot dog.  The Swededish food truck often shows up at the College Park Farmers Market, and when it does show up, count me in for a THOR.  Is it the mashed potaotes spread on the thin and tasty bread?Is it the crab seafood spread on top of the potatoes?Is it the flavor of dill?Is it the actual hot dog?Whatever it is, this is a great dish.Try it, and you will have a new opinion about hotdogs.We have had many of the other dishes too. All are very good. One week there was a special that involved thin sliced cucumbers, smooth creamy cheese, and tuna - another favorite.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/24/2013,381,105,,5,3>I must say that I was a bit apprehensive of a new eating establishment in Celebration.  But Sweet Escapes has hit a home run and will be an amazing addition to Celebration as a community and a destination for tourists.It compliments the other dining establishments as a fresh, innovative and superbly designed menu with baked goods, fresh pastries and delicious sandwiches and soups.Divided into three main sessions, it includes a bakery, a small market and a sandwich shoppe.Prices range to satisfy all budgets.The bakery and pastries are always fresh no matter the time of day.  When you walk in you can sense and smell the oven hard at work!Always a warm smile and a welcome greeting will let you know that you have arrived at a neighborhood bakery that seems to have been here for years.All sandwiches and paninis are made to order with much care and delight.There are two seating areas, one inside and another outside that circumvents the whole corner.All in all, Sweet Escapes is a great addition to Celebration, FL.Gracias!!!!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/23/2013,4,52,,5,4>My favorite spot for some "me" time :-)I've been to the Beauty Spot for a bunch of different spa services, including pedicures, massages, body scrubs and facials, and every single time has been perfection. Scheduling is a little tough if you want a specific massage therapist or want to walk-in for a last minute appointment, so I recommend booking in advance to avoid that. They have excellent membership deals (better than the chain massage places) and there always seems to be some type of special online (livingsocial, groupon, etc) for a discount.The decor is so cute with all the pinks and the relaxing candles, it's a fun shop too if you're looking for some accessories (the clothes are only in limited sizes - boutique). The massage therapists are so friendly, really like a friend and willing to help you with whatever is ailing you (just ran a half marathon, just took an 8-hour long test...) - they are experts!I love this place and will keep going back!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,1/22/2013,363,344,2,5,4>Trendy...Cunning....maybe even Avant-Garde?  Regardless of how you want to word it, Sushi Pop is the sushi experience you've probably been waiting for.  Modern vibrant interior design with televisions playing anime.  The staff is both friendly and helpful, refilling water and removing empty plates with swift and deliberate care.  They have about 5 different types of draught beer (both 12 & 16oz glasses available) and a decent bottle selection.  There is also a full bar that is nicely displayed with three banzai tree arrangements.  I enjoyed the open kitchen layout, which allows you to see the Chef's roll the sushi and cook the food.  Transparency in the kitchen is always a good thing.Food I enjoyed:*The edamame seasoned with shichimi pepper & garlic was AMAZING.  *The Spicy Tuna has traces of spicy sesame oil to make the roll truly spicy.*The Triple Tail roll consists of tuna, salmon and yellowtail.  Another tasty choice.*The North Star Roll consisted of spicy salmon, kampyo and smelt roe topped with escolar.Make a reservation if you plan on coming here. This place had NO seating on a Tuesday evening. I plan to visit whenever I am on that side of town.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,1/21/2013,498,694,2,3,4>Great pizza..just OK wings.  We decided to come here for a pre-Magic game dinner.  Brick & Fire is located less than 10 minute drive from the Amway center.We got there around 5:30 PM, and it was kind of quiet, but it was a Wednesday night.  We were promptly seated and immediately taken care of.  Our waitress was the bomb!  I think her name was Lee... Being that the entire family is very picky when it comes to pizza, we decided to all get personal pizzas.  We tried the veggie and goat cheese, BBQ chicken, Alfredo, and peperoni. They all rocked!  I love the crispy thin crust and abundant ingredients (had to eat it with a fork)  We also opted to try the wings since it was 50 cent wing night.  All in all they were just OK.  We got the herbed Parmesan, and the chipotle pineapple.This is definitely a must come to place.  Great choice for a family before the Magic game.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/19/2013,75,80,4,4,3>OMG why did I wait so long to come to this place!I don't mind ordering off of a board when the food is this gosh darn tasty!I had the quesadilla with chicken.  It was a little crispy and had caramelized onions.  Every aspect was flavorful.  I freaking loved it.  My date had the veggie burrito.  He is hooked.  I had a bite, it was also quite yummy!  My friends tried all of the different types of tacos, and I heard nothing but cheers of praise.  Especially for the Double DsThey have rooster sauce.  Yes, Sriracha in a pump like ketchup.  I was mildly afraid my date was going to stick his head under the tap.  With much restraint, he resisted, which is good news, because I can still show my face in this place, and I can hardly wait!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,1/18/2013,178,174,4,25,9>Whenever I feel like I need a little healthy boost, I head over to Smoothie Room.  The juices are delicious and oh so good for you.  My favorite is the Green Light vegetable juice.  It has parsley, spinach, broccoli, and pineapple.  It sounded like it would taste like grass, but the pineapple adds just enough sweetness to prevent that.Yes, they are pretty expensive, but since these are an occasional treat for me, I'm willing to pay a bit of a premium so that I don't have to go through the trouble of juicing at home.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/17/2013,130,122,,7,3>This is probably one of my favorite places to lounge in the Dr. Phillips area. It's never crowded or crazy (at least during the times I have gone)).The music is always really good, and I like that their food portions are small and manageable. Try the truffle mac & cheese! So good. Another good menu standout is the salmon with risotto. Perfect portion and perfectly cooked each time.But at this place, the wine is really the star. With a large selection, you are bound to find something you like. Once you have decided, the super friendly waitstaff will bring you a stemmed ice bucket to perch next to your table (if you order anything white). It's always nice to not have your sauvignon blanc go warm from sitting on a table for over an hour.If you want to do something super chill and not deal with one of those "see-and-be-seen" places, Le Rouge is for you. Plus, the owner is so friendly and nice, you will come back again and again and again.Thank you, Le Rouge, for opening a cool lounge that you can actually "lounge" in!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,1/16/2013,304,661,,9,5>Avalon offers a nice selection of herbal and alternative products, tucked away on Hillcrest just off the intersection of Colonial and Mills. (You can see the Colonial Photo store from their back parking lot) I arrived to a crowded shop with people perusing and several kids looking through the various stones and rocks. My first trip in was for a Soap Making class/demo, which was informative. The only way the class could have been better was being in a cooler room and leaving with a bar of the type of soap that was made that day. The shop had nice product offerings, staff was helpful.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,1/15/2013,71,58,2,4,3>Haven't been here yet? You're missing out! Gnarly Barley is off Orange ave between Oakridge Rd. and Sandlake Rd. .  It's right in my neighborhood so that makes it extra special. This is a craft beer bar - and what a selection they have.  There are several selections on draft and many, many more in bottles.  But they don't stop there - the food is great! My favorite is the brisket tacos.  HOLY COW! They are just too good to describe, you just need to try them.  Today I went for lunch and had the Brisket Bacon sandwich.  Amazing! I subbed provolone cheese for the cheddar and it was delish. They also have great salads and appetizers.  The guys that run this place are awesome.  So glad they're here and I hope they stick around for a very long while.  Get your arse over there...unless it's a Monday, that's their day of rest.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,11/14/2011,321,407,,26,11>Pasha is a brand-spanking new Mediterranean restaurant located in the Mall at Millenia area, a few doors down from Greens and Grille.  They just opened today -- I was their fourth customer.  They are a large 150-seat restaurant occupying the former space of La Bella Luna.It's unrecognizable from when it was Italian; now it's done up beautifully Mediterranean style.  The staff was attentive and helpful with the menu.There is a large lunch special menu, as well as the dinner menu, with an array of appetizers, soups, salads, pita wraps, couscous, gyros, desserts and more.  I chose a starter of Zaalouk, cold mashed roasted eggplant with cumin, tomato, coriander and Moroccan spices and a large helping of bread.The main course was vegetarian couscous, with potatoes, chickpeas, zucchini, carrots and more.  It was delectable.Not that I needed it, but I tried some dessert, baklava, which was very good.  And they gave me some complimentary Moroccan hot tea.  The sign is big and orange and easy to spot as you drive along Millenia Boulevard.  I'm glad to have them in the neighborhood.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,11/13/2011,86,62,5,6,3>Chili and cheese, say hello to your exotic cousin... Hula!A month after being introduced to Colombian hot dogs I had the pleasure of eating a hot dog inspired by another foreign country... The lost land of Hawaii.First comes the dog. I had the normal beef hot dog, with the other option being a spicy sausage that sounded quite tasty. They claim there's a third option but all saw for a third option was "veggie dog" which essentially means there isn't a third.You could stop there or you could pick from a few typical condiments, but come on... Their slogan should be, "This is Hula Dog, mother fuckers, leave that boring shit at home!" It's on I-Drive, so they may have to clean up that slogan a bit before putting it on their sign, but it's totally OK with me if they want to use it as-is.Picked out a dog? Good. Now, Fido needs a bath. You pick a "hula" sauce, a fruit sauce and a mustard. For my choices, I went with the garlic lemon, pineapple, and pineapple mustard, respectively. While there are only three or four choices for each item, it's more than enough to lend to numerous combinations.Now that you've made your choices, some mad genius in the back shoves your dog through the middle of a sweet bread loaf and squirts your selected sauces inside deep down inside.It's crazy messy, but it's also crazy good. Luckily, they deliver your hula dog in a wrapper that keeps all of the sauces and mustard from oozing out. With only a couple of bites remaining, I decided to ditch the wrapper, which I almost immediately regretted. An icky, sticky mess.All of the toppings went so well together. My girlfriend had the mango fruit sauce and mango mustard, which were also delicious. I'm quite excited about trying both the banana and coconut sauces. A combo, which includes your dog, chips, and a drink comes to just under 8 bucks. Not bad for how full I was at the end!I will definitely be heading back to try some more combinations.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,11/12/2011,209,208,6,5,6>This place brings me back to middle school field trips and requesting Donna Lewis' "I love you, always forever" for my heartthrob crush (which so happend to be Tom Cruise... don't judge be it was pre-Scientology crazy time!).  Oh the good ol' days.. haha.If you're looking for something new to do on a Saturday night check this place out.  You may feel a bit rusty at first, but it's just like riding a bike.  But if you weren't very good as a kid, I think there's no hope, sorry.  They play great music, nothing contemporary, just the best '70s, '80s, and '90s jams you can think of all balanced by flashing lights galore.  There is a DJ, so requests might be an option.  Give it a go!  You'll be amazed with how much fun you'll have trying to stay on your feet!
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,11/11/2011,129,86,5,5,5>I've been to Valdiano's a few times on my lunch break and after a Movie in the Winter Park Village and I have got to say that I love it beginning to end. The second you walk in you can smell the pizza baking in the oven and hear the foodgasms in the air. The owners are amazing. Old school Italiano in here. They're a little pushy but in that loving Italian way. They just want to feed you. And I'm glad they always convince me to get another slice because one (despite the more than fair size) is never enough. Even if I'm full I want more. It's the only NYC style pizza in town that actually tastes like pizza from NYC. Papa John needs to take a pizza making lesson from Papa Valdiano. Oh and I'm not sure if you glanced at the pictures but you'll notice the picture I posted of the best Cannoli I've ever eaten. And when I ate it I looked like a kid with chocolate all over my face and fingers but I didn't care. It was that good!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/9/2011,221,378,15,7,6>Genesis 1:40On the 8th day, God created Fish, the coolest surfer chef ever.On the 9th day, Fish created pulled pork sandwiches like no other has been created before.On the 10th day, Fish made fun of me for looking grumpy in the line.On the 11th day, I bowed before Fish and joined in saying a prayer to his God, Marktar: Creator of sandwich and super crispy smoked baconOn the 12th day, God got pissed because we were praying to another god.On the 13th day, God tried the Club Elvis and said "Holy shit this IS a good sandwich!"And the people rejoiced.....
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,11/8/2011,222,330,1,10,4>Ok, perhaps you're looking for a review about one of the shows. Allow me to be of some assistance. Here are a couple of tips I can offer from my experience at the Amateur Burlesque Show on Wednesday night:1. Forget that the Facebook page says it starts at 9pm or that the bartender says it starts at 10pm. It actually starts around 10:30ish and lasts only for about 15 minutes depending on how many girls sign up for the night. We actually didn't pay cover since we arrived so early thinking the show started at 9pm. Apparently, we were the only ones that didn't get the memo. Aside from a few hardcore fans in the front row, we were the first people to show up at Stardust for the evening - everyone else started filing in around 10pm.2. Drinks. are. expensive. I spent over $12 for two mixed drinks. Whoops. Happy Hour ends at 8pm sharp.3. Tipping the dancers is customary. Don't think strip club it's more like tipping a belly dancer or a drag queen.4. It's important to RSVP early and accurately to get a good table (we got a table for 6 right up at the front). I imagine the Peek-A-Boo Burlesque show is much more popular. The winner of the amateur show gets to perform with them.5. If you have a table, you get a server and ours (Natalie) was a delight. Despite some of the surprises (waiting a hell of a long time and spending a lot for drinks) we had a really good time and I would love to see the actual Peek-a-boo show - except this time I'll keep in mind everything I learned from last night.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,11/7/2011,52,143,,16,8>I've purchased two computers, speakers and many other things from Refresh. The prices are very reasonable compared to Comp USA or one of the other major stores. They do an excellent job at refurbishing the computers they sell, and also offer great support for future problems and complications you might have with your product. They offer an extensive line of parts, and extra supplies you might need, and they continue to update their merchandise on a weekly basis. The staff is very knowledgeable and very helpful when it comes to selecting a new computer or component for your current system. This is a terrific local place to visit when you are in need of something new, or used. I have been a customer here and will continue shop here for years to come.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,11/6/2011,29,141,4,4,6>Went to see Vampire's Ball and had an enjoyable time.  As billed, this was a modern piece, with camp and contemporary elements as opposed to being boring and staid.  Some of it worked, some less so.  Basically the story (from my eyes and seat) is a take off of Frankenstein, Dracula and Eyes Wide Shut (or any other media piece with an overly long masquerade party).  Without giving things away, the story could have used some more narration.  Things were a little confusing at times and since they used some narration already in very limited spots (and in the program) I don't think that's an unreasonable request.  The female vampire lead was AMAZING...She was creepy, elegant, strong-the epitome of what I was expecting to see.  The male vampire was much less so.  He was more suited to perform Sweet Transvestite than to carry the whole load here.  He was good in spots but uneven overall.  The innocent couple was strong, the mad scientist and his clones were very good but uneven at times.  There was a group of 3 children who had an integral, slightly confusing role who were all stunning.  Their athleticism and excitement literally stole the show.  Overall, Vampire's Ball was a great time.  I was happy to enjoy the performance for what it was but I had a lot of questions coming home in the car.  A stronger company might have ironed out the rough edges, a better theater might have provided better amenities but on the whole the Orlando Ballet is worth the time and effort if you can find fairly priced tickets.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,11/5/2011,238,467,4,7,5>I had an AMAZING lunch here.  Holy moley.  We started with an appetizer of calamari that was cooked perfectly.  Crunchy on the outside, soft and tender on the inside.For an entree I had the mussles in a very flavorful broth.  One downer was that there was chorizo in the broth, it wasn't mentioned on the menu.  I don't eat pork, but was ok with the broth.  The mussles were delicious, very fresh.  Dessert was split 3 ways, a lemon tart with basil gelato.  Basil gelato?  HELL YES!  It was awesome!Portions are dinner sized at lunch, but priced much more economically.  The waiter made a big deal about the water, unfortunately it tasted like it had sat in a plastic bottle for too long to me.  Good thing we ordered wine!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,11/4/2011,47,83,16,14,6>Fellow Yelpers,One must go into this establishment expecting a boutique type version of what Texas De Brazil offers across town.  If Texas De Brazil is a gas guzzling SUV, then Nelore is a compact hybrid vehicle.  Keeping this analogy in mind one can go into this restaurant with a non biased expectation if you have dined at the aforementioned before.The Nelore location beats the Texas De Brazil location by a mile.  This is a plus.  I can have the same type of dining at a closer location to my house than International Drive.  This is a monopoly which they have heretofore held in this niche in honor of sharing the premium quality of Brazilian cattle.Winter Park offers an upscale environment not seen in  the "Touristville, USA " that is Texas De Brazil's location.  After dinner or lunch, one can stroll down Park Avenue for some drinks, lounging, good conversation and even great desserts provided at any of the other fine establishments as well as Peterbrooke's (see my review) amazing chocolates.The interior (see my photo) is rather small, but it feels cozy.  Another one up that this place has over Texas De Brazil in my opinion is that most of the staff is Brazilian.  As a fellow Brazilian, I give this place a full star for such a commitment to its origins as opposed to falling prey to the pressures of multiculturalism to serve a tourist oriented clientele.  This devalues the whole experience.The salad bar (see my photos) is delicious, offering a reasonable amount of Brazilian cold cuts and vegetables as well as some hot dishes (see my photos) such as the "feijoada" (just Google it).The abundance of meat puts all of history's king's feasts up until the early 20th century to shame.  They wish they had a such an amount of food made possible by their clumsy mercantilistic and feudalistic systems with very little divisions of labor.  One full star for true capitalism (not today's cronyism).  Meat for the masses.The cuts are delicious and very tender (see all my meat photos, hah, don't get any ideas).  They are well seasoned and offered at any temperature.  If not, you can simply request it and they will provide it to you.  This is a traditional 'rodizio' where servers dressed in "gaucho" style uniforms serve the meats in large skewers and will slice pieces of it in front of the customers upon request.  The customer is essentially seeing the product before he decides he wants it on his plate.  What could be better than that!?They also serve fresh baskets of "pao de queijo" or cheese bread which is a traditional Brazilian baked good that is sold anywhere in the motherland.  They are however a bit stingy as our basket only came with three small pieces.  Perhaps the portly server decided to snack on a few on the way to our table.  It was perfectly fine though, as these were not the best I've had.  Therefore, I deduct one star from this very crucial and integral part of a true Brazilian churrascaria.I have not tried their caipirinha here, but I would assume that this restaurant as well as Texas De Brazil are the two best bets for authentic caipirinhas without any type of American twist to them.Go here for a delicious meal in a cozier atmosphere than Texas De Brazil.  Additionally, stroll flatulently through Park Avenue to relieve some pressure and to digest the copious amount of red meat stuck in your belly.  This conclusion deserves an ending apropos to a meat coma..."Th-th-th-that's all folks!" (Porky the Pig).Valeu Galera!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,2/23/2011,59,73,6,6,4>I am a little behind on the posting but rest assured that does not mean I have not had a nibble here and there. Here is a dessert that actually found me on a chilly Friday evening.After a horrible movie at the Orlando film festival (a walk-out was in order), wine was the only medicine. Well, company with a group of newfound friends was also a nice distraction.  Sitting at a high-top at the Eola Wine Company in Thornton Park, Jenn served me a glass of Layer Cake, and was most helpful with descriptions and suggestions of their wine selections. I later spotted another table with some sort of parfait and it was a little enticing but I held back. After a couple more glasses hit the table and a prod from a tablemate (his name seems to escape me, it's appropriate), I asked our hostess which desert to share among friends. I find out the four dessert offerings are made at home by the owners mother and delivers them to the two Eola Wine shops. I love that mom makes them! The Chocolate trifle was so, so good. We wrapped our spoons around a Kahlua soaked brownie, toffee, and chocolate mousse layered with whipped cream. Mmmm. The toffee crunch reminded me a little of the Carvel cake "crunchies" but better. I found myself in a familiar scenario of taking a few bites, then putting my spoon down with every intentions of being done. Moments later picking that spoon right back up. Who was I kidding? It was a great dessert offered by mom at a local wines shop.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,2/22/2011,67,162,3,4,4>Located at the Citgo gas station on the corner of Colonial Drive and Primrose, just a few blocks east of downtown Orlando, Korean BBQ Taco Box is a big yellow truck that serves up delicious Korean street food.When we stopped by here yesterday I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  The locale, the "Grand Open" sign, and the "guaranteed head lice removal" promotional material didn't inspire confidence.  But this was a true don't-judge-a-book-by-its-cover story that was good to the last bite.I ordered the Korean Taco Box.  For just $5.99 including tax, we got a small salad with ginger dressing, a chicken wing, two fried pot stickers, two pieces of their tempura cream cheese roll, two rice covered meat balls, and then the taco itself.  I was first impressed with the amount of food.  I thought we'd just be getting a taco, but indeed it was a full meal.And it was a great tasting meal too.  While the amount of side items was slightly more surprising than their flavors, the taco itself was scrumptious.  Filled with teriyaki seasoned beef and juicy to the last nibble, the taco made me want to go back for seconds, thirds, and fourths.For such a small venue they seemed to have quite a large menu.  I'll definitely be stopping by when I can to try all they offer.So, give yourself a present this week and head out to Colonial Drive.  Look for the big yellow truck and the "Grand Open" sign.  Be sure to bring cash too.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,2/21/2011,320,258,,5,4>Artistree Co-op is a true breath of fresh air. Attached to the delicious Infusion Tea, this cute shop is full of unique gifts for others (or yourself =) ). From jewelry, to wall decor, to even baby stuff, this place has what you're looking for. I stopped in here to get some Christmas gifts for friends & family and was overwhelmed with the selection. All of the items are from local artists here in Orlando and are quite frankly, beautiful. Certain items can be a bit on the pricey side, but definitely not all.Looking forward to going back!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,2/20/2011,74,56,14,19,19>A sandwich that hardly anyone knows about in this town has fast become one of my absolute favorite, the Dominican Chimichurri (not to be confused with the Argentinian sauce).  Just like a drug addict who goes through withdrawal and craving attacks, I can't fight my enslavement.  Every couple of weeks, the Chimi beckons me with scrumptious temptation.  It causes my brain to rewire itself  and think none else but acquiring this lesser known comfort food.Since Davila's Chimichurri food truck is temporarily out of commission to revamp and reopen, I trekked out to South OBT to find another Chimi food truck.  I live downtown and happily drive 20-25 minutes to either East Orlando or S OBT for the Chimi.  It's that worth it.  There is a cluster of about 4-5 Latin fare trucks in a parking lot so I decided to check it out in hopes of finding what I came for.  It's 8pm, we hop out of the car and join the herd of friends, families and night club goers for dinner service.  There's this sense of excitement as we all wait for the trucks to open up.  As we wait, I pace through the lot perusing each truck.  Venezuelan Arepas, not interested.  Colombian Pupusas, maybe next time. Then I come across a truck named Dominican Chimi.  Hallelujah!  Other trucks may have the Chimichurri on their menu, but they're frauds unless it's Dominican.Right as the trucks opened for business, you can see the masses start to form lines.  I was anxiously the 4th person in line to order.  The lady who works the window didn't speak much English, but as long as you know what you want,  motion for "here" or "to go" and pay the right amount, you're golden.  There are other menu items such as Mofongo, Trpleta, Carnitas and Kabobs.  But disregard, it's the Chimi you want.  Trust me.  I waited a bit over 5 minutes to receive my hot and fresh Chimi and it was WELL WORTH the wait.  Epic.  All 5 senses are set into a tailspin.  Shredded cabbage cooked on a flat top soaked with secret sauce, topped with roast pork, diced onion and tomato in between pressed Pan de Agua.  All the ingredients work in harmonious synergy to deliver a crunchy, saucy, tangy, hearty, savory, hot and grilled experience.  It's a shame hardly no one knows about the Chimi, but I sort of like it that way.  I feel like I'm part of a sandwich cult.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2011,2/19/2011,1381,1517,4,10,6>A bit mixed on this one. . .The space, music, food, ambiance. . .AH mazing!!  Great place to lounge and unwind with friends.  The ingredients and quality of the food, I have to say are excellent.  I enjoyed the truffle mac n cheese (the smell alone is intoxicating), as well as a couple of other appetizers that I'm not remembering.I will say to please make sure you clarify about what it is you are ordering.  It seems the manager kept inviting us to "taste" the food, giving us the impression he would provide samples. . .However, when we got the final bill it included a full charge for all of the dishes we tasted.  After explaining to the server, the bill was reduced.  She said this happened to another party recently as well.Otherwise, enjoy the vibe, the food, and the company.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,2/18/2011,188,226,3,9,8>We rescued a cat about 3 years ago and Sammie has become a wonderful part of our family!  I mentioned that I wanted a Siamese cat awhile back and somebody told me that they had seen one at a Pet Smart one afternoon.  I did some inquiry and soon found out that it was Judy and her staff that were at the Pet Smart each Saturday afternoon.  I went on line to their web site and soon found Sammie listed with the rest of the cats and dogs. I went over one afternoon and inquired about Sammie and set up a meeting.  The staff was great and I soon had adopted Sammie after getting the chance to meet him.  It was love at first sight!We are now in the market for a dog since the one we had passed away last year.  We plan to check out her web site and make a trip over there very soon to rescue another wonderful animal!  I highly recommend checking them out and please give a donation if you can.  Every bit helps!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,2/17/2011,30,37,2,5,3>So last month I grew some serious balls and decided to go to this yoga studio by myself. I've taken some hatha and vinyasa classes at the Y and some other studios in Orlando but really wanted to take it to the next level. I had a friend tell me about "hot yoga" and said that she threw up the first class but I was hoping that I would not have that same experience. I am super glad that Orlando Power Yoga was my first hot yoga experience and I am now addicted. They are not judgmental and it almost felt like a church of yoga. Their message is try your best but if your best is falling or child's pose then that is also awesome. Tips:  They have a 40 days for $40 special and they have showers there so you can go before work or right after and not feel and look like death afterwards. I suggest getting some sort of yogitoes towel thing for your mat because I felt crazy with my beach towel the first class because it kept sliding around. Bring water and put ice cubes in your bottle if possible because if not your water will be lukewarm mid class.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/16/2011,334,198,14,11,12>Honestly, how could you NOT be a fan of Fairvilla. I mean it's got some fun for all. Whether your a bit more on the reserved or all-out-kinky this place has got it all.Sure, some of the items can be a bit on the expensive side but I definitely think they have something for everyone's price range.If you're looking for penis necklaces and boob straws - they have it.If you're looking for a smoking hot outfit to tempt your mate - they have it.If you're looking for a "fine feature film" - they have it.If you're looking for a toy for your own personal amusement or to share with company - yeah, they have those too.Single or taken - this place rocks. Go with your mate or grab your friends and just go to amuse yourselves. Definitely worth a trip to the trail.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,2/15/2011,398,313,6,5,4>This place is awesome and should be featured on Man V. Food!They have two challenges for those who dare.  There is a wing challenge where you have to eat 15 wings in 15 minutes for $15.  Sounds easy enough?  Well, before you go leaping into this challenge be warned that they are prepared with the deathly ghost chili.  You have to sign a medical release form before you can burn a hole in your stomach.  The other challenge is for those who are known to have 3 stomaches.  It's a 24 inch loaded chili dog with chili, cheese, jalapenos and served with a tiny side of a pound of fries and a pound of baked beans.  You have to finish in 30 minutes.  If you end up defeating these formidable foes you win a photo on the website and a t-shirt...and a trip to the bathroom...The food is amazing and perfect for a late night hangout after drinking and dancing downtown.  I had the garbage plate which was your choice of either hot dogs, hamburgers, or grilled chicken on top of roasted potatoes and macaroni salad.  They are open 24 hours Thursday through Saturday.  The desserts look fantastic and my girlfriend had a milkshake and I snuck a sip.  It was sweet, rich, and smooth.  Just like how I like my women... ;)The service is awesome too!  You can't get it anywhere else, I'll leave it at that.  Go in and see for yourself!   I'm going in tonight to try the hot dog challenge.  Wish me luck and pray that the bathroom is vacant!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,2/14/2011,114,92,3,6,6>Oh, Jeremiah's how I love thee.An awesome place to grab some dessert, either in the afternoon or even an evening dessert. This place has been around ever since I was in 5th grade, and is still here.  I believe it started in 1996, and since then it seems like business has been booming because they have opened two new locations.I really haven't tried as many flavors as I've really should, since I've been coming here for probably over a decade. The mango gelati is just heavenly, every time I stray away from it, it's just not the same experience. Not saying the other flavors are good, but mango... just wayyy too good. (yes with three y's). Lately I've been having the horchata with a vanilla/chocolate swirl which I would say is second in my book.I'll also usually get a quart of gelati for my family. A great price! I'll bring it home, and there's dessert for a couple of days!This is a place that I always take my out of town friends, so they can experience the euphoria that I've experienced. And they always love it!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,9/12/2012,128,102,9,8,5>If you told me delicious garlic crabs could be had from a gas station in Central Florida, I wouldn't believe you, but that's what's going on at the Crab Stop.  This place is a closet located next to a 7-11 that sells gas.  It's run by a mother-daughter tag team who "have been cooking crabs my whole life."We bought the Poor Jimmy, which was 6 large garlic crabs and 6 shrimp, and it was great.  We had to take the crabs home in a large aluminum pan, because this place has no seating.  You just walk up, order, and walk out.  It takes about 15 mins to cook the crabs, but fortunately for you, there's a conveniently located gas station and 7-11 next door, so you can walk away with gasoline, Twinkies, and crabs.  I love America!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,9/11/2012,156,155,6,5,3>This is a really nice, quiet, and intimate spa.  There is no fair way for me to review Winter Park MedSpa without admitting that I am getting laser hair removal...but I am ethnic, and thems the breaks.Reka is the owner and very knowledgeable about the treatments.  She will share her own experiences with you, if you ask.  This is painful.  Don't be fooled by any advertisements on the radio or TV...it hurts like a mofo.  However, the MedSpa sells a medicated topical cream you can put on 45 minutes prior to treatment that helps a lot.  BE SURE TO BUY IT BEFORE YOUR FIRST VISIT OR YOU WILL HATE YOUR LIFE.Also, they sell exfoliating pads, makeup, lotions, potions and more.  They won't push the product on you, which is rare...but it also means that you might miss out on something that could really help.  Buy their exfoliating scrubby thing...it's about $15 and AMAZEBALLS.  Lasts about a year and worth every cent and more.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,9/10/2012,398,313,5,6,5>Wow!  The ramen here is amazing!  It's nothing like the "college dorm room ramen" we're all accustomed to.  This is REAL RAMEN!  The broth is delicious with a hint of sweetness!  The noodles are freshly made and accompanied by half an egg, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, pork, fish cake and scallions.  It was so huge and satisfying that I could not even finish my bowl.  This is as authentic as it gets for Japanese food in Orlando.   Most of their staff is Japanese and speak it fluently.  Very rare to find in Orlando.  Most of the time you walk into a "Japanese" restaurant and are welcomed by every race except Japanese.  By the way, never been here for dinner but their dinner menu is huge!   It was like reading a short novel about a little gyoza who went missing in the gyu don and tempura forest!  Maybe I should write a book...
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,9/9/2012,22,28,5,5,4>Had a fantastic dinner at K tonight thanks to a deal we stumbled across on Travelzoo and snapped up before it sold out. We also saw a LivingSocial deal not too long ago but forgot to log back on to actually buy it and missed out before it sold out that afternoon. Moral of the story? If you see a deal for K, grab it because it will sell out. Quickly. This place is THAT good.Started off with the deviled eggs (very good) and fried duck liver over collards. The duck liver was out of this world, and the portion was huge. Perfectly crispy, just the right texture and had a little zip to them, too. Highly recommend this appetizer. Hubs had the filet which he ranked as at LEAST as good as Boheme's steaks, served over some type of potato terrine that he said was tasty, too. I can't vouch for either of these statements but I would assume they're accurate because the man has been known to have a more sensitive (delicate?) palate than a twelve year old raised on a diet of chicken fingers and tater tots.I had the duck a l'orange which was duck filet and a duck leg, served over confit potatoes. Oh. my. god. Absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Best meal I've had in months. My only minor, minor request would be for the skin to be crispy. (Agreeing with previous reviewer, wish I had known to ask for this!) The portion was also large. This is the type of perfectly-seasoned comfort food you expect French grannies to be making on Sunday and being pseudo angry at their petits-enfants for not having seconds. Actually, I don't think French people have seconds...but you get the point. What was especially nice was how subtle the flavors were. The orange relish was flavorful without overshadowing the savory of the duck.Service was excellent, efficient and entertaining. Hats off to the waiter in the middle section for his rendition of "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend." Couldn't hardly tell that it wasn't Marilyn singing for everyone. Ambience is cozy, intimate and tasteful without being stuffy. Love that we have such a fantastic spot in ol' College Park.Only complaint? That the elderly diners a table away from us weren't discussing, in grim detail, their friend's demise like a couple of high schoolers trading juicy gossip. (This of course, has nothing to do with K.)
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,9/8/2012,57,65,4,8,4>It was cold and sunny outside (what an ill joke that was). Well, cold by Florida standards, and I had an annoying headache that wouldn't go away. Therefore, I was ready to be greeted with warm and comforting food when I entered Peperoncino. I needed a place to find shelter for the afternoon. It was just one of those days...We started out by ordering cappuccino. It was liquid sunshine for it immediately lifted up my spirits for having to deal with the cold. The only complaint was that BF wanted more! And he, in fact, ordered a second round. The waiter suggested for us to try the Carbonara and Prazo Misto as entrees. It sounded agreeable thus we acceded. The Carbonara was delectable. The star of the plate was the pasta itself. It had pancetta, onions, and cheese that complemented it famously. It was nicely finished off with a poached egg on top. Once one forked the yolk, it married all the flavors together rather well. What I loved about the dish was the lightness of the pasta. It wasn't smothered in heavy and overpowering sauce. One couldn't really see sauce insight, actually. Nevertheless, it did have a certain flavor accompanied with olive oil, garlic, and a certain I-don't-know-what that could only be described as 'yummy'. I've got no idea how this apparent light (Don't get your hopes up; It's not meant in the caloric sense) and simple pasta was packed with so much flavor. I want to replicate it at home!!BF had the Prezo Misto, which I was allowed a conservative bite from. From this one bite, I tasted an array of flavors that came from the artichokes, roasted tomatoes, capers, oh-lovely-mushrooms, and shrimp. The dish was a pleasant surprise for my palate. It had a certain earthy taste that appealed to my senses. I plan on visiting again and ordering this dish for moi. The establishment runs on the small side, but the food is big as far as flavor goes. I would highly recommend the place to people that like simple Italian food with fresh earthy ingredients. The chef's love, commitment, and appreciation for food is evident in the quality of the dishes.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/7/2012,40,50,2,7,6>You'll usually find me there on Sundays, after the matinee, sometimes with a friend or three, debating the latest Enzian foreign film offering.  But mostly solo.I *always* have the same thing: Turkey Burger with smoked gouda, lettuce & tomato on a Kaiser roll, and a side salad ($12 -- see pic).  Yep, it's THAT good!  To drink? Oh, how the specialty drinks entice ($8)!   But a chilled glass of Canyon Road Chardonnay ($6) will do just fine.  Granted, with tax & gratuity, it's a tad expensive.  But whaddya expect?  Films excite.  Fingers twitter.  Hearts quiver.  Snakes slither (really!).  It's Eden. Take a chance.  Go!
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,9/6/2012,164,132,3,4,7>I've seen a variety of reviews about Hawkers on Yelp and other social networks, but all I have to say are good things! Having dined here several times and enjoyed delicious meals each time, I think I'm justified in that opinion.Reasonable prices also make Hawkers an attractive dining experience. I really enjoy the udon, and typically order that every time I eat here. I know, I should switch-it-up at some point, but it's easy to stick with something if you know it's going to be good.The patio outside is a great place to dine IF the Central Florida weather is cooperating (i.e., if it's not raining or too terribly hot). But the dining room is quaint and a nice place as well.Love Hawkers!
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,9/5/2012,131,243,3,7,4>"Lovely decor... let's see if food is as pretty." was what I yelped when I checked in.  Truth is, we were actually on the way to the Vineyard, wondering what's happened to the space that used to be Carolos & Charlie, when lo and behold, the Blue Elephant trumpeted its presence, and a parking space opened up right outside of Amura - a sure sign that we need to try out the new place.  They've really done a job with this space - out went the saloon sense, and in came this gorgeous oriental stylish decor.  Don't bother looking for this at your World Market or Pier 1 - they came all the way from Bangkok, we're told.  Just how gorgeous?  Wait for the pix when I get my hands on my wife's iPad.We were quickly seated on what looked like a quiet Sunday lunch.  The menu was interesting.  The lunch "special" was $8.95, which is a meat (chicken, pork, beef) prepared with various veggies - or veggies only - together with a style or sauce. We're told by our waitress it came with either soup or salad.  The soup was brought quickly.  It was a carrot soup - cream based, but Thai-styled, with lots of salt and sugar to neutralize it.  It was unusual treatment for a cream of carrot soup, and I wouldn't call it bad, but different from your usual cream of carrot soup it was.  Reminded me of tamarind candy.My wife had the Panang curry with pork - flavored with coconut milk.  Pork was quite tender and the sauce was tasty; I'd say maybe I was hoping for an even more fragrant curry aroma.  I ordered the cashew nut sauce with beef, and that, too, tasted very good.  The beef was "tenderized", but not marinated.  Both were presented with a pyramid of rice. As I recall, it didn't say it had celery on the menu in mine, but it did.  I didn't mind at all, but had it been my wife's order, it would have been trouble!  For $9 including the soup, it was pretty good value (and yes, available even on Sundays).  As "regular" lunch portion sizes go though, I thought the dishes were perhaps a touch on the small side, maybe because they tasted good!  I would have liked a bit more rice, a couple more slices of beef, and a few more cashews.  Had we known it was on the small side, we would probably have ordered the satay appetizer, or the mussels, both around $7.  They feature a happy hour on weekdays with some attractive prices, and a different one for Sundays, when Marys and Margaritas are $4.  Never had a Marg with Thai in my life, but it turned out to be pretty good combo.Took a look at the dinner menu as well, and it looked very interesting - lots of fish dishes, a rib-eye, and no less than 2 rack of lamb Thai-style.  You bet we'll be back soon!  In the mean time, maybe 3 to 3.5 stars, but the decor alone and the good service pulls it up to a '4'.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/4/2012,86,62,44,31,25>Do you know the scene in Goonies where Sloth holds the Baby Ruth bar over his head in triumph? That's how I feel when I'm handed my banh mi at Nha Trang. Sure, I may not have worked as hard for it, and I certainly didn't pull chains through a stone wall, but the excitement and glory of what I'm about to eat... That's mine.Before I found Nha Trang, I had at least 4 or 5 places I would go to get a banh mi *fill in the blank*. I stumbled upon this shop while wandering around during my lunch break. I was actually finishing up the last few bites of a banh mi when I saw the sign for Nha Trang and decided to check them out. With the glowing cheerfulness of the woman who greeted me, when she asked what number I wanted, I forgot I had finished lunch no more than 2 minutes prior, and randomly picked something from the English-translated menu.At her request, I sat down to wait 2 minutes. "Pâté?" I was asked, while she held up a utensil with a glob of the stuff. "Yes, please!" I responded back. "Toast?" She asked, while pointing to the large toaster oven conveyor belt. "Yes,  please!" There was a bit more exchange, but I don't think either of us knew what the other was saying. When my sandwich was ready, just as others have said, she requested I take the first bite while still there so I could confirm I liked it. Fannnnn-freakin'-tastic. With a mouth full of yums, I gave her a thumb up and an approving nod. I paid, and again, just as with everybody, she said that she would see me tomorrow.And she did. I don't know if I wanted to try another sandwich that bad or if I felt that when she said she would see me tomorrow that I didn't explain I wouldn't be back that soon. So I show up and order a grilled pork. This time, she didn't need to confirm if I wanted pâté added or my sandwich toasted. I get my sandwich, pay, and again, she says that she would see me tomorrow. Damn it!So the next day, I again make the walk over to Nha Trang. When I walked in, her delightful smile and laugh translated to me as "Yes, you're hooked. I knew you'd be back."Because it was a Friday and I don't live nearly as close by as I work, I opted for 2 sandwiches. Chicken and dac biet. (There should be symbols and lines around the letters, in that but you're going to deal with this version) The plan was to eat one and save the other until Saturday. Derp. I loved the chicken and liked the dac biet. Dac biet consists of a few different cured meats which I can't really remember (ham? Head cheese??) This has always been my least favorite banh mi at any location, and while I liked Nha Trang's version more than others, it's not something I gravitate towards. This time though, when I left and she said that she would see me tomorrow, I felt obliged to explain that it would be the weekend and I wouldn't be back for a few days.So Monday came, and I was back. This time, I went for the meatballs.Let me quickly say something. I. Fucking. Love. Meatballs.The woman goes to her freezer, gets a small container with a few meatballs in a sauce, and shows it to me. With our language barrier, I just have to imagine she said something like "These meatballs will make your face melt off and cause rainbows to drip from your anus." Just like always, I left, and started eating on my walk back to work. Halfway back, I decided to go back to Nha Trang and order another. This time, she taught me how to pronounce "xiu mai", meatball in Vietnamese. Hooray, I'm cultured!With the summer heat, I don't end up there nearly as often as before since I like to walk. 1 or 2 visits per week though keep me going. While it's easy to eat 2 of these sandwiches, I started to feel like a little piggy so now I just order 1 and snack on chips back at the office.Some random additional bits...I order the meatballs so often that as soon as she sees me she exclaims "xiu mai", so if I want to order something else, I need to speak up quickly.Sometime in the last month or two the menu has more than doubled. I'm slowly working my way through those, as it's hard not to order the meatballsThere are other items besides sandwiches, but since my Vietnamese consists of bread and meatball, you're on your own.To solve the "tomorrow" dilema I always started replying back with "no, but I'll see you SOON". I don't know if it's understood, but I like to think now she knows and we're both saying our part, like roles in a play.If you haven't been. Go. If you have been but it's been a while, go back. These are sandwiches meant for the gods, and us puny mortals should feel honored to enjoy them too.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/3/2012,36,119,3,6,4>We walked into this place thinking about having just one drink and leave as we were not too hungry at the time and we just wanted to check it out to come some other time. Yeah, that is not how it went.Four drinks, one basket of bread, two (small) entrees, and one dessert later, we realized we were hooked. First off, they had my heart at Cetriolo; cucumber vodka,  lime, white cranberry juice and basil. Delishhhh. We tried one small serving of the Goat Cheese Gnocchi with a lamb sausage ragu, peas, rosemary and just a few shavings of goat cheese. WOW just WOW. The gnocchi was perfection; perfection! Not the lamb, not the goat cheese, not the rosemary, nothing overpowered that dish. It was the perfect balance of everything. Did you read above? PERFECTION. They don't do this plate full size boooo. Soooo, we ordered another small serving. It is truly outstanding.For dessert we ordered the chocolate torte and the salted caramel gelato. The torte was delicious. The gelato I did not care much. The bread is soooo good. Super soft and they give you olive oil ti dip it in. Mmmmmm.I forgot to say, we sat at the bar and we loved it. The bartenders are super nice. Excellent service. I need to come here to have "just one drink" again, and again, and again.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,2/4/2013,167,286,1,11,4>Lakeridge is pretty awesome for being free! They provide free tours of the factory couple times a day. The first 12 minutes of it is watching a video about the history of the factory itself (which is sort of a bore) but when you're actually on the tour, it's pretty neat seeing everything that you saw on the video.After the tour, they provide a free wine tasting. I love how the tour guide would tell us about the wine and say what kind of foods the wine is great being paired up with.The wine itself isn't too pricey either. The type of grapes that they make the wine from  doesn't allow the wine to age over decades like the usual wine that people are used to. So cheaper wine, but still pretty good. I enjoyed Lakeridge. If you're not doing anything and just staying at home, take a trip over there to enjoy the tour and wine!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/3/2013,78,166,,3,3>A true gem hidden in Winter Park.  The restaurant is family owned and operated, and very authentic.  My husband is 100% Polish, so eating here is like eating with his family - and the food is ultimate comfort food.  The Polish Platter is a great introduction to the cuisine (pierogi, kielbasa, and stuffed cabbage), but my favorite item on the menu is the Cracovia chicken cutlet (it melts in your mouth!)  The side dishes are wonderful too - my favorites include the potato pancakes, finger dumplings, and the apple sauce.  Seriously, I have dreams about their apple sauce.  Go to Anna's Polish - now!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,2/2/2013,49,139,,7,4>So I have to admit that I had heard the rumors swirling around Tako Cheena for a few weeks before we finally stopped in and tried it. All I knew walking in the door was that it was an Asian fusion taco restaurant. However, when we walked in I was pleasantly surprised to see the wide variety of combinations of food that were on the menu. Yes, it would be accurate to describe Tako Cheena as 'Asian fusion,' but I honestly think that with the flavor and spice combinations of Japan, Mexico, China, India, and Korea, it almost tastes more like an 'International fusion' to me. After looking through the menu for longer than necessary (the menu is only one page long), we both decided to get the 3 tako special. The best part about this special is that you can actually mix and match the different tacos, meaning you can order one of each tako and try three out at once. I decided to get the 2 I thought sounded best--the korean beef and the asian pork. My bf ended up getting the 2 I chose, plus the thai chicken tako. Our overall favorites were the korean beef and the thai chicken. We even decided to go all out and order the churros for desert, which were delicious--they were hot, fresh, crispy, and went perfect with the chocolate, condensed milk, and butterscotch dipping sauces. We also went with the cucumber-infused tap water to drink, which I have to admit is a unique twist that in a way doesn't make you feel as cheap for just ordering tap water. However, part of me was definitely tempted to get a Mexican coke made with real sugar. Honestly, I am excited to go back just so that I can try the other delicious food available, including burritos, empanadas, and asian fusion hot dogs. As far as location goes, Tako Cheena is located in the infamous Mills 50 district. Basically this means the eating space is small and has parallel parking as the only option, but if you want delicious food and flavor at a reasonable price during either lunch or for a late-night after drinking snack, almost any minor inconvenience is worth it.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,2/1/2013,446,44,4,6,4>I was searching for some good pizza and I think I might have found the place. When you first walk in you say to yourself "Self... umm this isn't a pizza place." Sure enough it is... with an ethnic flair.The pizza is really good and they have specials on Wed/Thurs 2lg 1 toppings for $15, which I found on their menu when I walked up to the register to order. I would love to come back to try something different on the menu. Hope to do soon. My friend at the time said "They must be doing well to be next to a Pizza Hut." When I explained... Pizza Hut isn't even close to their pizza.ProsSpeedy takeout for dinner timeDeliveryThey offer canned sodas (I am a coke/pepsi obsessed. so cans get a high five from me ;)Food was good and hot. This northeasterner was pleased.ConsSort of a small space and most people I see called in for takeout but grabbed a seat if they could.You walk into the place and think you chose the wrong door.TipCheck their menu out before going... Nice blend of Spanish food with Italian American.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,1/31/2013,47,83,2,4,6>Fellow Yelpers,Let me preface my review with the following statement:"I found myself at a loss for words to describe the convention of flavors going on in my mouth at the same time not due to a mouthful of the highest quality food, but because of my state of trance due to the S&M taste orgy party I endured." - Dr. Troy (David Klein)Magical dining month is / was upon us in Orlando.  Its wizardry allowed me to wave my financial wand at several fine dining locations that would otherwise put a larger hole in my wallet.  My wand settled above this restaurant which has a very high reputation amongst all fine diners in the area.  Given the aforementioned promotion, I could not pass this opportunity up.  Leaving my house with both holsters holding fully loaded AMEX and VISA credit cards, safeties off, I journeyed to the area locally known as "restaurant row."The magical dining month promotion is available at many restaurants and it consists of a prix fixe (preeh-fics) menu of three courses consisting of an appetizer, an entrée, and a dessert.  On arrival at this revered spot, I was greeted with very loud music of the rat pack kind.  An older gentleman with the finest of fedoras sang cover songs from old blue eyes, Frank Sinatra.  He did a fine job, but in my own opinion, I felt as if I was entering a Las Vegas show room than I was a restaurant at first.  The bar is a great spot to hang out (see my photo).  There are lounging areas available for those that do not want to be at the bar itself.  The crowd is very ritzy and a good portion of them may be card carrying members of AARP.  Since I was mainly interested in the food, I disregarded the quasi-geriatric dancing skills of some and proceeded to follow the very well dressed hostess to the main dining room (see my photos) where I was seated.I was presented with a copy of the prix fixe menu, the wine list (extensive doesn't begin to describe this bible), and the regular menu.  Don, our main waiter, who thankfully did not carry the last name Corleone, was very attentive and descriptive of the food options available to us.  After some time looking over the wondrous items on the menu, we were ready to place our orders.We placed an order for two glasses of wine, a sauvignon blanc and a merlot, and we were off to the races.  They began by bringing a basket of fresh bread, which to this paleo-primal diet oriented guy means pretty much nothing, contained regular butter on one end and another spread which they called a "dirty martini" on the other.  If my memory serves me right, well, hopefully better than the crowd dancing in the anteroom here, it was a mix of cream cheese, butter, onions, and some other ingredients.  It was a very unique and a cool spin on an otherwise bland part of every dinner.I ordered one appetizer from the regular menu and the rest was all from the prix fixe menu.  The appetizer in my opinion was the best part of the entire meal.  I had the seared foie gras with pan roasted pear, French toast, and honey comb.  The foie gras was stra"taste"tically placed above the French toast.  The presentation was beautiful (see my photo).  I cannot recommend it enough.  Everything here tasted fresh and combining all of it together made it even better.  It was like a New Year's Eve fireworks show in Copacabana inside my mouth.  Except the fireworks were taste explosions.From the prix fixe three course choice of appetizers I ordered the escargot (see my photo).  Again, these little fellas were super tender and not chewy enough to the point of seeming like they were made in a Wrigley's factory.  To put it simply, they were just at the right texture.For the main dish, I ordered the pan roasted all natural chicken breast that came with smoked bleu cheese mashed potatoes, wild mushroom sautée, and natural jus (see my photo).  The chicken had a very thin layer of skin that was almost crunchy, but not entirely.  This was a very delicious entrée.  My company had the wild caught salmon with roasted apples, sun chokes, beet puree, and pistachio-orange mignonette.  I tasted a bit of this one as well and needless to say, it did not disappoint.To close out the dinner, for dessert we had the crème brûlée and key lime pie respectively.  The crème was marvelous, with a very thin glass-like shell of burnt sugar above it with a sliced strawberry and an edible flower garnish.  The key lime pie was also very good, but I'm not big into desserts that are sort of tart and sour, so I'm not a good judge for this since I'm clearly biased.  Overall, a fantastic restaurant, a great ambiance which can be rather loud at times depending on which stanza of which Frank Sinatra song the old fedora man might be covering.  This place is highly recommended by me, if that means anything to you.  I'm aware of my pseudo food critic status, but I still type these reviews with my nose up looking down at the keyboard.  Like a lord.Au revoir!
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/30/2013,166,217,,11,9>This past weekend we caught the show DRIP over on I-Drive. After DRIP contacted me to see if I would be interested in seeing the show, I checked out their webpage and it looked pretty fun! I would describe DRIP as an intense artsy/dance show that is crazy messy- so don't wear anything too nice! The location is on I-Drive (which I am not a fan of), but is fairly close to the intersection of Sand Lake Road. The location is behind the Denny's & Senor Frogs. We were able to find a free parking spot no problem. The doors open at 7:30 and the 45 minute show started a littler after 8. Oh, and you have to be 21+ and sign a waiver that you are ok with it getting a little crazy, so adults only! Tickets are between $25-$30, which is about right for something on I-Drive.The bar was stocked with beer and wine for pretty decent prices. They also have colored beer, if that's your thing, but I didn't really care for it. The drink selections are all listed on the wall behind the bar. I went with a Stella & the bf had a glass of wine (you think it would be opposite, right?!)Once the show started, everyone was guided into a large warehouse type room, standing room only. Basically, the place was full of people lined up on 3 walls to watch the show. The band was on a stage and the music was pretty intense and heavy, but not too loud that you couldn't talk to the person next to you. ***Update: Everyone seems to have had a much louder experience then me. I was probably the furthest away from the stage and perhaps b/c I went on opening weekend, they were still working out some kinks with the sound. It was definitely not deafening and my ears weren't ringing. Based on other reviews, the music is now cranked up to an 11.The show involved lots of intense dancing, swinging from ropes, dancing on stage, etc. Oh- and there is some strobe light action!On the floor, in the middle was sand- a ton of sand. The ceiling had sprinklers, paint cans, and jeans (?!) that we discovered held even more sand. Because of the set-up, everyone in the audience was only a handful of feet away from the performers. As the show went on, it got messier and messier. All the performers were covered in a ton of colored paint & water. People in the crowd definitely got wet (I hid shrieking behind the bf) or had sand, water or champagne tossed on them. Also, be careful if you lean against any walls ;) Once the show was over, the crowd could venture back over to the bar area, grab a seat and meet and greet with the performers! This is definitely one of the more unique shows I have ever been to, especially in Orlando. It has the same elements as Blue Man Group and a little bit of Cirque de Soleil, but this has a much more indy type vibe.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,1/29/2013,148,339,10,14,8>Me: So, I think I might be coming down with a cold.Infusion Tea Person (ITP): Oh, we have a tea called Cold Comfort that would be perfect.Me: Wait, it's seriously called "Cold Comfort"?ITP: Yep! Smells and tastes kind of funky but it'd make you feel better!It really did.At another time,Me: So, my stomach's feeling rather unsettled. Any suggestions?ITP: Yes, we have a tea called Happy Tummy.Me: No way! It's really called that?!ITP: Yep! It's great!It really was great.I don't think I need to go to the doctor anymore. Kidding.But this place is seriously amazing. For tea.They still haven't quite won me over yet in terms of food, but their tea selection is amazing. For the most part, service has also been great (if only I could remember their names) and the place have been clean.Infusion Tea is definitely my favorite place to get some delicious tea. Especially when I'm actually feeling well.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/28/2013,83,182,,9,5>Très Bonne!!!! I visited France last year and the part I miss the most is the wonderful pastries for breakfast! Miss no more! Benjamin's French Bakery in Thornton Park brings a French pâtisserie to Orlando! Don't expect eggs and bacon for breakfast here. The french le petite dejeuner (breakfast) consists of a sweet (croissant or other pastry) and coffee or tea. Embrace a little bit of a french bakery and try a croissant, chocolate twist or chocolate pastry for breakfast. Delicious and the chocolate is amazing!  I have not tried the lunch or dinner menu yet, but the quiche, salads and classic french sandwiches look delicious. The owners are from the Southern part of France and are very nice and will answer any questions you have! Enter the bakery with a "Bonjour!!!!!!" and enjoy the finest French pastries!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/27/2013,122,205,4,5,5>This place is a little off the beaten path along the train tracks on Church St.  Could be easily missed, but a great find!  It's very historic and beautiful inside.  It's adorned with old lighting fixtures, brick walls, copper bar top, and brass on the railings and doors.  You feel as though you've stepped back in time.  The manager, Kevin, was very helpful when selecting a beer.  You tell him what you like, and he'll pour you something great!  They have a fairly large craft beer selection as well as a full bar.  They also serve food, which means there is no smoking in this bar which is a huge plus in my book.  I have not looked at the menu or have had any of the food, but I believe it is just pizzas.I went on a Sunday night, so it was fairly dead inside and they did not have the downstairs portion of the bar open, but I have seen pictures and it looks awesome!  I will definitely be returning here and can't wait to see the underground for myself.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,1/26/2013,60,246,2,8,1>Really wanted doughnuts late on a Friday night, and saw reviews for Bakery plus on yelp.  I knew a mom and pop like this wouldn't be open at 1 AM, so we put it off for Saturday morning.Saturday comes around, and I drag the hubs out of bed on a quest for my unfulfilled doughnut desire.  We arrived at around 11:30 AM, and find some slim pickins in the doughnut case.  We both ordered breakfast sandwiches Bacon-egg-cheese & Ham-egg-cheese on an everything bagel (both were 2.49$), a box of 6 doughnuts, and an apple juice to go.  Our total came out to a whopping $11.43.  Not too bad for Saturday morning breakfast.As for the food..."ERMERGERD."  Is the only way to describe it.  The bagels were unlike a NY style bagel which are chewy and are boiled before they are baked.  These guys had the consistency of soft doughy dinner rolls.  And the fillings were cooked to order in the back...freshly fried egg (well done/over easy), grilled ham slices, and melty American Cheese...yum.And as for the doughnuts....they were just as amazing.  I tried a blueberry cake doughnut which was amazing and literally tasted like a moist pound cake dotted with blueberries and dipped in an awesome glaze.  I also tried the Bavarian cream filled doughnut which tasted like a sweet soft bread filled with pastry cream and topped with tons of powdered sugar...yum!  And finally the peanut cake doughnut.  This was the plainest of the doughnuts I tried...still really good, but this is the sort of doughnut you dunk in some coffee or hot chocolate.  It was a plain cake doughnut, with some chocolate frosting on the top, and some crushed peanuts sprinkled on top.  Overall, I really love this place, and can't imagine eating Dunkin Donuts again after this life altering experience.  The only downside is that they open at 6 AM on weekdays, and at 6:30 on Saturdays, and I have a feeling if you're not there at that time you're missing out on the other flavors of doughnuts/bagels, and the croissants I didn't get to try on my visit because they had already sold out!PS. This is a cash-only business.Business hours are: M-F 6 AM - 6 PM & Sat: 6:30-4:00 PM, CLosed on Sundays.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,1/3/2011,359,208,10,11,9>Soooo I came up to Drunken Monkey to try to get some work done on this lovely (ha! cold and overcast) Sunday because the couch and tv at home were too much of a distraction...FREE WIFI!!! +1Super cute and comfy environment! +1Yummy coffee, and I totally wanna try a smoothie.. and dude just brought out some food that looks really yummy! +1Lots of peeps on their comps/reading/doing work! +1Ample parking +1Lots of peeps on their comps doing work = no plugs for me! :( -1Board games! +1Kinda loud with so many peeps talking (hence my headphones) -1I will def be back to this place, just kinda wish they weren't so busy since I'm trying to get work done... haha!(EDIT: Ok, so the place kinda cleared out after lunch-time... sweeeeet!)
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,1/2/2011,469,289,12,15,15>Pho 88, with it's distinctive graffiti wall and open space seating is just the sort of place that makes you want to kidnap a tourist.I've had dreams about this. You just grab a few tourist from the Disney area, or the I-drive area, head over to Pho 88 and force them to eat their delicious Pho. Slurping down delicate delicious broth, noodles, and beef while jamming some real Orlando Culture down their throats.They won't only be thanking you in the end, they will want to pay you to kidnap them again on their next visit. Of course the idea of this would not be Utopian because a bunch of tourist packed in like sardines would do nothing good for the ambiance.To Say Pho 88 is a gem is a bit of an understatement to say that they have a large menu is also a bit of an understatement. The menu is huge and for new comers who have very little experience with Vietnamese food it can be a bit daunting.I've been here a few times now but have held back on the review until I had tried their Pho.I sat down and was handed a menu, even though I had came with the intention on getting the Pho my eyeballs were speaking for my stomach and wanted to order everything on the menu. It was quite hard to limit myself to a few items.We ordered the spring rolls with pork and shrimp, and the fried egg rolls with pork and carrots as our appetizers. The peanut sauce that accompanied the spring rolls was a wonderful consistency and had great flavor. The friend eggs rolls were equally good.Today I had the Thai tea which was not a surprise but was wonderful and rich. I've also had their Red Bean Shake which is a real treat and for $2.25 it's makes a nice dessert treat.Every time I come here I can't resist ordering a Banh Mi because the cost is 2.50-3.50 and it's delicious and I always have half left for a nice little snack later. My favorite one so far is the BBQ Pork Banh mi, it's tangy and spicy with pickled carrots, daikon and cilantro. On my previous visit I had the Cm Gà, Bò, hoc Tôm Xào Cay , I chose the chicken as the meat and it's stir-fried with onion and jalapeno pepper in a sauce. It was delightful and spicy. I was expecting the run of the mill chicken and rice dish but this was elevated to another level  with the sauce.So i finally sat down with the menu today and ordered the Pho regular size, which is actually very large, and the large is extra large. You are given a plate of  Thai Basil, Lime, Bean Sprouts and Peppers that you add into your Pho bowl.I ordered the number 30 Ph Tái, Nm, Gu which consist of Rice Noodles and broth with eye round steak, well-done flank, and fat brisket. I could drown in the broth and die happy. It's so balanced and delicate.It's like going to one of those clear blue beaches and being able to see the bottom and identify the fish in the water. I could taste all of the ingredients as they swam and danced with each other. The Thai basil, the lime, the noodles, the beef, the scallion, the beefy broth with coriander and the peppers added a nice spice that was not overpowering or underwhelming. It was enlightening experience that will keep me coming back for more.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,1/1/2011,91,100,3,8,7>Located in Hunter's Creek, we stumbled across this Venezuelan bakery after eating dinner in the same shopping center. The bakery has a decidedly European flair mixed with Spanish cuisine. The bakery has three cases full of goodies! Cakes, pies, pastries, cookies, empandas, sandwiches, breads, and coffee. They also make custom cakes and pies and party platters. Everything is baked from scratch and it tastes nice and fresh. Our group had elephant ears, guava pastries, caramel napoleon, cannoli, and petit fours - all of which were tasty! I had a cafe con leche and it was one of the best I have had in Central Florida! The woman who helped us was friendly and helped us with our selections. The large pastries ran about $3 and the guava pastries were about $2.75. My cafe con leche was only $1.15.The bakery is also dog friendly; two paws up!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2010,12/31/2010,100,218,2,10,6>My father's family is from Lebanon. He was born in the USA close to a century ago and was the first in his family who did not marry someone from Lebanon. His widowed mother and grandmother did not mind that he was marrying an English woman, but they insisted that Mom learn how to cook Middle Eastern food--and especially Lebanese food--before the wedding day. Suffice it to say that I grew up eating a fair amount of Lebanese fair, especially raw kibbeh but also a lot of other things. The things that Mom did not make, I discovered in my youth at the Middle East in Cambridge, MA. I think I know this cuisine. I have visited Cedar's on several occasions since they opened and I have enjoyed each visit. The service is attentive, the ambiance is warm and Mediterranean and the food is good. Good, tasty and enjoyable--but not great. On my most recent visit, I took an old friend to lunch. When we arrived, we were quickly seated, as the restaurant had just opened. The waiter was attentive and made sure that our basket of pitas (Lebanese Bread as I grew up calling it) was always full. He was very service oriented and did not try to engage in conversation. I appreciated that because I had not seen my friend in close to a decade and we had a lot of catching up to do. Both my friend and I are vegetarians so we both ordered the vegetarian platter. Baba ganoush, tabbouleh, hummus, and falafel were featured and each had its own appeal. The baba was clearly the stand out selection. Smoky and perfectly blended to a wonderful consistency, it alone was a five star selection. The tabbouleh was a traditional tabbouleh that emphasized parsley. It was good but I prefer a tabbouleh that emphasizes bulghar wheat as the main ingredient. Cedar's version was good but too light for my particular taste. Like the tabbouleh, the hummus was well prepared but I found it a bit lacking in flavor. More tahini would have gone a long way to enhance the flavor. The falafel was the weakest part of the platter. There was nothing horrible about it but there was nothing remarkable either. Admittedly, I carry a personal bias when it comes to Lebanese food so I may have been unduly critical of Cedar's. Please don't get the wrong impression. Cedar's is a good restaurant and one that I will visit again. It may not be the Middle Eastern food that Mom still makes, but it is still a fun place to enjoy a good meal.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,12/30/2010,31,105,,12,5>I wanted to get my nose pierced for a while. I'm not a big tattoo or piercing person so I did a lot of research before choosing a place. I read great reviews on Miss Heidi's so I decide to go one random day after work. I could not have been happier. The place is REALLY clean.  Everyone there is SUPER nice, including Madame Karen (the piercer). She explained everything to me and answered any questions. Her prices are really good too. I only waited 15 minutes (while she sterilized the stud). I've had my piercing for 4 months now and didn't have any problems or infections. I totally recommend Madame Karen to anyone looking to get pierced.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,12/29/2010,334,174,,4,2>I'll admit, I'm a fan of being able to booze while viewing the latest flicks and this place allows me to do just that!  It is being renovated so don't judge the appearance when you first walk in.  The menu pros:- decent selection of snacks/meals- serves beer (by the pint and pitcher)- serves wine (by the glass, 1/2 carafe or full carafe)- available throughout the movie- chicken strips are damn good The menu cons:- pretty expensive - bar food (nothing is healthy here)The staff are very attentive and charismatic.  It's obvious they enjoy working here.  I like that the theater seating consists of  tables and comfy chairs rather than stadium style.  This is definitely my "go to" theater for mainstream movies and tickets are cheaper than the other theaters :)
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,12/28/2010,204,152,2,5,4>I love Ethos. I tried it for the first time about a year ago and was recently back there. My favorite wrap is the "A Fungus Among Us," which has grilled portabella mushrooms and roasted red peppers. So delicious, if you are vegan or not! I am not vegan, but I love several of the vegetarian and vegan restuarants around town. The "Hippie Wrap" is my second fav which has homemade hummus, sprouts, cucumbers, banana peppers, tomato, and lettuce. I started making them on my own after I tried one at Ethos the first-time I went. I also love the fact that Ethos offers gluten-free options, as I try to be mostly gluten-free and many people out there have gluten intolerances. I can get my wraps with a gluten-free brown rice tortilla. They have great sides as well such as homemade salsa with blue corn chips and fresh sauted veggies. Ethos also has specials each night, Wednesday being Mexican night with tacos as the special. I also heard they have a great Sunday brunch which I hope to try soon. Overall, great restaurant in a chill and casual setting.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,12/27/2010,135,143,3,4,4>Always enjoy my experience with this place! I asked for the Eggs Benedict and instead of potatoes I asked for a side salad. I was blown away I got a decent sized, special made side salad. It's the little things that make this place great!
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,12/26/2010,192,58,3,7,6>Driving up to this place you'll honestly be tempted to turn around. You've gotta pass through some very sketchy parts of Orange Blossom Trail and into some industrial backroads, not exactly where you'd expect this place to be. Once you get to OWC, as it's referred to by most of the locals and avid watersports attendies, you'll be amazed that you didn't know it existed in the first place. The complex consists of a lake with cable system running through. This cable systems spins in a counter clockwise direction (good if you ride right foot forward) and pulls about 5-7 wakeboarders/skiiers/knee boarders at a time on each side. If you want to try a watersport or are just starting out, the right side of the cable park is the way to go. It runs slower and is mostly open water to practice staying up, ollies, 180s and anything else you may need to practice on surface water. The operators are more than happy to help you get strapped in and learn how to get up and start having some fun. I wakeboard regularly and face planted the first 4 times trying to get up so don't  be afraid to ask, once you get it, you got it always! Most people buy an hour to start which is plenty of time.. normally at around 40 minutes our group quits cause our arms are jello and heads to grab a beer.If you're a more experienced rider, the left fast cable is where you wanna be. Be advised, if you're not ready for this side, don't do it...it may look slow but it will snap you on the corners when you're not paying attention. This side has tons of trick ramps and sliders on it though so if you're a great rider, have some fun. I love just sitting on the shore with some friends and watching people do amazing tricks and/or massive falls!The back section of the lake is for boat lessons and competitions. Most of the big wakeboarding competitions are held here including Gravel Tour and the World Championships.There's also a Performance ski shop here in case you want to buy any gear, but I would really recommend going to their main store on OBT instead. They've even got 1/2 off specials on some nights, so break out your swimmies and learn how to board!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,12/25/2010,192,199,1,8,5>Papa Larry's has only been open for a couple months, but they have definitely made a splash in our neighborhood. They have fresh fish, local produce, and homemade goodies. They also offer a 10% discount for Buy Local cardholders. We've visited a few times and we are always happy with the selection and service. Last night my husband picked up a whole fresh snapper for dinner from Papa Larry's. He was taken to the back while the fish was descaled and told exactly how to filet it, cook it, etc. Needless to say, the customer service here is phenomenal, and the fish is fabulous.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/18/2014,34,70,3,8,4>Wow...what a little hidden gem in the underground of Orlando! I cant count the number of times I passed this place thinking it was too sketch to try...boy was I mistaken! I have now been on several occassions, some I remember more than others! I love the decor and feel of this place, retro is most definitely the word that comes to mind first. Dim but appropriate lighting, good music, cool seating, stellar staff, a hidden pocket area that holds a pool table, good drinks and apparently pretty legit burlesque shows!Usually have decent drink specials, but I usually keep it classy with the ole PBR, which might I add is a cool $2.50 for a tall boy. For me this place immediately brought memories of a trip to Boston in which my best memory was walking down a side alley and spotting an underground bar, which turned out to be one of the best highlights of that visit. Stardust allows me to recreate that experience anytime I reminisce..of course with out the loud Irish music and pickle back shots for all.Super fun place that is a treat for all senses...a must visit for someone seeking a little something different in the Orlando bar scene!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/17/2014,223,368,12,20,15>I LOVE finding little gems like this.  My Family's Chicken is a tiny little place located just off Michigan.  It's family owned - the mom cooks, the kids are the servers.  They serve the most delicious rotisserie chicken I've ever had.  It's slow-cooked all day long and seasoned with incredibly tasty spices.  Both times I've gone, I've ordered the quarter chicken meal with rice and beans.  Do yourself a favor and get the rice and beans.  They are red beans, slow cooked with spices and BACON.  They are hands-down the best beans I've ever had.They serve their chicken with three sauces - a chimichurri sauce, parsley with olive oil and spices, and a mayonnaise based yellow sauce.  All three are heavenly.The service is AMAZING - they are attentive and kind.  I love this place!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,3/16/2014,69,489,,5,5>Finally made it to Black Bean Deli and my expectations were met and exceeded. I arrived at around noon and there was a line out the door. I decided to go with the Cuban Sandwich and it was delicious. The melted cheese really caught my taste buds attention along with the pork and ham. I have to admit that this sandwich rises to the top along with the Cubans I get in Miami. For dessert, I went with the Guava Flan and all I can say is WOW! I ended up going back after work to pick up a few more flans to take home. The prices are reasonable and service seemed to flow well despite it being packed.The only negative with BBD is the parking or lack there of. Their lot is very small and parking on Colonial can be problematic due to the constant gridlock traffic. Aside from that, I will be coming back for sure.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,3/15/2014,71,131,,5,5>I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to Junior's!  Very casual and clean atmosphere.  You order at the front counter and take a seat with a buzzer to alert you to go pick up your food at the counter when it is ready.  I ordered a cigar city maduro bottled beer and it was only $3!  For my meal I ordered a single cheeseburger and an order of fries.  The food did not take very long and was pretty tasty.  I was really full after eating my burger and I split the fries with my husband.I sat at the bar facing the tvs and watched the basketball game that was on.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was topped with lots of sauces and chips!  The fries were nicely seasoned and crispy.  They use sysco burger patties I believe so the burger is not gourmet by any means but it is very satisfying and the toppings are delicious.  The hours listed on yelp are incorrect!  They are open very late!  Check this place out if you are on a budget and have the munchies!  I can't wait to go back and try the hot dog and the empanadas!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/14/2014,251,140,,6,2>If it weren't for our waiter, I would have given this place 4 stars. They have freshly churned butter and warm bread come out. We didn't get any appetizers, went right for the food. We got meatloaf, chicken pot pie, rotisserie chicken and macaroni and cheese. They originally told us that the chicken pot pie was spicy and had cayenne. So I didn't want to get it, I went for the rotisserie chicken because it was safer. When the food came out I tried someone else's chicken pot pie, and it wasn't spicy at all. When our waiter, Matt, came back around to ask how it was going, I told him the chicken pot pie wasn't spicy at all and I was bummed that I didn't get it. A few minutes later, Matt brought me a chicken pot pie on the house. HOW SWEET IS THAT!!!!??? Everything was good, the chicken I had was juicy and tender. The meatloaf was very tasty, and the Mac and cheese was so bacon-y. Although, the Mac and cheese was actually spicier than the chicken pot pie. The reason I will be coming back isn't for the pricy food, it's for the amazing customer service. Being in the hospitality industry, I know how hard customer service is, and I appreciate every good server more than ever before. Matt was a perfect waiter and absolutely went above and beyond. That guy deserves a promotion, hospitality needs more people like him running the show.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/13/2014,123,198,2,11,10>Loving The Thirsty Topher! I came here with a group of ladies who enjoy getting together once a month and drinking and trying craft beer. We have been to several different places, and I think The Thirsty Topher has been the most accommodating. They even basically let us rearrange their furniture to accommodate our large group. Ron our bartender/server was very knowledgeable and friendly. He took time to explain the different styles of beers offered and to answer any questions anyone had. I love the atmosphere inside. The table tops and built in benches are gorgeous. The lighting is dim and welcoming. There is a nice outside patio with heaters too. There is a fantastic selection of both beer and wine. Almost everyone should find something to drink. I also felt the prices were very reasonable.Make sure you pick something up to eat before you come in. They currently aren't serving food. I did hear they have a cheese plate though. When we were there they did Sushi & Seoul On the Roll food truck there. I think they are there every Thursday. The Thirsty Topher is a great addition to the Orland craft beer scene. I can't wait to visit again.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/12/2014,171,134,5,10,7>How would you like a mimosa roughly the size of your head, for ten bucks, and some amazing chicken and waffles? You will find these items during brunch at Maxine's, as well as a wonderfully fun, artsy, boudoir-style surroundings and friendly staff. For dinner, I have enjoyed a creamy and delicious lobster ravioli on their charming porch, which is surrounded by trees adorned with twinkling fairy lights, allowing a view of the quiet neighborhood street. Tip: try the bloody Mary, either spicy or festooned with bacon and a garden of vegetables as a garnish. Really cool neighborhood spot that I will continue to visit.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,3/11/2014,106,267,4,8,3>This afternoon was a new discovery sort of day. Downtown Kissimmee has so many wonderful places. Last Thursday One Sweet Sista has opened their doors. And today was the day I would discover it. Christi was the young lady who welcomed me to the store as soon as I walked in. The place looked and smelled great. The bright pink on the awning is a great touch. It got my attention in a second. The inside is very pretty. Everything was super clean. They are going to be serving a full breakfast menu starting Monday. I cannot wait.Plenty of space to come in and have a great tasting cupcake with a cup of coffee and sit by the window and enjoy the view of Historic Downtown Kissimmee. Cupcakes galore and more treats. Don't be fooled. This is just a soft opening and they will be kicking it into gear by Monday. Plenty of treats yet to come.Banana Bread Pudding. I was recommended to try this one. I had to take a picture of it. It was fantastic. It has been a long time since I have had a good banana bread pudding.They have cupcakes with no filling and cupcakes with Bavarian Cream filling. Those were the ones I purchased today. I loved the cream filled ones. They were perfectly made. Nice and moist. The icing was just right. Not too sweet. Perfect amount of filling. Red Velvet, Vanilla Confetti, Chocolate Confetti, and Pumpkin. I will be going back to One Sweet Sista very soon. The experience was amazing. Banana Bread Pudding.  Operating hours will be 6am to 6pm for now and trying to get a feel of the clientele. They will then take it from there and change opening hours depending on the turn out. Peanut butter, Cinnamon, and Chocolate Chip cookies.  When I was about to leave I asked what else I should order. I was suggested to try the cookies as well.It all tasted so good. It's always hard to find the perfect cupcake. This one is a must when in downtown Kissimmee.Stop on by and visit One Sweet Sista when you are in downtown Kissimmee. You won't be disappointed. The staff is awesome and I am looking forward to their breakfast menu coming this Monday.  Christi, thanks for being so awesome today. I will be back and bringing my family with me next time.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,3/10/2014,304,661,1,10,7>Located off Fairbanks Ave, tucked into the small strip center next to the 7-11 at the corner of Park Ave & Fairbanks in Winter Park.This is the second B Cupcakes location in the Orlando area, with the first being in Apopka. Cute shop, big cupcakes. (A jumbo size) $3 per cupcake. The shop has a sleek & contemporary feel, with several tables to sit and enjoy your treat. Besides cupcakes, B's has a milk bar stocked with regular (cow) soy & almond milks, choose your flavored syrup and it gets mixed together for a perfectly blended flavored milk.Offering many cupcake flavors, I tried our usual suspects to get a good feel for the style of B Cupcakes. The Red Velvet and Peanut Butter Cup were both delicious. Moist, good flavor and nice frosting to cupcake ratio. These cupcakes have nicely balanced flavors and aren't too sugary. Staff was very friendly and made great suggestions. We'll be back!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/9/2014,143,128,3,9,6>What an awesome quaint and modern spot. Can those two adjectives really go together? Scratch can show you how. The personable staff remembered me from my first visit, so when I came in again, it was wonderful to catch up with them as if they were my best friends. The bar and restaurant invites both quiet couples and loud groups and the mood is young, romantic, and chic. Anybody can really enjoy this spot, from a Monday night with a glass of smokey wine to Friday evening of melt-in-your-mouth-pork-belly & cold-nutty beer.Speaking of which, my favorite tapas:-Pork Belly:  yes they really do melt in your mouth, I was so depressed when they were 86 on my second visit!-Tender Duck-Believe it or not Bread and Spreads: there's this spicy chocolate dip that goes well with their sweet bread and a nice glass of wine -& All the specialsYou can't go wrong with anything on this gourmet menuI wish I could remember the name of the beer she picked out for me but it came in a white bottle. Almost like a milk bottle. Golden Duetch? might be the name. Either way, you gota scratch this one off your bucket list. Enjoy!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/11/2012,334,174,4,4,2>Since the rocket of copper is said to be "new and improved", a group of my coworkers and friends decided to swing by for trivia on a Wednesday night to check it out.The Good:+ They installed smoke eaters.. and they work! Hooray for no more layer of disgusting smoke on everything!+ They improved the decor. The beer taps on the wall are a nice touch.+ They still honor the infamous beer list, so fret not!+ Same great beer selection!The "Meh":- It's official. The best grilled cheese I have ever tasted will never be made in this kitchen again. But... hey! they remembered to grill the sandwich this time! R.I.P. "mature grilled cheese". :'(
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,8/9/2012,31,130,2,7,4>Decided to give this place a try because I was on that side of town, based on reviews, and the awesome check-in freebie!I was welcomed with wonderful island music as I walked in which started off my experience on a good note. There were so many items I wanted to try but I settled on the jerk chicken meal which came with rice & peas, steamed cabbage, and plantains. The amount of food was enough to feed 2 people and then some! The jerk chicken was well-flavored and because I got white meat, it was a tad bit dry. I didn't really care too much for the sauce that came with it because the chicken was already tasty on its own.Make sure to check-in to receive a free patty and coco bread! The beef patty was flaky, beefy, and delicious! The coco bread was served warm so it paired nicely with the rest of the meal.Can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu!
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,8/8/2012,108,688,2,2,4>Though I'm not Gordon the Fisherman, you can trust me.  Winter Park Fish Co. has got it right and has been able to "see food" not just as a means to make a dollar but rather as a way to treat locals to a wonderful, satiating dining experience.  It's a great low-key spot for a Friday night when you're hungry, thirsty and want to be transported to a waterfront Key West location.  At least that's how it felt to me the first time we dined there.  I love that we ordered at the counter and that you can see into the small kitchen while you're doing it.  So although the dining room isn't very large, they do have quite a few seats on the deck/patio.  But it's definitely the type of place that fills up quickly.  As far as our meals were concerned, the chef didn't disappoint us.  I opted for the Mahi skewers with grilled pineapple, black beans and seasonable veggies.  Each component of the dish was tended to with care and made me a very happy girl.  My husband went with the fish and chips and also raved about his dinner.The staff is quite friendly so it doesn't seem to be too much of a hardship if you have to wait.  Plus, once the food comes you'll be glad you did!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/7/2012,115,241,4,9,9>I've been here several times now for lunch and love it. The kefta (spiced ground beef) is exactly like my friend's mom used to make and I honestly haven't found one that even comes close to that in any of the Mediterranean places I've eaten at in Orlando.Their hummus is also very good and you can really tell everything is fresh. They even make custom flavored sodas and I love the pomegranate flavor.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,8/6/2012,363,344,3,5,4>Hipster Haven! Came here Thursday Night for some drinks!  Had a live DJ spinning some nice 80s and 90s mixes.  So many stickers and signs on the walls of random things.  Honestly this place is just a nice spot to come and relax and have a few drinks and people watch. Ended up watching the movie The Labyrinth (w/ David Bowie).  Made my night!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/5/2012,631,1145,3,3,3>LOVED this food truck at last month's Apopka Food Truck Round Up! It is hard to make a good po'boy but Blue Bayou nailed it. First off, their truck/trailer is adorable. They convert a simple trailer to a themed truck with siding to hide the wheels, tables for condiments, bayou decor and music. They were the only food truck to think ahead and provide a canopy for their patrons on this rainy evening. For $7 I got a shrimp po'boy which came piled high with nicely seasoned shrimp and a soft hoagie roll. The po'boy was super messy with a delicious sauce (not too spicy), lettuce and tomato. Everything tasted very fresh. I was pleasantly surprised when a side of red beans and rice came with. The red beans and rice were excellent as well. It was a hearty side but not too heavy for a June night. There were big chunks of sausage in the sauce too- a meal unto itself. I always feel like I overpay for a food truck meal but at Blue Bayou the pricing is right. The employees were very friendly, staffed well so the wait wasn't bad and they were one of the first trucks open. I will definitely eat at this truck when I see them again.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,8/4/2012,89,238,5,5,6>This place makes me happy. It's not just the delicious boba drinks in countless flavors and styles. The big draw to me is the rocking mustache the owner wears. Seriously, as soon as I walked in, he greeted me with 'Happy New Year" and we talked for several minutes about the dragon parade, local vietnamese restaurants, my hometown, and a number of other things. Finally, I realized I hadn't even ordered yet. I think his mustache has hypnotic powers! Anyway, I chose a cold almond milk with boba. The medium was too big, about the size of a large at most other places. But it was delicious and I drank every bit. I'll be back to try the other flavors. In the meantime, I think I'll work on my own 'stache.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,8/3/2012,141,222,3,8,7>This place works like a well oiled machine. Glasses are never empty, the staff swirl and whirl around each other like gears in a clock, nothing is neglected.The food was exactly what I was hoping for. Most Italian places you visit are "pick a pasta, now pick a sauce". There's so much more to Italian food than that.I had a braised short rib over cheesy polenta with a sweet and savory sauce that was fork tender, robust and hearty. For what you get, the prices are very fair.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/2/2012,304,661,5,11,6>This review is for Big Fin Seafood Kitchen's Happy Hour, which my party of 4 enjoyed. Check the pics for the printed specials which may vary slightly from the list included below.The Happy Hour specials are available in the inside and outside bar area. It was pretty hot and muggy on the Saturday we visited, so we opted for the AC. Bar service inside at the tables was friendly and prompt. Drinks were made well, The Margarita was good but the Cosmo is especially tasty, not too fruit juicy and yet, not too vodka heavy for those who are not straight martini drinkers. Standard bottle beer options, decent wine selection on their regular menu, "Meh" wines on the Happy Hour menu.Drinks in hand, our table ordered the Calamari, spicy tuna roll, potato chips and popcorn shrimp as apps. Impressive portions, all were tasty and prepped very well. The Tuna Roll had a very nice portion of Ahi tuna, but was missing the "spicy" aspect. Calamari app also had fried Jalapenos, lemon slices and artichoke hearts mixed in with the squid rings and squidlettes. Not greasy, calamari was not chewy and we enjoyed the frito misto additions. House made potato chips were a nice thickness, not greasy and came sprinkled with some bland parm which could be skipped. The Blue cheese fondue had nice flavor, but was crowd friendly and not over the top blue cheese. The popcorn shrimp were not heavily fried and a substantial size for "popcorn" shrimp. The menu I had seen online, offered the raw and grilled oysters in the happy hour deal. I inquired about them and was told they were still available, so we ordered the 1/2 doz grilled oysters. Cooked well, very nice size and we would order again. However, when we got the bill, they were full price...not happy hour price. The specials tent on the table had listed just the raw oysters in the happy hour, which is why I asked about the grilled-- and shame on me for not being a bit more clear in my inquiry.(apparently) Minus 1/2 star on the rating, since everything else ordered at the table was a happy hour special and nothing further was done to ensure a happy customer. We didn't feel like making a big issue of it.Burgers and fish tacos were ordered, my fish tacos were great and I'd order them again. Disappointingly, none of the 3 burgers ordered were cooked to the proper temp- medium rare burgers were delivered medium to medium well. A discussion with the server (bartender) had been had prior to the ordering, and it was suggested to order Med rare...glad the table didn't go with the medium or things would have been very overdone. Even though the burgers were overdone for the group, they were good tasting and still juicy. Each diner said the burgers probably would have been "great" had they been cooked properly. (Minus 1/2 star) Fries were nothing special. Had we paid full price, those burgers would have gone back.All and all, great happy hour drinks and food quality and selection for the prices. ($6 per item, aside from the, ehm, ordered grilled oysters.) Very nice that Happy Hour is offered on the weekends. If we were down there again, we'd start out at Big Fin and end up at Fleming's (next door) for their happy hour burger, with awesome fries. To our amusement, the Valets were chowing down on Fleming's burgers when we left. They know the deal!"All For a Fin" Nightly Happy Hour 5:00pm - 7:00pm Daily (7 nights/week) Available at the Trophy Bar & the Bar-A-Cuda Patio Bar$6 Appetizers Angus Burger, Spicy Tuna Roll, Crispy Calamari, Popcorn Shrimp,  1/2 Dozen Raw Oysters of the day, Shrimp Cocktail, Fried Green Tomatoes, Steakhouse Sushi Roll, Beef Satay, Fish Tacos, Housemade Potato Chips w/ bleu cheese fondue.$6 Cocktails and Wine: Canyon Road Chardonnay, Canyon Road Merlot, Canyon Road Pinot Noir, Canyon Road Cabernet House Wells: Russian Standard Vodka, Seagrams Gin, Don Q Rum, Montezuma Tequila, Grant's Scotch, Early Time Kentucky Whiskey Martinis: Appletini, Cosmopolitan, Lemon Drop, Triton's Tea & Georgia Peach Specialty Drinks: Don Q Rum Mojito, Fuzzy Navel, Tequila Sunrise, Tropical Breeze & Classic Margarita" bigfinseafood.com/promot…
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,8/1/2012,320,258,,9,6>I love the guys at Rise Above! I have another tattoo by the talented Scott White and I recently came to his new shop for an addition to my back and it looks awesome! I had no doubts :) Although I only have ink from Scott White, Scott Lukacs and Joe Spino are very talented as well. I think one of my favorite things about this place is how fun and inviting the environment and the guys are. They are SO friendly and the conversation is always entertaining. I would definitely recommend Rise Above if you're looking to get some new ink. You won't regret it! :)
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,9/21/2010,79,28,5,7,5>BBQ Bar is just a bar. It is a dive bar where all kinds of people hang out. One may get the impression from reading other reviews that it is a "hipster bar" or something like that. I'm not quite sure if anyone knows what a "hipster" is, so we should probably refrain from attributing a meaningless label to a bar.Alright so let's get down to it: BBQ bar is a great place to hang out. Drinks are reasonably priced, you'll probably get to know the bartenders if you go often enough, and it's always a great mix of people. BBQ bar is an establishment that is interwoven with local Orlando music so it's very difficult to review it without appropriate context.For example, in Orlando it is customary to visit BBQ Bar for a few drinks before seeing a show at The Social right next door. After the show, you wind down at BBQ bar for a few more drinks. Then you may go dancing  at I Bar on the other side. However, BBQ Bar sometimes features local DJs and musicians, but it is best seen in the context I described above.Personally, I quite enjoy the almost ritualistic behavior of always "pregaming" and "postgaming" at BBQ bar with great live music in the middle. However, you will sometimes hear complaints that BBQ is not clean enough, has weird people, or creeps them out. To me, this is more a testament to the complainers personal character than the establishment itself.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,9/20/2010,498,694,3,6,2>Love it!  I just have to say that I WILL BE BACK..again and again.  I love stand up comedy, and was delighted and surprised to find that the grand opening of this club was this past weekend.  They were originally on Church Street in Orlando, and closed a few years back.We saw Harland Williams (the headliner on Aug 1)  He has been in lots of films (Dumb and Dumber, Half baked, Freddy Got Fingered, etc...and was hilarious.They asked if we didn't mind sitting in the front, so I said why not.  It really wasn't bad at all.  They didn't "pick" on us at all, just asked questions and used them in the act.  The other two comedians were great as well.The couple with us ordered food and it looked and smelled delicious.  We had already eaten next store, so skipped dinner.I look forward to going back and seeing new acts and trying the food.  Best of all we got a BOGO for being there friends on Facebook.  The total with a few drinks was under $40 for two people.  Not bad for 1.5 hours of entertainment.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,9/19/2010,69,200,5,5,5>I love it.  Products you will find no where else in Orlando.  If you lived (or visited) anywhere in Eastern Europe and are missing that certain brand beer, wine, candy, cheese, tea, coffee... this place is great, and the owner is a super sweet lady.  Just met her today, but I already feel like we are old friends.  I can't wait to go back and get some more interesting products.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,9/18/2010,359,280,3,5,4>A coffee bar lover must try the Drunken Monkey! It is an instant happy picker upper and satisfies all types of coffee bar urges. The menu consist of drinks such as chai tea, vanilla cappachinos, hot chocolate, mocha lattes similiar to starbucks...and they are willing to go the extra mile with your drink to ensure it fits up to standards. You can choose almond milk, soy milk, or regular milk to add on to your drink...plus they serve them at the perfect temperature (no mouth burns here!) The staff provide amazing service...also this place has a stack of games, books, and local artist work posted on the walls. Very supportive in the Orlando community to spread the word on upcoming events and local talent. This is great spot to get updates in Orlando and to relax on the couch while playing scrabble (what a unique awesome coffee bar!)Drunken monkey you have made me a delighted fan.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,9/17/2010,91,100,,9,3>I want to respond to some of the negative reviews I have seen popping up about Bayridge. Do yourself a favor and order off of the *Specialty Rolls* menu to get a real sense of what they have to offer. Admittedly, if you order off of the All You Can Eat menu or order it to go you will absolutely get less quality rolls...I have seen it happen many times. If you order a roll that only has two or three basic ingredients in it (eg. Salmon and Cream Cheese) it will be small.  For some good choices try the House Tempura Roll, David Roll, Volcano Roll, or Bubba Roll - they are all sizeable and tasty!While the sushi (particularly the specialty rolls) is good, the service there continues to suffer. I was not surprised to read about the warm rolls one person complained about because once the rolls are made they are brought to the front desk where they sit on a counter waiting for your arrival...not very appealing! Service can be slow depending on your waiter, so if you are in a hurry tell them and they will step it up.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,9/16/2010,100,218,,5,5>Alas, I started a diet today. I have lived well and now my gastronomic adventures have to be curtailed just a bit. More specifically, I am dropping 20 pounds before I indulge again. Fortunately, just because I am trying to lose weight, I do not need to forego all culinary pleasures. Accordingly, I used my diet as an excuse to visit Infusion Tea in College Park today. I am a vegetarian, so the menu would have appealed to me even if I had not been on a diet, but I knew that a vegetarian menu would give me a multiple of options. There were three in my party, four if you count my dog who joined us for the ride. No one wanted to overindulge so our order was rather small for three people: Two gazpachos and one order of the soup of the day, a fresh tomato and bleu cheese bisque, all washed down with tea (of course). One in my party also ordered a mini "apple" from Chocolate Provocateur, which shares space with Infusion Tea. The gazpacho was easily the thickest gazpacho I have ever had and while most gazpachos I've had have been based on a tomato base with fresh vegetables added, the gazpacho at Infusion Tea is so thick with fresh vegetables that it is about an ounce of liquid away from being a salad! Heat it up and it would be a stew. Whatever we might call it, it is DELICIOUS and very filling--perfect for a fellow just starting a diet. The Tomato Bleu soup was very thick and smoky. The tomatoes tasted almost fire roasted but there was no indication on the tomato chunks that they had ever been on a grill. Clearly, this was a soup that was made on the premises and, just as clearly, the chef brought his A-game to its creation. Chunks of tomato and bleu cheese floating in a smoky tomato jacuzzi. Very special. Both soups were served with a couple of crunchy pieces of garlic toast. The toast was very flavorful but a bit too crunchy for my taste. I like to hear my bread when I bite into it but I do not want it to shatter when I bring my teeth together. The teas were wonderful, as one would expect. I was pleased that they had a wide selection of decaffeinated teas and was quick to order a decaf breakfast tea. One of my party ordered a berry tea, iced with sugar and the other ordered the berry tea iced with "a little sugar." Both enjoyed their tea but found that each cup had more sugar than they would have liked. (I suggested that perhaps that was a sign that sugar does not belong in tea!) One of my party also devoured an apple "mini" from the Chocolate Provocateur's counter. I have enjoyed those in the past (and they are perfect for dieters since they are fat free). My companion loved hers as well, but I shall write more about that experience when I comment on Chocolate Provocateur in a separate review. The staff at Infusion Tea is remarkably pleasant and helpful. The proprietors should take note that they have such a good staff because that will be very much an incentive for me to drive the 16 miles to Infusion Tea the next time I want a bite to eat. After a drive down I-4, a happy server can do wonders for the spirit! I found the price of my food a Infusion Tea a little steep. Will I pay the price again? Yes, most certainly. Nevertheless, just because I am willing to pay a little more, does not mean that I think the prices are on point with the value delivered. That may be my own ignorance of the bulk price of loose leaf tea, of course. No matter--Infusion Tea is a wonderful place to relax and to enjoy a light meal and a special cup of tea. You should make a point of checking it out the next time you are near College Park.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,9/15/2010,31,105,,5,3>I LOVE Pom Pom's! I love the atmosphere...out of the box and accepting... I LOVE the food...unique sandwiches and tea...I love the sides...my favorite sides are a tie between the Asian Coleslaw and the German Potato Salad.If you want to travel back to childhood have my favorite sandwich...the Colossal PBJ :) It is peanut butter, jelly, banana, marshmallow fluff...it is REALLY sweet but a good comfort food. The only downsides to this place is there is not a lot of seating. If you go during a peak time, you'll end up waiting (there's not really a place to wait) or taking your food to go. Another downside is they have a HUGE tea menu and are often out of a lot. It's usually just easier to go with the tea of the day ,it has never disappointed me. I don't think it's fair to call your restaurant a teahouse if you only have 2-5 different teas available.  An upside those negatives is that they are open 24 hours on the weekend (Friday and Saturday) and really late (I think 5 am) Thursdays.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,9/13/2010,188,72,3,10,6>I'm a huge fan of the Social Chameleon, and a regular since they opened. Biased review incoming:LOCATIONLike a lot of great places in Orlando, SC has crap for parking and isn't really easy to find. Just like the Bull & Bush pub next door, the best way to guide people there is to say it's across the street from the TG Lee dairy and a couple doors down from Sportstown Billiards. There's really NO signage other than a little a-frame chalkboard out front. There's a tiny parking lot shared with Bull & Bush behind the place, accessible either by a small alleyway between SC and B&B, or you can wrap around a block back by Whiskey Lou's and drive down what seems to be someone's driveway to get in. Not great. Fortunately, most nights you're allowed to park on Robinson right across the street after 6pm, which is conveniently when SC opens. ATMOSPHEREIt's kind of hard to pidgeon-hole this place. It's kind of a hippy vibe, with a little art-house and kitschy sensibility thrown in. There's interesting stuff all over the place to look at, but it's not cluttered in any way. The inside dining room is VERY intimate, seating for maybe 12-16 I'm guessing? Lots of art on the walls, and smells of the food wafting from the tiny kitchen. Let's be honest though, The Social Chameleon's most unique feature is the charming outdoor garden they've got set up for seating. Not ideal on an August night when it's 95, but most times it's one of the nicest places in Orlando to sit and have a few good drinks and some tasty food. Again, it's limited, probably seating for another 12-16. This place can fill up fast on a weekend night, so plan accordingly. Your best bet is to arrive early. Oh, and don't get lost in the bathrooms, the walls are coated with interesting things to look at. Posters, album covers, artwork, etc. Fun. Pet Spooky Cat, he loves cheese and chicken.FOODIn a word, delicious. It's an odd mix of stuff from everywhere, but they use what's available, mostly local and organic, and in season. And things will NOT be the same everytime. I don't mean that in a bad way, not in the least, but you may order the same thing you ordered 5 months ago and find it to be quite a bit different this time. I love the grape leaves, moist and they melt in your mouth, especially covered in the amazing kind of curry sauce they're served with. Any of the starter platters are a good dish for a few friends to munch on, be forewarned the Tour of India is quite spicy, so if someone at your table doesn't like things too hot I might lean towards the dip trio instead. The 8-cheese pizza is simply amazing. All of their pizza's are obviously handmade, and the blend of cheeses that you wouldn't normally see on a pizza work amazingly well together.Last, but not least, as a matter of fact most, my true love is the Mango Mousse Torte. Oh... my.... god.... it's like a mango needle to this junkie. The mouse simply dissolves in your mouth, it's the most luscious and amazing thing. Now I want it, right now. But they're closed. Thanks for reminding me, I hope you enjoy the rest of this review while I sit here suffering thinking of how badly I'm now craving a Mango Mousse Torte. Jerk.DRINKSLike many of Orlando's great places... beer and wine, folks. However, it's a hell of a beer selection. An ample list will be on the back of your menu, with choices from the relatively mundane to quite adventurous. It's not Redlight, but they have a VERY nice selection of beers for you to choose from.SERVICEIt's been, honestly, up and down over the course of their time. However, I do have to say that lately, it's mostly up, way up. I wish I could remember the guy's name, cause he's served me a dozen times now, but the thin guy with a beard (not Bret, the owner) is very efficient, friendly, and on top of things. Remember, however, this isn't a place to go for a fast bite and then zoom off somewhere. This is a place to linger. Sit back, enjoy a few drinks with friends, have some great food, and relax. If you're in a hurry, go to McDonald's. COMMUNITYBret, who's the owner (with his wife, I think - I'm not a shareholder lol) and the staff are very accommodating. They want to know what you think. They want to know if you liked something, or hated it. They want to know if there's a cool beer you wish they'd add to the menu. If something is happening next week, they'll be sure to tell you while you're in this week. They really promote a sense of community with their customers, and that's something that's really hard to put a price on. OVERALLThis is really one of the hidden gems of Orlando. I suspect the only reason they don't have 200 amazing Yelp reviews is, like myself, many people are hesitant to tell too many people about the place. When they first opened we used to KNOW we could get a table, almost any night. Now, we have to send a "scout" ahead to secure a table. If you haven't been, you're missing out.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,9/12/2010,192,199,2,7,5>This is my favorite Thai place, and I am lucky enough to have it right down the road from my house. FTW!I've been here many times and am always satisfied with my meal. From curry, to fried rice, to whole fish, Durian Durian never disappoints. My favorite dish is the house fried rice with scallops, while my husband loves the whole fish specials - extra spicy. My dad says that the curry is amazing and my mom seems to really like the mongolian beef. In addition to all this yummy food, the staff couldn't be nicer! They are all super.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,9/11/2010,34,214,1,7,3>Wow and yummy.  Ok the area seems to be a bit sketchy,... but it is perfectly safe.  It is across the street and just a little East of the very popular and heavily frequented Lee and Ricks Oyster Bar.  It has counter service, but we were actually served because we sat at the bar.  I had the Roti Goat and hubby had the Roti Chicken.  The spiced meat was wrapped in a tortilla similiar to the bread that you get in Ethiopian restaurants.   We also tried the Doubles, which is a side dish that has a tasty Chickpea spread in it.  These dishes had a fantasticcurryish spice to it.  The restaurant was clean the people were nice and if I am in the area again I will definately go.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,5/6/2011,74,56,10,10,13>Lou's, aka Lou's Lounge, aka Whiskey Lou's, aka Lou's Whiskey Lounge. Whatever, this place has become my most patroned bar in recent months. Why? Just like the Stardust Lounge, this place is the closest liquor bar to my stomping grounds. The Lake Eola Heights neighborhood. Another reason? The drinks are dirt cheap. $5.50 for a STIFF Vodka Tonic and a Heineken during happy hour? Read it and believe it. You pay that much for a cocktail at any other location in the city. Even beyond the happy hour, you're still looking at around $7.00 bucks.  Not bad at all.Why else? It's a bona fide dive bar. Folks don't come here to see or be seen. No DJs. No live music. No frills here. Just a diverse, comprehensive jukebox and the murmur of different walks of life carousing, playing pool and passing time on the bar's arcade games. You come here to drink, relax and bullsh!t the day/night away. ANOTHER reason? It's right smack dab in the burgeoning Milk District. Get your drink on and stumble over to The Social Chameleon or The Sandwich Bar for some good eatin'. Stopping in for a drink during the day? No problem, you got Arepas and More, Beefy King and the Drunken Monkey within a block! I've noticed some reviewers basically declare this place a dump. Really? Maybe if you're the type to patron Bliss, Vain or Vintage. It's actually nice on both the outside and inside. The joint is on par with Casey's or Wally's. I've patroned some REAL hell holes, and Lou's Lounge isn't one of them. Sure there's a questionable mural of an arbitrary tiger lounging seaside on some rocks whilst waves crash and a sparking Mercedes Benz sits pretty on a beach in the foreground. Confused as I am? Fantastic. If you come at night, Lou's can't be missed by all it's neon sign/light glory. If you can't find parking, you're more than welcome to park next door where you'll find Medina's Grocery (kick ass latin grocery store). The inside decor isn't bad either. Neon beer signs, red Christmas lights, flat screens with sports/news and a stage decked out with life size stage props of Elvis Presley, flanked by the Blues Brothers in action. What? Yup, perfect for photo ops! Want to blow .50 cents trying to grab a stuffed animal with a weak robotic claw? They got one of those too! The Bartenders have been here for decades and are down to earth folks. Always a pleasure. CASH ONLY, but they do have an ATM in the corner. However, despite the not to shabby digs, the clientele can leave more to be desired. The regulars, for the most part are personable, working class folks. At times, depending on when you come in, the atmosphere can be a bit of a downer. But it is what you make of it. Some regulars are ANCIENT. These bar flies look to be in their 70s. They may mutter a few words to you, or take your hand and ask for a dance, but don't be shaken, they're harmless teddy bears. You'll also find pool sharks, hipsters and some occasional yuppies peppered throughout. A couple of potential downsides. The ventilation isn't great, so when it gets busy on a given night, don't be surprised if your eyes burn a little from the cigarette smoke. Also, because this is a watering hole where people come to simply drink, you may encounter someone who's SHELLACKED. I've encountered a couple of folks who are not shy to impose your space a little bit talking about WHATEVER is on their mind. But this is pretty rare. Nothing you wouldn't encounter gallivanting around downtown on the weekend. Check it out if you want to escape with a drink and keep it low key. Come as a novelty even. Hell, you could pencil this joint in for a Pub Crawl too. You can't go wrong with a dive that shares the same name as the bar where Tyler Durden started the infamous Fight Club.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,5/5/2011,31,105,2,8,2>Jimmy Hula's has an awesome laid back surfer vibe. The seating inside is limited but super comfortable almost like leather car seats. There is lots of seating outside at high tops on a wrap around porch. I will suggest that in a few months they need to have industrial fans (maybe even the ones with mist) outside because a few ceiling fans aren't going to cut it with the Florida heat. I don't know if was  curiosity or this area is in dire need of casual dining but the place was packed and the line out the door. You order at the counter. One problem we had was it took 30 minutes to get our appetizer, which was followed shortly by our food. Even during opening week 30 minutes is way too long for an appetizer and it should not be shortly followed by the food. We had the chips with 3 different dips. The guacamole was really good, the salsa average and the queso was bland. Next time maybe I'll try the curly fries. Now for the part the won me over and kept me from going to 3 stars....the aloha burger. Burgers are my thing...what I LOVE and this burger did not disappoint. It was awesome. It's a burger with creamy teriyaki sauce...it said on the menu grilled pineapple but I didn't see any. I really didn't mind though because it was so good.My friend had the Thai Steak Salad. The salad was just ok although the meat had good texture. The size needed to be bigger. It was about the same as a side salad. Something a little weird was it came in a cardboard box. A salad should be pretty generous since it doesn't fill you up the same as the other meal options.Overall, I really liked the laid back atmosphere (I do agree with a previous reviewer they need music or something) and the burger. I just hope their food delivery time speeds up.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,5/4/2011,30,37,5,4,4>I went here based on a recomendation from Colleen B. and Kim W. and I did not regret the decision. I am a defender of waffle house so I have been skeptical of stepping up my breakfast game but White Wolf Cafe changed my mind. Here is a list of likes and dislikes:Likes:1. Prices and portion sizes: For $7 I got 2 eggs, hash browns, 5 pieces of (the most perfectly cooked) bacon, and 2 (if they are from a box I didn't know it) pancakes. 2. $3 mimosas: and when they say mimosa they mean orange colored champagne. i loved being buzzed at noon.3. Decor: Looking at all the beautiful antiques (including the table and chairs we sat at) while you eat is a new experience.4. ON SUNDAY THEY SERVE BREAKFAST UNTIL 3Dislikes:1.  Don't expect service with a smile at noon. Now I'm not really complaining because the service was super fast but just don't expect a smile they are really super busy.2. Is it a secret club? You don't even get to step foot into the restaurant before it is your time. Super special guests get walked down the street into a special dining room. I don't know how to make this happen.Overall this place is wonderful and I will be back. Thanks Yelp folks!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,5/3/2011,69,200,2,4,3>Another new restaurant that has some things to figure out (opening confusion, brought me the wrong burger, but they took care of everything and I think they should have a little time to figure everyting out), but this place is cool, the burgers are really good (I'd say they are on par with the Pourhouse burgers), and they server wine and beer.  There are like 400,000 combinations you can create (including different types of proteins, including black beans), or you can go with one of their pre-selected options.  Ok, I guess I should explain a little better, when you walk in, you get a sheet of paper, on one side it gives you "a la carte" items (everything from several different cheeses to mushrooms to egg), and you can create your own masterpiece (or disaster).  Or you can flip the sheet of paper over and choose a more traditional sort of menu with burger options.  Overall, I think this place is worth checking out, and once you learn the menu, you can try out some crazy burger recipes of your own...which I think could really make this a stand-out burger place.  I like to be able to customize, this place gives you that option.  And all of their beef is hormone free, etc, if that is a concern of yours.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,5/2/2011,442,51,,6,6>Big Easy Does It!Got an invite to the soft opening of Tibby's last night. Pulled up to the location to find it was in a strip mall. No biggie. Walked in with my wife, son, and parents to find a raucous and jubilant crowd in the midst of celebration. The decor is fun and quite similar to Tijuana Flats, only with a more Cajun feel to it (naturally). We were greeted and seated promptly. Our server was helpful and informative. He suggested a few appetizers and we went with the wings, onion rings, fried pickles, and cheese stack. Great stuff! For entrees, I went with the shrimp etoufee. Wife took the server's suggestion and ordered the shrimp and andouille sausage with cheese grits. AMAZING. The etoufee was splendid as well. Mom, dad, and my son all went with po' boys. The shrimp po boy may have been the best I've ever tasted. Each table has a bottle of an unbelievably-tasty hot sauce that is a blend of cayenne and horseradish. Tasty without setting your world on fire. If you like quiet meals in a reserved environment, this might not be your place. If I have one complaint, it's that this place is L-O-U-D...but if you know that walking in, it's not that big of a deal. The service was spectacular, food was awesome, and we had a great time. In my opinion, the prices are quite reasonable as well. It's not that easy to make healthy choices with so much decadence on the menu (bread pudding and beignets for dessert!), but I ran 8 miles this morning to compensate. Guilt, my friends, is a heck of a motivator.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/1/2011,60,246,,7,6>My fellow Yelpers do not lie...Anna's Polish Restaurant is amazing! I woke up this morning with a craving for schnitzel and spatzle from a popular German restuarant in Sanford. However, at 7 PM we were starving, and did not feel like driving an hour to then only wait additional time for a table. So what to do? We opted to try the tiny Polish restaurant located in the same shopping center as Cool Stuff, and were pleasantly surprised. When you first walk in to Anna's you are taken aback by their decor, you feel like you are in someone's home. They have lovely watercolor paintings with people in traditional Polish attire, Comfy wine upholstered high back chairs and booths, tasteful looking faux lace table cloths,wine colored drapes,faux brick wall with roof tiles and lanterns with flickering mood lighting, and a guest book for comments. the affect makes the place feel homey, and transports you far from the tiny strip mall. As for the food...My dining mates and I were ridiculous and ordered way too much food. But who could blame us, we really wanted to try everything! We shared the Polish trio appetizer platter (two perogis, one Kielbasa sausage with sauteed onions, and two potato pancakes). It was insanely good. I am not a Kielbasa fan, but I now feel like finding their source for this sausage. The potato pancakes were thin and slightly crisp, and the pirogi (I had the sauerkraut and mushroom). The dough was light and almost buttery...yum. i also had a cup of the red borscht best I have had!!! As for entrees, I had the Cracovia Chicken Cutlet with the cucumber and dill salad, and "finger dumplings." The dumplings with the funny name were amazing and can only be described as noodles on steroids, they were pasta pieces with at least a one inch diameter, thick with a slight chew, but very light and buttery. you get a choice of having them served with a mushroom gravy or with bacon pieces on top. I opted for the gravy, but may order them with just the bacon next time so I can just taste the dumpling. My husband had the pork schnitzel with roasted potatoes which were equally delicious, and our roomie had the hunters stew, very different from your average beef stew in the sense that the consistency reminded me of a Cuban ropa vieja or a pulled pork, but mixed with veggies. The service was great, the food was amazing and freshly prepared, and the portions were huge. I am so glad we go to try Anna's, and next time we're in the mood for comfort food we will be back. I am in love :)**gentlemen, if you are looking for a cute and inexpensive first date restaurant this would be a really great choice!  It is quiet, romantic, and the food will put both you and the date at ease.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,4/30/2011,131,243,2,5,7>Hadn't been to this the original location for some time.  My last impression was that it was pretty good, but somewhat pricey.  When I was trying to decide where to take my darling wife out for her birthday din-din, this place sprang into my consciousness.  So I kept it a secret till the last minute, and she was pleased.  After the debacle at Stone's Throw a year ago, this was repast as redemption. Around 7 on a Saturday, the place was still a little quiet, but soon livened up considerably with the "moneyed" crowd in Markham Woods and Altamonte Springs.  In John Lennon lingo, while we "ordinary" people would clap, these folks just need to rattle their jewelry.  We had a very nice waiter Erland (sp?) whose Russian background passed for Italian to these oriental ears.  He was attentive, friendly without being too chummy (which I dislike, unless the waiter/ress and I are tight).  He suggested splitting a $10.50 antipasto, a great choice and recommendation - he said it'd be enough, and it was MORE than enough.  As antipasto goes, I'd have to say it lacked somewhat the tartness that fires up the taste buds; the sausage/mushroom gravy thing, while yummy, was a touch cloying for an appetizer.  Still, everything was fresh-tasting and interesting.  We chose two of the specials, both veal: a florentine-stuffed veal chop, and the slow-cooked osso bucco.  Both exuded typical veal elegance when it's done right: not as heady as beef, but more refined.  The osso bucco was fall-off-the-bone tender, but the downside is that it had lost much of the flavor to the sauce, which was wonderful.The wine list was as extensive as it was expensive - I mean, not necessarily in terms of mark-ups, since some of those vintage Brunellos and Bordeaux would RETAIL easily for triple digits.  We chose a Zenato Ripassa, which had a reasonable mark-up (around 100%).  It was no Amarone, but it paired beautifully with both veal dishes.  I had mentioned in passing that someone's celebrating a birthday on 9/11, and Erland was smart enough to bring a comp'ed dessert - even guessed right, since she loves tiramisu.  Pianist/singer David provided some nice music - asked if we had a request.  I asked for Jobim's "Wave", which he served up without hesitation.  Lovely melody, and good to reflect on as my wife and I counted our blessings on this fine evening.  Life is a lot like a wave: it ebbs and flows, it is sometimes gentle, and at other times it can crash mightily.  Well this evening, we dropped in, carved our way through a delicious meal, and hung loose.  It was swell.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,4/29/2011,210,146,4,2,4>I was kinda of shocked I had not reviewed this place before as I have eaten here very regularly for about 3 years. 1st off get past the Hole in the Wall appearance, the older style strip mall, the not so everything is shiny about the place seriously get over it! Go here!, Eat, here!, then make an informed opinion. Walid the owner rocks. If you read the other reviews he truly is the most pleasant person you'll ever meet. Always friendly, Always courteous, Always glad to see you, Always Thanks You and calls you brother (the guys anyway) when you are leaving, Don't try to slide by without saying good-by or have a great day back it's really hard to do even if his back is turned. All that alone is a reason to eat here. GO HUNGRY! This is not the place to go when you are on a diet as it don't fly here. You will have more food piled on your plate than you know and just about everything is combo-ed with something else and for good reason. He wants you to try his food. Almost always if there is a line he's taking care of you with a sample while you wait to order, as he is making everyone else's food that is already paid and waiting. Even if you see a line it moves pretty quick for one guy working the food making. He is always hustling to get food done and out to you so don't fear the line. GYRO's whether you go with the lamb or chicken is the best I think I have ever had. Even if you say GEE-ROW or JY-ROW he always makes you feel like that's the way it's said. Yes some of you will not like it because it's a hole in the wall regardless. Better for the rest of us if you don't go! LOL Most of this review was about Walid and the place than the food. In other words the food speaks for itself.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,4/28/2011,48,286,3,7,6>Stars awarded solely on the friendliness factor! Went with a friend for dinner and it just so happened that there was a large private holiday party being hosted that night. The owner/hostess was so sweet and sat us at a table and assured us that it was OK... However, it was just uncomfortable for us trying to talk over "Jingle Bells" being blared by the DJ, so we decided to leave. We told the owner/hostess and she REALLY wanted us to stay! LOL We actually ended up sneaking out, so we wouldn't hurt her feelings. I will SO give this place a try, but I'll call ahead to see if there's a party being hosted first!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,4/27/2011,105,221,3,17,7>Great walking trails through 440 acres of Florida's wilderness! I couldn't believe that this park is just 10 minutes away from Disney World and so close to other Orlando attractions.  According to the very knowledgeable and nice people that work in the park, this park has some of the endangered habitats in FL.  I didn't get to see any gators or tortoises on my first visit but did see many birds and even a frog in the woods.  I'll just have to come back to see more.It's a great way to get some nature education and fun in the sun.  It's also great for kids with native tortoise enclosures and educational displays inside the Vera Carter Environmental Center where all the trails kick off.  There's also many environmental programs offered for free; including naturist led walks just ask someone in the center or call the park.Orlando residents/seasonal residents - there's a 30 mile challenge program, I just signed up at their office.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,2/4/2014,103,180,2,7,4>A group of my friends and I visited Spencer's for Steaks & Chops as part of Magical Dining month and it was such a great choice!The steakhouse was in the Hilton Hotel and was nicely decorated.  Our server was Jacki and she was fantastic!  She went above and beyond to take such great care of us.For my meal, I ordered the Caesar Salad, Filet Mignon, and Warm Chocolate Cake.  I wanted wine and wanted a Moscato.  Jacki found a great one for me.First up was an Amuse-bouche.  I can't remember exactly what it was but it was a seared ahi I think.  We had told Jacki early on that one of our friends is EXTREMELY picky and mentioned one of the things she didn't like was bacon.  Well, there was bacon in the sauce on the ahi.  Jacki not only brought out one ahi that didn't have the sauce, but she also brought out some fruit in case my friend didn't like seafood (which she didn't.)  How completely thoughtful was that???  The amuse-bouche was delicious!  She also brought out some bread, which had an onion flavor.  Yummy!Our appetizers came out next. The Caesar salad was very tasty and Jacki asked if we wanted extra sauce without us even having to ask!Next up, Jacki brought us out a nice surprise.  She brought most of us out a HUGE scallop.  For my friend, she brought a succotash (since she remembered that she didn't like seafood). The scallop was the BEST scallop I have ever had.  According to the website, it was served with "Blueberry farro tabbouleh, country ham, and orange Frangelico gastrique".  The sear and sauce on the scallop was amazing.She then surprised us AGAIN with some raspberry sorbet to cleanse our palates.  Yum!Our main entrees came out next.  I like my steaks cooked medium rare, erring on the side of rare and not medium.  The steaks came out perfectly cooked.  I had asked for blue cheese topping for mine and it had bacon in it.  Delicious!  The asparagus was crisp and fresh and the garlic mashed potatoes were divine.  Even with all we had already eaten, I devoured my dish!Last up was dessert.  The chocolate cake was perfectly gooey.  And the Chantilly cream was luscious (although I don't recommend forgetting and thinking it was ice cream and taking a huge bite like I did!)  There were also berries to compliment.  Unfortunately, I was so full that I just could finish it all and sadly had to leave a few bites on my plate.This was such a perfect night out.  And when we picked up our cars from valet, there were bottles of water and white chocolate covered pretzels and a note from Jacki waiting.  I mean, really?  Such amazing, amazing service.  I really recommend dining at Spencer for Steaks & Chops.  And I'll be asking for Jacki again!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,2/3/2014,95,68,4,5,5>Hubby and I were in Deland looking for a place to have lunch, and Santorini's came up on my Yelp radar w/ a 4 and half start rating.  After reading some of the reviews, we knew we had to try it.  Nestled among the cuteness that is downtown Deland, Santorini's is on the smaller side, but luckily we were able to snag a seat right away.  You can tell it gets pretty busy there during lunch time.  Our server brought out some complimentary pita bread and some of their signature dipping sauce.  I believe it was olive oil, balsamic, garlic and herbs.  It was darn delicious!  For our meals we decided to split a Greek salad, the gyro platter w/ rice pilaf and a side of roasted lemon potatoes.  Everything was excellent!  I think the salad was the best Greek salad I've ever had...topped with pepperoncini, a nice block of seasoned feta, two bright red tomato halves, cucumber slices and olives.  The vinaigrette was perfect.  I wish I could've bought a bottle of it.  The gyro platter had a very generous portion of meat w/ onion, pita bread and perfectly ripe tomato slices on the side (seriously, where do they get their tomatoes?!).  It of course also came with some tzatziki sauce.  I'm not the hugest fan of tzatziki (I usually skip it with my gyro), but I actually really enjoyed the one at Santorini's.  The cucumber and mint flavors were on the milder side, which I liked.  Again, it was all amazingly yummy!  But for me, the star of the show was those darn lemon roasted potatoes...oh boy were those good!!  Perfectly infused with lemony goodness.Although Deland is definitely not close to our home turf, Hubby and I both agreed we would make the drive just to come back here.  Awesome food, good service, very reasonable prices w/ big portions...you really can't go wrong with this place.  Oh, and I forgot to mention, we could see the Greek chef cooking in the back, which was neat.  Gave the place a real feel of authenticity.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,2/2/2014,323,572,2,5,4>Finally checked out the Festival of Trees exhibit for the first time in the 6 years we've lived here. This was our first time at OMA as well.We had a great time. Parking was organized. You can brave it and park off street and walk or pay for convenience. Admission was $10 for each of us but with the coupon out of the Sentinel we saved $2.The volunteers were very pleasant and the entire exhibit was really a breeze to go through. Amazing to see how many businesses contribute to this amazing cause by decorating a tree and donating. So much creativity. We saw several trees decorated with Transformers (my husband's fave) and even a tree made out of books!  You are welcome to take photos as well. There were also wreaths decorated and donated for display and purchase . The ones made of wine corks were really cool! The gingerbread houses were so detailed and intricate.  There is also a room filled with great items up for auction. You are invited to buy raffle tickets to win prizes. Last but not least is the shopping area with all sorts of ideas for holiday gifts . This is separate from the actual museum gift shop.  We were also allowed to roam the actual museum exhibits on display but no pictures were allowed.  The guards on duty are really on top of things and if you are about to do something against the rules, they are quick to let you know. I would gladly come back again for other exhibits.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/1/2014,125,57,9,8,5>I can't. I just can't. Here are 5 out of 10 million reasons why you HAVE to go to Ethos! 1) The restaurant is BEAUUUUTIFUL. I'm that weird guy that looks for lighting, moooood, and all sorts of interior style. The atmosphere is super chill - the perfect place for any unicorn or person to dine at.2) The customer service is pretty great. I usually have to play the "Who can make who feel awkward the most" game when I go to restaurants but the staff is super chill. Our server took the time to explain the place and let us know where all the ingredients come from.3) The pizza deserves its own website. I'm not even joking. I've never had vegan pizza and it has officially ruined me forever. Best. Thing. EVER.4) DAT DESSERT. Excuse the lack of awesome english but DAT DESSERT (Chocolate Amaretto Mousse) IS mind-blowing. If you are that person who says "I'm too full for Dessert," then order it first, eat half of your actual food, and take it home. You'll be happy you did! 5) PARKING. PARKING. PARKING. I really want to reiterate that the parking situation is GLORIOUS. One of my biggest pet peeves of eating on Park Ave is parking. I'd rather eat my foot than compete with bad drivers for parking.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/31/2014,181,355,,9,4>What a great little place! Everything about Hubbly Bubbly is remarkable. The signage, the layout, the concept, the food and the owner, George. We went in here today not knowing what to expect. I was excited to see how clean and modern the entire establishment looked. It's casual Middle Eastern/Israeli food. The ordering process is easy and there are many ways to dress up your order. I went with a steak/lamb bowl with hummus, and plenty of add-ons, like pickled turnips, tabbouleh, salad and homemade pita chips. The owner, George, was walking around giving everyone samples of fried cauliflower and other things as well. The lentils were amazingly fresh and hearthy (read as healthy!!)  He was treating us like kings among men! He shared many insights about the restaurant, and how it came to be. We loved talking with him. Very personable, and humble. I'll definitely be back soon with more people.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,1/30/2014,11,281,2,10,5>I come here when I want a cheap meal & get my $$$ worth! They are CLOSED on Mondays!!! They are located nearby the 1st Oriental Supermarket on West Colonial "Chinatown" area across the huge Carribean Supermarket.I doubted this place when I first saw it upon shopping for my asian goodies -- However Once Ive sat and ate here.. Its my go to spot for Takoyaki & Tonkotsu Ramen! I also love the Korrokke (potato fritters). But for the price the Takoyaki is worth it!The Tonkotsu is pork bone based creamy rich broth soup with thin ramen noodles, 3 pcs char siu pork, bamboo strips, shredded mushrooms and red ginger also sesame seeds, green onions. Optional add on toppings are $1 each which includes a boil egg OR extra pork or corn etc. IMO - The boiled egg should be PART of the meal.Adding extra pork, egg and corn is the way to go though imo.The water service is self serve -- Clean tasting water & cold!!You pay your meal 1st (prices are tax included!!!) and you find your area to slurp away!!Staff here are friendly however wait for foods can be long due to its made fresh to order (doubt it about the broths -- but each soup is made to order).This establishment is new and already busy.Only ramen spot in Orlando by far and worth it!!!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,1/29/2014,293,472,6,19,12>The Smiling Bison Restaurant & BarThe Smiling Bison opened this week. It takes over the old Redlight Redlight space on Bennett Road in Orlando across from The Roxy nightclub. Chef Josh Oakley formerly of Ravenous Pig and Enzian founded this restaurant with the theme of house made sausages and kielbasas, but as you'll see from the menu it's much more than that, lots of great food and beer selections and not just a sausage party.The space has been painted and redecorated very nicely the only remnants from the old Redlight are in the mens room, one of the walls still has all those old beer ads and posters, it's nice to remember your history.The staff was all dressed up in their signature Smiling Bison shirts and the decor has a nice uniformity and the chosen light brown/tan is a calming color choice. A stage is set up in the back corner for bands and I'm sure the Cook Trio, a mainstay from the olden days, will be making some appearances.The also have a great outdoor patio with picnic tables so you can watch the world go by or have a smoke.Parking always has and will be a hassle on busy nights, their actual lot can only fit about 10 cars but the street behind it along the curb and in the dirt there is usually a space to be found. I don't recommend parking in the Boston Market parking lot or the doggie day care, just to avoid being towed.The beer menu is small but lots of good choices, sometimes 100 beers to choose from can be too overwhelming. It's nice to focus on a dirty dozen or so and really find which one is your favorite. Also you should notice that they are serving Cask & Larder beers by local brewer & beer guru Ron Raike (Orlando Weekly Article orlandoweekly.com/dining…)The evening I attended the full kitchen was not up and running but it should be by this Tuesday the next day they are open, closed Sunday and Monday. I believe the hours are going to be Tues-Thurs 5-midnight, Fri-Sat 5pm-2am.The sausages are all made in house and each of them is served with a side selection of your choice, Watermelon Basil Salad, Lemon Kale Salad or house made BBQ potato chips.Some of the other menu items I didn't get a picture of or that weren't served were the Soft Pretzel, people seemed to love this. Also they will be serving pizzas, the Duck Pizza sounds especially great. You can see pictures of these on their Facebook page. facebook.com/thesmilingb…Some menu selections:Poutine $7 - Crispy potato wedges, gravy, cheese curds, pickled Maitake mushroomsPickled Red Hots - these seemed to cause some confusion with lack of description on the menu, they were served room temperature and had a great smokey flavorCurry Wurst $10 - Sweet curry Sausage, mushroom ketchup, caramelized onionsBuffalo Chicken Dog $10 - Chicken Sausage, Frank's Hot Sauce, blue cheese, pickled carrots
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/28/2014,110,189,2,7,5>I would never have known about this place if it wasn't for seeing a couple of friends check in here and write reviews. It came at a great time, because I was shopping for my wife's birthday and I happened on that side of town for another event the same day. My description of the place is a miniature version of Ikea, but for good quality antiques! I say this because they organize the store into rooms of a house. You have multiple kitchens, bedrooms, baths, living rooms and even outdoor rooms, each with items for a certain era or following a certain theme. Although their workers were very friendly, it was impossible for them to know if they had an item in stock. The cashier said they have so many items coming in and out, that it's hard to keep track. I was looking for a wine decanter and he said they usually have 1 or 2 lying around, but I'd have to browse through everything myself. Although I thought at first this to be inconvenient, it was an adventure exploring each room, much like going through a museum. An employee did tell me if he saw one, he'd come find meI happened to find a decanter in the 4th "room" I looked. While I started looking in the 20 or so other rooms, an associate offered to bring it up to the cashier for me. That was perfect, because I was afraid I'd break it. They did this again for another item I picked up (which I ended up not buying). About 15 minutes later, I had browsed every room, picked up some handmade soaps, and checked out.I could see coming here in a weak state of mind and buying something from every room! Don't forget to check out the smaller upstairs area too!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,1/27/2014,197,592,3,8,6>Hey, what a nice surprise! Somehow I missed the opening of Superburger in the old long-standing Duffy's location even though I frequent Mark's just a couple doors down.Superburger labels itself as "Colombian Fast Food", but that's doing it a bit of a disservice I think.  It's more along the lines of counter service than fast food, because while you do order up front, everything is made to order and brought out to you when it's ready. Okay, admittedly not every locale makes a distinction between "fast food" and "counter service", but it's at least worth mentioning -- you can hear your patties sizzling on the grill while you wait, and not once will you hear the ding of a microwave.I had to order the one thing on the menu that was the most intriguing to me, the SuperMix burger. It's a beef patty, topped with a chicken patty, topped with bacon and sitting in a soft, quality hamburger bun.  It sounds like a lot, but the patties are on the thinner side, so when combined they make a good size, filling burger that will give you a good jaw workout without getting ridiculous.That's not all, though, because every burger also comes topped with:- Lettuce- Tomato- Onions- Cheese- Crushed Potato Chips- Ketchup & Mustard- Green, Pink & Pineapple SauceHonestly, I don't even know what the "green" and "pink" sauces are, and I didn't dissect the burger enough to try to find out.  Whatever they are, they all work well together. Oh, is that not enough sauce for you?  There are also a couple of sauces at the counter (including a garlic sauce that I loved eating my fries with), as well as some Cholula hot sauce.The price is reasonable; a combo meal for the SuperMix burger (which is the most expensive thing on the menu) including fries and a good size fountain drink still comes out to under $10 before tax.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,1/26/2014,62,18,5,12,8>Delicious, fresh, quickly prepared and super friendly service. For the downtown lunch scene those four are the essential elements for success and Meltz seems to have quickly mastered the lot of them. When you enter Meltz you're greeted by a friendly face who will take your order before you sit. The decor is very modern, the design very well thought out, and the space very clean. (This isn't your run of the mill sandwich shop with cheesy decor or seating that you're a bit afraid to actually sit on because it's torn and you fear who may have sat there last. You know the places I'm talking about.) Now onto the good stuff. The food. Everything we had was delicious, but my favorite was definitely the Fletch. Ingredients to making this delicious creation: roast turkey, roast beef, gouda, cream cheese and chive spread, jalapenos, black olives, red onion, mushrooms and baby spinach, grilled on rye swirl bread. Served au jus. Yes. ALL OF THAT. On ONE sandwich. It was heaven. The jalapeno imparted just the right bit of heat and seriously took this thing to a level that I didn't know sandwiches could reach. I'm not even a fan of bread and I loved the Fletch.Also ordered the BBQ Fusion which was delicious. Large slices of slow roasted pork, caramelized onions, Asian slaw and hoison BBQ sauce on stirato roll. The hoison BBQ was so good I nearly asked for extra so I could dip the sandwich in it. In addition we had some Potato Cheese Soup which was very creamy with small chunks of potato topped with cheese, chive and bacon. Very rich, definitely something I'll order again.Dessert? Yep, Meltz has that too. The chocolate brownie was so rich and baked to perfection. I devoured mine and actually considered getting one to go. I was told that soon they'll be trying out new sweet items for their breakfast menu so I look forward to trying those as well.Not like I need to list yet another reason to be excited about this place, BUT their prices are great (I didn't see anything over $7.99) AND they plan to be open until 2:30 on Friday and Saturday night! So all you club-goers, late-night-munchie-getters, and random insomniacs can mosey on over to get your late night fix.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,10/2/2012,469,289,2,8,6>They have restored themselves back to the good food, and service that they once were. We had stopped going after we noticed a decline in overall cleanliness, food, and service.So we finally went back and were pleased to see things back to normal. The portions are large and good. I love the Ramos Rita's and the big ones are now again back on the happy hour menu. great place for family and friends. Thank you for bringing everything back to quality.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,10/1/2012,23,72,,6,3>So my girlfriend has been telling me we need to goto this place for a while... she's been there a lot... I've been skeptical... I mean with King O Falafel, it just didn't sound appetizing to me.... So I went into this place probably not wanting to like it but I was pleasantly surprised, it was really good.  In a nondescript strip mall in the middle of tourist town, where it seemed like everything around it was out of business, here this place stands in an old Quizno's (Quizno's logo is everywhere in this place) but it works!  They took a space that someone else paid for to build out, added some of their own decor, and took advantage of someone else's misfortune by recycling all the furniture etc.  Great job.  As for the food... I had a Gyro and it was very tasty... Meaty with a nice Jerusalem salad on it...  Of course I had a Falafel and I wasn't expecting much, but it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside... another winner.  My girlfriend had the chicken kabob's and they too were really nicely seasoned and cooked nearly perfectly.  Finished it off with a piece of Baklava that was super yummy too (honey oozing out of the bottom).So the food is great, but here's the best part, it's not expensive at all... I think the most expensive thing on the menu was $10!!!  The staff is all super nice and you can either order at the (Quiznos) counter or they'll come to your table and take your order and bring you the food.  It's also family owned and run, so how can you not support this great little place.  I really hope that they can make it in an area that is full of chains. Don't blink, you might miss this place.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,9/30/2012,44,35,2,3,4>This is like my "yoshinoya" in Orlando.  Well not exactly the same but as good as it gets for a fast food Japanese restaurant.  I'm giving this place a 4 star, not because of the sushi, but because of everything else they offer and originality.Own by Japanese, the guys here have pretty much nailed it on the donburis (rice platters) for a fast food joint.  You can actually enjoy descent street Japanese food here, without having to go to the more expensive authentic Japanese restaurants in Orlando.  They even have smaller authentic side dishes like ohitashi, hiya yako, and sunomono.  And some of my favorite childhood drinks, like Calpico.I'm getting hungry writing this... hahaTheir roll selection is pretty good, but I wouldn't try the nigiri here.  Unless you're really craving it.  Oh...and you can enjoy it with some Sake.  They serve alcohol here!!  (^-^) YThe location is small, but clean.  However, there isn't much room here.  So don't expect a sit down place.  Its a self service type restaurant, so you actually have to put your plates away.  Pricing is great for what they offer.  But they only take Visa/ MC.  Overall this place is great.  Now I need to try their other locations...
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,9/29/2012,26,56,6,8,8>Latin Square Cuisine just opened in the space formerly occupied by Havana Cafe, in the plaza outside the SunTrust Tower.The food seems to be a bit better than the former occupant's, and from what I can see, they seem to be doing a lot more business.  This is a really good downtown choice for a fast, tasty lunch at a good price.Similar cuisine, but a bit better.  Service is much faster.  Staffed with servers up front, workers in the kitchen, and a full time cashier.  Very nice people and trying very hard.  They have a steam table across the front of the store with the specials and the sides.  Everything is served up 'to go" since the seating is all outside under the trees.  You can get and go quite quickly, although I've seen a line out the door at the peak lunch hours.  It doesn't hurt business that you can smell the good aromas all the way out to the street.  I had the Ropa Vieja with two sides for $6.99.  A lot of food.  I mean, I was done for the day.  You get a pile of savory Ropa Vieja meat in a tasty broth.  One of my sides was rice and black beans.  And that alone could have fed an army.  I have not tried the sandwiches.  Those seem smallish at 4"or 6" increments.At the risk of starting the recipe equivalent of a land war in Asia, the black beans were good.  (When I lived in Miami, discussions of how to make black beans often devolved into near riots.  Everyone has their own way to make black beans, which of course is the BEST and ONLY way and their Abuela made them THAT WAY.  Imagine the videos of the cities in Spain that engage in tomato throwing battles, only more passionate.  But I digress.)The only downside I see is that by 2:00 I was slipping into a post lunch food coma.  So I had their Cuban Coffee.  That got me going faster than a David Pittman oil change!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/28/2012,113,259,,4,3>This is my go to birthday dinner place, because there aren't too many places you can go to that will knock off $22 from your bill, and serve up a great steak at the same time.  I've eaten here numerous times, and have eaten everything from that daunting 50oz. master cut porterhouse, to the rib-eye, and everything in between.  The steaks are typically done correctly to your preference, and the wood grill adds a nice flavor to the steak that you don't get everywhere.  The service was also quite good, as our waiter was on top of drink refills, menu questions, and everything in between.I was unaware of this before my visit, but they offer a "beat the clock" steak special, where if you order before 6:30 PM, you can get a 22oz. strip with 3 different choices of seafood, for $24.  It is a rather fantastic deal, and one that each of us at the table took advantage of.  After dinner, we were offered to sign up for their VIP club, which is a great deal and will pull me in on other days that are not my birthday, as you get a $25 gift card for signing up.  My only knock on Charley's would be that they could not commit to whether or not you were getting a USDA Prime or Choice cut of meat.  Many upscale steakhouses will confirm this for you, and there is a noticeable difference (at least to this meat lover there is).
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/27/2012,108,70,2,7,3>I am a huge 4 Rivers fan, but thought I'd check out this new BBQ place so I have a couple of good BBQ options.I had the pulled pork and my husband had the turkey.  He said he ordered the turkey because BBQ usually can't get it right so it if it tasty then everything else will be good.  Don't quite get that logic, but it works for him.I thought both the food and service were really good.  However, what really impressed me was that the owner notice I did not eat everything on my plate so he asked if there was something wrong with the food.  I'm trying to control my portions so not eating everything was not an indication I didn't like it.  He said that he had never owned a restaurant before and they were still working out the kinks so he wanted to make sure everything was good.It was nice to see that he is so involved in this restaurant and I really hope it makes it.  We will definitely be going back.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/26/2012,10,90,3,9,2>I have to caveat this review with saying that I have a bias against buffets, but this one is pretty good. I guess it is only fair to rate it for what it is.Ichiban Hibachi Buffet is definitely a buffet with good quality food and a clean environment.  The dinner deal is $14.50 (week night) for all you can eat sushi, sashimi, pick-your-own-ingredients Hibachi grill, assorted Asian entrees, dessert and even some conventional American palate food.  Your server will efficiently escort you to your seat, bring you drinks, bring you your Hibachi grill and whisk away your empty plates.  For the rest, you are pretty much on your own.The Hibachi grill area has an assortment of vegetables (onions, bean sprouts, summer squashes) and meats (salmon, scallops, shrimp, chicken, beef).  You pick as much of these in whatever combination you want, and a server queues it up to be cooked by a chef. You are paired to your selection with a number, and they bring it out to you when it is done.  Mine was cooked to perfection (mostly seafood) in a slightly spicy sauce.They must have about a dozen sushi rolls laid out on a cold plate -- some familiar, some not.  They also have a light and a dark fish sashimi.  Everything I had was good and the sashimi didn't have a fishy taste. They have big bowls of ginger and wasabi to go with it.Other buffet items were neatly presented and the area well-kept.  I had a few of these items, but the family had more.  Everything was reportedly good.  My one complaint is that everything was not labeled (one of my gripes about buffets). The people are good about telling you what everything is, but it just the fact that you have to flag someone down.  I didn't eat from the American food bar, but I saw french fries and chicken fingers amongst other items.  They also have a fresh salad.  (Good for that unadventurous diner in you party that you convinced to go.)I am not a real big fan of Asian desserts (and they had a few cake-like things), but I did have some ice cream. I recommend the red bean.  (I know it doesn't sound great, but just give it a try.) The green tea was good but a little too mild for my taste.  They also had vanilla, chocolate and a few other kinds.  For the unadventurous diner, they have pudding, jello and fresh fruit.I can't say much about the drinks.  They had the typical Asian beers, tea and a wine list.  I pretty much skipped all of it.Ichiban Hibachi Buffet is a pretty good overall. The place is clean and the food nicely presented.  The service is great.  Some might not like that this is not a mega-buffet like seems to be rage these days, but there is a enough variety that you can try most things and not walk away too stuffed. (Well, relatively speaking - it is a buffet, right?)
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/25/2012,52,143,,4,3>I've been here once and can't wait to go back.This is the kind of bar where the staff always knows you by name and usually has your favorite drink poured for you before you even sit down. They are extremely personable and fun.The Burgers are awesome.The drinks are awesome.And everything is well priced.I don't believe they accept plastic but there is an ATM inside, and come early if you want a good parking spot. The lot is little.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/24/2012,68,130,3,5,3>5 = As good as it gets, ok, I'll try to give everyone my reasoning.So, breakfast restaurant rundown....McDonalds, Panera, Hue, IHOP, etc.  Been to those, all having various offerings, some at the bottom of the scale, some at the top (with high prices to match).  Zilly Bee Cafe managed to give me brunch on Sunday, with great friendly service, with prices that didn't empty my wallet.$3 mimosas, Eggs in a Nest off the menu.  Yum.  Albeit the presentation wasn't the classiest, but as Mario Batali says, "Its all poop tomorrow".  LOL.All in all, a tasty breakfast, very cheery service from both the mimosa server and our waitress Krista.  Will definitely be returning.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/23/2012,426,190,2,3,4>To quote my friend Nik about Nacho Mama's "I only take people I like here". Seriously, Ken (the owner and chef) is AMAZING! I love love love his food and this place is such a hidden gem. It's right under the colonial overpass where semoran is so its very hard to locate. Every item on the menu is delicious and if it isn't on the menu.....ASK! He's very accommodating and aims to please his customers. OH, and did I mention there's ALWAYS free beer?!?! Yea, I said it, free beer. My favorite Mexican joint at the moment and I seriously think i'm here every week.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,6/14/2013,36,119,1,4,3>I loved it! I've been wanting to try this place for a bit and I'm so glad we did not wait much longer. So many choices! I decided to put my favorite things in the world into one of these little warm pockets from heaven. Pork, avocado and cheese. Yes, those three things define my world. Don't judge. My BF went with the cachapa filled with queso de mano, shredded chicken and avocado.The arepa was freaking awesome!!!! The flavors were outstanding. We had to order another one, same exact combo (to share). It's a little messy to eat at first because all the ingredients are bursting out but after the first few bites it all falls into place. The cachapa was really good. Slightly sweet like a sweet plantain taste. Maybe if it had PORK it would have been even better. I'm a sauce whore. There, I said it. I love sauces and when the lady handed me FOUR HUGE bottles of sauces, I was so, so, happy. Rosada (mayo-ketchup), Nata, Garlic and Cilantro. The Rosada and the Nata were my favorites. I could eat the Nata sauce just by itself. I might have done that. Don't judge.We tried the passion fruit "juice". I say "juice" because it wasn't really "juice". It was more like a smoothie. Too sweet for my taste. It needed to be diluted a little more. Next time, I'll try the fresh orange "juice" without the " ".We sat at the bar and ordered from there. Service was great and quick. Must go back soon!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,6/13/2013,24,37,2,2,3>What a great place to have located right in your backyard!  Orlando's very own 'Orlando Brewery' is set to appease any craft beer lovers. It's wide variety of original brews (as well as a few other favorites) give the beer seeker's over 20 taps to choose from. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about there beers and are very welcoming to customers.  One of the coolest parts about Orlando Brewing is the fact that all of the beers they create are USDA-certified Organic beer... and the beer itself is delicious. My two favorites would be the I-4 IPA which is a nice, strong flavored Indian pale ale, and the other would be the Olde Pelican which is a delicious English style Pale Ale. They have great specials all throughout the week as well as live music on Fridays and Saturdays (if I remember correctly). If you're not sure what to try, get one of the "flights" and they will serve you a wooden tray with 8 of there signature beers. Under each glass is a label of which beer you are sampling so that you can read more information about the beer on there menu. This is a great place to try some great tasting beers and support a local brewery at the same time. What more can I say? The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the location. I just wish it was in a more accessible area... But the location definitely adds to it's charm.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/12/2013,93,108,,5,2>I was a little weary when I first got there because there was only 1 lonely car in the parking lot on a Sunday at 6pm in the middle of tourist-ville... maybe it was the waiter's or owner's car and the place was a ghost town? Well, my fears were assuaged when we walked in to see an Indian family chowing down, and literally as soon as we were seated, 5 more couples came. And I hope no one takes this the wrong way, but they were all Indian, which made me think this place is the real deal! We ordered the veggie pakoras as an appetizer, and they were pretty good. The real gem was the Lamb Shakuti. Not as spicy as I would have liked it, but the sauce was flavorful and the meat was tender. Hubby also enjoyed his Lamb Roganjosh, but agreed that my sauce was yummier. I wish that they served papadums on the house, but it was no biggie since we were stuffed by the time we left. The food is great and the service is attentive. Though the decor is seriously lacking and looks ancient, we definitely plan to return when we're in that part of town again.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,6/11/2013,115,93,5,7,4>This modest Mediterrean restaurant, nestled inside a Publix  shopping center, offers nicely-sized portions at good prices.   I've enjoyed almost everything I've tried here.  The Chicken Souvlaki is marinated and cooked to perfect tenderness.  The cooks don't skimp on fillings or that wonderful tzakiki.  :-) The falafel is also housemade and flavorful.  The hummus is creamy and smooth and has just the right amount of tahini in it.  The dolmades are the best I've had in Orlando.  I've had mushy dolmades before that ruined my cravings for them.  Athena's Girll has revived my hankerings.  My only complaint is that my favorite soup, Avgolemono, is more like chicken soup with lemon juice.  I don't like the addition of celery and carrot.  I want the authentic Greek soup! The soup could be creamier and a bit more lemony!  Other than that, I wholly recommend supporting this friendly, inexpensive and delicious restaurant.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,6/10/2013,39,339,,4,2>Glad to have finally made it in Hana Kimi tonight!  My tip was slightly incorrect: there are 4/5 tables and 9 seats at the sushi bar.  Small, quaint, but not lacking in service!First off the service was great, if not a tad slow.  The waiters were all very friendly, but left my sushi on the counter for 5 minutes while I was waiting on it as an appetizer.  It was worth the wait though, as it tasted very fresh.  The soy sauce, wasabi, and shrimp sauce were all delicious to dip it in!My wife & I ordered the hibachi meals despite being a little worried that the hibachi was in the back, not  in front of our face as we usually get at Japanese places.  Our fears were unfounded.  The food all came out piping hot and was cooked perfectly!Overall, a total winning experience!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,6/9/2013,48,286,,4,4>Super impressed with this fish joint.  Although it's small and casual, but with sit down prices, the food is outstanding.I really liked that they ran out of some things as we approached the counter.  Cool.. that tells me that their product is not hanging out in the freezer!I had a delicious mahi-mahi with a spicy cranberry relish.  The fish was so fresh, and prepared perfectly.  Truly the best fish at a restaurant I've had in a long time.  Didn't notice if they had a kid's menu, as Small Fry was not with.  But did see other families there that had brought in fast food for their children.   Loved the laid back and casual feel, although wish that they had a little more outdoor seating.  That would make this place almost perfect!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,6/8/2013,71,48,8,1,2>Dear 4 Rivers,You are supreme! Your sweet potatoes are a dream.Your pulled pork makes my taste buds sing.You even fry up all the things!Pickles, okra, frenchy fries.Your yummy beans, my happy sighs.And then, behold!  There's baked goods, too?!?Oh, 4 Rivers I love you!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,6/7/2013,105,99,6,10,6>I'll be honest, I live in Kissimmee but when people ask what's good to eat here, I usually reply "Nothing really."  Not until I found Dolce Bakery & Cafe.  I can't believe it's been here 4 years and I've never noticed it!I go inside and instantly, the display of pastries welcomes me.  OOOOOHHH....  It's very bright in here.  Modern decor, the amazing aroma of fresh coffee.  I'm looking at all the baked goods, everything looks great.   You know that kid in the candy store?  Yep, that's how I'm feeling right now.  So many choices!  The staff is very friendly here and quite helpful as well.  My fresh fruit berry tart was AH-MAY-ZING!  The crème pâtissière (pastry cream) was perfect and the pâte sucrée (sweet tart dough) was a beautiful golden color.  In general, I typically don't eat all of the crust/dough (usually because it's overbaked/too dry/bleh) but this tart was done just right.  The café con leche was good as well.  The guava and cheese pastry was tasty but not the best one I've ever had.  Still really enjoyable though.Overall, this a great spot!  Indoor and outdoor seating is available.  For those not into sweets, there are other menu items such as salads, sandwiches and breakfast items.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/6/2013,90,193,6,6,7>O-M-G! Stop what you're doing and go to Donut King! Don't worry, they are open 24 hours.We have passed by here for years and never stopped - always talked about it but it never happened. One early morning we were by here and boom! A box of a dozen hot glazed donuts ended up coming home with us.If you're unsure of what to get - apple fritters are the way to go. Warning: they are bigger than your face. You could make friends with these things. And your enemies will beg to be your friend.They have a drive thru if you know what you want, but I'd recommend going in sometime and checking out the wall of donuts - they have so many different kinds! Oh and they are not just a donut shop, they also have New Orleans inspired food! Side note: they ARE the home of the Castle Burger. Random.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/5/2013,197,151,5,15,9>Hidden Elevator Entrance? Check. Alcohol? Check.Homemade Sodas? CheckAwesome Food & Service? Check. Check. For my first speakeasy experience, I'd have to say this was the cat's meow! Finding the entrance may be a little difficult at first, but it's part of the experience. Park near Regions Bank and look for the ritzy elevator door and you've got it. It's on the 10th Floor. ;)I came here with my parents and my boyfriend. My parents didn't quite understand the concept ("No sign? What if people get frustrated and go somewhere else to eat?"), but they enjoyed themselves nevertheless. My mom asked our maitre'd to surprise her with a drink and he came out with one of the strongest and tastiest cocktails I've had. I didn't catch the name unfortunately, but if it's the standard, I give them an A+. Their sodas are all homemade, so you might get something similar to Coke or Pepsi, but you can definitely tell it's a little unique. No refills. :PThe food here is cooked only when you order, so that means you should order ASAP because it'll take some time for the food to come out (up to thirty minutes for some dishes). I loved that because it means that food doesn't sit under hot lamps and everything you eat is literally right off the stove. For appetizers, we ordered the Rock Shrimp and the Our Sausage pizza. They were both tasty, and though the pizza was supposed to have ghost chili oil on it, it wasn't unpleasant and had a faint kick. My only complaint is how oily everything seemed to be -- the oil literally dripped off the pizza when I picked it up. For the main course, we ordered the Cowart Ranch Ribeye "Steak Frites", the Roasted Whole Seely's Arc Thyme Chicken, and the Cowart Ranch Wagyu Burger. My dad loved his steak -- the flavor was amazing; and the chicken definitely gave us all surprise when it came out -- we weren't expecting a whole chicken. lol. The Wagyu Burger was almost sinful, it was so tasty. Juicy, thick, and cooked to perfection; it was so good, I almost gave up eating meat for the rest of the week since I didn't think anything could compare. lol. Not to mention their amazing fries. I consider myself a fry connoisseur and their fries topped every fry I've ever had. Seriously. o_oThough we were stuffed by the end of it, we still had to try out their desserts. We decided to share the Texas Lemon Tart and the Old Time Hot Fudge Sundae. Both were super tasty, and true to the speakeasy spirit, I definitely tasted a hint of alcohol (cognac?) in the sundae. Service was great; our water glasses were never empty and they were always checking in on us. I loved the elevator door, I'd probably press the button all day if I worked there. It was broken when we first came in (someone had tried to shove their way in, and literally broke the door), but it was fixed by the time we left.I'll definitely be back for more.
