<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2007,6/25/2008,80,397,10,5,8>Get thee to this lavishly overpriced but  abundantly adventurous tournament, I pray you.Thy spectacles are truly wondrous.Hearty vegetable soup, crusty bread, herbed potato, a half chicken with the finest ribs a pork e'er to offer, apple pastry & the grandest of ales and spirits to satisfy the foulest of tosspots!Carouse whilst jousting performed in the company of yon Queen sitting atop her throne.OK OK...it was pretty cool.  My son seems to enjoy it immensely!  Although the price for this feast may break the bank it is entertaining.  Noah still has the wooden sword he got and the take-home plastic cups are still being used on a daily basis.When I picture dinner theater, though, I usually picture a murder mystery "Clue" inspired evening.  Like the Dinner Detective!Eating while being entertained is so rad.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2007,6/24/2008,1287,1043,10,13,15>Second event with the OC Yelpers. Good people and good times. Continental is dark inside, but not dark enough that you can't see in front of you. I like.It's not ghetto and not too yuppie. Comfy yet classic. I like that too. Something I didn't like is the smell of the restroom when you step inside, and the smell of the restroom when you're in the back chillen out. There's a pool table in the back room but for some reason it was closed off with Yellow Police Caution tape. Something happen here? Hmm... We got the private room and everyone hung out in there for the most part. It was definitely too small to hold all of us inside but it was hella cute. You actually miss the room when you walk in since it's immediately to the left of the entrance. The room was really hot and the tv didn't work inside. I didn't hang too long in the room due to the heat. All that body temperature and alcohol raises the heat level fast!Pros: The booths were cute and the bar was comfy. Staff was friendly. Dark but not too dark. Overall, the bar was pretty cool.Cons: $250 bottle service for the room and about $150 or $175 for the booths. I didn't like the whole bottle service, minimum purchase concept. I would've liked the bar a lot if it was more casual, but it was still a cool place. The smell of the back and the front was bad so I didn't like that either.Come check it out for yourself. Thanks to Mr. OC Yelper Dave S for introducing me to a new spot. I definitely would have never found myself here if it wasn't for you! :D Good times!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,6/23/2008,233,212,13,8,11>I blame Holly.After an entire Holiday weekend of reading taco reviews, I was just dying to get out and satisfy the carne asada craving, and tried calling a few of these places yesterday, but they were all closed on New Year's Day.Ventured out today to Tacos Chapala, since it's closer to me than a couple of the others Holly'd been to, and had a yummy, yummy experience.Chapala has a tiny parking lot (venture in at your own risk) located on the corner of Obispo and Anaheim, but the service is indeed friendly and fast, and the tacos were just the right thing.  Beware the "hot" salsa.  I felt the need to stick my head in the sink after eating it (ok, so I poured it over my taco: bad idea) just to put out the flames. I believe they call this syndrome "cabeza en fuego."
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2007,6/22/2008,67,110,9,10,9>I used to come to this place a lot back in the day when it first opened, but I haven't been recently and hubs had never been! Amazing since we live RIGHT down the street, but we don't wear our party pants as often as we used to anymore. I have never seen a band there, only been there on DJ nights. I wish I had my finger more firmly on the pulse of the hipster scene so I would know who to go see there. I would love to be able to wow people by saying "I saw that band at Detroit before they got all huge," but I never know what I'm talking about and people would scoff at me. Anyway, I went to check out karaoke at Detroit because some friends wanted to go and I like my friends and hey, I live RIGHT down the street. I dragged hubs because he wanted to go see what it was all about.Hubs liked it. He enjoyed the decor and the drinks were cheap, just the way he likes them. ($3 for a Miller Lite...w00t!) He thought the crowd was a bit too "emo-y" for his taste, but he ended up having a good time. I liked the karaoke there. Roman is a good, fun karaoke host, so I knew it would be good times. I think the cool thing about karaoke at Detroit is that the place is set up for bands to play, so the acoustics are good there. I think I sounded better than I usually sound at karaoke (although it could have been all the Miller Lite...who knows). I also like that they have the TVs above the bar area so you can see the people singing even if you run to the bar for a drink. Hubs gave the place two thumbs up, but he may change his tune if we go back on another night. It was only mildly "emo-y" for karaoke...I think he may be in hipster overload on another night.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2008,6/21/2008,10,10,4,10,10>This place is right around the corner from me, and I've been saying I'd grab a bite there for like a YEAR now.  So I was glad to have the opportunity last night.The service here is fab.  Folks are mellow and friendly - great hippie vibe.  There was reggae music playing in an OH SO cliche way, I had to giggle a little, but the ambiance here was really nice.  Calming even.  Now, I am an experience veg-eater.  I'm not vegan, but I've definitely enjoyed vegetarian, vegan, macrobiotic and raw cuisines.  The food at Zephyr wasn't the BEST veg food I've eaten.  It was a bit dry for my taste.  There wasn't a huge selection which made me a little sad because I have some vegan faves and none of them made the cut for the Zephyr menu.  I had the chickenless-o-burger, and I enjoyed it, so I'm not complaining a lot.  AND, you know, you leave feeling like you did something GOOD for your body, for once.Compliments to the chef, however, on the burrito sized spring rolls.  I LOVE a good spring roll and this seriously hit the spot.   If you're like me, you like to drown things in sauces.  I could have used more sauce for my dipping, and the sauce was NOT the traditional peanut sauce you expect with your spring roll.  Peanut sauce was missed, but the replacement was quite tasty!I will probably eat here again.  My complaints are small, and as I've only tried two items from the menu, there is still lots of opportunity for me to be dazzled. :-)
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,6/20/2008,543,699,13,8,10>I love almost all things Japanese because they know how to turn ordinary things into crack.Cases-in-point:1. Water to Calpico = crack juice2. Oink, oink pig + flour to ramen = crack noodles and now3. Chestnuts that is roasted = crack snack (damn, I'm good with rhymes!).Located in front of the Mitsuwa Marketplace, the nice Japanese man sells them by lb in either $3, $5, or $10 bags. Even with the smallest bag was more than enough to fill up for the afternoon (and spoiled my appetite for dinner!) Oh, yes. I felt like an idiot not knowing how to use the chestnut opener.rockroastchestnut.com/ch…After going back to the chestnut (crack) dealer, he showed me how to use it (the opener is free when you buy the bag of nuts). Just press the opener and use the teeth to crack open the shell. Minus one star for it coming from China instead of Japan, although coming from the latter would make it cost probably twice as much. The chestnut harvested from October extending through December and sold through MayAlso sold in front of 1. Mitsuwa Santa Monica, 2. Marukai Gardena, and 3. H Mart Diamond BarFriday (in CM location only), Saturday, and Sunday only! See their website for more info.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,6/19/2008,731,490,10,12,14>bonjour monsieur.  voulez-vous coucher avec moi..ce soir..ok that's all the french that i know....  i wish i knew more.  this place makes me want to speak french.  i love how they've decorated the place.  cute little booths and tables touched with a hint of paris.  there's a big window where you can watch your crepes being made.we shared the Royal.  mmmm nutella.mmmm strawberries.mmmm banana.mmmmmm ice cream!mmm their coffee is good too!ce soir???
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,6/17/2008,384,243,13,10,13>I usually come here with the guys to chill out and talk about our Past Memories...sike!  we don't do that crap...we talk about current stuff...man I'm not that sappy!The foods pretty good, I usually get the duk boke gi...oh and they got this sausage dish that is good too.  (don't ask me for the name...but its there somewhere).  And of course the cold HITE beer.They got a couple of TV's so if a games on you can keep tabs on it.Most recently I came here with a bunch of cool yelp folks and had their fried chicken.  (didn't even know they had this!).  It's pretty crispy and juicy for a non chicken joint.  (thumbs up).  I also tried the fried kimchi/pork with tofu on top.  This was also very good.  Although I didn't try the spicy pork dish, it too looked very appetizing....Next time I shall try that.  yumssss I'm getting hungry thinking about it.I must go exercise so I can eat more of this stuff now.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,6/16/2008,34,19,5,5,6>Remember when we were little and everything just seemed so big?  Like how the hugh playgrounds we used to play on, now seems kinda small and dinky when re-visited.  You know what I mean?  Well, that's how I feel about the burritos at Alertos right now.  Man, I loved Alertos and still do...just not as much.   This place, IMHO, used to  have the biggest and best burritos.  Their burritos are still good, it's just that they're not as big as I remembered them.  BTW, I really like their beef and carne asada burritos.  But the last few times that I've visited, the burritos seem to have shrunk.  Maybe it's just my imagination.  But I don't think so.Smaller buritos aside, Alertos still gets an easy 4 Stars.Cow-meat-burritos-FTW!!!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,6/15/2008,254,157,3,10,7>I went to this bridal salon to search for a my wedding dress. They have one of the most extensive upscale wedding dresses in SoCal. I fell in love with one, but it was $5500 and I just couldn't justify that kind of money for a dress I'd wear only for a day. So I bought my dress someplace else.However, my experience was pleasant. My fiance and I (we're modern -- he helped me choose my dress) went on a weekday where it wasn't so busy. My sales associate was professional, with a good eye for what a bride wants. I told her that I love simple dresses with a lot of details like Reem Acra, and she brought me several dresses from different designers in the style that I specified.A few tips:1. Make an appointment to try on dresses, otherwise you are only allowed to browse.2. Go on a weekday, where they're typically less busy. The sales associate would be more willing to devote more time to you since she's not fully booked.3. They're closed on Mondays.4. They don't allow you to take pictures.5. Allow enough time to purchase dress before your wedding since bridal salons typically has to order your dress from the manufacturer. Also allow enough time for alternations if needed.6. Bring a pair of shoes you're going to wear to your wedding so you'll know how you look and how much the dress should be altered. If you don't have your shoes yet, bring a pair of shoes with the same height as the shoes you're going to wear. Speaking of shoes, I think that brides should purchase their dress first, then the shoes, because shoe color should match the dress, not the way around.Also still speaking about shoes, make sure that the heel height are a bit lower than the maximum height you could comfortably wear. You won't believe how tired you're going to be on your wedding day. When I got married, I didn't want to look tired in my wedding photos until the very end, so I downgraded my heels. The highest everyday heel I wear is 2", so I wore 1.5" for my wedding. I admit it, they weren't killer heels, but they're so comfortable that I could dance, walk and go around meeting guests all night long. I can go on and on about wedding tips since I work in the bridal industry and have been writing a lot of articles about useful wedding tips.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,8/11/2013,132,315,24,28,23>"People will stare.  Make it worth their while."There are several problems with me laying out in the real sun:1.  I'm vain:  I can't afford to give myself any more wrinkles than I already have.2.  I fear cancer:  I put broccoli in my breakfast smoothie every single day in hopes of fighting it.3.  I'm too busy:  Ain't nobody got time for that.Marissa made me feel perfectly comfy with stripping down to my skivvies and being sprayed with "medium": A (nearly) all natural bronzing concoction that smells nice and apparently she came up with.  She explained that around 20-30% of her clientele are male, and that business is booming every day all the way up until closing (9pm).  I'm not surprised.  The whole process took about 5 minutes, and girls where already telling me that I looked good before I left the building.  Okay, so they work there, but nevertheless..There are several tips listed on the website, and even if you think this is a simple process, I highly recommend going there to review them anyway, because they're essential for a successful tan.  This includes managing your natural fade over time (around 7-10 days).The big ones include:BEFORE:Shower and exfoliate right before going to get your tan, and don't put on deodorant.  Also, wear dark, loose fitting clothes.AFTER:Plan on moisturizing your whole body (if you don't already do so) at least once a day.The regular cost is only $25 (I also tipped $5).  Well worth the look I got, and even cheaper than most Groupons that I've seen for other places.  Their website makes it SUPER easy to book an appointment, and you don't even have to create an account.  They're located in one of the small shops in the strip behind the Helm (I didn't know there were shops back there either, but there are).Recommended!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,8/10/2013,587,527,15,21,15>Vinyl Is BACK, and in a BIG way people!!! If I had a choice, I would choose vinyl then having CD's. Since I'm an 80's child, that is what I grew up on. I remember my mom teaching me how to put the record on the player and to gently place the needle onto the record. I loved the crackle and pop the records would make before the music would start. However, as I grew older records became less popular, and CD's took over. Poor vinyl it was shoved aside and forgotten about, until now!I was excited to learn that Santa Ana had its very own record store and word on the street was that they carried lot of old school punk and other favorites! I made a vow to stop by whenever I was in the area, but never had the time to actually stop in and have a peek around. Until one beautiful Friday afternoon, I was in the area and decided to stop by and check out this awesome place! Geoff, the owner is way rad! This dude is not only super friendly, but knows his stuff about music and vinyl. His store is awesome and stocked with plenty of great music. My first visit was everything I expected. Drooling over the vinyl that I wanted and getting to finally order my replacement Misfit t-shirt!Prices at Geoff's store are not bad either. Most vinyl shops are charging way too much for music (hello Urban outfitters is selling new vinyl for up to $20.00, super crazy). Hip Hip Hooray vinyl is here to stay!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,8/9/2013,1193,763,22,28,26>Screw the Teriyaki!I come to Rascals for the gravy!Located in Long Beach, Rascals Teriyaki Grill is known for their chicken or steak Teriyaki bowls. Their also known for their fabulous Chinese chicken salad. While I think their Teriyaki combos are good I think their chicken and gravy plate is AMAZING, especially when you substitute the white rice for brown.  yelp.com/biz_photos/rasc…The chicken is juicy and flavorful, the gravy is thick and rich and the brown rice is perfectly cooked. I LOVE this combo. It's simple and delicious. Perfect meal on a cold day. I also always get a Chinese chicken salad and add sliced avocado. This salad is always fresh and tasty. Their chicken gravy deluxe plate comes with the Chinese chicken salad. It's my favorite combo on their menu. And what's awesome is how HUGE this combo is. It could easily feed two people. Check this place out if you live in or around the LBC. It's awesome. Trust me.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/8/2013,940,332,36,46,42>Pan Roast in the OC!!!!! Woot! Woot!Doesn't get much better than this folks!Located in the recently euthanized Pat a Chou Bakery location in a small shopping center off MacArthur, this Cajun style new comer is a welcome addition to the South Coast Metro dining scene.Luckily, I dodged the grand opening and avoided a grueling 45 minute wait! Whew!As soon as I stepped up to the restaurant, the friendly hostess opened up the door to warmly greet me and without a moment to spare, we were seated with menus in tow.The interior was full of energy with gritty blues music playing in the background, a bustling steam kettle bar packed with hungry peeps grubbing away and a rustic yet contemporary dining area that made me feel like I was smack dab in the middle of the French Quarter!Soon after we made our orders, the chef stopped by to say hello. After some friendly banter, we realized he was one of  the original chefs that started the famous Oyster Bar in Vegas. Now if you've never tried Oyster Bar or Steam Kettle Cooking, you are definitely missing out! Give the house pan roast a whirl! Now, how can i describe it. It's sort of a twist on creamy tomato bisque and hearty seafood chowder. Whatever you call it, it will definitely be life changing!Truth be told, the most comforting news about Ritters opening in Santa Ana is that I don't need to trek out to Palace Station in the desert anymore. And that news makes this Yelper a very happy clam :)But proof was in the pudding, or should I say the pan roast. That being said, the chef offered to stop by after we got our orders to see what we thought about the food.The king crab cocktail was alright, the molasses bacon wrapped shrimp was phenomenal and the house pan roast was heavenly! I ordered a level 5 (on the spicy meter) out of ten and it was perfect! I tacked on extra chicken and sausage and the first bite was tangy, robust, perfectly spicy and insanely good! Every bite after that was simply decadence. Each heaping spoonful was packed with generous portions of juicy sausage, flavorful chicken, succulent shrimp, flaky crab meat, buttery lobster, and more!  It didn't take long before my large bowl was wiped squeaky clean with the complimentary bread rolls and, believe it or not, i was contemplating seconds!When the chef stopped by, my mouth was still full but I gave him two big thumbs way up! The newly appointed staff was friendly and helpful, albeit a bit green, but they got an A for effort.  Overall, I had a fantastic first experience and who knows, with grub this good I might venture out to try the chef's other favorites like the étouffée, gumbo and jambalaya. Yum!Until then,Happy Eats!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/7/2013,1059,357,38,47,40>I finally made it to Pieology thanks to the closer, new location in the Irvine Spectrum.  This is pizza done your way fast a la Subway or Chipotle assembly line style. yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…  I like the fact you can put as little or as much as you want on a pizza.  If you feel like two different kinds of pizza you can split your pizza in half as far as ingredients go, also.On their menu, there are pizza choices with sauce and toppings already created, if you don't feel like making any tough decisions.  I opted to go with the #5 which is mozzarella, parmesan, tomatoes, fresh basil, garlic, olive oil and then chose to add bacon, sausage, artichokes, mushrooms, olives, basil and onion. yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…  Yes, I got a little excited about all the toppings ;) All this on a fairly ample-sized personal pizza for $7.50.  After you have decided on all your pizza ingredients, they place it in the super hot oven and it is ready in five minutes because of its thin crust. yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo… You can custom make your pizza building it with all your own ingredients, too. yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…Other options for your pizza are red sauce, herb butter, pepperoni, chicken, meatball, ricotta, gorgonzola, ham, green peppers, cilantro, jalapenos, pineapple.   They are also ingredients you can put on after baking such as roasted red peppers, pesto, BBQ sauce, extra virgin olive oil, dollops of red sauce and black pepper.  This place is unfortunately not too big and gets crowded fast. yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo… There is seating inside and on the patio outside.  My pie was big enough to have leftovers the next day which reheated nicely in the oven.   I really enjoyed my Pieology experience and look forward to creating more custom pizzas in the future.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,8/6/2013,2022,408,18,23,26>My first impression was, "I heard this was the best place to get Thai in Orange County..."Thai Nakorn, just rolls off your tongue so easy. This little Thai joint is nestled in an empty block of Garden Grove Blvd. With the exterior that looks sort of unfinished, you wouldn't expect the parties of people gathering around the long tables enjoying authentic Thai food inside. As soon as you walk in, there is an open layout of community tables and booths. The servers are busy running around left and right as they dash to serve their customers. The food here comes out really quickly, as soon as you order.Initially, we saw that they were understaffed on this particular Saturday night. However, once we got a hold of a waiter, he immediately apologized for the 20 or so minute wait to take our order, offered us free sides, and our food came out instantly. Overall, even with a bit of a wait in the beginning, the service was good.We ordered the Pad-Thai, which you really can't go wrong with at a Thai restaurant. With that said, the Pad-Thai at Thai Nakorn is probably the best Pad-Thai I've ever had, alongside Sanamluang in NoHo. Also, we ordered the Chinese Water Grass (water crest in a soybean curd sauce) and Tom Kha (sweet and sour soup with coconut milk) which were both great sides with our noodles and rice. The Tom Kha was so rich, flavorful, and delicious, full of vegetables and chicken and definitely a hit to our taste buds.The lasting impression? "It's hard to compare with some of the best Thai restaurants in Thai Towns of LA and the Valley, however, it's definitely our new go-to place for Thai food in OC! Great for new-Thai-mers."
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,8/5/2013,412,769,52,60,57>Katie S. recommended I try this place(even though she doesn't have a review!).  My friend and I used to eat at Flame Broiler for our Teriyaki fix but due to inconsistent meat quality and mediocre service we got tired of it and moved on to Yogi's.  Yogi's was great until they started putting out frozen onions, ginger, and jalapenos and served us food growing fuzzy mold on it.  Now we eat at Waba which honestly is pretty boring.  It's consistent and the meat is good quality but it's missing something in the flavor department.Tikiyaki is far from my work.  We have just enough time to drive here, eat, and get back to work.  We came here last Friday in order to try the "Volcano shrimp" due to the fact it's a unique menu item I haven't seen anywhere else.  Yogi's and Waba have shrimp bowls but they seem like a boring after thought.  Here at Tikiyaki it's the star of the show.  This bowl of heavenly delight was so good all we could do is talk about how good it was for the remainder of our work day.  We were like two cackling hens clucking on and on about the perfectly cooked mountain of shrimp, the sweet yet slightly spicy sauce that's almost like a sweet & sour sauce, the brown rice cooked to the perfect texture,the fact there's no extra charge for brown rice, and the thick cut green onions.  It was such a delicious meal.My friend and I enjoyed our meal so much on Friday we came back Monday to take advantage of the $5.55 lunch special.  You get your choice of teriyaki grilled chicken veggie bowl or their version of an orange chicken bowl called "tropical chicken" and a 22oz fountain drink.  White or brown rice.  After ordering the teriyaki veggie bowl I assumed it was going to be a tiny skimpy bowl given the fact it's a very good price.  What was brought out to us was a bowl overflowing into a heaping mound of chicken and veggies.  There's no skimping on the protein here.  It wasn't a ton of cabbage topped with skimpy chicken... no....  it was a shi*tload of chicken on top of a modest amount of cabbage, broccoli, carrots, and brown rice.  Unlike waba's boring chicken that needs to be doused in sauce the chicken here was very flavorful on it's own and cooked perfectly.  Not a single gristly piece to be found.  The owner gave us as squeeze bottle of his habanero teriyaki sauce to try.  I didn't find it spicy but I liked the habenero infused flavor making my taste buds happy.The owner Mark is a cool guy.  He's funny and very friendly.  I also like all the tiki themed art.  Any place with a flaming tiki playing electric guitar has promise.Come on folks, give this place a shot.  It's very tasty and that volcano shrimp will make you fall in love with Tikiyaki.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,8/4/2013,788,88,22,30,28>UHHHHH-MAY-ZING.I could probably list endless adjectives to describe this fabulous gem, but I'll stick with 3 D's: Delectable, delightful, and delicious.Let me just start by saying they make 100% raw, organic, and vegan desserts/treats. Their slogan is: "Home of sustainable chocolate". It's so awesome I want to cry tears of joy.  I've been here twice in a span of a few days, and I think I've already tried half of what they offer. I HIGHLY recommend getting the apple pie and s'more. I have no idea how they come up with these genius ways of making it taste better than the "real" thing, or should I say the traditional way of making it--but they are great at what they do.I also recommend the cookie dream filled chocolates, it's a little like cookies and cream but creamier and richer. I also like their caramel-filled monkey bars. And the hemp flavored ones are so nice and savory. It's jam-packed with superfoods such as maca, mesquite, cacao, etc. They use natural coconut sugars to sweeten things up. I'm so glad I can can just drive a few mins to satisfy my sweet tooth without the guilt, on top of giving my body a boost of nutrients and antioxidants. I love both the owners and I will definitely continue to support them 100%. They also offer a 15% off if you check in! :)Ps. They have the cutest packaging ever...another reason for you guys to check out the psychedelicatessen right away!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/3/2013,153,221,16,18,12>Let me tread as lightly as possible here. I have laid down 5 stars on a barber many times. The truth is simply, you can be anywhere when you realize you need a haircut. I did do a simple Yelp search and this place showed up in the radius. The reviews, a 5 star average were suspect. So, I thought okay so 25 are by their friends and family but hey that leaves at least 20 plus more. Okay so on to the "meat" without my usual(if not useless) ramblings.I had a rare weekday off today and wanted some "me time." I had a very minor surgery but was written out for the day. I did a proximity search for barbers where I was and opted for Elite Barbers. Simply walked in and waited a few minutes and I limped up to the chair. Ismael was my barber.I described what I wanted: "#3 all around, no stupid fades, no lines or steps, super clean around the eyes, boxed in the back; not tapered." I was scared, did he get all that. He started immediately with the razors, then the scissors. He was very slow and deliberate with the scissors. I was not use to this. I'm used to the Edward Scissorhand fists of fury type speed. I was like "oh no!"  You see, my glasses were removed...no preview.....just a blur. The end was a straight razor down the sideburns and the back of the neck.  I love this part. Now this was a "rare weekday off" the wife and kids in tow; killing the zen but damn they're so beautiful to watch. This sparked some small talk with my barber about kids and that was cool. I don't care for much of this. I like to zone out and enjoy the bliss. In the end, I am going on record and saying this is my favorite haircut of all time.This young guy side-swiped me with how good of a job he did. So symmetrical and precise; catering to my OCD leanings. Quiet and sheepish like Kwai Chang Caine; delivering the death blow with a ninja star. Do I sound thrilled? I did exactly what I said I wouldn't. I have "snatched the pebbles" from master's hand. It is time for me to leave.  Bravo! my new scissored friend-super clean place--big screen TV's--take cc--$15(starting 4/1)
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/2/2013,695,694,12,16,14>I came for cosmic bowling which starts at 11pm (at least for Saturday). Sign ups begin at 10:30pm and it fills up fast. The pricing is $18 p/p with $4 for shoes. The music was pretty nice all night, they had a dj/emcee that was hosting a bowling competition among some of the lanes... got a little distracting to have to hear his voice most of the night (I might be bitter because our lane didn't get picked to participate). Drinks from the bar were dirt cheap (Washington apples were the drink of choice, each hefty shot was $5). They have karaoke going on and everyone seems to be into it. Free popcorn at the bar? I'm there.There is a hilarious laser maze available that is designed for kids. You basically are Katherine Zeta Jones in Entrapment and you have to get through this dark room without touching any of these laser beams. Seems a little overpriced for $3 for about 1-2 minutes of going through the maze. Even so, get one of your friends to do it and you are bound to have laughs as you watch them on the TV screen crawl and react to the blaring sounds of alarms when they mess up.What is it about bowling alley French fries that are so delicious? Get it (just make sure you eat with one hand and bowl with the other). I enjoyed it- I'm sure the drinks helped. Can't say I would come back for 'regular' bowling, seems a little drab and boring after going to cosmic.P.S. my phone had like 0 reception/internet connectivity inside!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,8/29/2012,2085,908,28,28,17>One year later and I am still addicted. I am a Shabu Shabu Bar _____. Everyone I introduce to this place falls in love! And guaranteed, you will fall in love too... Simple Steps to a Perfect Meal at Shabu Shabu Bar1) Check in and redeem your 12 free shots of sake. If there's a wait, (which there usually is after 6pm) might as well enjoy 12 shots of sake on the house!2) If it's Tuesday, yell 69 BABY before you order to get the buy one get one 69% off deal. If it's Wednesday, yell HUMP DAY to get the buy one get one 50% off. If it's the weekend, don't go during lunch time cuz it's closed!3) You cannot go wrong with Wagyu/Kobe/etc.... OBVIOUSLY. But if you're ballin on a budget like me: RIBEYE. Each plate comes with a plate of veggies & a bowl of bottomless brown/white rice.4) Grind up your sesame seeds and if you can take the heat, ask for hot drops. I usually get about 5-6 in each but that's only because I'm a psycho that drinks sriracha on the regular (half kidding). Usually, 1-2 in each is more than enough. 5) Add a spoon full of garlic into each sauce (or more if you're obsessed with garlic like me!) Add helllaaa green onions to both sauces too. 6) I don't like adding too much to my water. Just a little bit of garlic and green onions and it's ready to go. I guess a little soy sauce too if you want but I don't think it's necessary.7) Did your friend check in? CHECK IN and get 12 more shots. 8) Save your udon noodles and a few veggies for the end of your meal!!! Let the water boil and dump your veggies in and let them boil for however long you want. BUT for the meat, swish one piece at a time rather than dumping them all in and letting them overcook. 9) Ask your waiter/waitress to make your soup for you... trust me if you try to make it yourself it will taste like shit compared to what they will do. BOMB.10) Did your other friend check in? CHECK IN and get 12 more shots.The staff is amazing and accommodating and they do all they can to make sure you leave very satisfied and happy. For me, this involves making sure I have plenty to drink LOL. THANK YOU SHABU BAR for being my happy place! :) haha. My faaaaaaaaaaaaaavorite restaurant, hands down... HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,8/28/2012,940,332,54,61,57>I'm crazy about breakfast again!Namely the killer enchilada eggs at Café Cup!Now if y'all know me, you'll know I'm a sucker for ooey gooey cheesy enchiladas. Combine that with my favorite meal of the day (that being breakfast) And you've got a match made in breakfast heaven! After a very successful first run at The Cafe Cup, I decided to give it a second try before writing my official review. So I after a work out at 24 Hour Fitness in the same plaza, my buddy and I headed on over for some much needed post-gym morning grubbin'!Coming on a weekend can be a bit of a bear though, so I recommend sitting at the counter to reduce the obnoxiously long queue. Yup, this place is pretty popular already so be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes on a weekend.Despite the hungry crowds gaping into the storefront, the staff remained cool, collected and friendly!  That's an attitude anyone can appreciate!As luck would have it, we scored a seat at the counter since the folks ahead of us opted to wait for a booth. Truth be told, I really enjoy sitting at the counter cuz you get to share friendly banter with the sweet ladies and they're always full of kind & friendly words, which IMO makes the meal that much better!Now if you don't already know, Cafe Cup is a fledgling spin-off of the acclaimed Coffee Cup Cafe , which has been serving up delicious "belly busting" breakfasts in the LBC for years!  Fortunately for us South OC foodies, they decided to open a sister restaurant, albeit a bit smaller but certainly not lacking in incredibly good eats! And did I mention the fresh cinnamon rolls? These fragrant, sweet and buttery treats are an excellent finale to any satisfying meal here and FYI: they don't serve cinnamon rolls at the original location either! (At least that's what the lady behind the counter told me)  Now I'm feeling special folks ;)Onto the grub:Enchiliada Eggs with a side of cottage cheese - Whoah!!!! Just looking at the plate made me drool profusely and as soon as I took a bite, I remembered why I loved this dish so darn much! Filled with fluffy scrambled eggs, gooey melty cheese and topped with a generous serving of spicy enchilada sauce, green and red peppers and a dollop of cool sour cream, each bite was sheer heaven! Seriously, I must have heard violins every time I scooped up a gooey mouthful of that awesomely delicious enchilada! Outrageously good and highly recommended! Believe it or not, the side of cottage cheese was a terrific side and a healthy option to the usual fried potatoes that typically come with the dish.Chicken Chile Verde - Wowzers!!! This super spicy number was BIG on spice but even bigger on flavor!!!! Honestly, even the sweat rapidly beating on my forehead couldn't stop me from finishing this incredibly flavorful omelette. The tender seasoned chicken, luscious cheese and spicy green chile sauce created an unparalleled flavor combination that simply knocked my socks off! Good stuff! Be warned though, this sucker is HOT and definitely not for whimps.  Blueberry pancakes - Stuffed with loads of fresh blueberries, it's tough to not get a burst of blueberry flavor in each and every bite. The warm fluffy pancakes were simply delicious and a welcome accompaniment to our breakfast.Throughout our meal, the ladies constantly checked on us and kept our coffees topped off, what more could you ask for? I know, seconds right?Keep in mind, it's CASH ONLY but don't fret folks, there's a handy ATM inside if you're short of loot.  Overall, my second outing here was fantastic and it's safe to say the Cafe Cup is a sure fire winner for affordable breakfast fare that is both delicious and absolutely satisfying! Tack on the cozy atmosphere and friendly service and you' ve got yourself a happy Yelper! I'm actually looking forward to trying more of their creative twists on Mexican- American style breakfast! And given my experience thus far, I know the surprises will most definitely be pleasant!Happy Eats!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,8/27/2012,427,105,27,31,31>Mastro's is one of those restaurants that you probably won't dine at every night - unless you have an unlimited budget - but it is so very worth every penny of the bill when you go for that special dinner. The food is unbelievably good. The filet mignon will melt in your mouth. You would no more need a steak knife to cut it than you would for butter. If you like lobster - even a little - you MUST try the lobster mashed potatoes. They are heaven on earth. When you make reservations ( and DO make reservations - they are always packed ), ask for a table with an ocean view. The absolute best is to make the reservations for just before sunset. Order a glass of wine - or a bottle from their extensive wine list - and an appetizer and just sit and take in the sunset, wine and delicious food and know what it is to feel incredibly blessed.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,8/26/2012,1002,451,20,29,27>One of my favorite Shabu places! Upstairs in Diamond Jamboree Plaza next to The Balcony Grill & Bar. Customer service: 5 stars! Always have super friendly workers and they always make sure everything is good. If you need something, any of the waiters/waitresses will help you. They don't say the usual - let me get your server. They will help you with a smile and get it done QUICK even if they have a full house!Wait time - can get pretty long but worth the wait! Stop by 85 degree bakery to kill time. LOVE their pastries.Cleanliness - very clean. The seats and tables are not sticky and very clean. Restrooms were kept clean all the time. Food - LOVE the egg dip sauce for the meat. Mostly because I love eggs but the Sukiyaki sauce is sweet and delicious! Veggies are very fresh and they give you plenty. In the water broth for the veggies, I would put in garlic, soy sauce, red chili oil and a drop of hot oil.  I always get the Angus Ribeye with Sukiyaki. The sukiyaki is perfect with the udon later too. They also have Fondue but I haven't tried it yet. Always SUPER full after the Shabu.Drinks - Love their Sake. They have lots of different options! We ordered the biggest bottle they had and it was very smooth. They have Bud light and Kirin on Tap I believe. We always order the Kirin.Whenever I am craving for the Egg Dip sauce with my Shabu, I will come here. Great food, wonderful workers and lots of good happy hours! Monday and Tuesdays ALL day is buy 1 entree get 2nd 40% off.Happy Hour - 5PM-6:30PM everyday - cheap appetizers, beer and sakes.They also have a lunch menu that is decently priced!Check out my Video review of this place too! youtu.be/eVBFs8js2QY?hd=1
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,8/25/2012,1723,545,16,22,21>i always go on an indian food binge at haveli for work day lunch and thus always return to work with severe indian buffet food comaaa .  haveli offers a great variety of dishes for their lunch buffet.  my personal favorites are:  chicken korma (with uuber tender chicken), mushroom masala (new item that i just discovered today), veggie korma (generous amt of veggie).  they added this new bread and curry thing in the front of the buffet line and ohmahgaw it was delicious.  make sure you request for garlic naan :)post curry binge you gotta go for the dessert binge.  i love it when i come on days they have kheer (rice pudding).  xl bowl for me, please!  don't feel like being adventurous with indian desserts?  you can always stick to the fresh orange and watermelon slices :)great service!  they make sure empty plates and bowls steer clear of your way for more plates.  they refill naans and drinks in a timely manner.  for $7.99 (with coupon), i think i might have to make this a weekly binge ritual.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,8/23/2012,4561,468,25,33,28>Milky Way, all the way!Golden Papaya is a boba/coffee/shaved ice/shaved snow/froyo hangout.  Kids, tweeners and the older folks (alas, like me) can sip their sugary concoctions at the various tables or the comfy couches.  Free WiFi for the hipster, smartphone/Ipad/Mac crowd.  There are even 2 computer stations for internet surfing, although they weren't operational at the time.  A flat screen TV is available for your viewing pleasure and there are also card games on hand, in case you have the urge to have a riveting game of UNO.  The Milky Way slushie is really rich & decadent w/ ingredients such as flan, caramel & chocolate syrup.  A diabetic's nightmare, but really, really good.  Going along great with it is the popcorn chicken.  How can you not like fried morsels of chicken dipped in sweet & sour chili sauce?  I had the opportunity to sample the jasmine milk tea, and the aroma of jasmine permeated my senses.  I must try their shaved snow w/ real fruit.  It looked like the perfect treat on a hot day like today.I enjoyed my Milky Way slushie & popcorn chicken here at Golden Papaya.  I recommend coming here to relax, surf the net and sip an icy cold sweet drink.  Don't forget an order of popcorn chicken, as well.NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,8/22/2012,231,963,19,22,21>Hunks of Burning Awesomeness!BF and I came here for dinner tonight. It's located in a very small center and the parking lot is tiny so we had to park on the street. The restaurant itself is also quite small and we were lucky to get a table, as they were packed.We ordered the Hunks of Burning Love appetizer and a Pepperoni Pizza to share. The hunks were up first. I never say OMG, but really, OMG. Delicious! Little baked balls of pizza dough stuffed with bacon, tomatoes and cream cheese. I could have eaten those all night. They come in orders of three or five. We got three, we should have gotten five. Next time!The pizza was out shortly after the hunks. This is a very thin crust, a little greasy, but I like some grease. Everything was great, tasted super fresh. We finished the pizza without taking any home. It was that good.We will definitely be back here soon. I can't wait to try some of their other pizzas, appetizers, and sandwiches! Added bonus, this place is super cheap! Dinner for the two of us was $18, which included my Green Tea and his beer.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,8/21/2012,724,1126,10,15,14>This is a great concept. Having to taste your wine before you actually buy it. It's not a real bar per se. It's more of wine store, like a quickie mart but with an area designated for just wine tasting.So you get the best of both worlds of buying your snacks and getting your daily necessities from a typical mini-store to getting a taste of several wines while enjoying some cheese and conversing with the owner Julie.Again, Julie is so personable and down to earth. I was tasting the wine by myself but she made some time out of her busy wine stocking job to engage some conversation with me. She is definitely there to help the customer. But customer service wasn't really her focus. She was more of a friend when she talks with you so you even feel more comfortable as you enjoy some of their wine.You can bring food too if you want. Sure they have macarons and cheese, and some complimentary crackers, but don't hesitate to bring in your favorite dish to compliment your wine.And whether you are a wine aficionado or a total rock like myself, Julie is there providing guidance on wine etiquette. You will learn a lot from her. She gives good recommendations of restaurants in the Orange County as well.There are many events that she hosts throughout the year so keep your eyes open, including some blind taste testing too. Also, check in and use your Yelp app as there are random specials that she offers.I'll definitely coming back and bring some friends over as well.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2012,8/20/2012,1261,696,25,29,30>Another Zeela D. and Lily A. food adventure. Mezza is located in the south street plaza in Cerritos, across the street from the mall. It looks like a small little restaurant from the outside, but inside is actually really nice. I love the decor and all the murals on the wall. It really gave a mediterranean feel! The service from front house to server was excellent. No complaints there. The chicken and beef shawarma caught my eye right away. Love me some shawarma. However, the chicken shawarma was extremely dry! No garlic sauce was strong enough to mask the dryness of the chicken. I did get a bite of Zeela D's gyro and that was pretty tasty. So if I were to return I'd get something else on the menu. Not shawarma....there's other places that make way better shawarma. Oh and buy one entree get one free that evening. Just make sure you check your receipt because our server forgot about it.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,8/19/2012,421,300,11,15,14>While there is ordinarily no redeeming qualities about being called into jury duty, I finally found something that makes it somewhat worthwhile.  Well, as long as you're reporting to the Santa Ana Courts.  I've had Mil Jugos on my bookmarks for almost half a year now and I finally got an opportunity to give it a try last week while I was performing my civic duties...womp womp womp...  Anyway, it was definitely the best part of the day.  The Food:Passion fruit juice - Nothing about the name of this sounds all that great.  Nothing fancy, right?  Well, don't let the simple name fool you.  This has to be one of the best freshly prepared juices I've ever had.  It was tart, sweet, and gosh darn tasty!  If you like passion fruit even a little bit, this is definitely worth it.Pabellon arepa - This amazing little pocket filled with shredded beef, beans, and cheese was sooo good.  The bread, made from corn, was a thing to marvel.  It was somehow fluffy and dense all at the same time.  Yea, I know that sounds impossible but it just was, ok?  What?  Are you calling me a liar?  Well, if you do't believe me, you're just gonna have to try it for yourself, punk beeyotch!  Anyway, this steamy little pocket filled with beef was excellently seasoned with just a touch of heat and with just a little bit of beans and some nice crumbly queso to top it all off, it was DE-LI-CIOUS!  Oh, and don't forget to top it all of with the two amazing green sauces that they give you.  The chunkier one definitely packs a bit of heat but it burns so good.Cachada con queso blanco - Uh...honestly, this is the BOMB.  Or maybe I should say esta es la BOMBA!  Serio!  How can I describe this thing.  It's this pancake made from a sweet corn batter and filled with cheese.  The sweet and the salty of this delectable pancake is so well-balanced and it kind of reminds me of the little scoop of corn thing that they serve at El Torito but a gazillion times better.  Despite the fact that I was getting pretty darn full half-way through this pancake, I just couldn't stop myself from eating it.  The Service:I heart the owner of Mil Jugos.  I wish I would have caught her name but she was such a sweetheart!  When I asked her for some recommendations she was so helpful in telling me all of the most popular items on the menu.  She came back  to show me how I should approach eating the arepa because I'm sure I had a bit of a confounded look on my face as I tried to peel away the paper and foil.  She also checked on me several times to ask me how everything was and she even spent some time explaining to me how everything was prepared and how her mother makes everything.  It's this kind of passion for the food that totally makes it worthwhile to eating at a restaurant like Mil Jugos.  While it took me half a year to get this restaurant off my bookmarks, it definitely won't take me half a year to come back.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,1/2/2011,1027,405,23,23,24>Hot Vit Lon (fetal duck egg) can be a hard sell to eat especially if you look at what you're eating.  A poor innocent duck who is not fully developed, yet you can see parts of it forming.  Ah, so with that in mind...DO NOT look at what you are eating.I used to be grossed out by this, because I am an animal lover, and I couldn't bare to see the poor innocent duckling like this...but over time, I have grown to love it.  Located in a busy strip mall close to ABC Supermarket and Bank of America, in close proximity of a Van's Bakery and various Vietnamese hole in the walls...you may miss this place, but if you just step back, and read the sign that has Hot Vit Lon, then you're at the right place.  With the popularity of quan nhaus (Vietnamese drinking restaurants with small plates of food), and them serving this...it has become more hip to eat.Baby duck egg...how do you eat it?  Well, you have to boil it, and then you start on the head side (you can tell by looking at the egg and picking the top that isn't as white).  You then tap the top with a spoon and form a hole, remove the eggshells, and then add some salt, pepper for taste whenever you go for a bite.  There's a lot of juice in the egg that is really flavorful.  So please don't waste it and drink up.  Also, it tastes great with rau ram (Vietnamese coriander)--a perfect compliment.  The white albumen on the bottom is tough to eat and I don't recommend eating it.  You might chip a tooth...Filipinos commonly call this balut.   Just  a tip, remember not to stare at what you're eating if the duck is developed and you can see limbs, eyes, feathers forming...it may cause you to vomit.  But do give it a chance, and at least if you don't like it, at least you can say you ate a baby duck egg.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,1/1/2011,1018,364,31,19,17>I remember when $3 movies were a buck and you could walk in without turning your body away from the ticket attendant, sheepishly avoiding eye contact, to hide the six pack of beer and Taco Bell bag under your arm... back in the day before Jackie Chan sold out and made that movie with the more annoying Wilson brother and when I still ate taco Bell. (ew)A movie at the Regency will set you back three bucks, not one but it's still better than the $50 loan you have to take out to see a movie at Edwards. I mean, really - two tickets are $26 plus two medium popcorns and two medium drinks for $24.50. That's $50!!! And there's some twit kicking my seat, talking on their cell phone, putting their stinky cheese feet on the seat next to me or having a convo THIS LOUD with their fellow moviegoer. Which is madness. Who can afford a $50 headache anymore that isn't the result of Happy Hour(--ssss)...   This is why I favor Netflix, my ROKU, and eating snacks from my couch... or if I feel like venturing out - a movie in its 4th run at the Regency. Plus, it's really dark in there. I mean SUPER. Infrared goggles will not help you. I think I was sitting on someone's lap. I must have. The seats don't vibrate do they? Ew, that sounded dirty. What I meant to say was... you can wait 30 minutes for your eyes to adjust and you'll still be waiting 30 minutes after that. Never happens. BLINK.[...an hour passes...] BLINK. Still can't see a damn thing. And I kinda like that.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/31/2010,859,701,13,20,15>This place is fantastic. My review is overdue. Our friend Kat L. is the one who told us about SideDoor and her invite is the reason for my review. The service here is delightful. I enjoy it when the waiters and servers know the menu and are charming and helpful.At a place like this there is often wait time. How handy that SideDoor has a pub style bar that you can wait at and from which you can order drinks. This makes for a pleasant wait. The dinner is worth waiting for, in my opinion.Our plentiful order can be summarized as: Fish and Chips (excellent), meat and cheese plate (so good), macaroni and cheese (sumptuous, made with gorgonzola cheese), prime rib chili cheese fries (delicious) and various drinks (lemonade, water, Guinness). When you are being served by a waiter who is able to tell you about the menu items and expertly answer questions about the menu, it is fantastic. My description of our ample order might be missing some items; I really have to review restaurants quickly after I try them. I am looking forward to Tom T and Kat L's reviews on this restaurant - I know their reviews are going to shed more light on the entire experience. A message to my friend who accompanies me to some of the restaurants I Yelp including this one: please join Yelp soon! I want to read your reviews, especially on this one. I want to know what you think about the experience. In closing, I recommend this gastropub. They have valet parking for a reasonable price and street parking as well.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,12/30/2010,769,374,17,17,16>Definition of Valhalla (via Wikipedia): a majestic, enormous hall located in Asgard, ruled over by the god Odin. Chosen by Odin, half of those that die in combat travel to Valhalla upon death, led by valkyries, while the other half go to the goddess Freyja's field Fólkvangr.Yup that's exactly what you'll experience at Valhalla, just swap out Asgard for Costa Mesa, and subtract the whole dying thing, and being led by Valkyries. Instead, replace it with "my S2000 (your car)", and you've got the Valhalla experience. I just suggest doing some of the Belgium fries togo (p.s. the Belgiums appreciate getting their due credit for the fries) because if you're one of the unlucky half that go to Fólkvangr, just make sure you get some mango curry mayo and garlic aioli dipping sauce to go with it. They might not have it where you're going.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,12/29/2010,783,765,21,29,21>2 Pastor Tacos1 Carnitas Taco1 Asada Taco1 Pollo Torta2 Pineapple Juices$5.00.Whoaoaoaoa?!?!?!What a deal! And the tacos are tasty! They are small - but they are filling and topped with spicy carrot goodness.This is the OG version of the new school food trucks. Taking back to the old school - cause I'm an old fool ...No but seriously you need to check this truck out. Super nice guy behind the counter. Radishes, carrots, and peppers at your disposal.The downside is a limited menu (tacos and tortas only), no seating (just eat in your car or get it to go), no water available (BYOW), and this is the slater slums. If you don't know what the slater slums are you will figure it out by coming here.Adios!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/28/2010,939,379,15,24,18>The girls and I wanted something different and decided to go kayaking on a Saturday morning. We arrived at 11am and rented single kayaks. Single kayaks were $14/hr while doubles were $20/hr. People were friendly and helped us with getting our life jackets and our kayaks onto the bay. The water over in Newport was very calm unless a speed boat or something faster than a kayak (which is everything) goes by and that would cause miniature waves but nothing that will flip you over. Well at least I didn't get flipped. You kayak around the bay while enjoying the scenery. You get to look at people's home and their yachts and wishing that you owned the house with the yacht and the cute shirtless boy that cleaned your yacht. The first 30 minutes was a breeze. It was after that 30 minutes and going onto the hour that killed my arms. So if you're like me and have very little upper body strength don't kayak too far. Unfortunately we did kayak far. After a grueling battle we made it to shore and the center asks that you wash the kayak before putting them back onto the rack. When we got back to shore there were a lot of people around and they would just take your kayak and then there was no need to wash it. If it did need washing there's someone there to help. I suggest that you go early if you want doubles because I noticed that they had a shortage on doubles and people were waiting around for them. Lots of fun and will definitely go back.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,12/27/2010,412,769,37,34,29>After reading Eugine Y's review of this place I had to try it!  Plus you have to love the name of this place!  It's in the same parking lot as Au Lac and proves the point you can't judge a book (or restaurant) by it's cover. From the outside it looks very uninviting with it faded sign and windowless entrance. Walk inside the air conditioned restaurant and you're instantly welcomed by one of the friendliest owners ever! Kenny who reminds me of the Kung Fu master turtle in "Kung Fu Panda" said cheerily "Hello there!!! You are my first customers of the day and this makes me very happy! Welcome!". Donna and I shared the orange chicken and Mongolian beef. Since it was off the lunch menu we had a choice of egg drop soup or hot/sour soup, egg roll, and steamed or fried rice. I had the hot and sour soup and it was delicious. It actually had a tiny kick of heat to it and was definitely sour. The eggroll was cooked fresh and very crispy. It was stuffed with veggies. The meat here is such good quality. The orange chicken was all white meat with zero gristle or fat and the beef was as tender as good be. The orange chicken tasted wonderfully tangy. This isn't the deep fried battered version you get at a fast food place, just a nicely wok fried chicken. My only issue is it's just chicken and sauce. Would be nice with some veggies. Kenny let us know he'll make any dish any way we want. We want veggies next time we just ask. The beef was tossed with green onions and I loved the dish. I can't really think how to describe the flavor but whatever the beef was marinated in was delicious. Fried rice decent. What blew my mind about this place was a table of two walked in and a group of 16. Not only did every staff member here know every single customer's name (even the take out customers) but was even asking about people who were missing from the group! The owner was genuine friendly too, nothing fake about this guy. I've said it before, it's customer service like this that will make me a repeat customer. I love doing business with places who care enough about their customers to show it.My favorite part of the meal was a lady walked in to pick up an order... Owner: Hello! How are you? Lady: I'm fine! How are you? Owner: *long pause* Hello! How are you? Guess you had to be there but I almost spit out my drink.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,12/24/2010,280,248,13,24,16>After having the same bed for 11 years and Mr. D with so much back pain, we thought it was time to think about buying a new Cali King bed but to tell the truth - there are sooo many stores out there with just as many "stories" to go with them...I mean, come on... I don't want to pay a couple of grand for a bed just to pay off someones commercial they just did only to find out after a week that it really isn't that great and I just spent a bloody fortune on it! So we did like everyone else.....we put it off. We put it off so long that we were both waking up every morning with back pain do to a worn out mattress. Then I saw the commercial on TV that said if your mattress is over 8 years old then it probably weights twice the weight due to dust mites and old sweat.......EEEEWWWWW! I decided - It was time! We went straight to yelp to investigate where we should go and saw that Chad A just bought a bed from Zzzzz Mattress. We talked with him to see how happy he was with the service and the bed itself.....he raved about this place! So last Saturday, Chris and I bit the bullet and headed out to see Albert (the owner). Albert is a very sociable guy who loves talking with his customers. I felt right at home as I slipped off my shoes, flung my purse in his direction (for him to keep an eye on) and started shuffling from bed to bed...trying them all out. I even made Mr. D lay beside me as I proceeded to bounce up and down to check the "non-motion" of the mattress. (Our last one said that it was "do not disturb" but was a HUGE lie - every move woke the other person up at night). We found a bed that felt amazing to both of us right off....the minute we laid down we could feel the back pressure start to melt away....so much so that we had a hard time getting up to finish the purchase...we just didn't want to get up! The bed we picked wasn't the cheapest but it was an incredibly decent price for a California King bed! We purchased a bed liner as well to protect the mattress from sweat or stains which as you know voids the 10 year warranty. Our bed was delivered yesterday by Albert and his nefew....excellent service and the bed is wonderful!!! Mr. D was ready to go to bed at about 7pm last night just so he could try it out. Thanks for the tip Chad. Buying a bed was effortless at Zzzzz. If we had known sooner, we wouldn't have waited so long to buy one!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,12/23/2010,457,459,17,15,14>Color me an alcoholic.  A place where I can be a booze bag and get booze bagged!I've heard so much about this place that when I was in the area, I had to check it out.  I have to admit, it didn't look to impressive on the outside, but when I walked in, I was transported to a place where all my stress, fears and inhibitions would melt away glass by delicious glass.They have a HUGE cellar of wines from all over the world.  I spent probably a good 30-40 minutes perusing the wine selections from Italy and France and mentally stocked up my wine fridge.  Prices weren't that bad either.  A good bottle of Opus One here will only set you back a cool $150 as opposed to upwards of $200 at BevMo. Once I filled my cart, I saw that they were doing an Argentine wine sampling for $30 pp.  I sat down, grabbed some empanadas and got my drink...um, I mean I tasted wine like the lady I am.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,12/22/2010,940,332,13,19,19>I stopped by here with a friend Sunday evening with an appetite for some tasty Korean fusion.  We noticed they updated the menu a bit and renamed a few things, but they pretty much had the same great stuff.  This place reminded me alot of Garden Grove's Past Memories.  Traditional Korean bar food updated for a less traditional palette (minus the complementary onion chips and fish jerky, of course).  They also had a Happy Hour that ran from 5:30-7pm daily.  Specials included 6.99 Kirin draft pitcher, 5.99 kalbi bowl or Tofu stew. Not too shabby!Anyways, It had been some time since I'd been back to Hashigo, so I wanted to try some of their new dishes.  The advent of the food trucks has gotten people stir crazy for Korean fusion type eats like Kalbi tacos and Korritos.  We decided to try out the Kalbi tacos, Spam Musubi roll, and of course the "always delicious" Hashigo chicken wings.  The banchan came out first, which had three selections: Kim Chi, Pickled radish and Potatoes.  Not a whole lot of variety here folks but it was all quite good. Honestly, I wasn't in the mood for anchovies and pickled oyster anyway!The chicken wings came out next.  This was easily one of my favorite dishes at Hashigo.  For one, the wings were big and meaty! Yum.  Secondly, they breaded them with Panko, which gave the chicken skin a crispy and crunchy texture.  Lastly, they drizzled the wings with this sweet, tangy and mildly spicy sauce that made my taste buds pop! Absolutely scrumptious!  They came with a trio of dipping sauces, but i never felt those were necessary.  The chicken already had loads of flavor!Next came the Kalbi Tacos.  Three corn tortillas filled with tasty marinated kalbi meat, fresh shredded cabbage, onion, radish, cilantro and a special salsa. Although the tacos were satisfyingly good, I preferred the Kogi truck kalbi tacos over these. Finally, we got the Spam Musubi rolls.  I was a tad bit disappointed with this dish.  I must admit, I'm a huge Spam fan and Hashigo has made some very successful dishes using it (i.e. Bootcamp  Ramen for instance). Unfortunately, this wasn't one of them.  There wasn't enough spam in the roll and too much rice and radish.  I needed more Spam to give this roll the rich texture and flavor it needed to work.  Overall, we had a satisfying meal.  Although there was a "miss" on this round of eats, I've had many "hits" here, as well.  So I remain a fan of Hashigo. It's hands down one of my favorite places for a casual late night bite.The ambiance is hip and laid back, staff is cool and friendly, and the food is tasty!  Happy Eats!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,11/30/2008,503,327,5,5,5>Kalbi and Knotts Berry FarmI was near Knotts and had 2 Korean restaurants to choose from...Cho Sun Ok (an older og restaurant) or Sagan (brand new joint).  I chose Sagan because it was newer and gave off a very clean and hip vibe.My first impression when walking in was, "wow this place is fancy...must be pricey dammit should've went to the other spot!"  I mean the walls are made of glass and the decor is very sheik.  The paper that enveloped the metal chopstick was made out of thick resume paper- now that's a secret detail that boasts opulence!The prices are a bit more than the normal Korean restaurants but only by a few dollars.  Mool nengmyun is $11, Kimchi Jigae $12, Dukgook $12 and BBQs are like $18+.... affordable right?I had the Kimchi Jigae which is my test to see how "korean" a restaurant is and they passed!  The soup was perfectly spicy, with lots of pork meat, kimchi, dduk and tofu and it's enough to share with others.  My friend has the Dolsot Bibimbap (rice dish) which was also good but no special rave there.  The banchan was impressive with a variety of yummy sides and it's not the usual kimchi and potato salad sides but special treats of spicy crab, dried crispy seaweed and korean pancake!Two thumbs up!  Next time I will be sure to try the BBQ that everyone is yelping about =)Oh yes and do try their dessert drink...a traditional korean cold cinnamon drink that causes yummy "explosions in your mouth" Note:  No I did not order kalbi and no I did not go to Knotts but I thought the title was perfect for me entry so there ya have it
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,11/29/2008,304,154,17,13,13>Just like the scene that didn't make it in "Forgetting Sarah Marshall": "JUST ONE GUY! JUST A LONER! YEAH CLEAR EVERYTHING OFF THE TABLE, IT'S ONE GUY" That was me when I went to CA Shabu Shabu which is funny bc Shabu is a pretty interactive meal enjoyed by the company of at least another. However, I had a plan- since I was flying solo that night, I only had to wait a maximum of 15 mins. before being seated- SCORE! Likes: - The quick, friendly service - Meat quality and portion - Presentation and quality of the veggies -The soup base in the large soup bowl. This was quite a treat since Irvine's House of Shabu Shabu gives a small rice bowl with splash of base. Dislikes: - The teensy, weensy serving spoon for the garlic? Who uses those? Fairies? -The Goma sauce. It tasted more nutty and slightly bitter. I am partial to House of Shabu Shabu sauce-it's a little sweeter. I enjoyed my experience at CA Shabu Shabu, but I don't think that I would come back bc of the wait, the Goma sauce (yes, it's that important to me :o)) and the mere fact that that I feel like I could get robbed in the parking lot. Remember to bring a flashlight!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,11/28/2008,122,254,9,11,11>Quick & Dirty:  Wow, a guys only salon and spa.  They really have thought of everything here.  Great location and fantastic customer service.  Go guys, go.Long & Worth It:So having walked out of the Syndicate I walked into Dean Anthony and a beautiful blond woman behind the counter greet me within' SECONDS!  Eat it Syndicate.  Within one minute I had a complimentary Red Bull in my hand, two minutes my Barber/Stylist introduced himself, Luis.  Luis was a cool guy and showed me to a chair.   Guess what, TV in the mirror.  Sportscenter.  nice.  Best thing about Dean Anthony, no attitude at all. Luis stopped, looked at my hair, talked to me about what I wanted, made suggestions, listened and THEN proceeded.  So first off, shampoo.  We walk in back and he points me to a chair, I sit , lay back, look up..  Sportscenter, in THE CEILING!  nice.  He massages my scalp.  **Guy's if you are squeemish about having a guy massage your head ask for a female stylist, they have them.**Luis cuts my hair and does a good job.  So this is the end right?  No.  He rinses my hair again then gives me a face rub, then a hot towel, then lotion.  This was freakin' great!  We go back to the chair and he then explains what product I should use on my hair and how to use it.  Perfect.Would I go back here again?  YES, and I will.  Luis was really nice and did a great job.  Not only that but Dean Anthony is a full service Salon AND Spa.  They do Manicures and Pedicures as well as massages and this is all for MEN ONLY.  NO GIRLS!!!  Ha.  One downside to Dean Anthony is that it's a little pricey but if you like to take care of the way you look it is well worth it.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/27/2008,238,202,8,11,11>I've been to Habana twice.The first time, I went with some girlfriends after work.  We had some appetizers, which were okay, and some dinner, which was meh.  Service was painfully slow, but the wine was excellent.  Last night, a Saturday, we waited 30 minutes for a table (not that bad and totally worth the wait) and enjoyed great service.  The food, for some reason, was much better (maybe it had not been left sitting around by the server).  I had the skirt steak, my friend had the seared tuna, and we both enjoyed our dinners.The menu is extensive, with many selections in all of fish, beef, chicken, and pork.  A whole page is dedicated to appetizers.  And all of them seem delicious, it's very difficult to settle on a choice. Both times, the culinary magic was in the sides.  Corn on the cob with fontina cheese and spices, goat cheese-purple potato mash, mashed potatoes with onion strings - WOW.The ambiance is incredible.  The space is lofty and well decorated, and they project a movie onto a blank wall.  Even the furniture is an interesting rustic dark wood.  There is a patio with alot of greenery, sprinkled with lights.  Magical, all around.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/26/2008,233,212,10,10,13>I have always loved Javier's, and I'm happy to see that the service, character and quality of food has translated over to the new location, since I had never been before this week.I have to admit to being a little sad to see the original location in Laguna Beach go the way of the dinosaur, but I won't miss the tacky furnishings, cramped quarters and the sole women's toilet and the 20-minute-long line that went along with it on the weekends.When the LB location closed, I figured I'd relegate myself to the Spectrum one, since we'd been there many times and it was consistently good. I had an occasion to go to the Crystal Cove one this week for work and found it really great.I'm getting those of you don't wish to have too much cougar with your meal or are put off by new money and new boobs, but hells yeah, the food and those thickly accented waiters with bedroom eyes are worth it.Hands down best ceviche north of the border.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,11/25/2008,113,242,5,10,8>Kimera was actually more like a 3 and a 1/2 for me.  The apps were $5 as promised, but only half of them were good.  The good: garlic fries.  I've hardly ever met a plate I didn't like, but these were shoestring and served with two yummy sauces - a chipotle aioli and a paprika buttermilk ranch.  The drunken goat (I recently discovered this cheese at Whole Foods) and duck confit pizza with caramelized onions was fabulous.  The not so good: oysters with mignonette.  The oysters were not nearly cold enough, and the sauce was less of that red wine vinegar and shallot flavor I was looking for and more on the slightly spicy side.  The seared ahi was forgettable.  Three tiny slices served on a bed of soba noodles - eh.  As for the drinks, they were also $5 during happy hour.  I had three (strong) vodka tonics.  The value of the whole outing made it worth while, but minus a half star because the bartender ignored my friend for 10-15 minutes before I showed up to meet her.  They weren't even busy yet - that's just rude.  I liked the atmosphere overall and I may go back again sometime, since I'm constantly in search of places that have happy hour on Fridays.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,11/24/2008,384,243,14,10,12>First off, I've been here several times.  I just didn't know it was Santouka!  Hell the place doesn't have a name plate (well I guess it does but its in japanese!).  I tried to look on the chopstick wrapper one time to see if they had their name on it, but it was just a generic wrapper.  So for almost a year or so after finding this place I didn't know where I was eating until I found out from Arnold that this is Santouka!  (thanks Arnold!).This is not the most romantic place to come on a ramen date.  Just a fyi for all you love birds out there.  But you will fall in love with something!!!  their ramen!  It's the best in town including LA!  I usually get their Shio ramen.  The broth is so tasty and the noodles! are just right.  Tender yet hard to give it the chewy texture.   yumsssss   They got 3 sizes I believe...medium should be good for most...but if you're really hungry get the large.(btw:  if you're a girl and you happen to come here on a date...don't get the large....just stick to the medium).  ;-)
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,11/23/2008,855,578,8,9,10>Ordered some take-out pizza from here recently, based on raves from my friend who says the pizza here is "the effing bomb!". She thinks everything is the "effing bomb" so I wasn't going in w/ super-high expectations.Got a medium half-n-half (my BF wanted Hawaiian and I was feeling vegetarian).Outcome? Pizza had a nice and thin crust. Lots of cheese! I couldn't imagine how much more they would add if you asked for "extra cheese"! The veggies are pre-cooked when topped on the pizza, which I don't really dig usually... but the pizza was still really good, I must say. The quality of the ingredients were definitely a of higher grade, I could tell (I eat a LOT of pizza!)I'm interested in trying other stuff on their menu next time I'm thinking Italian... Even if it sucks (which I don't think it will), at least their pizza was jammin :D
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,11/22/2008,95,143,7,5,7>I have it bad for kitsch.  I can't help it.  I try as hard as I can to spend birthday dinners drowning in as much of it as possible.  Kitsch helps cure the awkwardness of birthday dinners.Along with Chianti in those wicker basket things, a tasty, traditional, and calorie soaked Italian meal is guaranteed at Nick's.  Service is surprisingly efficient and prices are difficult to beat.  You can feed a family for around 25 bucks with an abundance of leftover pasta and garlic bread.  Oh, and everyone gets to eat at tables coated with those cool checkered tablecloths. Go kitsch!They've got absolutely amazing lunch specials and a buffet that almost trumps mediocre...almost.  I've heard Nick himself makes frequent appearances, but he remains an enigma for me.  I'm assuming he walks around with a triumphant mustache and discusses "the pizza pie-ah!" frequently. But that's just kitsch making an assumption.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,11/21/2008,88,71,27,14,14>I can already tell this review is going to be long, just because my experience here was so unexpected. And warrants a long explanation. So please bear with me...I came here for the first time with my family for my 21st birthday dinner.The thing you should know about my parents is that they are very traditionally asian and very conservative. And very cheap. So after my mom was finished telling me that:-My haircut makes me look like a boy-Stop spending money on useless things like food and books-and that Obama is the anti-christ just you wait and see,we headed off for Scott's Seafood. I instantly sensed something was amiss as soon as we pulled into the valet parking lot filled with benzes. And then as we proceeded to take an elevator up to the restaurant. And finally as the elevator doors swung open and revealed this glittering, candle-lit, bourgie-as-hell looking restaurant filled with your typical OC white people.My mom shot me this withering 'ohh-girl-you-are-so-deadddd' look and I nearly wet myself. Here is my family, dressed down in your typical asian-family-dines-out-at-Sam Woo-finest, and here is this smiling hostess dressed impeccably in a dress-suit and heels motioning us towards a table. If you're from a typical asian family like mine, you'll see that this situation seems pretty much unsalvageable. ...But somehow it was salvaged.My scowling mother was somehow won over by our ridiculously charming and pleasant server. My jaded asian father was somehow won over by the appetizer of steamed clams. (Please order this.) My older sister was won over by the fact that she could blurt out "FUCK" at the most inopportune time as our server approached with appetizers and not immediately bring about a snooty-OC-people apocalypse. I was won over by the food. The FOOD, oh goodness- it's like seeing color for the first time. I was so taken aback to be seeing these gorgeous plates of couture-looking dishes brought to our table. Did I somehow die and become reincarnated as a judge for Iron Chef America? Seriously? I've been eating greasy msg-laden Chinese my entire life and 2-dollar taco Tuesdays since college. And seeing as it was my 21st, heck I get to order whatever I want and my parents get to foot the bill. Sweet!The portions are large and filling for the price (a main course will run you between $20-35), but it was worth it. (Ha I can say that cause I didn't have to pay).But seriously, even if OC-style fine dining is not your scene, this place more than makes up for all the pretentiousness you would expect out of it with unpretentious food and an even less pretentious wait-staff. I can't say that I'll be back soon, but just you wait until another special occasion arises and I'll be glad to mortgage my house to come here for another helping of their mashed potatoes. Or seared ahi tuna. Or the clams. mmmmmm the clams..
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,9/11/2013,338,875,20,26,28>I'm thrilled to have discovered another go-to spot for Cuban food in Orange County! Habana is still one of my all-time favorites, but when I don't feel like shelling out $18 for an entree and to support their candle habit, I will definitely make my way here.Bella Cuba feels more like a family-owned, traditional Cuban restaurant. It has a decent amount of seating space, but feels somewhat enclosed as it's located just a few steps lower than where you will park. Their neon sign is viewable from the northwest corner of Sunflower and Bristol. The complimentary toasted buttery bread was just crispy enough without feeling stale, and our service was prompt and friendly. I ordered the ropa vieja, as for a first venture here I wanted to try a standard dish that could easily compare to some of my experiences at other Cuban eateries. I loved the taste of this dish, the beef was pretty tender and they have a great mix of peppers, onions and tomatoes in this dish. The marinade was a little on the watery side, which I didn't mind sopping up with the meat and the rice. The rice, however, was definitely a highlight of this entree -- I know, it sounds weird, but the buttery rice went perfectly with the ropa vieja and - best part - there was plenty of it! That, combined with the black beans that I forgot about until it was too late to eat them, made this a very generously-sized meal for a very reasonable price.I was able to try some of the oxtail, but as someone who shies away from the fattier cuts of meat, this is probably not something I would order myself.Overall a great experience and a fantastic value -- I'll definitely be back!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/10/2013,1968,2065,31,43,35>American food!!!The 70's are back in a New and Whimsical Way!Jack Tripper would eat here. In fact, Three's Company was playing!So many reviews on Yelp for all kinds of different foods from Chinese to Pakistani to Japanese. However, it's rare to find a review dedicated to good old American food. Well here it is.What could be better than eating steak mac and cheese and having root beer? Well, eating steak mac and cheese and having a root beer while listening to Jimmy Hendrix and other great classics of the 70's play overhead. This restaurant is a fashionably new style 70's diner on the high end. 1. Ribeye 4 starsWhat an amazing dish of perfectly prepared meat and the sides of cream corn mash potato were superb. Watch out though, because the more of these delicious sides you order, the heftier your bill will be.2. The mac and cheese 4 starsCheese and more cheese!3. Tortilla soup 4 starsI would definitely order the soup again for openers. Super yummy. 4. Homemade strawberry cake was Devine!There ain't no Mel and there sure is not any Flo and, well, Alice must have been out with Tommy. Don't compare this to Mel's Diner of the 70's. This is Sue Ann's place and Sue Ann can cook some serious me the American Way!Sue Anne's American Kitchen, Placentia....another reason the OC is the best place to live!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/9/2013,1753,410,71,81,74>Jayne L & I met at a city almost exactly halfway from our homes to this time become bunnies for a late lunch.  This oxymoronic name for an order-by-counter restaurant is set solidly with two other eating vendors in this Good Food building in DT Anaheim, where it thankfully has plenty of parking options (curbside or structure) that only have time limit as their condition.I actually perused the menu online & carefully read my Yelp friends' reviews, even before entering HJ, to ultimately lean on the Portobello Burger ($8.95).  Jayne wisely picked two items that contradict with one other:  the Chinese Chick Green Stuff ($7.95) and the Chili Chez Fries ($5.95) to share--well to add that I gave, I think, 1/4 of my burger to her, and I helped her finish the salad ^_^.  Just like Veggie Grill and all other similar protocols in omnivore-friendly eats, our dishes were brought to our table by our pleasant and helpful counter dude.Before I elaborate on the food details, recently I am dutifully trying to incorporate MORE veggies on a regular basis, and still be a forever meat lover for this omnivorous, health nerd.  As a result, I too think flavors critically matter in vegan/vegetarian cuisine, and fortunately this bunny food would impress at least an open-minded yet fussy carnivore (well, 4 stars gave it away...).  The thoughtfully & munificently piled Skinny Fries were quite astonishingly tasty from the sprightly, excellently seasoned homemade chili, while the potatoes themselves were just-right salty & crispy with minimal starchy texture from the interior.  I honestly couldn't say much about the Chez sauce though b/c I thought the chili stood out beyond yummy, and b/c I'll never shun away from the real, non-processed deal ;D.  The equally copious salad had a remarkable, saucy tang from the Ginger Sesame Dressing to up more flavor from the "chick" that uncannily had similar taste & feel of poultry.Excitingly (in a writing matter), I've eaten a good number of Portobello/mushroom-patty burgers--e.g. Umami, Tavern on 2, Veggie Grill--before and after Healthy Junk's version, and HJ is so far my only place to reorder.  Hopefully you caught the letters "re."  They made sure to mash, mix, and restrain this patty, rather than to literally look like a Portobello such as one of the aforementioned, to attain almost the exact, meaty texture so that every time I bit into this plump, very flavorful, juicy vegan joy, chunky pieces would not easily fall out towards my rescuing plate.  The fresh, typical toppings and the soft buns holding them in made it just as enjoyable, whether with or without those fries.So if you decide to expand your veggie-eating horizon--either by getting out of the VG zone or by varying your diet from a personally uninteresting salad--and you happen to be in Anaheim or nearby, give Healthy Junk a go.  To be frank, I didn't feel junky funky from this lunch, unless I'd eat the whole, entire batch of those Chili Chez Fries.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,9/8/2013,81,112,15,18,13>"Release The Kraken!" "AndGive Me A Moscow Mule!....Puuh-leeeeze..." have been my new battle cries when I walk into this place.  If you're familiar with C1TML then you'll understand.  If not, I'll explain.  I was introduced to this place by my favorite Yelper (she has never steered me wrong).As of this writing I've been to Chapter One:  The Modern Local now 5 times and have introduced 6 other people to this place (I brought them here).  Four experiences were 5 star and one was a 3 star experience.   So that would average it to a 4.6 star experience, if weighted equally.I like the concept here.  Like the first chapter of a book, this is a new beginning.  I learned this right away when I first came here and wanted some Shocktop beer.  "We don't carry Shocktop," said the bartender calmly, looking at me as though I was some kind of newbie (oh, I was).My twisted face must have been quite the anomaly because the bartender then when on to explain:Bartender:   You can get Shocktop anywhere.Me (with my twisted face):   Uhm, Yeah.  (Resisting the temptation to reply with "Not really, I tried ordering it at work the other day and I got sent home....".  But I digress).Bartender:   Here you can choose from our hand-picked wines and beers from all around the world.  (And he pointed at the chalkboard by the bar to show me that day's specials).  We carry beers and wine here that most other places DON'T carry.Me (face almost returning to normal):  I see, I think I'm beginning to understand.  Okay, can I sample some of that funky looking stuff on your chalk board?  Hey I recognize Lagunitas!Bartender:   (Leans in....has minty fresh breath lol):   Yes, you may sir.Me:  Cool.  Start me off with Lagunitas Fusion American Pale Ale........(for the record, it was delicious).       Nowadays I start off with an appetizer or two (I usually come here with 2 or 3 peeps).  Usually, I'll start with The Kraken, which is an assortment of Fried calamari, sun-dried tomato, scallions, squid ink vinaigrette, scallops & prosciutto.  The whole squid thing is pretty unique and delicious.  I have wet dreams about it (yeah, I just wrote that).The duck fat fries are pretty tasty too, so I'll usually order those on my "cheat day".I ordered the Loch Duart Salmon on my last trip here which was almond-crusted and seared and served with sautéed scallops & mussels served over a blood orange beurre blanc.    It was cooked to perfection and it melted in my mouth like recess peanut butter cups during a 102 F degree summer day.As you can see, I'm sucker for beautifully-arranged sea food (And Recess Peanut Butter cups).  Atmosphere and decor:        I've only been to C1TML at night, so when I come here it's a bit dark inside, with intimate lighting.  My kind of place.  There's usually a good sampling of eclectic music playing the in background.  Twice I've seen someone DJ-ing at the end of the place; it gives the place a very cool, chill vibe when they do that.    The decor is modern and trendy with lots of dark brown colors.  I totally dig it.  Service:       Mad props to a fellow named Travis who helped us out 2 out of the 5 times.  He was very professional, courteous, and super efficient.  He took the time to answer my questions and offered me samples of some of their beers (and wine too).  Note to the owners:  it's this kind of service that builds loyalty (and good food too, but I place a premium on service) and C1TML has my loyalty now.He introduced me to a red wine called DEEP SEA.  If memory serves me I asked for the Pinot Noir and it was extremely smooth and delicious.  Afterwards, I went to the vineyard's distributor and ordered a case.  It was that good.Tip #1:  Every 3rd Wednesday of the month is "Women & Spirits Evening" from 7pm to 9pm.   Check out their website for more info.Tip #2:   Parking can be a PITA on certain nights.  There's street, metered parking (good luck with that) and there's a parking structure close by.  Drop off the ladies first then go hit the parking structure.Tip #3:  Try their version of the Moscow Mule, it's made with spicy, house made ginger beer, Russian Standard vodka, lime, served in a traditional copper cup.  When I first read the ingredients I was a little incredulous, but now it's one of my favorite drinks there (their "Sunrise in Jalisco" is good too!).   I lust after it now.Tip #4:  Reservations are recommended during peak hours.  Tip #5:  Don't be afraid to ask their mixologists to come up with something new for you, they are pretty skilled at it.Tip #6:  Romantic tip:   there's a kick-ass fire place here.  'Nuff said.I like this place so much I celebrated my birthday here.  This is one of my favorite places to chill after a long day of work in Irvine.  The atmosphere, the cool, chill vibe, and the top-notch service.Maybe I'll get a "C1TML" tattooed on my arm or my neck?  Nah.   But I still dig this place.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/7/2013,2601,1009,12,17,14>I was able to eat here yesterday for lunch. It was unexpectedly a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE. I didn't have much expectations for this place. I just went here cause my sister said she had it bookmarked. They do NOT have sushi here. It's a Japanese restaurant that focuses on the other items and they do it well. The place is well lit and feels good. The menus has udon, bowls, and appetizers.Beef yakiniku don - This meat was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Thick pieces of beef and onions in the sauce over white rice. Something simple turned so good! One of the best beef bowls I've experienced.Spicy Tuna Don - The portions here are huge! The fresh pieces of tuna are so good with this different wasabi sauce on top. It was official. I was in love. It's over white rice and I'll try brown rice next timeSoft shell crab - Wow! The tempura fried soft shell crab was so good over the ponzu sauce on the plate. This thing is magnificent. A must order appetizer Beef curry udon - Large portion of the piping hot bowl of curry udon. They do not skimp on the thin slices of beef eitherMiso soup - Can't go wrongRecommendation: Everything I had on the menu was spectacular!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,9/6/2013,302,356,15,23,20>I admit, I've been a Groupon/Living Social/Amazon Crossfit hopper. This is the 4th "box" aka gym I've been to over the last year and I recently became a member! Here's the lowdown:Crossfit: Varied workouts where you have a "workout of the day". It's pretty much intense cross athletic training x100. You've got olympic lifts, running, rowing, core, strength and endurance, whatever you can think of.Getting Started: You need to take intro classes so you know how to do things properly and safely. 2 other "boxes" I went to using an internet deal had a minimum of 2 intro sessions (one had 3) to go over olympic lifting basics, box jumps, and etc. Do these wrong and you're screwed. They care about your form here. Classes: There are a lot of classes for members and yes, people with deals are restricted to certain time to reserve space for members so class is a manageable size for everyone. In fact, a local "box" I went to last summer with a deal didn't even have you do Crossfit, they ran a separate bootcamp and only members did the actual Crossfit workouts once you joined. For $30 for the intro deal, you can't beat the price for an actual taste of Crossfit!Tracking: They've got this cool website called WOD Time where you log your workouts, see how you're progressing and comment on other's workouts!Environment: They share space with Velocity but there's plenty of room to move around and it's a nice facility. There's a lot of new people but I've always seen a friendly face and the encouraging environment is key. I like the motivation and teamwork of group workouts and you'll need is cause they're tough!Roundup: Great box to try Crossfit! Carter and his staff really spend a lot of time drilling safety so you can work out safely and like a beast! I'm glad I joined and the environment is really encouraging. Try it out, make sure to get your intro (aka safety so I don't hurt myself) classes in and have fun!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/5/2013,1076,324,19,23,24>This is kind of like a candy store for winos.  I was actually at my dentist office across the way when I decided to stop in to see if they had a bottle I had enjoyed at a restaurant a few weeks back.  In the restaurant it was $90 for the bottle.  I was so pleased to find it here for $35.  I bought two, and in total 4 bottles of vino.  Not sure why I didn't by 6, but if I had I would have gotten a discount.  Clearly wasn't thinking, but next time I'll do better.  Its just good to have fine wine on hand- for gifts and unwinding :-)   The selections are divided by regions- France, Italy, Napa, etc.  Its HUGE!!!  Aisles and aisles!  Not just wine either.  Champagne, beer, liquor, seasonal selections, mixes, specialty drinks.  Lots of fun stuff.   They sell accessories  too like wine glasses and serving dishes, bar tools- just everything you could think of related to wine, liquor, drinking, shots, getting sloshed, etc.  If you are having a party or are looking for a special gift for the wine aficionado in your life- I suggest coming here.  I had so much fun just browsing among the lovely bottles of Jesus juice, wishing that, like Starbucks, someone would come up with a little shot sample.   I thought I only lost time in book stores and Sephora-like beauty stores.  Guess I can add this wine shop to the list.  I ended up spending over an hour in the store just wandering about.  Can't wait to come back during the holidays!Cheers! xo Dre
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/4/2013,240,550,25,28,27>My friend Tom T. and I planned to meet for breakfast and decided Park Pantry was the place to go.   I've been here a number of times over the years and it's always been a great local spot with pretty good food and service.LOCATION:   On the S.E corner of Broadway and Junipero, across the street from Hot Java. PARKING:  Street parking only, which can be a challenge at times.SERVICE:  The service has always been friendly, polite and generally "on top of it".   However this was Gay Pride weekend, the place was completely packed and kitchen was extremely slow because of it!   After we ordered, about 40 minutes passed before our food arrived!  FOOD:  They have a fairly large menu with plenty of breakfast, lunch and dinner choices, but we were here for breakfast.    I decided on the Eggs Benedict ($9.99) with fruit (instead of hash browns).   I had the option of changing the Canadian bacon to bacon or salmon ($.59 extra) but didn't.   Once it finally arrived, it wasn't much to look at, no parsley or any other garnish to break up the "sea of yellow" as everything was completely covered with hollandaise sauce.    I dug in and while I have had better Benedict elsewhere, this was pretty tasty and the fruit tasted fresh.Tom ordered the San Francisco Joe omlette ($8.19) which had fresh spinach, seasoned ground beef, onions and cheddar cheese.   He said it was really tasty.OVERALL: It's still a great local spot, but I learned it will take a while to get your food when they are full to capacity!   3.5 stars rounded up.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,9/3/2013,767,585,19,19,18>A couple years ago my parents went to the motherland, Korea...and for your idiots they went to South Korea (you won't believe how many times I hear: did they go to north or south? -__-) and when they came back they brought me a bunch of fobby shit like cute socks, stationary, snacks, accessories, and honey tarae. My mom showed me pictures of a man making it in apgujeong (a touristy spot near Seoul) and he took a chunk of honey and stretched it with corn starch and made 16000 strands of honey string and wrapped a sesame blend in it making a delicious delicate amazing little pillow of love :]Fast forward a year later...I'm walking around Irvine Spectrum and I see a cart called "Honey Tarae" I couldn't believe it!  I've been craving those little bundles of joy for so long.  I had to get 4 dozen (1. it was buy 3 get 1 free and 2. it's been a while don't judge me :( heh heh).  I got 3 original and 1 oreo and asked the man if he was going to make it and he said yes.  He took a block of honey and with corn starch stretched it and made these amazing delicate strands of honey and made these amazing pillows of love that I remembered oh so long ago...*sigh*Anyways...I have to say it's exactly like what I remembered it tasting like and I don't have to wait until my mom goes back to Korea when I'm craving these little pillows of love...mmmm...definitely go check it out and get a dozen or 4.  It stays in the fridge for a few weeks...hmmm that reminds me I'm going to get one from my fridge right now! Yay!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,9/2/2013,826,666,17,20,17>Paul's is a really nice place and I was totally amazed at how great a job they did with my car.I came here last Saturday as I was running errands, typically going over to Crescent Car Wash a couple blocks away. Since they've stopped with the free birthday washes and don't provide a cash back option, I've been looking for another place.After seeing mainly good reviews for Paul's, I figured it was time to try it out myself. The driveway isn't really big, and there are only two vacuum stations, so if it's busy, you may have to queue up for a bit and risk running out into Moody Street. I reckon about three cars per line can fit without spilling out into the street. Six cars total, for those keeping track.I was relieved that they accepted credit cards and even was willing to provide me with some cash back so that I can properly tip the washers. More places can take a lesson from Paul's and need to do this! Nothing worse than not having enough petty cash on hand to tip properly. (ATMs are just there to nickel and dime you, plus, you can't get denominations smaller than twenty...so yeah, no thanks).They didn't post up the prices for their cheaper washes outside, like the Express Wash or the Full Service wash. Those lesser priced washes are available on their web site, but not onsite. I tried asking for it, but was slightly disappointed when I didn't see it as an option there. Wanting to save face, I went with the $11.99 one.They vacuumed, put it through the machine and brought it out for hand drying and tire dressing. I was impressed with the large seating arrangements partially inside and out in the patio. There was a television and the wi-fi access code was on display for patrons to use. This is a definite plus.The quality of the hand drying was great. I noticed they forgot to put some cherry scent inside the car when I sat inside, and normally, I would have been upset by this oversight. But because there were no streaks, not a single droplet or smudges, and the clearest I've seen my windshield and windows in a long time, I was willing to forgive the absence of the car freshener.My suggestion to the owners would be to make the car wash process through the washing machine transparent. I can tell the windows used to be transparent, but it was blocked up and you can't really see what's going on with your car. In order to put some car owners at ease and to ensure that a good job is going on back there, the management should consider making the windows inside the washer clear.I would also suggest some reading material. Sure, people have smartphones, but I still like to read a magazine or newspaper every once in a while, and especially if people are getting their cars detailed or hand waxed. I had the day's newspaper with me during my visit, but since I was done with it, I figured I would leave my copy behind for the next person.I know when they bring out the car, the crew tries to fit in as many cars as possible under the tarp/shaded area. My car was caught tight in the middle of a couple cars, and I required the assistance of a washer to motion how much more room I had to back up in order to get out of that tight space. I think the management should consider more tarps/shaded areas or they should consider more of a permanent upgrade on the driveway, like the structure they have over at Crescent Wash, where there's an actual roof/sheltered area for drying the cars and vacuuming.I will be back however, since I liked the overall service, the friendliness of the staff and the quality of the wash and tire dressing. The owners are open to ideas or comments and feedback, as evident by their signs around the patio. That, plus a desire to maintain a social media presence shows that Paul's is willing to evolve to stay competitive. That's a rare quality in car washes, certainly!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2007,3/24/2008,91,228,6,11,13>Cheap and fun. What more can anyone ask for?I was hesitant commit and to come when Dave first planned the event, (its mid winter, and it's freeeeeeeeezing), but I'm glad i did.The weather was PERFECT yesterday. Just like summer all over again...except a tad bit on the cooler side :)My first experience kayaking and it was awesome.  Prices are definitely cheap:(1-2 hrs)$10 for single$20 for double$25 for tripleAnd previously mentioned, you pay when you get back. And yes, prepare to get wet. I wouldn't suggest wearing jeans...shorts and sandals are probably the best way to go. How many things can you think up that are cheap and fun? (lets keep this PG)*Pssssst. i really don't know how i got an ROTD for this.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,3/22/2008,0,0,7,11,18>I can imagine Salinger sitting with a sandwich, staring out the window, scribbling opinion in his journal. Burroughs at the counter, reading the Sunday paper, waiting for his eggs. Bukowski, rebounding from a late night, preparing for an early morning, sipping coffee, smoking cigarettes at a table outside.Routine finds me at the Rooster Cafe more frequently than my own kitchen. Find inspiration after a thick toasted BLTA. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,3/20/2008,84,132,13,3,9>This is the kind of bar my religious zealot of a mother might actually approve of. Why, you ask? Well, because there are about as many wonderfully tacky Virgin de Guadalupe and Jesus artifacts in this bar as there are in her home. Velvet Jesus paintings? Check. Virgin Mary action figures? Check. Hollographic Virgin of Guadalupes? Chiggity check.I've often had arguments with my parents about how I've stopped going to church. The truth is, I lost my faith long ago. But somehow, in someway, I feel like when I'm at Alex's I haven't strayed too far. And sometimes (though this may be attributed to my drunkeness) I think I see Jesus in my whiskey.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,3/19/2008,450,315,14,9,9>Ode to the perfect taco place:Taco Loco you drive me locaputting tacos in my boca(that means putting 'em in my face)at this wonderful Mexican placeEveryone knows that you're the OneI'lll eat my taco and catch some sunGuacamole is fresh and tastyI got it all over my shirt and facey.With those prices you can eat a lota block away from a perfect beach spotOh how I wish I could eat moreWith a bottomless stomach, I'd grow quite poor.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2007,3/18/2008,381,419,17,11,12>I'm a cheap date. why? Let me recall;She: So what do you want to do tonight?Me: Let's get tacos.She: Eww.Me: Tripas, Buches, Lenguas, etc... Hello?!She: Oh!Me: I won't tell your mom if you are buying.She: No way. She won't believe you either way.Me: It won't hurt to try.She: You're sneaky.Me: It's only 85 cents each.Hah! Either I'm a cheap date or she's just plain cheap. I usually stick to my usual, Buche and Lengua. How was it? Do you even need to ask? Good or not, can you even say no to an 85 cents taco? Seriously.Take me out already.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,3/17/2008,52,150,10,7,13>I haven't had a massage in a very very long time, so when my wife said she had a superb session with Becky and it was reasonable (through goldstar), my eyes lit up. My wife then offered to book a deep tissue massage for me via goldstar.I don't recall having such a muscle relaxing massage ever. Becky is definitely strong and even *I* had to ask her to ease up a little. After my hour long massage was over, I was so relaxed I felt I could just slip into a sleep right then and there. Luckily my wife was there waiting for me, otherwise, I wouldn't know how I could've driven home -- yeah I was THAT relaxed.It was awesome.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,3/16/2008,196,316,9,19,18>Didn't expect to be so taken by this restaurant, but after one dinner and a wine/cheese tasting, I'm hooked. The owners took a really big chance opening this gourmet gem in Orange County and I hope it pays off. If you're looking to expand your knowledge of wine and food pairings, Old Vine Cafe is the perfect place to do so. All of the staff are incredibly well-versed and best of all, there's no pretense involved. It's a very comfortable environment, great for bringing friends to share some fabulous small plates.My friend ordered the dinner and wine tasting, a prix fixe four-course meal with half-glass wine pairings for $60. Of course she let us sample everything. My fave was the stewed lamb, which was so tender, it practically fell off the fork.I opted for the handmade fettucini pomodoro, which was just the simple goodness I was looking for. Also had the house salad, which came tossed with delicate shards of parm in a delightfully citrusy dressing that I wanted to lick off the plate. Can't remember the names of the wines, but they complemented our dishes perfectly.Went back last night to try their Wine & Cheese Tasting on Mondays. For $20, we got to sample generous pours of five kinds of vino and cheeses (manchego, some sheep's milk cheese i can't remember, a  triple creme and some aged goudas) ... is there anything better than wine & cheese after work on a Monday?Can't wait to come back and try breakfast ...**Update:2/8: Trust me on this -- get the Caprese di Burrata. Sweet Buddha. I love, love the creamy deliciousness that is burrata and have had it with fresh arugula and prosciutto but at Old Vine Cafe, the arugula is flash-fried and drizzled with a citrus-y olive oil ... takes the dish to a whole 'nother level. Heaven!!!2/12: Holy frick. The Omelet Espana for breakfast. Two words: Melted manchego. (With artichokes.)4/19: Mmm, meatball, I'm thinking we need to seal the deal and make this last forever. Marry me?
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,3/15/2008,65,449,34,10,18>Me:  "I like this one better than the one in Fullerton.  The water there tastes like ass."Kelly: "What?"Me:  "Wow, you've been eating pretty healthy lately."Kelly:  "Yeah.  I've got my diet on lockdown, son!"Twenty minutes later...Me:  "Damn, that was good.  You gonna get any dessert?"Kelly:  "What?"Me:  "You sure?"Kelly:  "Nah I'm good."Waitress:  "Would you guys like anything for dessert?"Me:  "Yes, may I please get a slice of your famous apple pie?"Waitress:  "Sure hon, do you want ice cream with that?Me:  "Of course, I do!"Imminent pause abrupted by...Kelly:  "Make that two, please."Dave:  "Lockdown, huh?"Kelly:  "Shut up."Dave:  "What?"
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,3/14/2008,206,233,4,6,8>I feel like I'm in another country when I step into this place. But it's a welcoming country, so I don't mind being the only blondie in the room. The decor and ambiance make you feel like you were invited to someone's quinceanera. The big open room surrounded by comfy booths puts the main focus on long tables full of 20-person family parties. Sometimes there is live music. Kids dancing or singing. Balloons. Lollipops. The margarita blender is always going - making the most amazing fruity drinks imaginable. Soccer games play on the television set in the corner near the bar. Brightly colored flags hang everywhere.The food here is always good. The portions are large and affordable. They have a great selection of seafood dishes too. And the wait staff couldn't be more patient or friendly.My friend's 4-year-old gringo son practiced his Spanish on the kids at the next table over, attempting to make friends across language barriers. Curious and sporting mouths in blue, red or purple (from the lollipops the staff hand out), the kids wandered over to our table with shy smiles on their faces. The homemade tortillas alone are worth the trek up to Anaheim Street. This is the best place to take your family next time they visit and want some good Mexican food in a clean and bright setting. El Torito can't hold a candle to this experience.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2008,3/13/2008,169,225,17,14,13>I will always love this ihop for what it did for me on New Years Day. It provided a crazy, hungover handful of yelpers with a breakfast of champions which included: strawberry-banana pancakes that i still have dreams about, eggs over easy with sourdough toast (hold the butter), hashbrown, buttermilk pancakes, coffee and apple-cranberry tea (with honey). Kudos for: -absolutely no wait time-great customer service with a smile (because I know I'd be bitter as hell if I had to work on New Years Day in the MORNING). -having tabasco and cholulaBut....#1 reason for it not being on the list of my kindred souls: -NO tapatio. Pure blasphemy!!!!!!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,7/31/2008,65,199,20,9,12>12 step program!!!!step 1:  down a 750ml of seagrams whiskey with one other person.step 2:  walk the three or four blocks from my house to the fair.step 3:  sneak into the fair.step 4:  get deep fried avocado/oreos/twinkies/snickers/etc...step 5:  people watch!  ahhh!!!step 6:  go on rides and get super dizzy/sick feeling.step 7:  beer and more food!!step 8:  win your girly a stuffed animal!  (or steal a guitar??)step 9:  pet the llamas, goats, cows, pigs, horses and sheep!step 10:  funnel cake and giant slide!!!  ferris wheel perhaps?step 11:  try to not get kicked out for being too awesome.step 12:  stumble home, pass the fuck out.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2008,7/29/2008,185,427,27,33,28>4.5, but i'm rounding up.  why?  because i can.  :)i arrive early because i'm paranoid about not being able to find parking.  it is long beach after all.  with my luck, there's a spot right outside, so i didn't even need the parallel parking lessons my coworker gave me earlier that day.  as i'm waiting for my date, i see tons of people outside.  but they aren't waiting for a table, they're waiting for take out.  wow!  you know it's a good spot if so many locals come for take out and fresh pizza dough.again, being paranoid, i walk in and ask the hostess if there was gonna be a wait for a table for 2.  she said no.  when my date arrives, the hostess says she saved two spots for us...one in the area where the pizza making happens, and one in the area where the bar is.  being first timers, we went with her suggestion...the pizza making area.  she even shouted out to the guy behind the counter to let him know we were first timers.  the service here really put this place over the top for me.  our waitress was very friendly, helpful, and patient.  she even speaks "judy".  she knew what i meant when i said i wanted a "non-winey" wine.  my only complaint is they didn't refill my water.  i needed it after sharing that bottle of wine.i didn't have any bread.  *gasp*  i didn't want to get full before the actual meal.  the date ate more than one piece, so i'm guessing it was good.  we got the fritto misto appetizer (calamari & shrimp) and had no problem finishing that.  i ordered the linguine alla vongole which is just linguine w/clams.  we both agreed the dish was a bit salty, but i think it's supposed to be that way due to the clams.  the date ordered the rigatoni tric & trac which is large tube pasta w/italian sausage & mushrooms.  very tasty.  prices fair very well for the portions, taste, ambiance and service.  by the end of the meal, we were one of the few tables left in the entire restaurant.  we were never rushed.  i would definitely recommend la parolaccia osteria italiana as a first date spot.(ROTD #3)
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2008,7/28/2008,196,316,24,6,15>Only spent but 20 minutes at the bar before the tummy called out for grub at The Crosby, but in the short time I was at Proof, I asked for an extra dirty martini with extra olives and dang, I got the filthiest martini EVER. With six olives! I thought I loved it dirty but now I know I love it filthy, mmm-hmm.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,7/27/2008,58,12,14,13,15>Yay, breakfast burritos!Now that I think about it, I've never eaten anything else at Beach Burger, but why would you when you can have BREAKFAST BURRITOS?!!  I usually get the sausage and egg breakfast burrito with extra cheese, and I ask them to go easy on the potatoes because even when they're going easy on them, the burritos are bursting with them.  The burritos are huge and they cost around $5ish (mine is 6 something because of the extra cheese).  I always split them with someone because I don't see how it would be possible for anyone to eat one of these bad boys all by themselves, and I'm a total pig when it comes to breakfast burritos.But hey, there's more to love about Beach Burger than just the breakfast burritos.  The decor is fabulous.  If you've ever seen Ghost World (my favorite move), Beach Burger is a lot like Wowsville.  If you haven't seen it, you'll have no idea what I'm talking about, but if you have seen it, you're like, "OMG, really?"  And I'm all like, "Really!"  Beach Burger went for a '50s style, but it's just completely insane how the place ended up.  First, it's like someone just buys any strange Elvis thing they find at any garage sale and they bring it on in.  The best part, though, is that there's an AMAZING collage that is mostly made up of all of these '50s stars, but then it has all these strange random celebrities like Dolly Parton, Madonna, The Village People and-- one that for some reason seems most out of place of all-- Selena!I heart Beach Burger.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2008,7/26/2008,291,173,6,9,8>There are precious few times when you learn more about who you are, what you like, what makes you tick, etc.... today was one of those days for me. I discovered that I love Thai food. While I'm normally not too hot about it, Siam Taste of Asia enlightened me on how good Thai food can be. The owners are from the northern part of Thailand, close to Laos, and the style of the food is so much different from any Thai food I've ever had before. I didn't do the ordering, but I will do my best to describe what I had - 1. Shrimp Pad Thai - DELICIOUS. While it is hard to mess up pad Thai, it is even harder to master the art of making it. Each individual noodle was bursting with flavor, while at the same time, not oily! This is a must try!2. Beef Salad - This was one of the enlightening moments. As most of you know, I am a carnivore... this dish, however, has changed my perspective on tender greens. The beef was super tender, and the fish sauce dressing was seasoned to perfection. While you can still taste the fish sauce, it is not overpowering, giving the cilantro and other spices ample opportunity to seep into your taste buds!3. Papaya Salad - This dish is deceptive. At first bite, you experience a sweet and fruity taste, but after a while, you notice the  burn. Interesting, and absolutely refreshing. 4. Sea Bass - Deep fried to perfection and served with two different curry like sauces. Frying a dish often times kills the natural flavor, but this fish was amazing. The oil wasn't too heavy and you can taste the butteriness of the sea bass in each bite. While I had quite a few more dishes, and all of which were delicious, these were the ones that stood out the most. Hands down, the best Thai food I've had outside of Thailand!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,7/25/2008,27,252,5,12,9>A wonderful dog beach!  We had a fabulous time here and would definitely recommend it to everyone.  I've sat on this review for a few days now to think it over and compare it to the dog beaches in San Diego.  Those were my first dog beaches we've visited and I wanted to try and put everything in context.  Of course all these dog beaches are just beyond words and we love all of them.  Huntington does all the standard things extremely well and has several advantages that could make it the best.  But how do you compare dog beaches when all of them are so great?  So in the interest of comparison, I'm gonna have to be real  nit-picky since there's not a whole lot to criticize.  So don't take my long list of "negatives" very seriously, I'm still extremely impressed with Huntington Dog Beach and can't wait to go back again.The better: Very very long.  We walked for about 45 minutes and we still didn't see the end.  That was pretty impressive.  Great variety of dog breeds and sizes.  There were plenty of chihuahuas, dachshunds, schnauzers, maltiepoos, etc. for Angus to get his fill of dogs his size.  We came on a Thursday afternoon and there were lots of people here.  Must be summer break.  Location is also fairly good with a section of stores and restaurants nearby and Newport Beach/Costa Mesa/Irvine a short drive away.  There are actually life guards on duty here! I thought that was great since people do swim at the beach and it's nice to know that they are patrolled by life guards and officers on ATV's.  People here are generally very friendly.  There are bags provided at the entrances for poop cleanup.  Many people also use the dog beach for recreational activities.  You'll see a lot of surfers, boogie boarders, people playing catch and other beach sports in the area. While I think that's a great thing, just make sure to watch out for your dog at all times so they don't get caught in the way or something even worse, like being stolen (yes I'm a little paranoid).  Although the beach is so long that you won't have a problem finding a secluded part for you and your dog to bond in relative peace and quiet.  The not as good: 3 miles of beach has a lot of benefit, but can also mean a lot of inconvenience.  Parking is difficult.  You might have to circle a long time to find any, and even if you do, it's a LONG trek to the beach.   We parked right at the southern border and then left our beach chairs there while we walked up.  By the time we reached the nice part, we couldn't easily go back and bring our stuff .  And even when I come back next time and have the experience to plan better, I'm not very likely to get parking close by to the the good beach part and even if I do, I'd have to walk a ways to the nearest thoroughfare from the street to the beach.  That would suck.  There doesn't seem to be many port-o-potties around and I had again walk a ways to use them.  The beach is also really gritty in many places.  I suggest north of lifeguard station 22, closer north to 23 would be ideal as the beach is flatter there (great for smaller dogs not getting swept out to sea) and the sand is just as soft as SD beaches.  While most of the owners are very friendly, I saw several that didn't look like they had good control over their dog.  Several pit bulls on leash didn't make me feel as safe about letting Angus wander.  After much consideration I think I'm going to have to rank this beach about the same or slightly lesser to Del Mar Dog Beach.  Again, while I'm being very descriptive about the negatives, we had a great time here and I'm gonna go and make that donation to Huntington Dog Beach.  = )
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2007,7/24/2008,102,123,10,12,17>My 100th Review!!  I nearly SWOONED when I discovered that Cosi's has made it to California!  Next to the Portillo's and Edwardo's Stuffed Pizza, Cosi's was one of the dark spots in my sunny California days... but no more. Cosi's used to supply me my Bagel Friday Bliss while working in my otherwise drab, depressing job at a claims office in downtown Chicago.  Every week I would count down to Friday's when those big, puffy, bready, warm globes of goodness would be sprawled out on the file cabinet/ buffet table.  Heavenly Goodness.  My favorite to this day is the Asiago Cheese bagel.  Cosi's is not your typical dense rock bagel of years gone by but elevates the bagel to a fresh bakery masterpiece.  I don't know what makes Cosi's bagels so decadent but the consumption of one is an event. Unfortunately, this new location is not a convenient breakfast location for me.  No quality of bagel can entice me to brave the 405 in rush hour unless I'm forced to.  I have however, hit this spot up for lunch and I haven't been disappointed.  Though their lunch falls a little short of the bagel experience, it's still a great choice for lunch.  This location has a great little patio area with ample outdoor seating.  The employees are friendly and helpful and the menu is pretty extensive.  I ordered a tandoori chicken sandwich the last time which was pretty great though a little dry.  My husband is a HUGE fan of their salads and swears by their Signature Salad which is mixed greens tossed with red grapes, pears, pistachios, dried cranberries, Gorgonzola and sherry vinaigrette.  So, if you ever want the eternal gratitude of a fellow Yelper and happen to find yourself on the way to Long Beach or Orange via the 405.. pick up an Asiago Cheese bagel from Cosi's and give me a shout.  I will forever be your biggest fan.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,7/21/2008,71,376,5,6,7>The first place I ever ever ever had Cuban food. It's a bit of a hole in the wall type place, but that just makes food more scrumptious and Felix Continental Cafe was very scrumptious. The circular road the cafe' was located in is very quaint, breezy, and really quite wonderful, though I can see finding a place to park atrocious. There are tables inside, but sit outside if you can. Enjoy the sunshine! It's been awhile, but I believe I had the Fricase de Pollo ($7.95). I remember the the dish, whatever I ate, was really good, savory, and so very fulfilling. The start of my fondness for Cuban food. Black beans mm..  rice mm.. Plus, I had my first Tres Leches. Holy moly! I'm mildly lactose intolerant.. but give me more! So good.. Very few places have come close to Felix Continental Cafe. I'd go back in a heartbeat. review 6/3/2008I.M.Y.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2008,7/20/2008,221,281,5,9,8>I finally had a couple of hours in Long Beach yesterday and since I was getting my nails done next door, I decided to stop in and try Long Beach's newest Sushi spot. Can I just say Hallelujah?!?!? Finally, decent sushi at a decent price in Long Beach! My albacore nigiri was great and my roll was tasty too. The service was very friendly. I was greeted enthusiastically on my way in. I was served extremely quickly and the sushi chef was very interested in my opinion of the food (which was high!). Kinoya isn't over-the-top cool inside, but it is nice. I loved that their chairs at the sushi bar were exactly the right height. Most of the time they're either too low or too high, but these were like Goldilocks baby and I appreciated the attention to detail.Sushi Kinoya is already getting to be very popular and they deserve the business from what I can tell.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,7/18/2008,288,278,8,10,14>The thing I love about Latin American art is the bright and vibrant colors that the artists use.  So warm!My first trip to MoLAA was great.  My momma and I headed over during my vacation and were impressed with how gorgeous this place was.  I especially appreciated that they included ALL of Latin America, not just Mexico and Cuba, but Bolivia, Peru, Nicaragua, all of it.  I'm biased when I say the Latins got it going ON!  Such talent!  =)They've got great permanent and special exhibitions that include political art, pop art, cultural art, you name it.  The museum is easy to navigate and air conditioned (thank God, freakin' melting outside) and quiet on an early Friday afternoon.My only complaint is that they didn't have postcards of the artwork in the museum.  A must for museum gift shops. Bonus:  it's free on Fridays, parking is always free.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,8/2/2014,507,423,20,27,24>Really cute place and the service was excellent!Ordered their breakfast, Princesa Fritatta ($7.50) and it was a generous portion. The sourdough toast they had accompanying it was addictive. You can ask for more of the balsamic sauce they drizzle on the side, as both the toast and the fritatta taste great with it!Also tried 2 different lattes. (Yes I'm wired at the moment) Vanilla Latte $3.50 - requested it with almond milk. I didn't finish this because I was more intrigued with the green tea latte. But as someone who doesn't drink coffee very much, this was appealing to me and not too sweet.Green Tea Latte $3.50 - requested it with almond milk. I'm going to try it with soy milk next time and see how I like it :) But I enjoyed this even though it needed more green tea flavor. It just didn't have that "matcha" taste.Cute latte art too!They also sell cronuts if you're still in the fad ;)
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,8/1/2014,576,235,28,30,27>Thai Pepper manages to "pepper" some happiness into my life by way of convenience, affordability, and flavor! Whenever I study at Huntington Beach Library, I rarely eat anywhere else.  Their special lunch deal can't be beat!  For only $5.50, you'll receive fried rice, salad, crispy cheese wontons, and one of their delicious entree items!My favorites are the pad thai, kung pao chicken, and spicy eggplant.  They're all cooked well and are extremely generous with their portions!  The best part: the dishes aren't too oily so your day of studying won't be compromised by a heavy stomach--a satisfying food coma is a definite possibility though.  Save half for lunch and half for dinner on those cramming days.  The fried rice, however, has been a hit or miss on a few occasions.  Often times, its fried lightly, with the right balance of fragrance, coconut milk, and spice, but other times, it's overwhelming with too much coconut milk. While the salad and crispy cheese wontons are average in taste, it's still a nice addition to the meal.--definitely most-bang-for-your-buck quality.---Conclusion:  The palatable dishes and large menu make Thai Pepper one of my favorite Thai restaurants in OC.  When dining in, the place will make you feel as if you're eating at someone's home--the lovely sound of stir fry will ensure that.  This spot qualifies as a hole-in-the-wall, but certainly won't leave a hole in your heart or wallet. Check it out!Extra Notes:-Accepts credit card, but $10 minimum-Closed on Tuesdays-Lunch specials of $5.50 are from 11am-3pm-Dinner specials are $8.95-Houses only about 15 people-Decor does need some renovation-Service is friendly-Ample Parking-Restroom available
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,7/31/2014,382,270,35,37,34>"And and and and and and and and and and... is it local?"As a matter of fact, it is now, because Mendocino Farms is right here on 17th St in Costa Mesa, a natural location for their inaugural OC spot.  DRINKS: they have a lot of specialty sodas (Puck's) including black cherry, but I generally stay away from soda like Rob Kardashian avoids treadmills. So, I went with their black iced tea, which complemented my meal well.  They also offer drink samples right before you pay at the counter so feel free to experiment around with their other teas before making your selection.SALADS: you can sample their side salads as well so I recommend giving their one of a kind "Healthiest Side Salad Ever" a shot. I took a taste of my friend's Kale Caesar Salad too and when I'm in the mood for a non-liquid form of kale, may go for the whole salad here. Yes, the kale is local. This is how Caesar should be done! It's $2 to add chicken to it.SANDWICHES: after having the Chicken MBT Sandwich, it might be hard for me to give it up and try their Kurobuta Pork Belly Bánh Mì or a Seasonal Sandwich (such as the highly-coveted PB3) on future outings, but I will. The MBT had filling slices of roasted chicken with a nice touch of balsamic vinegar and basil pesto, among other quality fresh ingredients.  It comes on Ciabatta bread, which I love. Rest assured, there are plenty of Vegan options too (I think I heard 20 people in here simultaneously talk about being Vegan and how their morning yoga sessions went).SEATING/SETTING: really liked the vibe and layout here. There is some outside seating, a counter for solo diners inside, and even a little faux grass decor.  They make excellent use of the space here. This is my type of place, I felt at home, like Kenzie K. inside an ice cream shop, like Morgan H. inside an EDM club, like Rob L. at a dim sum joint, or like Curtis C. at an overhyped LA hot spot.SERVICE/STAFF: this is the reason for the 5 star rating.  I would've felt like a total jerk if I did my typical 4 star review. Everyone, like 6 or 7 people, was so welcoming and genuinely happy to have us here.  If I would've asked to visit the farm where my chicken was raised to ensure it was up to par, I'm sure they would've showed me around. They explained everything, went to our table to offer refills, etc. and got their opening off to an amazing start.BOTTOM LINE: Mendo should be a huge hit here! Girls in line waiting were already going crazy over it to the point I thought Ryan Gosling must've been inside shirtless.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/30/2014,182,128,23,27,23>I will only be reviewing the Sunday Brunch. This place is located across from the Bower Museum, just before the southbound on-ramp for the 5 fwy. From the outside it doesn't look like much, but when we pulled into the parking lot in the back, we could see the entrance archway. We were greeted by two sweet young gals and proceeded to be escorted to our reserved table on the outdoor patio, per request. The hostess immediately offered us something to drink and left to inform our server. HOur server quickly brought our waters, OJ and CHAMPGNE!!! This is one of those kinds of brunches, party people! Bummer they serve in plastic glassware :-( My friend and I had a chance to sit back and take notice of the atmosphere. The outdoor surroundings were quite lovely. It's a courtyard with trees and vines that climb up walls and there's a great balcony (super cool for wedding pix) and foliage everywhere. The table was covered with cloth table clothes and also cloth napkins. I always feel so rich when I eat like that :-)Anyway, we commented on the beautiful succulent centerpiece and was disappointed that it was fake :-(  Other than the two sad faces above, everything else was fantastic! They have a waffle station (DELISH!), omelette station (didn't try), handmade corn tortillas for the chicken and beef tacos, great beans and rice, tasty cheese enchiladas, yummy potatoes, scrumptious cooked zucchini and squash, some other things I didn't try, but looked good. Oh, I did love their two pasta dishes they had (pesto and Alfredo sauces in the them). They had a decent dessert bar with panecitos, flan, jello stuff and more. I didn't try but my friends tried the menudo and the posole and both girls said it was really good. I would definitely come back again. Food was superb and so was the services and the atmosphere. Oh wait! I almost forgot to mention the Mariachi guys! They take requests and they are talented, plus accept tips. Help these chaps out and show some love for their craft.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,7/29/2014,526,808,13,28,15>What a fascinating exhibit. My boyfriend and I came to Bodies The Exhibition late afternoon on a Saturday (around 4:45pm). The exhibit wasn't crowded at this time, so we were able to go through the whole exhibit in one hour and were able to look at and read everything. It is also about $19 a person to get in, but I was able to find a $5 off per person coupon online.I wanted to start off by saying that Bodies the Exhibition may not be for everyone since all the bodies and body parts on display are real and just the thought of this can make some people's stomach turn. If this doesn't bother you, or you can get past that the parts are real, then you'll love Bodies. Bodies is a great exhibit for someone who is fascinated with the human body and our insides. The exhibit has about eight real whole cadavers that will each highlight different parts of the body (brain, spin, muscles, nerves, reproductive system, abdomen, etc).  I loved being able to see how our body is put together and how every part works together to make us a whole person. As well as cadavers, each room also has most individual body parts on display by themselves so you can see what they look like outside of the body. I loved this aspect. I liked reading about our intestines and seeing how long they really are. I also thought learning about the brain was great too. All was just so interesting. They even had a whole room that show body parts that were infected with cancer. I loved seeing what a cancerous part looked like next to a healthy body part. I learned more about cancer then I ever wanted to know. There is also a fetus exhibit. Be forewarned: there sign in the front of the exhibit saying that people who are faint of heart shouldn't go in (this is the only room that has this sign). My boyfriend opted to sit this exhibit out (there are seats out front of this exhibit for people in your party who don't want to go in). I went in and spent about five minutes in this exhibit. They do show babies/fetuses who died in the womb at each stage of development (4 weeks, 8 weeks, 12 weeks, etc). Each baby/fetus was in a jar floating in a liquid, so I can understand how this will make people squeamish. I found this exhibit interesting and it was my favorite room/exhibit that I saw.  Overall, Bodies is something I would highly recommend everyone go see at least once in their life. I heard they'll be in OC until 2015, so everyone has more then enough time to go check them out!Cheers!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/28/2014,81,112,22,26,21>"Shinjichi nu ada nayumi" translation:  "Kindness will never be wasted in any way." - Okinawan Proverb.I really love small, hidden restaurants that can seemingly and magically transport you to another world, and in this case, I was transported to Okinawa.  I had driven by Habuya for several years (since they opened) without ever seeing it!  It's hidden in the back of a strip mall that's next to a Pho place and Stater Brothers and an Arco gas station.Then one day I read a Yelper's review of the place who was part of my network and decided to give it a try, after all, it had solid overall reviews and it was very close to my office.Habuya is a small, quaint, and very colorfully decorated restaurant that specializes in Okinawan Soba (different than Japanese Soba), Ramen, and Curry dishes.  It was an auspicious beginning when I walked in for the first time at 11:30 am (that's when they open on weekdays).  I saw a cute little basket that invited me to help myself to a "free" hard-boiled egg.  Aha!  So the early bird DOES catch the worm....uh...eh....the egg, in this case.I started off with the seaweed salad, it was delicious and tasted very similar to the seaweed salad that I buy at Korean and Japanese markets.  It was tasty.  I ordered the Pork Belly Soba and it was delicious.  I've tried about 6 different things here.  I think if you want to sample a little bit of a handful of items, you should order one of the Bento box specials.If you're new to this type of food then I recommend the Okinawa Bento Box.  You get the sashimi of the day, goya kimchi, soki (stewed pork rib), a mini Okinawa Soba, and a house special salad.  When I order this I order the seaweed salad and I ask the server to mix it with the house salad. I've had both the Shrimp Curry and the Tonkatsu Curry dishes and both were delicious.  The Curry was pretty strong, but that's how I like it.  I love tasting the curry and mixing it with the steamed rice and whatever meat it comes with.I had their Miso Clam Ramen recently and it was a big let down.  The flavor was way off, it tasted funny, and it actually lacked any kind of flavor.  I'll try the Spicy Miso Ramen next time, but so far, the Ramen here did not impress me.The owner, Mayumi, always warms me up with her smile and her "kindness" is never wasted on me; I always feel welcomed when I come here during lunch (even though I'm the only Latino dude eating here....Heheheheh).   Overall the service is efficient, usually friendly, and the food is good enough to keep me coming back.  I like the atmosphere here because they play Okinawan music (and other types) and the traditional decorations and all the pictures give it a certain happy, colorful ambiance.Tip #1:   Bring cash if you plan on spending less than $15 dollars here.  If you use a credit or debit card you have to spend $15.   I don't know why it's so high, but it is.Tip #2:   They have Orion and Kirin Zero beers here.  They also have Asahi, Sapporo beers as well as White or Red wine.  They also have Okinawan Plum Wine for $8 buckaroos if you dare.Tip #3:   There's parking right in front of the restaurant as well to the side of it.  If you can't find parking there there's usually a parking spot somewhere in the strip mall area.Tip #4:  If you decide to become a regular like Yours Truly, buy one of their shirts for $20 bucks; every time you wear it you get 10% off your entire meal.  Trust me, it's worth keeping one of these bad boys in your car (or scooter).
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/27/2014,187,1126,19,19,20>Finally got some friends together to try out this place on a recent Tuesday night. As a Korean I've been feeling terribly remiss in not having visited either of the whopping TWO Korean restaurants in Long Beach, lol. I drive by this place a lot and I've definitely been curious. Could it stand up to the test? I'm happy to say that yes, it does, but there are some caveats. I got the kimchi stew, the spicy pork bulgogi, and the cookie sandy with mint choc chip ice cream and I thought they were all great (the kimchi stew in particular), but a friend got the galbi platter and the meat was just not up to par: very fatty and chewy--he was underwhelmed and I can't blame him. The rest of the group got various burritos which all got raves so it seems most of the time they get it right, but the meat quality is not uniformly consistent, apparently. It was a good visit overall, though, and our group of five had a jovial time in the pleasant pre-Spring weather. Next time I want to try the chicken.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,7/26/2014,380,334,27,32,27>Wow! I was totally impressed with the food here. Taking suggestions from my fellow yelpers I decided to try this place. It is in the corner of this little strip mall, kind of hidden. The pizza is awesome, they have wood-fire oven and they make their own dough and sauce here. Totally recommend the Special pizza -  pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, onions and bell Peppers for $13.95. (Great price in my opinion!)  You can order pizza thin, thick or regular. You can also order it as it a take-out a great pizza for a movie night. We also order the Linguini Pescatore - a sumptuous array of clams, scallops, calamari, mussels, and shrimp on linguini pasta, marinara for $19.95. This dish was also very very good. I love seafood so this dish totally hit the spot. The calamari and mussels were my favorite part. On top of all this you get a salad and toasted garlic bread. My only hang up was we ordered a bottle of wine and the temperature was a little warm. I do not think they store their wine correctly. Just stick to the food. You definitely will leave full and with leftovers, I am eating the pasta for lunch I can't wait. :)
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/25/2014,1753,410,62,67,68>1st I was challenged a parking spot at their miniscule original location, yelp.com/biz/7-leaves-ca….  Then over a month ago this offspring appeared, the5footer.com/2014/02/7…, yet it was realistically still on the farther side of my residence--unless I'm planning to achieve at least 2 places around the same city.Then on February 20, the 3rd 7 Leaves Café opened right across Cypress College & is good neighbors with Frostbites--all roughly 10 minutes from me.  The maybe-not-so-obvious similarities between this & the older 2 are the grey-walled indoor ambiance, the murals, the mellifluous Macarons, & a "Be The Change" Snelling Chart hanging on a wall on a very possibly feng shui manner.The interesting differences, on the other hand, are that they do not serve snacks like Popcorn Chicken or Garlic Fries (they'll be in the Euclid café).  This particular place, which is much smaller than at Euclid but more spacious than the 1st locale, does offer House Special Coffee & Vietnamese Coffee, but nowhere on their menu did "Sea Cream Black Coffee" appear.  Plus, although this café is conducive for studying & reading, if you're planning to use their free wifi with your laptop, I hope you have a long-lasting battery or you're willing to stay for maybe 2 hours due to lack of accessibly of outlet plugs.  ***UPDATE 3.11.2014 Now there is an adequate amount of the plugs for those torso-high chairs, & that the Strawberry Croissants from Cream Pan are conveniently found here xD.***Against these setbacks are the ones that matter the most (& part of the reason it's 5 stars, period): the venerably fresh liquids, priced about $3 on average--i.e. with no boba, grass jelly, &/or egg pudding.  My friend ordered the Thai Tea while I chose one of my favorite delicious 7LC beverages: Taro Milk Tea w/ Boba (which was $0.40 extra).  Personally requesting it as less sweetened, it nonetheless had what I desired for: milky consistency & the authentically tasty purple goodness, with further evidence of mini remnants of the root.  The boba was way above average on how these pearls were cooked & tendered for.Because my friend & I unexpectedly chattered for hours, our subsequent parched mouths resulted in another round of drinks, this time that House Special Coffee, by default.  In addition to their signature faintly salty Sea Cream floating atop, this was one creamy & coffee rich concoction all balanced composedly--like maybe twice as much as Sea Cream Black Coffee & about the same caffeinated zing as the Vietnamese.  Speaking of the SCBC, this beverage wasn't obviously written on the menu, so you could ask those awesome baristas your curious question.So if this especially your 1st time EVER trying 7LC, & Cypress is your closest destination, I strongly suggest to obtain a stamp card, where after the 9th drink the 10th is all yours at no charge.  As of this writing, the baristas are more than happy to offer you FREE drink samples, even when they were understandably oblivious that I have already savored that magnificent Taro Milk Tea when I have revisited the OG.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/24/2014,477,270,36,37,37>Yummity yum!Semi-disguised amongst the research buildings sprinkled around the perimeter of UCI, this is an awesome hidden lunch spot!The sandwiches are super fresh, and you can tailor them to your liking with the uber contemporary iPad ordering system. Just punch in your order, grab a your-food-is-ready buzzer from the stack in front of you, and you're off! Service is quite quick, so you probably won't be waiting very long before your food is ready to pick up at the counter. In a time pinch? You can even order online before you get there and get your food to go.And while the not-too-noisy reading room-ish theme makes for a relaxing dining experience, you can also choose to sit outside and enjoy the often-wonderful weather that Irvine has to offer.Everything is kept spick-and-span clean, and the workers are helpful if you need any assistance or have any questions.I had the Waldorf chicken salad sandwich, which had a perfect flavor balance thanks to the cranberry sauce and candied walnuts. It was definitely pretty filling, and sadly I had no room for any of the dessert pastries that I was ogling as I walked in. Darn! I'll definitely plan ahead next time!This particular location is a bit of a hike from the main UCI campus, but still within a reasonable walking distance. Parking can be marginal during peak times, so plan accordingly.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,12/12/2008,291,173,8,16,14>Located on the roof the La Casa del Camino Hotel, the Rooftop overlooks the waters of Laguna Beach and provides a breathtaking view, tasty bar food, and great drinks.... all at a Laguna Beach price of course. Upon arriving, we decide to follow the Spanish theme and order tequila... the Patron they offered was good, but just wasn't good enough to sip on. We asked the waitress if they had anything better, and she said that the downstairs bar offered Don Julio 1942. We asked if we could go downstairs, order that, and bring it up, and she offered to do that for us. Now that's great service, considering the walk from the Rooftop to the lobby is 4 stories. As we were still hungry, we decided on the humus plate and the guava glazed meatballs. These were all very delicious and served in generous portions. All in all, the Rooftop was a great place to hangout in. As the nights in Laguna Beach are pretty chilly, they do provide blankets to keep you warm. My only complaint is that the place closes at 10:00pm. Come on? What bar closes at 10? Obviously the Rooftop does, as last call came at 9:30. I do think you pay for the scenery though, as that night fell on the pricier side... $200 for 9 drinks and 2 orders of food. If you are looking for a place to settle down for the night and drink, the Rooftop might not be for you. In my humble opinion, I think it's a better place to take a date. If you happen to get lucky, you can check into the hotel downstairs!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,12/11/2008,1315,252,35,53,41>Who would have thought that when I Yelp searched PUFFY TACO a few months back, after watching that now famous episode of Throw Down with Bobby Flay featuring this delectable yet simple Tex-Mex cuisine, that it would lead me to LA's own puffy taco institution - Arturo's Puffy Taco - which is just doorsteps from my home? Moreover, the late owner Arturo has a family connection to the original Henry's Puffy Tacos in San Antonio. (Henry's Puffy Tacos is the home of this San Antonio signature dish.) Arturo and Henry were, in fact, brothers and sons of the man largely credited for inventing the puffy taco and the proprietor of the famous Ray's Drive Inn where the puffy tacos were supposedly first served up! What makes the shells of the puffy taco "puffy" is the masa, a special Mexican cornmeal, they flatten into a tortilla, deep fry and then shape into a taco shell. The inside of this thick shell is moist and slightly grainy, while its exterior is flaky and crunchy. Cool concept, huh? I've tried the chicken, pork, ground beef and carne asada (roasted beef) puffy tacos and burritos. The shredded chicken meat was juicy and well seasoned. The pork lacks a little bit of the zest but is very tender and goes well with its jalapeno chile verde sauce. The ground beef is well seasoned and, most important to me, you could tell the meat here is fresh. The carne asada puffy taco, however, is far and away the best choice here. When you first see the chunks of beef, it looks overcooked. Once you bite into the carne asada meat, you'll quickly realize that looks can be deceiving. The meat is juicy, very tender and packed with flavor. And I like the fact that the beef is not too salty, which is my biggest complaint with many of the tacos I have tried at the taquerias in LA. The portions of the taco meat are substantial. They also pack it with fresh lettuce and shredded cheese. This makes for some real juicy tacos that gets soggy very quickly so the best bet is to eat them right there, instead of ordering takeout. (There is limited indoor and outdoor seating.) The mild salsa fresca is a little bland but compliments the tacos well. I like to really taste the flavor of the taco meat and do not understand the concept of drowning it with a lot of sauce to enhance it. You could request guacamole and sour cream for an additional charge. But why would you do that? The enormous sized burritos here are good but not as impressive as having the meats filled inside the puffy taco shell. They do, by the way, have "regular" tacos here too. But why would you order them here, at a puffy taco place, instead of trying the puffy shells? To save a little change? I am glad and most fortunate that there is one so close to me. The only other puffy taco joint you'll find just might be in San Antonio. And there are probably a hundred Taco Bell and Del Taco you'll find along the way if you want tacos in the regular shell and void the fresh meat. They make their own homemade lemonade, charbandos (made from the hibiscus flower) and horchata (rice and cinnamon) drinks here. I've tried the lemonade and liked it because it wasn't too sweet and tart. Judging by the pictures posted on the walls of the dining area, which include that of brother Henry's place and even the old Ray's Drive Inn in San Antonio, the family business had attracted loyal "everyday" Angelenos for many years as well as the affluent from afar. Comedian George Lopez, boxer Oscar DeLaHoya and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa are, if not frequent customers, supposedly real fans and supporters of Arturo's. And what's not to love about this place? The portions are good, made with fresh ingredients and the prices are very reasonable for what you get. Three tacos - my usual order of two carne asada and one pollo (chicken) - will cost seven dollars and some change. If three puffy tacos don't completely fill you up, you will still be quite satisfied. Besides, you probably eat too much if tres tacos is not enough to curb your hunger. The best tacos south of Los Angeles and, I believe, in all of Orange County! I'll take a good, greasy taco over a burger any day. In fact,  will go so far as saying Arturo's Puffy Taco supplants El Taurino as my all-time favorite taco place. (Well, let me think about this statement a little bit.) I may recant later. **************************************************­********************** The only cons to this place, in my opinion, are that it is CASH ONLY and closed on Sundays. The tables should get wiped down more frequently, the outside tables are all right next to a foul smelling (when is it not?) trash bin and the wait time for food, no matter how busy they seem to get, always takes at least ten minutes. A very minor nuisance for cheap, good food served with a smile, and sometimes, a little story too.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2008,12/9/2008,623,606,12,13,11>I would have given you all 5 stars had all of the television screens worked!!!  But alas, the blacked out screen in the top right corner plagues you 25Si!!!So I came here and don't remember too much of the evening other than ordering a lot of soju and then smuggling in beer, whiskey, cake, and cupcakes.  Yes, a great time was had by all, accentuated by the disco/fog machine.  At first I was apprehensive with only 12 people for the big room but by the end of the night, we easily fit up to 30 people in the room singing/screaming at the top of our lungs. Most memorable songs of the evening (that I can remember) included: Complicated - Avril Lavigne, Pop Goes My Heart - Hugh Grant (Music and Lyrics), and 9 to 5 - Dolly Parton.  The men's bathroom is pretty clean...and I know this because I somehow found myself in there after slipping out of the room to avoid drinking more cups of soju & beer (mixed together mind you).  Service is really attentive....attentive enough to know we snuck in our own booze.  They kindly pulled our one Korean friend aside and told her that we can't pull that kind of schtick next time.  But other than that, hassle free! Non-stop soju service! Once you learn how to use the remote, that's pretty easy too!!!Next time...assuming there will be a next time and we weren't banned from this establishment...hop on the soju express and pop a $5 into the Disco/Fog Machine!!!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/8/2008,610,232,12,13,14>I came here for a friends birthday. It's a little tricky to find. When my friends and I arrived there was a bit of a line because as usual I was a little late. There were no lines at the bars next door so we went in there to grab a drink until the line at the Commonwealth got shorter.We arrived back in line behind some nice people who made small talk with us for a bit. Then it happened. A group of 6 drunk people pretended to be related to the 2 women in front of us and cut right in front of us. So we said, "uh uh, hell no!" We cut right in front of them and took along another group of people we didn't even know to hold them back a little longer. The bouncer at the door was really nice and polite. He said, "thanks for waiting and told us next time he'll just let us in, no prob." Nice guy, too bad we didn't get his name. As with most places in downtown Fullerton there was no cover which is always bueno for everyone = ) We ended up seeing our former high school teacher in line, too. She ended up dating one of our classmates later on...weird! Anyways, on with the review!It was my first time there and as I walked in I noticed a really nice layout and decor. Small place, but good. Great crowd. No dumb drunks stumbling around. Everyone was very nice and were just there for a good time! The waitresses were accommodating and nice. The bartenders were cool and quick. Drinks were not badly priced. The music was good. The DJ played a good eclectic mix. I didn't dance though. People watching (ok, women gawking) and good conversations were sufficient enough for me that night. So overall a good place to go to with friends to lounge and have a good time.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,12/7/2008,809,275,6,11,11>I rarely venture out to Tustin but was lured here by a couple other yelpers to try out the famous "Katsu" omakase sushi dinner.  This husband and wife operated business keeps it real by offering traditional sushi only and politely ask that if you don't want the omakase, that you sit at one of the 3 to 4 tables on the side.  This place gets super packed by 7 and if you don't have a reservation, you might as well not even try.  Fellow yelper Jane (her 200th review below) took some great pics of the sushi and we were pretty much in agreement on our assessment of what we got.  I have to say the Mirugai was probably some of the best I ever had (even though it was the last of 18 orders of sushi we plowed through).  The uni and the kumamoto oysters were sublime!  It took us 3.5 hours to get through the entire sushi spectrum (after all it is a one-man shop) so plan on settling in and order a bottle of kubota or kurosawa sake and enjoy.  To have all 18 orders we got excluding sake/beer, it'll run you about $120 each including tax and tip.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,12/6/2008,989,573,13,19,18>This new eatery sits in the old Huff's location which has been huffed, and puffed, and blown away.  It sits directly across the street from Golden West College and with a window seat on the weekend you can gawk at all of the folks over at the swap meet.  It was slightly after noon on a Sunday, and we decided it was a good a time as any for some breakfast fare.  Walking in, the layout is still similar to the old Huff's, but the rooms are much brighter.  We were greeted and seated in short order.  The service level was quite good and it seemed that everyone enjoyed their jobs.  The place was also packed... probably triple the number of people I'd see when it was still Huff's.  Anyways, on to the food:First things first... had to try their Mimosa.  A mini carafe of freshly squeezed OJ together with some Tanglewood Brut California Sparkling Wine.  Not too shabby, especially for four bucks and change.Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs:  The portion here is huge.  It had to come out on 3 plates.  One for the Chicken Fried Steak smothered with country gravy, another for the extra crispy has browns and eggs, and a third for the pancake option I took instead of the toast.  The taste was fairly decent, and I was overstuffed and ready for a nap when I was done.Blueberry Pancakes:  These were just okay... could've used more blueberries.Chef's French Toast:  This was decently okay as well.  The standard pancakes were better.I'll be back again soon to try out more of their stuff.  3 stars for the breakfast fare so far, and a bonus for the great friendly service.  Pics are up.  =)
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,12/5/2008,842,430,27,29,28>Like Ferdinand Magellan in search of a westward route to the Spice Islands, like the 49ers in search for gold, like a parent in search for their lost child on the back of a milk carton, like a finger in search of that booger that you can feel in your nose but can't find .... I've been searching for some decent Filipino food in OC.yelp.com/biz_photos/EVkB…Just like my predecessors above ... I think I've found what I was looking for.  This place is not the best looking place from the outside but when you get in, you feel like you've just landed after a 16 hour flight to the PI.  Well maybe I'm over-exaggerating a bit.  You at least feel like your in West Covina or even Cerritos.  This place is turo-turo style which means it's not a place where you sit and order.  The food is already prepared for you in warmers and you just pick and point to the food you want.  A 1-item combo costs $3.75 and a 2-item combo costs $5.  Not bad for 3 scoops of rice and 2 entrees.  The food looked really fresh like it was just cooked.  Maybe because I got there at 11a (yeah I eat lunch early.)  They had 2 of my favorites sinigang and lechon kawali.  They have all the condiments you need set out for you to use as much as you want, you don't need to ask for anything.yelp.com/biz_photos/EVkB…The food and service is great!  Just check this place out if you're ever in the area ... I think you'll be impressed.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,12/4/2008,309,307,11,15,16>Hipster bar in OC... what in the wild world of sports is going on?!?Fruit Pizza... friggin amazing!  The fontina cheese combined with apple, pear, and plum slices harmonized in a port wine reduction sauce.  I'm at a loss for words it was that good.Sweet Potato fries.... prepared the way nature intended.  They are cut long ways and girthy.  From the lack of grease I thought they were baked but the waitress said they were fried.  I'm still not convinced and until the chef comes out from his little kitchen wearing his little omnipotent outfit and pours me a little glass of sweet potato gristle it's still suspect (mmmmm... sweet sweet potato gristle).  But anyways they were very good. Round Table of Sauces.... holy bageeezes!  Consists of caramelized onion bbq, port wine reduction, creole, pesto, and chipotle ranch.  Be sure to ask the waitress/waiter for these right away so you can either eat with a spoon/straw or dip the fries and pizza in.  wine... overpriced and way mediocre.  $11 for a glass of seven deadly zins.  I can buy a bottle for that price at TJ's.  However, I did like the stemless glasses. Beer... nice selection on tap which included chimay, stella, organic heff, and framboise.Decor/ambiance... dark, small, edgy, hipster.  Pretty awesome! The addition of the commingled "bookstore" is quite funny.  It's not really a bookstore but more or less only exists to contribute to the eclectic package.  This theme continues with the plethora of ghetto blaster boomboxes on the wall.  The "final hurahhh" far outpaces the sum of it's parts.    4-stars, but if they scrap all their wine and start over with good stuff I'd give 1 more star.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,12/2/2008,64,72,7,10,11>East LA meets trendy Newport Harbor in this quirky Costa Mesa neighborhood affectionately dubbed Little Tijuana by locals.  Where else would you go for great authentic Mexican in Orange County.For most restaurants I'd call the location questionable but Taco Mesa makes it work.  It's not easy to find and no left turn means patrons must drive up a few blocks and make a U to enter the parking lot.  But this deters no one - the place is always packed.  The rod iron enclosed patio is the only seating and you'll be lucky to get a table in this former Taco Bell painted bright blue and covered in fanciful murals.  The decor is authentic Tijuana as well.On my last trip I ordered the ceviche with shrimp, scallops, and crab.  Delicious lime and cilantro marinade and fresh ingredients.  This place is not just orange rice and re-fried beans.  Entrees come with blackened chicken, tiger prawns, and various fresh seafood selections.Order some fresh pineapple juice, or a margarita to enjoy with the signature chili chips while you wait.  Be sure to grab a cup of Escabeche at the salsa bar - that's pickled carrots, cauliflower, onion, and garlic.  Best I've tasted.  Could be a meal in itself.  Pretend your south of the border, order a second margarita and eat in, or take your order to go.  You'll enjoy either way.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,12/1/2008,282,139,12,14,14>when you think of chinese food we often relate it to MSG!!! I avoid chinese restaurants unless I'm going for dim sum. Moreso because I hate the service and they are ocassionally dirty! I'm refering to the waiters and cooks who have nasal issues and when you ask for clean plates and utencils- you still get stained ones!!! Then when you reach out for the condiments- the containers look like they've never been cleaned!!!But Fortune cookie changed my perception. My dept had another coporate luncheon and they decided to order from Fortune Cookies. I found the menu on their website and they were extremely detailed about their food and what they put in it..even the calorie amount!!...seems too good to be true!! When they delivered our 30 individual orders, they were all neatly packed in plastic containers. I ordered the beef and broccli which came with a side of rice and salad... it was YUMMY!! Oh, and since the lunch was free i added a side of hot and sour soup too. hehe! The soup was tasty and I still couldnt believe i was eating chinese food that focused on health conciousness and weight.... The portion was very filling, i left my leftovers in the same container and ate it the next day. it was still fresh after 2 minutes in the mircowave....Since i was so pleased with my take out order, I decided that I had to visit this place and check out the hype myself. Well, the restaurant wasnt as great looking as I would like it to be but the service was AWESOME! and they were all chinese!!!! Excellent service from chinese people ( i can say this because i'm half chinese). The food came out super fast, enough time to chow down and talk to my lunch date.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,1/7/2010,509,250,13,17,18>My new favorite when it comes to lounges... Maybe it's because I've had too much of the pretentious LA scene, but in any case, the cool, understated ambiance of Mesa felt perfect to me.I've gone to the Camp dozens of times, but never noticed the place until literally stumbling onto it when Viet B. and I were looking for parking. Suburban chic inside and out, from the stylized cinder block exterior, to the slick but mature interior. The first thing you notice is the main dining space, featuring a vine-wall and a fire pit in the back, as well as a well-stocked bar serving as the centerpiece of the restaurant.We were there around 8:30 pm, so we just hung out and ordered an appetizer and a few drinks. The fried calamari is prepared unlike any other place I've been to- in addition to the calamari, there were fried onion rings, and fried thinly sliced lemon... Pretty clever in my opinion, although Viet B. thought it was just the kitchen staff being lazy and dumping everything in the fryer!The first drinks we ordered were decent... A lemon ginger concoction and an espresso martini. What really stuck out was this cucumber gin & tonic they serve- THE BEST gin & tonic I've ever had... Strong, but not overwhelming, with a refreshing hint of cucumber.The bartenders and servers were all very laid back and friendly, so it was easy to strike up a conversation. As Viet B. pointed out, there's apparently a DJ spinning on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, with a playlist of ambient jazz and '70s soul... Smooth.Of all things, I think the icing on the cake for me was the bathrooms! They literally have self-enclosed, separate bathrooms, instead of your standard separate male and female rooms. There's this clever red and green lighting system over each doorway, so you know which ones are occupied or not... Simple concept, I know, but impressive nonetheless- you gotta see it for yourself!Suffice to say, Mesa left an indelible first-time impression on me. I've been looking for a neighborhood watering hole for a while now, and by God, it looks like I've found it!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,1/6/2010,368,185,15,19,18>This place is legit. Goood Japanese BBQ!Having my trusty yelp app ready, we decided to try out Tsuruhashi solely based on the reviews and I can say that we left very satisfied :)Our order:*Raw beef and raw egg yolk -- we just had to try it. Quite a nice flavor but the texture just doesn't sit right with me :\ Dining companion LOVED it though*Prime Skirt Steak -- surprisingly good! medium thickness and long, one of my favorite ones, it was super tender and melt in your mouth good*Prime Rib Eye -- a thicker smaller cut of meat, good flavor, but not as tender as the skirt surprisingly*Kobe Boneless Short Rib -- the least expensive Kobe b/c they were out of the others. Crazily marbled and delicious*Assorted Beef Internal Organs -- ordered by the dining companion.. I did not touch this, besides the tongue (my God it looked exactly like the tongue!) although he said the flavors of the organs were much milder and smoother. A good sign I guess :PWe were served cantaloupe for a dessert and complimentary hot tea... it was a super nice, unexpected touch! I had room for some green tea ice cream which was divine. It must be the same green tea ice cream brand served at Honda-Ya (or Kappo Honda down the street) cause they both taste the same.. really delicious. If anyone knows that brand please LET ME KNOW so I can buy a gallon... or two. :)Service was EXCELLENT. I will say we were very well taken care of by all the staff and were consistently checked up on. My water was never empty and our grill was replaced once after it started getting charry.Dinner for two ended up being 53 before tip, not too bad for a quality meal and outstanding service. Thumbs up from me!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,1/5/2010,412,769,22,25,22>This is a pretty cool store. My wife and I checked it out after walking around the Patchwork Indie craft show. It's a bunch of hippie stuff such as handmade soap, cards, candles, beatnik clothes, purses made out of soda can tabs, and other stuff you'd find patrons of a open mic night poetry reading coffee shop. I bought some really nice smelling soap and a jar of sea salt mixed with rosemary and other herbs/spices. Sorry to break the 5 star trend but it's just not "as good as it gets" to me, but I am a fan. Bit frustrating the lady couldn't seem to figure out how to use the register and had me walk around the store to tell her the prices of the items I bought.... You don't sell many items, learn what they cost. I guess it's "green" not to put bar-code stickers or price tags on the items.When you leave here you'll want to listen to some Bob Marley, puff some "medicine", and eat granola.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2009,1/4/2010,291,164,11,12,13>I was invited by my roommate to come out for OC Restaurant Week. 7 Seas was on the list, and it just happen to be walking distance from our house, so why not??Located down the strip of local Main Street, I was expecting a small Mom & Pa shop. Little did I know, I walked through the door and was floored by the massiveness and decor of the place. It was way much bigger than I thought it would be. The decor of the place was quite warm and inviting. I like their rustic wooden log chairs at the bar. Brownie points on ambiance.So for OC Week, they offered a prix fixe dinner menu ranging from $20-40 ($10 for lunch). Based on my budget of course, I picked the $20 menu. I really wanted to try the Seafood Linguine, but alas, they JUST ran out. My luck I know. That's what I get for coming in 15 minutes before closing (but they were very nice  to my party and seated us regardless). Because they ran out of an item, they let me have the NY steak (on the $30 menu) instead for the inconvenience.First came out was the Spring Mix Salad, which was really good...you know, for being a salad. The salty creaminess of the blue cheese crumbles complimented the contrasts of the crunchy candied pecans. mMm!Next was the Spankin' Cajun Shrimp. Served with what seemed like freshly made tortilla strips and their 'Slaw Dipping Sauce. The sauce was creamy with a spicy kick. And the shrimp were poppable deliciousness! I'd recommend saving the sauce if you're getting fries, which makes an awesome dip.Then my non-seafood entree came out. I'm always weary getting meat at a seafood place (and vice versa). But my steak was amazingly juicy and tender. I'm sure the huge dallop of butter on top had to do something with it, but I'll pretend I didn't see it for my waistline's sake. It came with a side of Cajun Fries, which (you guessed it!) I dipped in my 'Slaw Dipping Sauce.Of course dessert is my favorite part of the meal. I picked the chocolate gelato. The creamy bitterness of the chocolate, paired with the sweet &  tart blackberry sauce and fresh whipped cream was heaven in my mouth. I think I licked my cup clean.I washed everything down with a glass of Riesling, which is also included in the prix fixe menu. How awesome is that? Salad, appetizer, main entree, dessert, and booze for $20? What a deal. A delicious one at that! Even at regular prices, everything seemed reasonably priced.The service here was excellent as well. Everyone was friendly, and the waiters even cracked jokes with us (inside joke: "chicken people!"). They do check on your table often, but they are always courteous and delightful. They also have multiple big screens all over the place, so it seems like a good place to catch the game, although I'm not too sure if they have happy hour.I'll have to come back to try their Seafood Linguine, and of course grab another cup of chocolate gelato! =)
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,1/2/2010,187,1126,12,19,10>I've been looking for a good inexpensive massage place in OC and I think I finally found it, thanks to my fellow Yelpers! Sure we'd all like the $125 massage at a fancy schmancy spa, but seriously, who's got that kind of cash nowadays? And with my desk job and marathon training  I've been REALLY needing a massage. I like Rescue Therapy Massage in Redondo Beach but it's too dang far! Enter Pure Sole. If you pay cash, the 1 hr massage is $25. For real. I made an appointment for Sunday morning, right at opening time. When I walked in it smelled strongly of incense and I noticed the fish tanks and remembered the thing about the fish pedicures--weird! I dunno if I'd ever get that, but it sure is interesting-sounding. Anyway, after a short wait I was led into their back massage room, which is a large hardwood floor space in soothing dark neutrals with new age-y music playing. There's an array of about 8-10 massage chairs with little curtain dividers. You don't get absolute privacy but you're not getting all nekkid either. You start off by sitting on a little ottoman by your chair and soaking your feet into a hot tub of water, and the masseuse (a really burly Thai lady) starts off with a neck and shoulder massage. She found the knots at the base of my neck and started working them right away, almost to the point of pain. If you're finding the pressure to be too much, just let the masseuse know and she'll adjust accordingly. After about 5 minutes of that, you lay face down on the massage chair and she goes to work! I tell ya, I was tenderized and stretched within an inch of my life and it was marvelous! They don't really have different types of massages, like a Swedish or Deep Tissue; it's more like "hard" or "soft" and they do a treatment that's like mostly deep tissue. Well whatever it was, I thought it was great and I got my money's worth. Some things that prevented this experience from being a 5-star: the young receptionist wasn't all that friendly and didn't really present a professional image while I was in the waiting area: she was surfing the web on a laptop with her back to me and I could see she was looking at some celebrity photo site and her underwear was hanging out of her pants--nice. And while I was getting the massage they were still in the process of cleaning and setting up for the day and I could hear the other workers conversing in the back room throughout. No complaints about the masseuse or the massage, though. This is a GREAT value and I'm definitely coming back for more.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,1/1/2010,98,135,16,16,16>My dear Yelpers, I have a confession to make.  I was a sushi slut before I met Sushi Murasaki.I 've had on again/off again relationships with Taiko and Kura Sushi before I had a brief fling with Sushi Wave, a one-night stand with Angotei, and some late night trysts with Kabuki (Yes, I am ashamed to admit it).However, my philandering days are over.  Cuz I've finally found a sushi joint that I wanna spend the rest of my life with.Like a life-long love, there is something really comforting about coming home to Murasaki.  I know that I will always be treated warmly no matter what time of day or what I order--whether it's a pedestrian bowl of udon or a full course omakase.  It is a place for all occasions, from a casual business lunch to a special dinner with your significant other.  For lunches, the combination specials cannot be beat.  $9-12 for your choice of teriyaki, sashimi, tempura, and california or spicy tuna roll.  $14.50 for some delectable chirashi that has more variety of fish than the LB Aquarium.  $9.50 for a bowl of tempura udon, and of course the roll mix and match combos ($10-14) for those who prefer more Americanized Japanese fare.   Dinner entrees are a few bucks more for most entrees, but the quality and variety of fish increases proportionally.The omakase experience at Sushi Murasaki is an epicurean delight brought to you by two of OC's most talented chefs, Tomu and Dai.  They are both very skilled at their trade but their styles slightly differ.  Tomu is more experimental and loves to use the torch so you will likely get more seared nigiri, while Dai is a purist at heart, often chanting his mantra "no dipping."  Some highlights include toro, kampachi, yellowtail belly, shima aji, blue fin tuna, and melt in your mouth uni.   For dessert, their sweet custard pudding with caramel is to die for.  Just save one for me, okay?All in all, Sushi Murasaki is the epitome of the perfect restaurant and how a life-long companion should be--you never get tired no matter how many times you see her.There is simply no one else that can compare.  Thank you, Sushi Murasaki, for keeping me faithful.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,12/31/2009,879,320,43,42,42>From the looks of it, Cream Pan may be some cutesy looking Japanese-French bakery.  However, don't let that fool you into letting your guard down.  Because once you do, that's when someone just swipes the uber famous "Strawberry Croissant" out from under you.Because when it comes to this famous Cream Pan delicacy, customers will practically elbow drop you in line to make sure they get at least one (or 30 of them), so much that you'd swear it was the second coming of the Great Depression where people were literally fighting over the last loaf of bread.  Literally, it's incredible, let me tell you.Unfortunately, I learned this the hard way when I decided to do my "good deed of the day" at Cream Pan, and let some woman go in front of me in line.  I should've expected something was up when 2 other people tried to pretend that I was talking to them, and subsequently tried to bum rush the line.  Sure enough, that woman bought out the last 35 Strawberry Croissants - did you hear me?  35 STRAWBERRY CROISSANTS, and did it without flinching. I was seriously so appalled at that moment that I actually tried to make small talk and said "wow, you must be taking them to a party...that would be such a great thing to bring!" And then she just shot me this death glare making me think they were all for her gluttonous little self.  Note - if you want to do your "good deed of the day," don't do it at Cream Pan.  You'll just screw yourself over like I did.Overall, the Strawberry Croissant is everything you'll hope for and more.  However, I much prefer their regular butter croissants, as I'm a simple kind of gal.  They are absolutely, positively, melt-in-your-mouth buttery goodness, and I could eat about 10 of them.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,12/30/2009,971,1413,11,17,18>Here's the lowdown!AMBIANCE: completely caught me off guard.  I expected this to be a ghetto, hole in the wall type place complete with the dingy dirt and grime.  None of that here!  Yes, the place is small, but it is a treasure in the heart of Santa Ana.  The place has a modern, NYC cafe feel to it with painted yellow walls offset by appropriate Venezuelan decor.  An outstanding review by the OC Register is subtly showcased and framed on the wall.SERVICE: excellent!!  Since today was my first time coming I walked right in and stared at the board menu for about a minute when the lady handed me a real menu - she said it'd be easier on the eyes.  I appreciate thoughtfulness.  She told me I could sit down and take my time if I'd like, which is exactly what I did.  Gave me time to read the descriptions and figure out exactly what arepa to get here.FOOD: gotta save the best for last!  I've had Mil Jugos bookmarked for over a year now, so my cravings for arepas were certainly intense.  The arepas throwdown with Bobby Flay got me running to yelp first thing to find the nearest arepas destination, and Mil Jugos was what popped out (with stellar reviews I might add).  Beyond arepas, they also offer breakfast and lunch sandwiches, cachapas (Venezuelan pancakes), salads, and freshly squeezed juices. I ordered the Carne Desmechada Arepa ($3.50): Most of their arepas are about this price, but the portion isn't very big (though one was actually quite filling for me).  It's a round, grilled corn bread filled with shredded beef cooked with garlic, tomatoes, onions, and red bell pepper.  The bread was THE BEST part of the arepa - it was firm enough on the outside to hold all the filling but so soft and delicious on the inside.  It came out PIPING HOT and STAYED HOT til the very last bite!!  The shredded beef was really flavorful too, but a little on the salty side.  They offer 2 types of homemade cilantro based sauces for you to use on your arepa.  Loved them both.  Yuuum!  All this wait for arepas was worth it cuz Mil Jugos is all it claims to be.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,12/29/2009,733,1325,6,13,9>Where else can you get grilled fish for under $10?  No where except for the California Fish Grill!  I love coming to this place for the variety of entrees they offer.  Fish tacos, fish burritos, fish & chips, and grilled fish.  My favorite dishes to get here are the grilled fish entrees which you can order either Cajun-style OR with garlic butter sauce.  But even better, order it Cajun-style WITH garlic butter sauce on the side.  The entree also comes with coleslaw, your choice of fries (which are crispy) or rice, but again you can get half & half fries & rice so it's a win-win there.  They have a variety of fish like halibut, ahi tuna, mahi mahi, roughy, and salmon.  They even have shrimp and calamari.  Even the grilled zucchini is delicious!  They offer a small selection of alcohol as well, if you are so inclined.  The place has a small patio outside and limited seating inside.  It does get busy during lunch hours.  It's a great place to get your serving of fish for the week.  Try it and you'll be surprised how good it is.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,12/28/2009,318,119,11,12,13>Dan Aykroyd ... Yes, you read right ... the amazingly funny Dan Aykroyd! Now you might be asking, why am I mentioning an amazing actor's name, in my favorite Wine Store's review?   I've been coming to this store since it opened next door to Best  Buys and I can honestly say ... it's so much better than BevMo! Not only do they carry huge amounts of Riesling and all my other favorite wines, they have a HUGE selection of Vodka, Tequila, Rum, Cognac and those cute little bottles, small enough to fit into your purse, so you can sneak them into the movie theather and pour into your large cup of coke or sprite! Hey, sometimes you need an extra kick to enjoy the movie you're being dragged to go see! The store is across the street from the movie theater ... Perfect Location!The store is clean and the staff is really friendly and helpful, plus they have a weekly wine tasting class, so if you want to try new wines, I really recommend going to one of their classes.I had signed up for their events notification online and one day, I opened my Inbox to find an e-mail that the great Dan Aykroyd was going to be there to promote his Vodka and Wine. So I lined up outside the store, I met him, shook his hand and told him I loved him. He signed a bottle of his Vodka (Crystal Head) and his "Dan Aykroyd" Wine.  (The store discounted the wine and Vodka for his event) He even signed my copy of Ghostbusters and Sgt Bilko!!!Apparently, they have a lot of "meet the makers" events.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,2/6/2012,978,311,19,24,20>I am a total control freak, and I hate new year's resolutions.  But this year I decided to reduce my personality type from A to A- (of course, this is no reflection of the grade I would receive, as, clearly, it would be an A), but, part of going for regular A to A- is to be more spontaneous.  Which is in part of what led me to OC Wine Mart on Saturday.  Since this place comes highly recommended by some of my most trusted yelpmigos, special thanks to wine martechie Sidney S. who joined me for a tasting or two, I knew I had to try it.  After a relaxing half day of movies and yoga, I found myself wanting to go, but, alas, I am type A and I like a plan.  Oh wait, I remembered I am now A-, so I'll just go!  And go, I did, and it paid off!  When I first walked in, I was the only one there.  Pleasant enough.  I liked spreading out throughout the tasting area, where I got a special tutorial from Audrey, who was manning the shop.  She was delightful, and we talked for a few minutes about all sorts of fun things.  Before anyone tells, I am not a true wine connoisseur, but I do enjoy a yummy and fun time.  Now that I am super spontaneous KT of 2012, and not controlly KT of yore, I was able to venture out of my wine comfort zone and try all sorts of wine.  I did, finally, settle on a Riesling, that I took home for a later meal.  Being spontaneous has its downfalls, I recently encountered.  I didn't eat lunch, and I was drinking wines called "Royal Bitch", OC Wine has a delish solution.  The exquisite cheese plate.  Even sharing, it was huge!  Filled me up for lunch and dinner.  Yum ... cheese + grapes + delish crackers = spontaneity paying off threefold.  I also (on a whim, look at me) picked up some delicate roons and some purple haze for later treats.  All in all, I am glad that I went, and I will return only this time for class!  I also will return for Audrey's truly touching rendition of "When Irish Eyes are Smiling", which had these Irish eyes smiling for a few days.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/5/2012,353,333,8,18,15>There are variables in the running of a restaurant you can control, and there are variables that you cannot.  One would think that a business would do everything possible to maximize efficiency in the variables they can control to help mitigate the independent ones.  I cannot tell you how many restaurants I have been to where, although the food may be good, the service makes me feel like I am somehow inconveniencing the staff for even showing up.  Mama D's leverages those controllable variables to an effect that is almost TOO much.  Seriously, the service is so good that you'll almost want them to go away they are so nice.  Someone has obviously been to business school, because they definitely know how to create a culture here.  Drawings on the walls from children (and adults)... check.  A manager who is always present and checking in with the patrons... check.  And a staff who is so committed to your experience (and food) being amazing that they will stop at nothing to get you there... check.And that's saying nothing about the food, which is fantastic.  I particularly enjoy the Chicken Chris, and especially the Spinach Ravioli, which I would highly recommend.  I'll go out on a limb here and say that the pink sauce just doesn't blow my mind in the way that everyone else describes it, and I made the mistake of mentioning that to my waiter one time who immediately took my plate from me and made me something else... great service again.  I had a bit of an issue here with my dish on this go because I asked for a half order of ravioli with chicken, and half with spinach, and I made the mistake of thinking they would come out on one plate so I ordered it with pink sauce.  What ended up happening was that it showed up on two plates, and I was charged the $2.00 a plate for sauce for both plates.  Not a huge deal, but something I think that the waiter should have confirmed with me. In the end, I continue to be blessed to have this restaurant 1 block from my house, and supremely enjoy the service and attention to detail that Mama D's provides.  I know of no other place in the Italian genre I can recommend any higher.4.5 Stars.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,2/3/2012,610,113,23,33,23>I was fortunate enough to get invited to Wesley's birthday dinner.  Wowzers, food and a show!!  A little note from the show:-Belly dance was originally thought to be developed as an aid to childbirth-Shiver or Shimmy - a shimmering vibration of the hips.-Hip hits - A movement of the hips out from the body.-Undulations - Fluid movements of the hips/chest/ab muscles in a circular or rotating fashion.Booiioing!!!  Meaty kebab anyone?Service - 5 StarsCleanliness - ExcellentPrice - $25.14 (includes tax and tip).Seafood - Yes, trout, salmon, shrimpMeats - Yes, chicken, beef, pork, lambVegetables - YesDessert - Yes, Baklava, Zoolbia, Bamieh, Bastani, Faloodeh, Makhloot.Fruits - N/AOther - (1) Located in the vicinity of Culver Drive and Scottsdale Drive, (2) Full bar and hookah lounge in the lobby, (3) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (4) 18% Gratuity will be added for parties of 6 or more.  (5) There will be a $20.00 cover charge for each guest not ordering Main Entrees.What was Ordered:Merlot ($5.00) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - I have no idea what brand it was, but it was $5 for approximately a 6 oz glass of wine ... on a Sunday.  That makes me happy.Chicken Koobideh ($14.99) - Yay! I'm a fan (4 Stars) - Lean ground chicken, skewered and charbroiled, served on a bed of fluffy basmati rice with grilled tomato.  Let me break it down for you:*Lean ground chicken - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - 2 kebabs of lean ground chicken.  The kebabs are approximately 9 inches in length.  They came out beautifully in a golden color with nice chars on the edges.  They are delicious--perfectly moist and tender.  Tasted awesome--you get that moist chicken taste and the char gives it delectable grill taste.*Basmatic rice - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Bed of rice is an understatement--more like Mt. Fuji of rice.  This is not a bad thing for me because I love rice.  Basmatic rice is a long grained rice that is free flowing and not sticky--also very aromatic.  The rice is definitely very fluffy and wonderful--I took half for lunch for the next day.*Grilled tomato - A-Ok (3 Stars) - They charred a tomato like you do with a pepper--until the skin is black.  The tomato was approximately tennis ball sized.  The tomato was mild in taste and the char gave it a nice smoke flavor to the tomato.Everyone's food looked amazing and there were no complaints about the food at all.  Caspian is definitely "The Finest in Persian Cuisine" ... in Irvine.  I've been thinking that I need to go back very soon.  I'm going to have to put on my Caspian jersey because I'm a big Fan ... the belly dancing cheerleaders is not bad either.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/2/2012,442,800,21,22,24>The Playground has reached into my foodie soul and "Quinntessentially" captured that biomatter of awesome we call food.    I don't like to use words like EPIC or Legend...(wait for it) Ary, but that was my experience at The Playground.  I don't even think "food" is a good enough term to describe their food.  For the rest of this review, I shall now refer to their "food" as "awesome."For those who haven't met Jason Quinn, he is a man with a passion for awesome.  I visited the Lime Truck religiously and on many occasions enjoyed their plated dishes, which were so fantastic I couldn't wait for Jason to open up a brick and mortar.  Jason suggested he just bring out the awesome:First out were the Brussels Sprouts: Fried brussels sprouts so good that you could slap yo mamma for her inferior, bitter greens. Baby Turnips:  If you pulled these out of the ground on Super Mario Brothers 2, you would be eating them instead of throwing them.  Well done on presentation and execution!Hand Cut Fries: a great fry served with an aioli sauce.  Charred Okra: These were a great snack. Okra usually has a bad reputation, but The Playground brings it back to the spotlight with it's good texture and flavor.  The After School Special: This is what I wanted my mom to make when I was a kid.  Comforting, cheesy, and perfect. Burn in Hell Shrimp: It may have been small, but it packed the flavor.  Spicy Noodle Salad:  It was delightful, but I didn't feel the heat.  It just tasted like delicious noodles.    Playground Burger: Kobe/Wagyu cheeseburger served with carmelized onions on a bun.  It was cooked medium rare, which made this beautiful piece of meat flavorful.  You can seriously hear the foodgasms from my group.  You could burn in hell if you ask for anything past Med Rare.Half Brick Jidori Chicken: Absolutely tender chicken, but I think it needed more flavor.  Szechwan Snow Crab: A whole pound of snow crab.  I love digging through exoskeletons, so I was all for this.  Crab meat was tender and the sauce it came with complimented it so well.  Very Large & Quite Delicious Pork Chop: The name says it all.  Truly the best pork chop I've ever eaten.  Head-On Prawn:  These babies are U-4!  I've never seen a restaurant serve that size.  A quarter pound per shrimp!  It was served with super garlic aioli and arugula.  It was beautiful.  I watched with envy as my friends ate this one.yelp.com/biz_photos/Xzs9…Lemon & Poppy Seed Creme Brulee: The custard was not set properly, so it was like eating soup, but damn good soup it was.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Xzs9…Pixie Tangerine Pudding  with vanilla and pistachio: I really loved this pudding.  It was light and delightful on the tongue.  It was a great was to finish off this eating adventure.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Xzs9…I haven't been this excited about a new restaurant in quite some time. Jason, when you read this I would love if you served a bone marrow dish in the future.   5 stars all the way (Shout out to my Yelp OC foodie family for the grand time.  You guys are badass.)
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,2/1/2012,193,232,17,23,20>Sushi Noguchi was the venue for a wonderful evening of friends, fun, and food for our little dining group of OC Yelpers (and a few of our non-yelping spouses). My wife and I were fortunate to have the company of Chris and Donna D, Chad A, Dave G & family, plus we got to meet Jeena E and her husband Aaron. I am certain that most of you are familiar with these "heavy hitting" yelpers and their reviews - If you are not already a fan of this group of "all-star" reviewers, I suggest you check them out - you'll become one right away (I did!). Needless to say, the company was beyond 5 stars! Of special note - 5 stars to Dave and Christina's little daughter Lainey - she did such a great job hanging with us at the sushi bar for about 3 hours. That's not an easy task for a lot of kids - I'm pretty sure most of the credit goes to Christina on that one!I have waited to write my review until after most of the others in our party have written theirs - as someone suggested - I could've just posted this review with the simple words  "See Jeena, Dave, Chris and Chad's reviews - what they said." In fact, that would be very useful - we had quite a few of the same dishes, they did a great job with their descriptions of the food, the restaurant in addition they took some nice pictures - no point in attempting to improve upon their perfection! Let me give you some general impressions - If you have read my other 5 star sushi review - you will see what I consider to be my perfect sushi place. SN is tied for the top spot in this search. SN while not perfect, is a 4.5 star round up to a 5 - due to  the incredible job that the husband and wife ownership team of Hiro and Jun Noguchi did as our hosts, and their assistance in setting up this little PYE.The food - High quality, fresh salmon, hamachi and toro. Plating and presentation were always top notch!  Sushi is an art form!!!  Perfect Kobe Beef tataki.Many middle of the road places won't have always have toro, and those that do sometimes end up freezing it - not here - it was very impressive. The prices are unapologetically a little on the high end - due to the step up in quality. SN may not have as many types of imported species as Ohshima,  but HIro and Jun are Japanese immigrants - and their place leans towards the traditional - you aren't going to see a "Yorba Linda" roll - but you are going to see a more creative omakase than at Ohshima. If they have the ingredients they'll make you that favorite roll of yours. I went with the fixed price menu that Jun and I had set up for the group - but it wasn't really what my wife and I tend to order, so I need to get back in there and experience more of what Hiro can do! I would like to see them have cream cheese in the house, and they didn't have fresh diced wasabi available - although it seemed that there was a little chunky fresh wasabi mixed in with their regular wasabi paste. If you want to put together a sushi party - this is the place! I highly recommend working with Jun! She faithfully returned all of my communications - even giving me her cell phone number in case I had any last minute questions. She made menu suggestions, listened to, and even implemented my suggestions. She gave us seating options and held the corner spots on the sushi bar for us, which made conversation -and the overall evening- very enjoyable. Her attitude the entire time was to do whatever she could for my friends to be happy. Yelp is really about people - people who care about providing quality products, and services for others, sure they want to make a buck, but the places that have top reviews are due to people like Hiro, Jun and her staff who were all genuinely enjoying the fact that we were having a successful visit. Everyone felt like they were a special guest. A "must do" tip - check out the pictures on the wall - they are pictures from the lives of Hiro, Jun, and their family - they bring warmth to the clean lines and minimalistic decor.So now I have 2 "go to" sushi homes - each a bit different in there approach - but both with great fish, and great people. We'll definitely be back - hopefully soon and with prolific sushi reviewer Steven N!!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,1/31/2012,480,320,11,16,17>We've driven by shopping center fairly often and didn't realize this little restaurant was even here until yesterday. Hidden in a shopping area near Orange Park Acres (across from Santiago Community College), Da Bianca Trattoria is a real gem. Since I don't get to take my son out to a nice dinner very often, finding this restaurant last night was a wonderful surprise.We got here for an early dinner and were amazed by how great everything was. We started off with the garlic bread, and it was so good. With just the right amount of garlic and butter, eating one piece of the bread just wasn't enough. I ordered the Chicken Marsala, and it had the best marsala sauce I've had in a while. I was really in the mood for a lighter meal, and the Chicken Marsala was heavenly. My son, the pint-sized pasta lover, ordered the Penne Pasta with the marinara sauce. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce had a wonderful blend of spices.The service was also great here. Our waiter (Will) was friendly and attentive. When my son and I finished our bread, another freshly baked basket of bread seemed to magically appear. We really appreciate how helpful our wait staff was.I think we found our new favorite Italian restaurant. With great food and good service, we definitely plan on coming back really soon!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,1/30/2012,915,683,16,20,20>This place gets an extra star because I didn't have to pay for food this great. The boss picked this spot for our Christmas dinner as he used to be a regular. The ambiance is def bistro-ish with the feeling of dining in an outdoor patio, at least in the front room. Very roomy and comfortable.We had passed around appetizers and the stuffed mushrooms were amazing. So flavorful, stuffed with spinach, artichoke hearts, Parmesan and Mozzarella cheeses, with herb garlic butter. Will return soon just to have another go at this delish appy. I def ordered the best entree selection at our table: Osso Bucco. I have had this dish many times at many dif restos and this is possibly the best I have tried. From their on-line menu: "16 oz bone-in, braised for four hours in our special red wine sauce. Incredibly tender and flavorful and served with a generous amount of creamy mushroom risotto." True all of that, whatever he said. That 4 hours of braising permeated the meat through to the bone with that red wine, garlic, and herbs . If you have never tried Osso Bucco here is your chance to start a life long obsession the right way.  I had to pass around several bites as many at our end had never heard of, much less tried, this favorite meat dish of mine. Since it was such a huge portion I was more than happy to share. The service for our large party of 16 was off the charts. I forget the main waiter's name, but someone said he has worked here for years. He had all of the proper attributes: helpful, cheerful, quickful, wonderful, and any other ful adjectives, made up words or not. And most importantly, he kept my wine glass half full (halful?) at all times. We had a couple dif reds floating by but the Mac Murray Ranch Pinot Noir was my personal fave. Perfect with the shrooms and Osso Bucco. Everyone raves about their souffle's here, but I thought they were just OK. It may be that my entree and wine had my taste-buds still in an orgasmic state because the 2 or 3 bites I had were kinda bland.In perusing the on-line menu they really offer great value for this quality of food and service.  My Osso Bucco was $28, same for the rib-eyes, with $27 Filet Mignon's.  Looks like the boss picked a winner, and I cant wait to return even on my dime. Glad I didn't have to, but it is now my belief that I would have awarded that 5th star even if I had payed for my own meal.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,1/29/2012,1193,763,20,28,26>**Review 400**For my 400th review, I'm taking you all to the park! This particular park is not equipped with a slide, swings or a teeter-totter. The park were going to,= contains delicious food, decadent desserts and lovely cocktails. Folks, I'm taking you to the restaurant Park Avenue, a playground for adults. Park Ave, which is located in the tiny OC suburb of Stanton (where?), looks more like a classic 50's diner or even somebody's home than a fine dining restaurant. Just like somebody's home, Park Ave actually has a fenced in backyard and a garden. However, once you walk inside Park Ave you are surrounded by elegant yet retro furniture and decor. It's almost as if when you step through the front doors of this establishment you are transported back to the 50's or 60's, to a fancy steakhouse located somewhere in middle America.Right when my fiance and I were seated we were brought out complimentary bread and crackers, both of which were really good. We then proceeded to order their homemade potato chips with sea salt and homemade ranch dressing, a wedge salad with bacon and blue cheese dressing and a small bowl of French onion soup. The chips had a nice salty flavor and had crispy edges and a soft center. The salad was crisp and refreshing. The French onion soup was loaded with caramelized onions, big soft croutons and a thick layer of melted, gooey Swiss cheese. This may have been the best French onion soup I have ever had. For dinner I ordered a granny smith apple, golden raisin and white bread stuffing stuffed pork chop with mashed potatoes and spinach. I also ordered a side of their poached pear risotto. The pork chop was super juicy and extremely tender. The ingredients that were sandwiched in the chop gave this delicious piece of pork a extremely flavorful and unique taste. The potatoes were super creamy and buttery and the spinach, which came from their own garden, was excellent. The poached pear risotto had both a salty and sweet flavor. I loved how it actually had big chunks of real pears in it. My fiance ordered their 5 spiced baked salmon that was drizzled with mustard and Sage Ranch honey. Her Salmon was sat atop a bed of scallion brown rice and spinach. I'm not a big seafood fan but her salmon tasted wonderful. It didn't have a strong fish flavor and because of the mustard and honey, it was both somewhat sweet and spicy. Her rice and spinach were both great as well.To go along with her meal, my fiance ordered a chocolate tangerine martini. This drink was super tasty and also super strong. After just this one drink, my soon to be wife was already a bit tipsy. For dessert we shared a chocolate molten lava cake with vanilla bean ice cream and a peanut butter ice cream sundae with homemade marshmallow cream, chocolate chips and caramel sauce. The molten lava cake was so rich and chocolaty. Both the ice creams we had, the PB and vanilla bean, were made in house by the pastry chef and they were both amazing. The service here was top notch. Our waiter, whose name was Keith, was on point all evening. He made sure our drinks were always full and he checked up on us every few minutes to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. The prices here were not bad either. Our entire bill was about a hundred dollars, which is not bad considering all the food we had. If your looking for a romantic place to take your sweetheart, then look no further than Park Avenue in Stanton (where?). This place has it all!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,1/28/2012,1018,364,22,38,26>I don't know how many vendors some Yelpers expect at a Certified Farmer's Market. It's a little underwhelming and eye roll worthy reading some of these reviews. In reality, this farmer's market is a great size and has a great selection. You have OPTIONS on which vendors apples/tomatoes/broccoli/persimmons/etc look and smell better and there are samples galore to try before you buy.Does your local Albertson's offer that on their [trucked in from insert name of country, not California or even the United States, here] selection of produce...?My local Albertson's doesn't even carry Mutsu apples. Neither does Trader Joe's, Fresh & Easy, and oh yeah, I didn't see any the last time I was at Whole Foods, either. Apples are good for you. Mutsu apples are GREAT for you. You will find them here on a lucky, in season day.At this certified farmer's market you WILL find fresh veggies and fruit, in season ath the best prices in town.You will also find delicious roasted almonds from Hopkins AG, fresh goat cheese from Drake Family Farms (the jalapeno goat cheese is mouthwatering good in an omelette), the most amazing rosemary garlic sourdough bread from Old Town Bakery, every kind of hummus you can think of at Baba Foods, as well as local honey (recommended if you have allergies), fresh cut flowers, baked goods and sweet, seafood caught right out there in the Pacific... Small? Hardly. Perfect, more like. It's not just a suggestion... it's an order! Support your LOCAL farmers. Support California!!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/27/2012,677,614,12,16,15>I am fortunate that Sweet and Saucy shop is so close by since I frequent the store quite often to take goodies with me to birthdays and family gatherings.  Their cupcakes, cake pops, cookies are absolutely delectable and I've been a fan since they opened shop. When I started wedding planning, there were a lot of things I had to look into and search for but the cake and dessert table items were not one of them. Sweet and Saucy Shop was my one and only choice in that arena and I am happy to say it was a good one because the cake and sweets at the reception were extraordinary.My husband and I went in for a tasting about 5 months before our wedding date and tried a variety  of items. We knew we wanted a cake but we also wanted a dessert bar with different types of sweets. We made an appointment  and met with Hayley who coordinated everything with us till the actual day of the wedding. At the meeting, we picked out the different items we wanted to try and also looked through a variety of photos to get ideas for our cake design. We were hoping  to get customized flavors for our cake and Sweet and Saucy was open to doing so, even allowing us to drop off a jar of Yuzu marmalade on a later date to see if they could make a cake flavor with it. They were very accommodating and communication was always very timely.We eventually settled on a 4 tier floral design cake with flavors of coconut and passion fruit. For our dessert bar, we had a variety of cake pops, mini cupcakes, cake shooters, and pies. We also rented cake stands from the store to match our wedding colors and to enhance the appearance of the display.The dessert display that was put together at the reception was absolutely gorgeous and we were blown away by how everything came together, especially the cake (see photos for reference). The desserts went FAST so we can only assume everything tasted as good as they looked (everything went so fast we didn't even get a chance to taste anything!). In the end, we were very pleased with our choice in having Sweet and Saucy Shop  do our cake and sweets and we would recommend them in a heartbeat.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2008,3/1/2009,154,178,6,9,7>Picking a place to eat for lunch is always a dilemma. There's nothing exciting this morbid City they call Orange offers. Well, driving to the local McDonald's and ready to get my SUPER SIZE on. I saw that a Italian place was opening up. Sweet! I no longer have to subject myself to mediocre burgers and irregular heart beats I could finally eat a decent and semi healthy lunch!I excitedly walked in and was pretty impressed. The environment is clean and warm. The restaurant is a fast food alternative smartly conveying a Pasta Pomodora / Macaroni Grill vibe. The menu offers everything a Italian restaurant could offer. From Salads, Wraps, Sandwiches, Pastas, Pizzas, and Deserts. I opted to go with a traditional Fusilli Lugano, which was a corkscrew pasta with mild Italian sausage and mushrooms in a light spicy tomato sauce. The dish was fine. I didn't find anything exciting about the dish. I was more impressed with the smartly packaged condiments that came with my To Go order. With my order they did include a side of freshly  baked mini garlic bread!I think I'll have to give this place another try while dining in. -----------------Rye's Notes:-Will give the Baked Pasta and Pizza a twirl next time around.-Don't be mislead with the drive through window. You'll be waiting there for eternity.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,2/28/2009,356,117,6,14,13>Big homemade tortillas and free appetizer chips, refried beans & salsas (salsa verde/tomatillo, and salsa roja/red chile).This place looks like a typical hole-in-the-wall place... but has good  service and is fast and friendly.The food is great and has a homemade taste.What we tried:  - 3 tacos ($1.75 ea): I got carne asada, carnitas, and lengua.  They are served with homemade tortillas which are big, soft and thick and are topped with chopped onions and cilantro.  The tacos also come with lime wedges and fresh sliced radishes that you can add into the taco or eat on the side.        * Carne Asada (steak): moist and beefy, but doesn't really have a "steaky" taste.      * Carnitas (roasted pork): tastes like some goood carnitas.  Tender and flavorful.      * Lengua (beef tongue): I'm a big fan of lengua, which tastes like really tender juicy stewed beef.  And this one was verry tender, beefy and juicy.  You almost don't have to chew!    - Al Pastor Huarache (~$5): The Al Pastor (pork marinated and grilled on a spit and thinly sliced) was a bit sweeter than I usually like, but it was pretty good.  Richard T. really liked it.  In Spanish, huarache means sandal.  The Huarache is kinda of like a tostada but with a big oval very thick soft tortilla instead of the crispy tortilla.    - Mojarra Frita a la Diabla: Whole deep fried fish with spicy ground chile rub.  The fish meat was so flaky that you can just eat sections of the fish and it will flake apart.  The spicy diabla seasoning was just right and complimented the fish.  My friend said that they can make the diabla seasoning spicier.  The fish comes with rice, beans and shredded lettuce with a little guacamole.  - Camarones al mojo de ajo: butterflied shrimp sauteed in garlic butter sauce.  The flavor was fantastic!  The only drawback was that the shrimp still had the shell on, so it slows you down from devouring the shrimp whole.  The shrimp plate came with rice and beans as well.This is a great little place that's close to my work.  I ate there last week and I've been thinking about the food almost every day at work.  Must...go...back... soon!!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2008,2/27/2009,141,10,10,10,10>OH EM EFF GEE!!!!I've heard so much about the prolific executive chef James Boyce but to master his out of this world delicious menu, wow, that's just beyond words. Imagine a 5 star rating food in  10000 star dining room thats perched atop of Laguna Beach's prettiest cliff. The sunset views are beautifully phenomenal. I went here 2 weeks ago for my birthday with the family. We sat at the Chef's table which totally enhanced our experience. I had the Waguyu steak while the rest of the family thoroughly enjoyed the 6 dishes of the Chef's tasting menu. I abhor bread baskets in restaurants. Complex carbohydrate are among my least favorite words. But I sold my soul for their sweet anise. PLENTY OF DELECTABLE DISHES in sight. Some favorites include chilled hog oysters ( yum and aphrodisiac, double yum) , their honey cured pork belly is to die for, so tender and juicy to the very last bite, or dare I say, lick?  Salmon was also delicious. I had the molten cake a la mode (Hawaiian ginger with a kick of French vanilla - whatever it was, that's so 1200+ calories and intoxicatingly good, dubwee tee eff) with pralines for my birthday treat. Food was so beautiful and I managed to savor every $20 bite. I seriously give hella  props for people who remember exactly how the dishes look like or their the exact names to yelp later on...For me,  I just remembered how the food tasted, and how I felt upon tasting that heavenly  bite......I must say I want that to be my last meal on earth. That's how good it was.  My first visit was a year ago with one of the prettiest boys I've ever encountered, daym,  gallant boy knew how  to romance a girl by taking her to the Montage. I think everything was so lovely that evening that I couldn't help but put out on the first date. But here I am, a year later , still frequenting this place every so often when luxury indulgence growls in my stomach and the special occasion calls for. You owe it up to yourself to check out this place. As an OC native, this is my elite favorite for fine dining. Hands down. I'm happily dropping Benji's for such gastronomic ecstasy, wonderful ambiance, and first class  frou frou accommodation. I devoured so much that  I barely nibbled their chocolate truffles at the end of the meal.. Who's ever happy with a full wallet and an empty stomach anyways?  Pick a fight if you like but when it comes to quality, one should never cut corners. Studio got its proverbial status for a reason.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,2/26/2009,231,963,10,12,13>I've been here about 20 times. I have tried the wines, I have tried some of the food.I have had the Baked Brie (4 stars), the Chocolate Fondue (4 1/2 stars), and the Dip Trio (2 stars).Tonight I tried the Large Cheese Platter, and I tasted heaven. The waiter told us in detail what all the cheeses were and where they were from, but I was so tipsy that I wasn't paying attention.All I know is...it was amazing. There is one the waiter said "was like butter" and it really was. And OMG the one they combine with the honey comb?? I NEED it at my house. I need to go back, sober, and talk to them about these cheeses. I need to find out where I can buy them. I need them in stock in my fridge. Maybe I will go back tomorrow...
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,2/25/2009,12,799,12,19,19>FIRST!This store has been here for over 30 years. Mark Alterman is currently the ring master and he never fails to provide the highest levels of customer satisfaction. I often find myself coming by purely to chat with him. An amazing story teller, conversationalist, and a stellar jeweler, Mark has time and time again helped me to find what I need even when I'm not sure what that is.His keen eye for detail and quality along with his select inventory of rings, earrings, and necklaces provide a refined collection of simple and elegant pieces that even pleases my highly critical senses.The store itself is quaint and cozy. Always kept clean and welcoming, there's a feeling of family when you walk in. Perhaps it's because this store has been passed down from a previous generation. Much like the Norton Simon versus the Huntington, Alterman Jewelers has a small but highly selective collection. If you are in want of something that doesn't sparkle at you in the many display cases in-store, Mark will find what you want with only a couple of phone calls. He's special ordered jewelry for me and the wait time was only a week.Come for the quality and stay for the conversation. Mark is never short on his ability to make you feel like a valued friend and never, ever like just another customer.I am not a big jewelry buff but Alterman Jewelers has been my default for almost ten years and will continue to be so for as long as they stand.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2009,2/22/2009,184,80,8,14,11>Sweet Jesus, this place serves up a damn tasty sandwich.After reading all the raves I had to come here. It really is an inconspicuous and authentic German deli ironically placed next to a Weinershnitzel.Sometimes simple really is best. I ordered the bratwurst sandwich on a french roll and also had a side of German potato salad. The bratwurst was flavorful and juicy, the bread was fluffy and moist, the sauerkraut had the perfect texture and the mustard was not overpowering. The pickles were delicious as well but personally I would have preferred them to be less sweet.If you've never had German potato salad it's almost like having extra, extra, chunky mashed potatoes. I could taste the butter, bacon, onion and splash of vinegar. It's served hot and isn't drowning in mayonnaise like American potato salad. As all the reviews say, take a number as soon as you walk in. I thought I was lucky when I didn't see many cars in the parking lot but when I walked in it was like a madhouse, thirty minutes before closing. Make sure you are loud when your number is called or you will be quickly passed as my bf and I experienced. I found it kind of amusing when the counter lady yelled "Speak up!" in response, lol.I felt a little intimidated at first because I was walking into a German deli with predominately German customers, who speak German.  (Trust me people, you know what I'm talking about if you've ever been to a Korean BBQ).However, the staff and owners are super friendly. You could tell there were so many regulars there from the friendly atmosphere.  I recommend Mattern's to anyone who appreciates an excellent sandwich and quality ingredients. Prices are very fair too. I'm a fan, it is totally worth the wait and the drive out.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,2/21/2009,348,191,9,9,8>Last year, Chanel released "Blue Satin" and I had to have it. I picked it up from Neiman's one day and during a long break before class, went to Nailtique to get a manicure because I was afraid of screwing it up myself (I don't think I need to point out that mistakes with dark polish really show up) and had heard good reviews. I don't remember who did my nails, but she did a great job - my nails had never looked better (partly thanks to Chanel), and I couldn't be happier. While watching her apply a quick dry coat, I also picked up on some tips of what products to buy so I can do a somewhat good job at home. It was like a learning experience that I paid less than $20 for. That's more than I can say about being in college, but that's another story.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2008,2/20/2009,238,202,7,10,11>This is a great lunch or even a great dinner pick-up spot.  Very rarely these days have I seen a menu and have been confounded by all the great choices, but this happened to me at Zov's.  They have a tasting menu which changes each day and is a great deal - $15 or so for an appetizer or side salad, entree, and dessert.  I got the angel hair pasta with a side caesar, and both were delicious (although the pasta was a bit cold and sticking to itself).  My friends really enjoyed their salads, hummus, and sandwiches.  We didn't get to try dessert because we were all so full, but I'll definitely be swinging by for a visit to the glass case.The space is big enough to handle very large groups and alleviate a wait, and there is a really charming patio.  Service was very friendly and fast to deliver the food, but we had to prod to get the check and have someone take our order.  (We were a large group, so maybe they thought we were waiting for more people.)  I thought it was going to be expensive because of all the snazzy fare, but when the bill came, I was surprised at how small it was!This is definitely going into the non-fast-food, after-work pickup rotation.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,2/19/2009,166,29,5,7,9>Finally tasted what real ramen is supposed to taste like. I didn't come in here expecting much since every type of ramen I've had has been some sort of instant one you make at home.  This small place is located inside the Mitsuwa supermarket's food court in the back.  Once you're in you'll know which one is Santouka because it's the only one with a longass line.  The line so long it covers the counter at it's neighboring chinese food joint.  I wonder how those places even stay in business with Santouka around.  Everyone seem to had ramen on their minds and I was hesitate to get in line but I figure I drove down here for this so why the hell not.  Wait in line was about 10 minutes.  Wait for food was about another 10 minutes. WELL WORTH IT even at $8-9 bucks a bowl.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,2/18/2009,35,197,17,20,18>WARNING: If you are light in the pocketbook, stay back. Refrain from satisfying your meat tooth. At all costs stay away or face financial ruin.If you've a loaded account, or loooooove credit cards, RUN - DON'T WALK - to Mastro's for a kick-ass experience you'll soon never forget.Cocktails? Stout and made to orderSides? Necessary and ridiculously goodDessert? Oh Yes.Steak? F*ing orgasmic. Period.We recently dined in the M Bar, which albeit loud, possesses a nice atmosphere, especially with the live keyboard/vocalist covering such standards as Sweet Caroline, Get Back and Knock on Wood. Noisy, but comfortable, non-screaming noisy.The traditional dining room is just as spectacular, with get-it-on romantic lighting. Upstairs, you have the banquet space, which is sandwiched around a full bar. So when you are done schmoozing your boss, step outside to schmooze your heavy-handed cocktail.The service? Impeccable. We were recently greeted by someone who  made great suggestions, and - while boastful - really knew her meat. We accepted several of her picks and were thoroughly satisfied.For this most recent trip, we killed a few cocktails - the ladies scored the lemon drop martinis. The glasses sported dry ice, so when the waitress poured out of the shaker, gas billowed out of that drink for a good 15 minutes - looked like a science experiment. Hey! Bill Nye!We skipped the apps and dove straight into the steak. A tasty bone-in rib eye grilled to perfection. The boss had a bone-in filet with crab and bernaise sauce - whoa. We all split the gorgonzola mac & cheese, sauteed mushrooms and au gratin potatoes. It was all amazing. For dessert, the chocolate pudding cake with fresh cream? OH YES.My mouth is watering. Yours is too I'm guessing. Go ahead, drop a couple bills at Mastro's.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/14/2014,189,154,27,36,29>We all know that wait times can be a fiasco at some restaurants on the weekends. After reading several positive Yelp reviews about The Coffee Shop Cafe , we were sure to come for breakfast on a weekday for that reason.The cafe is in a cute neighborhood with residential street parking as our only option. Even this morning (Tuesday) there was a small gathering of people waiting outside. But during the wait you can help yourself to a cup of Joe at their self serve coffee table inside.The interior is clean and crisp, makes you feel right at home. While there is no outside seating, the inside offers comfy booths, tables and a counter. It has a huge menu, my wife ordered the Apple Honey Sausage Scramble ($8.25), 3 eggs, apple honey sausage, of course, with cheddar cheese. My daughter had the Baja Burrito ($8.95), 3 eggs, brown rice, black beans and cheese topped with avocado & sour cream. I opted for David's Scrambler ($9.75), 3 eggs, ham, bacon, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, cheese with avocado & sour cream, I love you David!The portions are large and the food is delicious. It goes to show you that good things do come to those that wait. Oh yeah, no plastic is accepted so have cash in hand.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/13/2014,589,371,21,27,22>Ever since this location opened, my friends have been RAVING about it.  I was thinking, "What's the big deal?  It's just pizza?"  But of course, being the inquisitive person I am about food, I eventually had to try it out to see for myself what all the hype was about.Long lines.  Yes.  That can become a problem.  Especially when you're super hungry for food, and know you still have to assemble a pizza and it also has to cook.  This place gets crowded.  Months after it's opened, and the line is still ridiculous.  But I waited, and I liked what I had.As everyone told me before, and it seems to be the consensus on Yelp as well, this place is the Chipotle of pizzas.  Whatever toppings you want for $7.50.  No, you don't have to pay extra for things, it's a flat rate of $7.50, no matter how much or how little you decide to put on that thin ten inch crust.My pizza?  Butter herb with extra red sauce, extra cheese, sausage, artichoke, tomatoes, and basil.  Yumm.  It's a personal size pizza, but I'm a wimp, and probably could have shared it with someone as i only ate half my pizza.A great new addition to Lakewood.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/12/2014,665,388,18,28,19>A friend and I recently saw a review for this restaurant in a local newspaper, and were determined to give it a shot when another friend came back to town on leave. We were not disappointed!It was certainly going to be a busy place that day, as at least 2 of the large tables were reserved, but they managed to fit the three of us in. We started off with a mix of fried and fresh spring rolls. I found the meat in the fresh spring roll a bit dry, but it was still tasty. I also really enjoyed the steak which is almost all fat; the way i like it. Both of us had pho, so as to have a somewhat standard dish to compare with other pho in this city (and others). The broth was just about perfect. The noodles were wider than we're used to at other Vietnamese restaurants in town, and there was lots of meat. The medium was a bit smaller than we were accustomed to, but we weren't complaining, since it tasted so good you didn't need to add any additional sauces or flavorings. We also tried lemongrass chicken with crispy rice and wings with chili/garlic base sauce which was the best. This place did not disappoint. They brought there A-game on every meal we had.The prices were on par with other similar restaurants, but I think the quality of the food was above-par. The service was also really great - very nice, helpful, and fast. I look forward to going back again soon to start trying some of the other dishes on the menu.There are a few parking spots in the front of the business, and there is street parking on bolsa and neighboring streets. However, it can get very busy in that area on the weekends and evenings, so you may want to either park next block across the street and walk it.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/11/2014,171,165,15,17,16>The first time I was here with my wife, I enjoyed the experience, but it was more like 3*.  The oyster menu was confusing, with varieties listed that were not available. And I was turned off by the Naked Cowboy/Cowgirl oysters that they seemed to push on us. But yesterday for lunch was a whole different experience!  Located in the OC Mix, this is in the same building as the little shops and Portola Coffee.  They have altered the decor a bit, making it softer, and most importantly, they have simplified the oyster menu.  There are now 12 varieties to choose from, and you know they are available. Much better. Our server, Natalie, was very helpful. When we told her what types/textures of oysters we liked, she made spot-on recommendations. There were 4 of us, so we tried 4 different types of oysters (4 dozen seemed about right!). Our favorites were the Kusshi from WA and the  Island Creek from MA. Both were firm, yet tender, medium in size, with terrific brine flavor.  The presentation was on lots of ice, with the oysters very clean, and fresh.  The options change frequently, so ask which ones might be best for you, if you're not sure. Oyster condiments of freshly grated horseradish, a red hot sauce, and onions and stuff in vinegar are provided to the table. Kinda the usual. We mostly ate our oysters with a squeeze of lemon, and maybe a hint of one of the condiments. Each oyster costs $3, which may seem expensive. But I was schooled the other night by a well-known chef in DTSA who I will only identify by initials (JQ) as to why. It's the next-day freshness. Ok, I get it. Mea culpa for ever complaining!  These were worth every penny!We also shared the Sausage and Clams. ORDER THIS!  Delicious. The sausage is crumbled over the clams, and the two together are a perfect match. And the red broth!  It is sublime. We kept ordering more of the grilled bread (very tasty!) to dip in the sauce. We all thought it would make a killer Bloody Mary base. Shuck should package this and sell it by the quart. We finished up sharing the basic grilled cheese. It was perfectly grilled, with the cheese soft but not runny.  It was cut into five pieces, and it was plenty for us to share. And, yes, we did dip it into the broth from the Sausage and Clams dish!  They have a small, but very decent, beer and wine list (they amazingly had a 2000 Pol Roger Winston Churchill Champagne!  Impress your date with that one!).  Corkage is free, and we brought Champagne, Chardonnay and Muscadet to pair. We had a great time. I'm sure we'll be back soon. I could repeat yesterday's meal again right now!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,5/10/2014,286,190,13,19,18>Right off the bat, I'd like to express my affinity for Persian food. This cuisine boasts rich colors, flavors and textures that your senses should not be deprived of. If you haven't ever tried Persian food, something in your life needs to change.The Hen House is the dwarfed neighbor to culturally grandiose Wholesome Choice.  However, the patrons of this establishment will experience a more relaxed, culturally intimate environment. On the walls are posters of the beautiful regions in Iran that the media never represents; The ancient ruins, majestic castles, and modern architecture that most ethnocentric, western history books fail to include.What sets this restaurant apart is not its proximity to my campus or diverse menu selection. (The vegetarian options here are delicious. The Kashke Badmjan is creamy and vegetal-The kind of dish that you will crave and return for.) What impresses me most here, is the ever-welcoming customer service. Too often, there is an uncomfortably palpable cultural division between customer and staff in an ethnic restaurant. I've been to (unfortunately) too many eateries where there was a missing sense of community, of unity. The Hen House does not suffer this disparity. All customers are greeted with the same warm smile and treated with patience and appreciation. The manager, Afshin, will hold the door, help carry food to a getaway vehicle, and have a discussion on Persian language and culture for and with anyone. (He is an old soul and you really ought to talk with him.)I love it.If you're looking for a quick cultural expedition, you need look no further. Here, you'll be treated kindly, enjoy a delicious, authentic meal, and maybe even learn a thing or two about the world outside of Orange County.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,5/9/2014,231,963,14,18,14>OC Wine Mart in Irvine is great, but let's be honest...I am lazy and I hate to drive. So, an OC Wine Mart AND Deli in my neighborhood is wonderful!!BF and I stopped in today for lunch. Julie was there and gave me the rundown on what they have going on in there. The ice cream shake machine? Genius! A bigger space for wine tasting? Fabulous!For lunch BF had a spicy turkey sandwich, and I had a pastrami. We also bought some spicy dill pickle chips - pickle lovers!! Head over and get some ASAP. So delish! The sandwiches were great! We ate them out on the patio and we loved every bite. The sandwiches are a good size, I ended up taking half home. Looking forward to enjoying that tomorrow. The wine and craft beer selections are good, we each picked up a couple bottles. I know BF is super happy to have a place close to home with a great beer selection, and I am happy to have somewhere else to go for wine besides the grocery store. I will definitely be buying more wine here, and most definitely be getting some more delicious sandwiches. Can't wait to do some wine tasting once the machines are in. It's about time Yorba Linda/Anaheim Hills got somewhere cool to hang out!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/8/2014,524,289,11,27,21>Bolsa Chica - you hold a special place in my heart, Yes you do!  This is the first beach I surfed at with fellow Yelper and surf extraordinaire, Robin Z.  I've since purchased the annual surf pass which gets me into a slew of California state parks and beaches, including Bolsa Chica. If you're surfing every opportunity you can like I am, this is the way to go as it's $195 for the year!  Otherwise, parking is $15 a day.  I love that the parking lot is steps from the beach.  It's so convenient for surfers and beach goers alike.  There's more showers and bathrooms than you could ever need and there's lifeguards and medical personnel on staff in case of a stingray attack or other such incident. Now for the surfing part.  I am a beginner/ surfer in training who is totally transfixed by the ocean.  There's something about being out in the middle of the beautiful, vast ocean that puts life into perspective.  The dolphins and seals that swim by and say hi to you as you float on your board waiting for the perfect wave add to the magical experience.  Every time I have surfed Bolsa, I've seen the dolphins swim by.  It's just all part of the package.  The surfers who frequent Bolsa are friendly and of course very interesting.  They've given me pointers, instructed me on their surf tactics and tips, encouraged me to keep trying, made me laugh, shared surf history with me and told me their most epic Southern California surf stories.  Robin Z said it best when she said surfers are the happiest people on Earth.  I have to agree with her wholeheartedly.  The glassy water of the Pacific, the sunshine beaming down, the taste and smell of the salt water and the stoke and rejuvenation you feel all day after your surf will have anyone beaming, glowing and carefree.  If you see me on my neon green 9 foot long board, give me a shout!  I'd love to hear your story and your love of the great sport that ties so many of us together.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,5/7/2014,576,235,27,35,30>Do you ever hunger for a Hot Dog AND a Burger?  That craving can be satisfied at Dave's where they combine the two TOGETHER!--This creation is called the Cubby.----The Food----The Cubby Combo ($6.79)- In this burger, you'll receive a 1/4lb patty, 2 hot dogs cut in halves, thousand island dressing, 2 slices of cheese, fresh lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and grilled onions in between two soft sesame buns.  No, these patties aren't hand formed and the dogs taste like Hebrew National or Ball Park, but the overall taste of this well-crafted conception can be likened to an In N Out burger with a hot dog twist.  It's definitely worth a try! The patty is slightly thicker than In N Out's and has a consistent char.  Although, the shoe string fries are of the frozen variety, they're fried and seasoned nicely in clean oil.  Take advantage of the odd happy hour times (M-Th 2:35-4:15) for $0.99 cent fries and cheaper deals on combos.  This particular combo was only $4.79 during happy hour.----Conclusion: A modest burger joint that falls short of the "world famous" moniker, but does produce tasty burgers and has very friendly service! I really do like how they make everything when ordered and you can even hear the delightful sizzling sounds as you wait.  I love how they grill the onions whole, without chopping them too.  This spot has about 7 small tables and is located in the same plaza as Taco Bell, right next to 3rd Avenue Pizza.  My only complaint would be the appearance of the kitchen in the back where it looks like oil has aggregated over the years.  I was bracing myself for dirty looking fries, but surprisingly got fresh fried ones.  Despite this, The Cubby will make me come back.Extra Notes:-Accepts credit card-Happy Hour M-Th 2:35PM-4:15PM. $.99 cent fries, $1.89 burger, $2.09 cheeseburgers, and cheaper deals on combos.-First location is on Atlantic attached to a gas station--People love the taste at the location better, but I think it's about the same-Kind, suggestive service. During slow hours, the lady-cook comes to greet every customer as they order which I think is really sweet-Parking can be a pain during lunch hour-Decor is old school from the 90s-Restrooms are filthy, avoid--Tables in restaurant are clean though
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,5/6/2014,1001,659,48,56,49>"G burger please .... Fine, I'll take a cheeseburger with bacon and egg."  That dude just talked me out of getting their signature burger!  Not sure how his boss, the owner, would feel about that but I'm glad he changed my mind.   I forget the G burger is like a foot high ginormous stack, and there would be no way of getting my hands or mouth around that thing!Very pleased with my selection!  Also got to try the truffle burger with avocado, which was dripping with juicy goodness!!  All burgers were ordered medium.  And last but definitely not least were the G fries, always a must!!I've been a fan of G Burger and have been waiting for almost 2 years for them to set up shop in OC!  And man, this location ROCKs!!  Only location with beer!  Rascals all the way, it tastes like shock top which I really like!  The guys working here were really cool, got to meet the owner, Chris (not George, the imposter @ La Habra!)  Keep it up guys, card me anytime like you did!  Happy 2 weeks!  .... Oh and you forgot the "igi" after G!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/5/2014,480,320,32,46,38>I've lived in Orange County my entire life and had never visited the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum until now. This was an especially lovely place to visit during the holidays with beautiful Christmas trees and poinsettias decorating this large property.We were greeted by our tour guide (I think her name was Mia) in front of gift shop in the beautiful, big lobby. Our tour guide was friendly and animated which made for a really fun tour. She patiently answered each of our questions throughout the tour and never skipped a beat even with such a large party like ours. We had a chance to visit the home of Nixon's birthplace and early years. With beautiful flowers decorating the pathway to the front door, this house was so charming. We really enjoyed seeing the inside of this house and felt like we were being transformed back into time. It was fun to see how they must have lived during the early 1900's.Other interesting stops during our tour: the President's helicopter, the grave sites of Richard and Patricia Nixon, the beautiful rose garden, the lovely reflecting pool, and the numerous train sets. The museum exhibits were quite extensive and included everything from the President's limousine to the re-creation of Nixon's favorite room (East Room) and some of the unique gifts he received throughout his career.This library and museum is a really comprehensive look at President Nixon's personal and political life. The museum looks at his birth, political career at Congressman, Senator, Vice-President and President, and even touches on Watergate. We also enjoyed seeing the exhibits focused on the President's dedication to the space program. Seeing the space suits up close were especially fun! This is an educational and entertaining tour for people of all ages. It kept us captivated for hours and gave us a unique look at the President's life and the interesting history surrounding him. It's a wonderful way to spend the afternoon with the family.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,1/18/2010,747,442,10,12,26>Awesome service, awesome food, and awesome people; is that the same as service? Yes, awesome people! The owner is such a sweet and charismatic lady, informing us that the sushi chef in the kitchen is her husband who goes to the fish market every morning to pick out the best-est and freshest fish. The BF and I came here to meet up with a friend who lived in the area and she wanted to have dinner here because of their USC vs. UCLA $1 Sushi Special Game Night. Initially we started off with some appetizers, sushi rolls, and only an order of salmon and albacore sushi because we wanted to see if the fish was fresh or not and in the end we ended up with 17 orders of salmon and 7 orders of albacore sushi because it was THAT GOOD and FRESH! My favorite dish of the night would have to be the Super Nachos ($8), it's pretty much like a tuna tartar but better! Just imagine that with a twist to it since the tuna and avocado was mixed with pico de gallo; and the won-ton crisps that was used to scoop up the tuna definitely gave it texture and so much more flavor. yum-yum! Make sure you get on their email list so you can hear about their specials. I heart Higo!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,1/17/2010,1968,2065,15,19,18>Kitty Fish and a Flaming Dessert!Happy New Year!Chuc mung ban mot Giang Xinh & nam moi vui ve va dep nhu y!This was my choice for one of my Holiday Dinners. I have not been here for years and years. The restaurant still sports the "Best in OC" propaganda from its old OC Register Award. ~My Five Star Plan of Attack included:1. Asparagus Soup- Delicious with pieces of crab. 4 Stars2. Seafood Dish with Sauce-4 stars.3. Catfish-5 Stars4. Wine- Wine list still has a good selection. I ordered the     White Zinfendale which pretty much complimented all of the food.    I was tempted to order one of the French imports, but decided not to     when the waiter said that the duck and escargo were not good.     5 Stars for the Wine List. ORDER WINE WITH YOUR FOOD!5. Banana Flambe- 4 Stars. Not the best but great to have some type    of flaming dessert close to home.6. Price- 5 Stars. This place is still reasonable.Ambiance-4 Stars.~ Noisy and Jammed Pack. Vietnamese is the common theme and I was being stared at the entire time. I am used to this, but this time it felt different. Perhaps everyone thought  I was French. I felt like a movie star!  This place is great for families with kids. Kids everywhere!~ServiceThe service here ranks with the best. ..At least my experience did. Finished my soup..waiter picked up the empty bowl within seconds. All I had to do is glance at the servers and they were on it! No one waiter per table here.. all the servers waited on us. I always judge service by how the servers act when you walk around. Here, they stop in their tracks and wait for you to proceed. Amazing.~What happened?So, the restaurant is the same. The interior is decorated in a French style and there are French import wines carefully placed on shelves in the front of the restaurant. Other than that, this place is not French...at least not anymore. While the menu sports several French dishes, the waiter said they were just average.  Catfish is the way to go.While my meal was a complete five star experience, I have to take off a star because of the limitations with the other dishes. A restaurant needs to have more than one great dish. They should change the name to something that does not place emphasis on the French aspect, but on the special catfish.  The catfish here is great. I would give it 5 stars by itself, but add the wine and it is a total 10 star dish. The best catfish I ever had..Fo sho!Favori, Yup.. another reason the OC is the best place to live!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,1/16/2010,225,280,8,10,7>Oh no, you're hungry in Garden Grove with an equally hungry friend who has $5. Coincidentally, you have $5 too. You're both tired of pho and don't have enough for Korean bbq.  What to do?Luckily for you, Kongjine, located inside Arirang Supermarket's food court has been having their 3 Year Anniversary for the last 5 years. Well, not exactly since they're relatively new this year, but that special has been going on for ages. Under the special, $10 can get you a choice of two items out of the following; omurice, tonkatsu w/demi glace sauce, hamburg steak, steamed dumplings and fried dumplings, Korean version of the Japanese version of spagehtti. Let's not forget all the other oh-so-necessary sides like soup, macaroni salad, Korean thousand island dressing salad and kimchi. Now that I've listed everything, I'm sure smart-eaters/dieters have made note to stear clear. Each item is enough to feed two really hungry people or maybe 3 or 4 moderately hungry people. Or yourself if you're just THAT hungry. As far as taste, I think it's amazing. Where else can you get the Korean version of Japanese food that isn't sushi that's this cheap around here?
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,1/15/2010,855,578,14,19,19>What a hidden and delightful GEM. I came here after trying to find any crawfish boil restaurant in the neighborhood (Westminster, Garden Grove) that was open before 3 pm!! I promised my Mom I would take her to the Boiling Crab... well, we got there around noon and they were closed! Same with Claws... I guess I'm not hip to these places opening at 3 pm. Whatever... Found Crawfish Express via Yelp (yay). I had a hard time finding the location - it's seriously hidden behind like a Jiffy Lube. When we got there, it was empty. I was a little unsure and a tad bit skeptical. I mean, come one, I was full on expecting to wait for an hour or two for some yummy crawfish so my mind couldn't grasp that we were seated right away in an EMPTY restaurant behind a lube, oil, filter joint no less!We ordered the following:2 lbs of crawfish (lemon garlic - spicy)1 lb of shrimp (Cajun spice)1 lb of clams (lemon garlic)sweet potato fries & fried calamariPrices ranged from $7.99-$9.99 a pound. Not too shabby!! EVERYTHING was so delicious. They could stand to put in a few more sausages or potatoes in the boil bags, but I'm just nit-picking. Service was very good (then again, there wasn't anyone else to attend to!). I still am down for the other crawfish restaurants, but if you're looking for a quick seafood fix, this place definitely does the job.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2009,1/13/2010,309,307,18,21,19>I'm Back!!!! For my mom's birthday the whole immediate family and 6-mo old niece went to Andrei's for dinner.... This time around our order consisted of a few small plates (see Lauren B's review for this :) and lots of entrees. I must confess, the food blew me away! Honorable mention goes out to the Braised Beef, the Filet, and the Ravioli [magnific!]. In fact, better than the small plates. The orders: Filet Mignon - All Natural Beef Tenderloin, Pointe Reyes Blue Cheese Butter, Oven-Caramelized Tomato, Pea Shoots, Truffle Salt-Infused Pommes Frites. **[Probably one of the best Filet's I've ever had. Cooked perfectly and just melted. In addition, it's topped with Pt. Reyes Blue Cheese. It's like a creamy salty dessert! Andrei's Burger - All Natural Ground Beef, White Cheddar Cheese, Butter Lettuce, Red Onions & Tomatoes on a Brioche Bun with Fresh-Cut Pommes Frites **[Huge juicy burger with Andrei's truffle-salt fries. Add a bottle of Sinskey's Marcien and it's heaven]. Basil & Goat Cheese Ravioli - Sweet Basil & Goat Cheese Ravioli. Served with Provencal Summer Vegetable Stew, Micro-Herbs & Lemon-Infused Oil **[my brother ordered this and it was to die for. I love goat cheese plain and simple. Add some basil and some stewed vegetables and I'm there!] Mediterranean salad - Marinated and Grilled Vegetables with Hummus, Dolmades, Tabouleh Salad & Feta Cheese. Served with Mediterranean Flat Bread **[When I was in Israel I ate this stuff day-in-day-out. Naturally, I got sick of it but recently I've really been craving it. Very light and fresh salad] Braised Beef - Natural Boneless Braised Beef Short Ribs, Nicoise Olives, Fresh Seasonal Beans & Olive Oil Crushed Potatoes **[Holy Shmoly! tied for second of the Best Braised Beef's (with Sapphires in Laguna). The meat just falls apart because it has been cooking since the dust bowl of 68'. no joke! The Olive Oil crushed potatoes were also very good. Goosecross Cab Franc paired perfectly]. Halibut - Pan-Seared Alaskan Halibut Wrapped in Pancetta Ham, Hummus, Baby Fennel, Fava Beans with a Pomegranate Glaze, Mint Yogurt & Cumin Salt. **[the birthday girl ordered this. I had a few bites and remember it being very well cooked and tasted perfect]. Mushy Carrots and Peas - Flavored with the zest of water and the bouquet of salt to taste. **[The little one happily at her food along with us like a big girl. Any high-end restaurant that can "cater" to a 6-mo old and allow the adults to eat in peace deserves 5-stars. Bravo!]. We ended being at Andrei's so late that the kitchen closed and couldn't make any desserts for us.  Because I can't accept "no" for an answer especially on my mom's birthday;  I asked the waiter if there was anything he could do.  No more than 2 minutes later he came back with a huge bowl of organic homemade ice-creams [plural!] that were amazing.  My favorite was the Strawberry Basil.  So friggin good!  He recommended next time order the chocolate tart, it being their signature dessert.In my opinion, Andrei's is one of the better non-corporate, non cookie-cutter restaurants in orange county. Come for the drinks, the ambiance, the Islamic cat-steven looking singer on friday nights, and the food!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,1/12/2010,1444,1073,10,10,9>When you're up at the crack of dawn for a White Elephant party and some networking, the coffee and bagels better be good.  OC Bagels is almost out in the middle of nowhere.  It's past the 5 off of Alicia and almost gets buried in the residential lot and before you disappear into that oasis, there's a gas station and then there's OC Bagels.I was pleased to walk up and discover a big sign on their door that said "proudly brewing Kean coffee."  Having read rave reviews from yelpers Mary R. and Justin A. about Kean coffee, I was delighted that Kean was brewed somewhere locally in south OC and I didn't have to make the trek to Tustin to try some. And folks, this coffee is just out of the world.  It's bold.  It's fresh.  And it's invigorating.  It has the right kick to beat the sleep right out of my system and keep me on my toes.The owner here is super friendly.  We got into a good conversation before I ordered my OC Daybreak bagel sandwich on a sun-dried tomato bagel.  The menu is small but these sandwiches are packed to the brim to keep you going all morning long.  The eggs are fluffy and prepared fresh.OC Bagels is what a local bagel shop should be like - friendly, inviting, with awesome bagels and coffee.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,1/11/2010,461,582,9,12,10>Went here yesterday and I can't get over how great this place is in the fall.  While most people start to think about the holidays right wbout now, it still feels like summer as the very last of the fall peaches and pluots (apricot and plum genetically mixed)  are displayed by some vendors as well as sweet corn, sugar cane, bitter melon, ahd heirloom tomatoes. The fall fruits and vegetable are here, too like the Fuyu (eat like an apple) persimmon as well as the Hachiya (don't eat till mushy), that least five varieties of apples (fuji, gala, Granny Smith, red delicious, and yellow delicious), and several varieties of pears as well as cold storage grapes (picked in summer but refrigerated and sold as fresh).  Vendors still come from far away as Fresno and Reno.  The one Reno based vendors, Smit fRanch, currently has Fuji and Pink Lady apples and has among the sweetest of the summertime (Arctic White) nectarines from Reno. But for me what defines Irvine Farmers markets is the number of Asian vendors which sells things only available in Irvine.  I didn't realize how many varieties of bok choy adn cabbage  there were. You can get gai lan this time of year, which is a tender, mild green which is prized in Dim Sum restaurants.  The last of the asparagus beans ($1.50 a bunch) are still available as of this past weekend.  If you can find it on a Chinese restaurant's menu, it's $9.00 wokked. Lots of different Asian cooking and salad greens, squash, and root crops (Diakon radish).  Other vendors have sweet peas, gold as well as red beets and different colors or lettuces, cabbage, and chard.There is still the huge prepared foods area with roasted corn for $3, fresh fish with some seasonal finds like the sweet Hawiian escolar, and many breads and pastries which keep expanding.  There is still the many live entertainment acts to add to the festivities such as ranchera music and singer guitarists. One older country music guy has no emotion on his face or body, but his crisp, twangy voice makes little kids and their parents sway to and fro,..eeh ha! There's sometimes a woman singer who's voice is an "organic" version of Jewel. The Christmas crafts are coming in hot and heavy with some interesting clothing and unique gift ideas.  There are still fresh fruit samples, but personally, I am not likely to take them anymore having seen people coughing and sneezing near them.  Parking isn't bad, and even when it's raining, there are still some die hard shoppers and vendors.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2009,1/10/2010,153,221,9,24,14>My wife in a panic calls and says we needed 24 tamales on Christmas Eve. I was at work and searched tamales in Yelp and this came up. Donuts and tamales? Really? Nothing really shocks me very much anymore so my assumption was that it can only be true. I called and they told me thay have chicken and cheese and jalapeno. I requested two dozen and she said that she would have to make them and they would be ready in about 3 hours. This is a small donut shop on the southeast corner of Harbor and Garden Grove Blvd. There is absolutely no signage indicating that this is anything other than a dumpy donut shop. Everyone at the Christmas party we hosted were mesmerized by the outstanding texture and flavor of Sak's tamales. The chicken are wrapped in banana leaf and the cheese & jalapeno are in the traditional corn husk. They are moist, meaty and extremely flavorful. After calling around, these are pricey($24/dozen) compared to other places but the quality is second to none. Sak's was full of hispanic clientele all having tamales. I'm not sure if that adds to the credibility but they weren't having their donuts. What a wonderful find. I predict big Yelp ratings in the future for this little treasure.-Cash Only--Schools First ATM right behind- -Southeast Corner--Call Ahead for Larger Orders--No Beef or Pork-
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,1/9/2010,559,755,8,20,15>I'm sure I would have never known about Kimera were it not for Yelp.  And now that I know about it, I'm definitely a fan of their Happy Hour.What a great deal: 50% off appetizers!  And these are not your typical bar selections.  My favorites were the pesto pizza with goat cheese, garlic shoestring fries, and chicken drummettes with hoisin sauce.  I also tried some seared ahi and crab cakes that weren't bad.  Everything was about $5 and the portions were very big.Unfortunately my drink choice was full price ($9.75), but since I only had one it was well worth it.  It's called the Razmojito, and if you're a fan of mojitos, it's a must try.  It came in a large glass and had fresh raspberries floating in it.  Delicious!The atmosphere is really comfortable and the service was very good.  I'd come back some other time to try their dinners, especially if there is a special going on like they currently have on Monday nights.Happy Hour goes until 7:00 pm on weeknights, and Kimera had free valet parking.  Just bring your parking card in to get it stamped.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,1/8/2010,99,628,6,11,10>This place is cool!Like going back in time.The Lido opened in 1938. That is crazy!The entire theatre has been restored, down to the tile work done in the 30's by an Italian family. The Lido seats 622, of which 410 seats are downstairs and 212 are in the balcony.When is the last time you sat in the balcony to watch a movie? COOL!The Lido is the surf film capital of SoCal, and runs a schedule of classic and new surf films. Last night we caught Dana Brown's 'High Water'. Great surf movie if that is your thing.Just a cool place to check out. They show many art/ Indie movies as well as regular blockbuster studio flicks too. My only complaint is the seats are not comfortable. They are newer seats, but they do not recline. Leg room is tight if you are 6 feet tall like me. The front row of the balcony is cool, but the wall is really close and my knees hit. Uncomfortable. But not enough to ruin the great experience of what movie-going was like back in the day. yelp.com/biz_photos/ivbl…Woody's Diner is right next door. Good place to grab some food before or after your movie.Plenty of parking in the Pavilions parking lot or on the street out front which is always open in the evenings and free after 6pm.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,9/4/2008,7,33,10,12,12>I've been a nomad when it comes to my hair ever since my selfish stylist decided to retire to take care of her adorable child.  I don't think she quite understood how much she meant to me (there's a tear trickling down my cheek) when she took such a drastic measure.  I didn't think that finding a new stylist would be so damn difficult but I was sorely mistaken.  My poor hair has been hacked at more times than I can count and I haven't had a really cute hairstyle in a very, very, very, very long time.That all changed when I decided to go to Christina Sanchez at Empire last week.  It was one of my best decisions if I do say so myself.  After scouring Yelp for Salons I dwindled down the selection to a few but after reading so many fabu comments for Christina I was sold.  I made an appointment with her and from the very beginning she was totally cool and professional.  Plus she gets mega bonus points for incorporating rad and gnarly into her vocab!  The salon was onto itself clean, modern, easy to find, and the people working there weren't pretentious snobs that thought they were too cool to acknowledge anybody's existence but were professional, had awesome hair, helpful, nice, and accommodating.Christina asked me what I was looking for and she was very patient with me as I was pretty undecided then I took the decision to chop off my hair.  At first I was uncomfortable with the idea of having a bob because I had wanted to grow out my hair to have long, beautiful, luscious hair but that wasn't going to happen thanks to my most recent hair haking so off with my hair!  Christina actually knew how to work with my wild mane and my bob doesn't make me look like a) an asian child b) a little boy or c) a mushroom.  My friends and other people have all complimented my new style and have said they love the look.  I agree with them.  After years of having relatively the same style I'm glad to have entrusted my hair with someone who listened to what I wanted, gave me ideas, took awesome care of me, and did I mention that the price was phenomenal.  I highly recommend Christina.  I also took a look around to what the other stylists were doing and their work wasn't shabby at all so if you don't get Christina I'm sure that you'll be in extremely competent hands with whomever works on your hair.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,9/2/2008,294,926,7,9,6>As everyone says, excellent breakfast burrito loaded with Mexican flavors. 4.5 stars.Cost to worth it ratio: 4.5 starsHighlights:- Breakfast burrito: probably best I have had. It lived up to the hype for me.-- Everything all mooshed together: eggs, bacon, cheese, chorizo and all with the potato popping out due to their texture.-- Mexican flavors: some people just call anything wrapped in a tortilla a burrito, but this had all of the spices to properly claim the association-- Very very tasty, but not overdone-- Not too greasy as I expected and not too messy either-- Spicy wasn't too spicy at all -- Portion: huge--length and width-wise. My cuz cut it in half and we shared it.-- Price: $5! Great deal for what you get- Quick and easy: order and in a few minutes it was up--no wait Sunday around noon as opposed to all the other OC egg/more brunchy places which have insane waits- Menu: even though this is their specialty, other items they had looked good to me like the chile verde- Environment: low key sandwich shop with menu items hanging from papers on the wallLowlights (my flip side to highlights): - Even though as foodies this was our Seal Beach destination, it's more of a take out or passer-by location as many had said. We ate ours outside on the benches for more ambiance.Loved the burrito and I will be back!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,9/1/2008,98,169,25,27,18>I think this is the only Polish/Slavic/Eastern European grocery store within a 20-mile radius of where I live.As such, they've already got an edge over any other supplier of kielbasa (kolbasz, kovbasa--whatever you fancy) in the area, since Hillshire Farms is just about the only alternative you have at your disposal!They've got it in several different varieties (a thin spicy one, the thick "regular" one, and then the smoked horseshoe-shaped type). While I'm accustomed to having kolbasi sauteed lightly with onions, I find theirs to be especially delicious sliced and eaten as it is bought, with some mustard or horseradish.There's also a freezer case with all sorts of pierogi (pyrohy, varenyky, etc) and blinichki, and probably a dozen other things I've never heard of before.The lady behind the counter can be a bit gruff--I asked her if she would cut the kolbasi in half since the piece I ordered was rather long and cumbersome. She told me I could go home and get a knife and cut it myself, with the requisite motions demonstrating how I could accomplish such a complicated endeavor. No s**t, lady. Then again, maybe she was ticked off because I was referring to the items by their Ukrainian names. Gotta love Slavic rivalry.It's not enough to dock points--the area needs a store like this and I hope it's around for a long time to come.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,8/31/2008,723,405,8,16,6>This med-spa is situated in a strip mall, but close to CHOC, Mainplace Mall and the Discovery Science Museum.  So... if you're in Orange County and your in-laws are driving you barking mad, you can dump your kid off at the museum, send your husband to watch a movie, and get some beautification time in for yourself, because you deserve it!  I originally wanted just a touch up/very localized photo facial... because under high magnification, I see/imagine slight sun damage or whatever on my cheekbones.  Allegedly.  Called, made my appointment, held my spot with a credit card, showed up for my consult and mini-zap... only to be told that because of my skin tone, I wasn't a candidate for a photo facial.  Even a little, bitty, teeny one.  Even though I'd had one before.  I could, however, treat the aforementioned affliction with facials and a new investment in the Obagi skincare line.  Product whore that I am, I brightened and pressed the "pause" button on the tantrum I *almost* pitched.  I was somewhat annoyed that I wasn't given paperwork in advance of my consult - "I don't do photo facials on women with your skin pigment," is what was told by the laser tech... who was an R.N. and also, medical director (Dr. Reichner's wife).  I ended up booking a series of exfoliating facials, which were tingly, but not the least bit uncomfortable; nor did I look red, blotchy or burnt, in the days following.  I also started the Obagi-C program... which yielded amazing results.  It's an investment, of course... but the full-size products last 6-7 months, easily.  Caveman and I also signed up for a special "Couples Chocolate Facial" - which was every bit as fragrant and decadent as it sounds.  Plus, Caveman with a chocolate masque on his face was too amusing to pass up, even in theory.  +  Well edited selection of Med Spa Services+  Tranquil, semi-private, "Asian themed" reception area+  Cucumber-lemon infused ice water (self-serve) + gossip magazines+  Jane Iredale mineral cosmetics+  Medical make up solutions (post op; correction/concealment of hypo/hyper pigmentation)The location is not glamorous, but I always feel beautiful and refreshed after treatments here.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,8/30/2008,115,175,8,12,10>I've gotten two emails this summer from Ruth's Chris, informing me of their Summer Celebration for $89.  I knew Ruth's Chris was way expensive and probably more than I can usually afford but I thought, $89 wasn't too horrible for that place so after their second email wore me down, I decided to drag my poor unwilling boyfriend (/sarcasm) along for the ride.  I was a little worried because I thought no way could they live up to the hype.    Well, I'm happy to say I was wrong.  First off, I heard they had a dress code but was happy to see once I got there that lots of people were in jeans and t-shirts and didn't quite fit into the business attire code.  One point for them.I love the decor of this place.  I love that it's classic and simple and elegant without being old and stuffy.  I didn't feel out of place and was very comfortable.  The food... was YUMMY.  I had the gumbo, which I liked, although I doubt it was the best gumbo ever, and it was rather big for a starter.  I was almost full by the time I finished it.  I had the mixed grill which had a small crab cake, a small piece of fillet and a garlic herb cheese filled piece of chicken.  The filet was really, really good.  A truly melt in your mouth piece of meat.  So was the chicken!  I never thought chicken could melt but it was a really tender piece of chicken and the filling was a nice surprise.  I enjoyed the crab cake as well.  We had broiled tomatoes as well as mushrooms.  I LOVE mushrooms and I quite enjoyed these.  And they make their tomatoes with sugar on them which is something my family's done for ages, except w/o cooking the tomatoes, so it was really a nice surprise to have that at a restaurant.  Reminded me of home.  And the whiskey bread pudding was HUGE.  Like I said, good portions.  After some coffee, wine and a expensive large bottle of sparkling pellegrino... it was more costly than I had planned but it was an excellent meal and a good time with my baby.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,8/29/2008,549,250,25,14,17>I hate you, Kyochon... (I want to have your babies)I hate what you've done to me ...(I'm an addict)Red-stained, garlicky fingertips ...(that I cant stop licking)Why Did we get a 50 piece for 3 people??? (and almost finished)Why did I end up with over a dozen Spicy leftovers for lunch the next day that I couldn't stop eating? (mmmmmm pickled radish)Why do I now have the Red Ring of Death!!??! (aka The Ring of Fire)AAarrgghh! someone get me a bunny! (you're on your own on this one, buddy)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,8/28/2008,77,302,9,12,12>Solid 5 Stars and thanks to VIP Jason H. for taking us here (looks for this famous guy's picture right outside of the window):*duk bog gee- for $5, this was awesome in both taste and quality with the right amount of spicyness and fish cake. Love it!*crispy drumettes and wings- the perfect amount of crispiness and left no oil on the paper! amazing- they must use special olive oil for this! Dip it in the duk bog gee sauce for extra flavor.*spicy drumsticks- I seriously bit into it and felt like puff the magic dragon with fire coming out of my mouth. It was spicy (well, not according to Anita) but sweet but I'm just weak sauce :0*the radish (mooooo!!) is fresh and just the perfect complement to the spicyness of the chicken. Same goes for the cole slaw with the thousand island dressing.*wash everything down with their sierra mist-- totally hits the spot*go over to berry cool and clean the palate with some creamy tart fro yo..oh!Can't wait 'till the Irvine location opens.....me wants some bbq chicken now!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2008,8/27/2008,167,296,20,23,20>My craving for chili cheese fries led me to PK Burgers.  I was so hungry I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach.  I proceeded to order a cheeseburger ($2.59), chili cheese fries with extra cheese ($3.55), and a large soda ($1.79).  But that's when I saw a cook grilling up some steak with onions and bell peppers.  I changed my mind and ordered the steak sandwich ($5.59) instead.  The lady asked, "how many people is this going to be for?"  Which I sheepishly replied, "umm... me?"  She warned me it was a lot of food, whatever... she doesn't know me.I paid $12.28 for the hot mess and got busy on my food.  As I unwrapped the steak sandwich it fell apart (bread and melted swiss cheese stuck to the paper) so I had to eat with with a fork.  The steak wasn't sliced too thin and it was a little tough.  With a side of salsa, ranch dressing, and hot peppers to top it all off, I dug into the chili cheese fries.  It was gooey and piping hot.  The lady wasn't kidding when she said there was already a lot of cheese.  More! More cheese! I say! :oDThere wasn't as much chili as I had thought there'd be, but it was still good.  It's been about 2.5 hrs now and I *think* I'm starting to digest some of the food.  The quality of food and preparation is about average and the service is friendly.  What's strange is that they let you walk inside, around the counter, to scoop your own ice and help yourself to the soda.  At first I was hesitant, but the lady kept telling me to help myself and I saw someone else go behind the counter so I followed suit.  As for the burgers, they looked like the ones you'd get at any regular burger joint - meat, cheese, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles.  Unfortunately, I won't be at this office much longer so I don't know if I'll ever get to try them :oTFood:  2.75 starsService:  1 star
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,8/25/2008,164,87,9,11,11>My FAVE Italian restaurant.Its ambiance is mid-casual to upscale. Contradiction, I know. You should visit for dinner sometime to see what I mean. :)  I've been here for 1) special occasions (anniversary, birthdays - dressy/formal attire) 2) late dinners (open til midnight/bar 1am - happy-hour-work attire), and 3) just because since I was in the area (straight from the beach, shopping, or visiting a friends - flipflops and jeans). They've got a great happy hour. The servers and wait staff are always friendly and seriously know the menu including the wine list.There is a piano bar downstairs with live music and it gets jumpin' on weekends! FAVES: Sausage Stuffed Mushrooms, Bistecca Arrabiata, Fettuccine dello Chef, Salmone, Linguine with Crab, Ravioli Villa Nova, Creme Brulee and Cafe Latte.It is a bit pricey so check out the website before you make reservations.The parking is a pain. There is a tiny VALET ONLY lot in front of the restaurant. The locals there who take PCH understand the traffic jam in front of the restaurant -- not to say I block traffic for the fun of it, rather that everyone going to Villa Nova will end up blocking traffic sooner or later. Its ok. The valet guys do a good job husling even when their swamped.So great food aside, they have this "Bread Crumb Zamboni" (similar to Morton's) that the servers carry with them to clear the crumbs off your table. It greatly amuses me... :D
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,8/24/2008,213,193,6,10,10>I didn't think I'd find my heaven in Corona, of all places.But, oh, I did.About an hour's drive from L.A. you too can find heaven... in the mud, in the lounge pool, in a mineral bath, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room.Went on President's day to take advantage of the fact that my mother was off work and we could go together (and she could pay! ha!) and make a mother/daughter day out of it. So, it was much more crowded than normal -- but still not SO crowded you couldn't enjoy yourself. The place is SO big you can still find a way to lose the people.And for just $35-$48 you too can spend alllll dayyyyy relaxing there. ($35 during the week, $48 on weekends and holidays... discounts for seniors, military, corona residents, etc...)That admission fee gets you an entire day of relaxtion. It's like going on vacation at an extremely upscale hotel... without having to stay overnight, and pay $300.It was nice to slather on the mud and bake in the sun... then have a nice lunch at the cafe, then bake in the sun (sans mud) by the lounge pool (a 2-foot pool, with floaty things you lay on just... floooaaatt), then float, take a dip in the jacuzzi and call it a day. (The only thing that kinda ruined my floating in the pool experience were 3 druuuunnnkkkk girls laughing and talking WAYYY TOOO LOUD... yes, they serve alcohol...)----------------------------------Kristen's Cliff's notes:BEAUTIFUL grounds that are CLEAN and well maintained. Locker rooms are gorgeous... go ahead and use two lockers if you need to.. Bring a bag to carry your stuff in -- magazines, books, sunscreen, etc... Bring a robe/cover-up and sandals. You'll be walking around a lot and lunching... You can start a tab when you check in, so you don't need to bring any cash/credit cards with you when you're in the actual pool/mud/etc... areas.. if you want a drink, or lunch, etc... just tell them your name and they'll charge it to your card.They have services like massage/facials/etc... but... really... just being there for a day is relaxing enough.It's co-ed. Bring your honey-pie with you. You can rub mud on each other. Same-sex couples are welcome too (and there were a few there).Don't worry about being self-conscious. There are ALLLL types here. Big, small, young, old. Probably the only place in the world I'd actually be comfortable wearing a bikini.-----------------------------------------------Say it with me: "aaaahhhhhhhhhh"
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,6/13/2008,210,232,13,12,14>ok, i'm not in the most creative of moods so this review isn't going to pretend to be something eloquently written or witty (not like my other reviews are.. well, nevermind). i found everything i sampled to be very flavorful (almost too much). the kafta, chicken tawook and beef kabob on my combo plate were all tender and moist, though the accompanying tabouleh was a bit too lemony and masked out the freshness of the parsley. both bottles of red that our server recommend were both forgettable (except that they made one of our friends giddy and touchy, which was definitely memorable). since this was my first time trying lebanese food, i can't really say if it's authentic, though i feel like open sesame's dishes were quite approachable with their strongly seasoned renditions. overall, i had a great time at open sesame and enjoyed the food. i'll be back.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2007,6/11/2008,442,290,15,8,8>UPDATE 10/07/2007 : I ate here again over the weeked. One of the courses was venison loin with a wine must and truffle sauce. OMG who knew Bambi's mom could taste so good?-----Do you ever walk by those stores in South Coast Plaza -- you know, the ones with extremely pricey stuff but look like they came straight from the set of Dynasty or Falcon's Crest -- and wonder to yourself, "Who the hell buys this stuff?" Well, if you cross the street and have dinner at Antonello Ristorante, you will find out. Because they will all be dining there too.I'm not really knocking this place, because the food is actually very good. But the old-money clientele here is of, how should I say, an earlier generation than mine. In other words, this IS your father's Italian restaurant.Zagat describes this place as a "landmark" with "classic" Italian fare. But before you read "old" and "boring" into that description, let me just remind you that there are some classics that should not be tinkered with. Take their porcini mushroom risotto, for example. I have had this dish twice now, and I can honestly say that it is probably one of the best mushroom risottos I have ever had. It's a classic dish that, in my mind, will never become boring.Their lamb chops are also very good. So good that even the non-lamb eater in our midst enjoyed them. Was the dish new and inventive?  No. But were they good enough to make us want to gnaw the meat right off the bones? Hell, yeah! Had she gone to Antonello, even Mary would have had a little lamb herself.So dress yourself in your most conservative clothes, ask your father to borrow his Cadillac, and drive yourself over to Antonello. You will have a great time playing grown-up, and you may actually have a pretty good time doing it too.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,6/10/2008,206,233,6,12,10>I love mole, and this place has the best. They currently have four moles, and are adding a fifth next month. The flavors range from a chocolatey black mole to a super spicy green verde. My favorite, to my surprise, was the second tier of spice - the red mole. At first, the red mole seems harmless. You enjoy chip after chip dipped in the red mole. You drink your Negro Modelo, and continue talking with your dining companions....Then five minutes later....BAM! Your throat is on fire. It was awesome. A slow burn...what a turn on!And I loved the decor - all the photos of Oaxaca organized so nicely in frames, and the huge brightly colored tin owls (the restaurant's mascot). Anyway, check out my good buddy's review of the place - soon to be in an issue of The District Weekly. We had a great time here, and will definitely be back again soon.Fair warning: On a Friday night, we closed the place down at a shockingly early 9pm. So come for the early bird special.And now for a helpful tip, and a few requests:Helpful tip: They DO accept credit cards. A few requests: These people are good people. Don't be obnoxious, enjoy your food, behave, and tip well. We want them to be around a long time. So we can look forward when they expand to 10 MOLES!!!muwahaha...now you see my evil plot.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2008,6/9/2008,171,253,7,9,11>3.5 starsthis place is a novelty place that you need to try at least once, but after that, it's just another overpriced burger joint.  Don't get me wrong the food was good, but not worth the wait and price.  I would much rather go to Bouchee's Bistro in Long Beach.  I got a 1/3 lb turkey burger with goat cheese herb spread, mixed greens, tomato, and I forget what else.  It was good, but not spectacular.  And I did notice it was super messy.  The bread didn't seem to like to stay on the burger and there was juices falling everywhere, but I guess that's better than dry and having no taste.  I got the shake of the day which was the banana split shake, which to me was just o.k.  I mean I love ice cream and shakes, but it didn't have enough stuff in it to make it different.  And we also got the hobo pack which I really liked.  It had all kinds of delicious grilled veggies in it, but how can you really mess that up, right?  The sweet potato fries were good, but I just had some sweet potato fries at The Beach Pit BBQ joint and those were much better.  Overall this place is cute and neat that you can make it your way, but I'm not dying to go back.  I wish they had the mini burgers so you can get all different toppings and have a smorgasbord of tastes, like Bouchee's had.    So basically what I'm saying is go to Bouchee's.  hehe
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,6/8/2008,677,614,35,32,34>Ha! First to review!OK, yes, I'm a big dork but I love getting first review so just shake your heads, let it pass, and let me enjoy my moment. ;PThe KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) invasion in the US is now in full swing and the latest to join the fray is BBQ Chicken in Buena Park.  With big plans to open numerous other stores throughout the region this year, this contender is definitely one to watch out for since with a strong marketing strategy and tasty product, they have a fighting chance at taking the title to be the best yet. The restaurant is bright, airy, and modern looking with fuscia accents which include the servers' uniforms and the menu covers. You can order take out but the restaurant is for table service. It's main offering is obviously chicken but in addition to fried chicken, they also offer BBQ chicken (hence the name), as well as grilled chicken. There's also Dduk-Bokki (stir fried rice cake dish) which comes in both spicy and non-spicy flavors. Oh.. and beer. You can't have KFC without beer. And they have quite a few options in that department. BBQ Chicken's shtick is that they fry their chicken in pure Extra Virgin Olive Oil. That can get quite expensive... and well.. from my experience, deep frying anything in Extra Virgin Olive Oil is sort of a process and in the end makes anything deep fried in it extremely oily... but I was willing to give it a try. My mom and I shared the Olive Original Chicken Combo which came with 2 pieces of Original Fried Chicken, crinkle cut fries, and  a choice between coleslaw or corn salad ($5.99). We also got 5 pieces of the Red Hot Drumsticks (5 pcs for $8.99), and an order of the Spicy Dduk-Bokki ($5.50). There must be something great about deep frying in olive oil that I never knew about because my first bite of the Olive Original Chicken was pretty scrumptious. The chicken was battered lightly and it was crispy with a nutty flavor that I took to immediately. The corn salad with bits of bell pepper and tangy dressing was a good contrast to the hot, crunchiness of the chicken and the fries were a nice addition simply because fries are always a good addition, no matter what it is you're eating. Dduk-Bboki isn't really a dish I have very often but maybe it's because I hadn't had it in so long, I really enjoyed the one I had here. It was spicy, slightly sweet, with the rice and fish cakes in it being the right texture of soft and chewy simultaneously. It was really nothing fancy but I was glad we ordered it and polished it off pretty quickly.Now for the Red Hot Drumsticks... OK, so I'm Korean. And I pretty much grew up on spicy food all my life. I like to think that I can take a fair amount of spicy...certain kinds of spicy at least. And even though I will never be the kind of person who can just chow down on raw habanero or scotch bonnet chilies, I like to think I can hold my own. But today I realized I can't hold my own. Or I've at least met my match. My match was the Red Hot Drumsticks. To me, these were crazy spicy. I had a  few bites of the first drumstick and enjoyed the heat. But then that heat started to spread. My nose started dripping. My eyes started to water and smart. My mouth felt like it was on fire. I popped a few pieces of the pickled radish (I actually didn't like these that much) in my mouth but to no avail. I drained my diet coke and then a glass of ice water. Still burning... I started crunching on ice... and finally our server noticed the panicked look on my face and came over with another can of soda. It was very nice of her, especially since she gave me that extra can of soda for free but it took another 10 minutes for the heat to subside in my mouth and my face to return to it's normal color. Oddly, my mom sat there calmly, munching away and eventually finishing the other 4 drumsticks without even breaking a sweat. Damn.Overall, I'd say this place is one of the better KFC joints I've tried so far and the service is outstanding. They have another store in LA  (698 S. Vermont Ave., #101) so if Buena Park is too much of a trek, I'd say head out to that location and try their crispy goodness.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,6/7/2008,91,228,12,13,8>I don't really give a crap about what people say of this place.Here's the deal: I'm not really a breakfast food kind of person.-Denny's for breakfast, i don't even order breakfast food.-When i did/would go to IHOP, it wasn't because i wanted to go, it was because someone else did.-Original House of Pancakes? NOT EVEN A FAN! (and to some of you, i know that's blasphemous!)Eggs, sausages, pancakes...it's just so....so...BORING! and for restaurants to mess that up, they've gotta be trying really, really realllllllyyyyy hard (or they're just completely stupid). But Keno's? Keno's breakfast, i WILL eat. in fact, i look forward to this place.  I used to come here and like everyone else, think it was just an "okay place."  that was until i found my ultimate favorite dish, befriended Carmen, the hostess (sweetest lady ever!) and began sitting in the "mafia" style executive-ish lounge area with the  fireplace, amazing booths, bar and numerous television screens.Every time i come here, i always get the Early Bird Special Omelet. I don't even like eggs that much, but i eat this. Why? I really haven't a clue, (maybe there's crack in it) but it's pretty freakin' good. It comes with mushrooms (the veggie, not the drug), bacon, cheese, tomatoes, and avocado on top. served with a side of hash browns and toast or pancakes. yummyyyyyyy :)their waffles are pretty good too. EXTRA crispy!The service is so so, but Carmen makes up for it.  Seriously though, SWEETEST person EVER. (we're so in that she even tells us we can seat ourselves! yea, you should be jealous!)*PS I think people just dislike this place because they aren't labeled "regulars" and have never sat on the pretty side, but hey, that's just my opinion. **PSS: I don't normally write like this, I'm really worked up over something so its causing me to write as though i have severe ADHD.  IM SORRY!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,6/6/2008,291,164,10,14,13>This is considered my "everyday" sushi spot. It's fairly inexpensive, with pretty good sushi (not the best). Plus they got big screen TV's so you can always watch the latest game while you eat.Revolving sushi: just pick out whatever catches your eye. Sometimes the freshness can be "questionable", but you always have the option of ordering new by marking a form with what you want (don't forget to write down your table #!!) and dropping it in the order tube that revolves around. Your order will then come on a plate on a tube platform with your number, so you can pick it off the conveyor belt when it comes around. Items range from 99 cents to $3.50.Now the fun part. They got hand roll specials every single day ($1.75)!! They change it up once in awhile, but right now (if memory serves me right),  the HR specials are:Sunday - EelMonday - Spicy TunaTuesday - Shrimp TempuraWednesday - LobsterThursday - Soft Shell CrabFriday - Spicy ScallopSaturday - AlbacoreThey also have everyday HR specials which include Fried Salmon ($1.25), Salmon SKin ($1.75).And on top of that, they have Happy Hour from 4-7pm MONDAY to FRIDAY. How often do you find a place that offers it Friday? Not enough!! 2 for 1 pitchers of Kirin and 2 for 1 hot house sake. That comes out to about $15 for all that. The catch is you have to buy it in sets of 2 to get the deal (duh, buy 1 get one free), so bring some buddies along to help unless you wanna be like me and try to sober up at the CVS and Staples next door.I usually try to catch some food during the happy hour time to avoid the evening dinner rush (it's a small place so it gets packed). I recommend their seaweed (off the belt), Soft Shell crab roll (fairly meaty), and chicken bento box. Oh and of course whatever hand roll day it is! And ending it with a green tea ice cream ($1.25) if you're in the mood for a lil sweet.Some tips? Ladies, if you're sitting at the revolving table, there's a hook under the table to hang your purse, so it doesn't get knocked off your chair all the time. Feeling adventurous? Ask for the "fried yellowtail collarbone" ($8). It's not on the menu, but they will know what you're talking about. And I'd skip the Shabu Shabu. Had it for the first time last night...nothing noteworthy.I've been coming to this place ever since I moved down to the area a few years ago. I come so often that the owner (super nice man btw) will joke around, "see you tomorrow!". And sometimes I do come back tomorrow! Definitely a local favorite of mine.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,6/5/2008,13,49,11,10,10>I've been going to Christopher for my hair for about three years.  I must admit thinking back I did feel intimidated by the concept of going to a "Salon", as I'm a rather t-shirt and jeans kind of guy.  The one thing you realize very quickly is that Christopher can be casual or professional which ever fits you.  You can come in a talk about things like the history of Costa Mesa, or you can talk about business and money.  He has always been great at reading my mood and making sure that my visit is perfect.  Some strange sixth sense?  Or is it that he's one of the few people in Southern California that has really invested into his dream.  Its rare that I see someone sacrifice so much to see their goals reached.  Christopher has worked tirelessly for well over a decade.  My point being is Christopher is a great example of what hard work really looks like.It should also be noted that throughout his continuing success Christopher maintains a very down to earth mentality. That being the case he has Gina, these two compliment each other very well.  Christopher's refined and tactical verbal sword play, and Gina's very playful and sometimes blunt honesty work great together.  Either way their goals have become the same, taking care of their customer and giving them both a great experience and haircut.  Splitends is in a great location too.  Hungry?  Walk over to the Rooster for a sandwich.Thirsty?  The Tin Lizzy has plenty of cocktails to satisfy your needs. That is if you make it past the initial wash, I personally struggle not to fall asleep... So comfortable.. At any rate, these two kids are doing it right.  Go, see for yourself.   Yes you need a hair cut.And a beer.Warning: Being a patron at Splitends may have the following side effects. 1. Multiple compliments about your hair.2. Still having cash in your wallet following the visit.3. A strange feeling of guilt should you EVER find yourself somewhere else due to connivance.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,6/4/2008,971,1413,6,15,11>Came here with 6 other coworkers 10 minutes before it opened for lunch.  They open exactly at noon.  We made reservations, but wanted to come early for extra measure.  This place is popular and tiny!  They have bar seating for about 8-10 people and 4 small tables.I looked at the lunch specials and sushi list to see what I wanted when my boss said he was getting Omakase.  Omakase??  What... how?... I thought that was only at the bar.  Apparently not here!  So I ordered myself Omakase too.  They brought all the nigiri out at once rather than bit by bit like most other places.  Now let's talk about some of the standouts...Salmon - melt in your mouth, so creamy and fatty...Toro - good quality, but I've had betterUni - the butter of the sea... yes, that good!Sweet Shrimp - one of my faves, but alas, they didn't have it today.. heard their shrimp is still alive and kickin' when they do have it though!Tamago - so THICK and just the right amount of sweetness, yum.I was surprised by the Omakase here because usually chef's do their little "twist" on things by adding special sauces and whatnot, but this place gave you straight up fish on rice with a side of homemade wasabi.  Come here if you want nothing more than top notch quality fish without the distraction.The little lady serving us was so smiley and sweet!  She always made sure our teacups were full and plates were taken away.Total price for my Omakase lunch here was $24, my mouth dropped open at the more than reasonable price for the amount they gave!Overall a great, authentic sushi place.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/23/2007,6/3/2008,2674,672,41,36,36>Hello, the Yelp Contrarian here...en garde!If I were to tell my mid-west peeps I paid $3.25 for a "burger" the size of my compact case, they'd laugh me all the way back to So Cal. My mom would disown me and my dad, were he alive, would say "Girl, you're comin' home! LA has fucked your head all up." (I blame daddy for all my cursing)I wanted to give this place a fair shake and the gal next to me was talking about how much she liked their stuff so I asked her for a recommendation and ordered it. I got the mini applewood bacon & crab cake "burgers" and my bf and I shared the Parmesan fries. Taste was outstanding! Don't get me wrong there, fucking awesome taste. But just cuz they add some Frenchiness to their name (bouchees bistro - sans caps) doesn't grant carte blanche freedom (like my use of French?) to screw you on portions. That's what I hate about French eateries. It's all pretty to look at and tasty but they are such teases. "Eet eez French un zee Americaine must adapt". Well, fuck that. My bf orders the strawberry shake (not on menu, btw) with his regular ($8) turkey burger and it finally arrives in the same size WINE glass I was drinking my mis-ordered* Pinot Grigio from! He started laughing loudly, almost hysterically, and was going to raise some Cain but just then two of LB's finest entered (not knowing where the donut shop was) and I asked him to chill. He put his sunglasses on but kept on laughing. The cops thought he was wacko but this really is the wacko part of town and they didn't press the issue. When a waiter came by, bf asks if the "shake" was a sample for the real one being made. The waiter says "Yeah, I know, but gelato costs more." to which bf responds "Not THAT much more! Four bucks for a wine glass of strawberry shake?" But eet deed come wiss zee leetal straw, non?" And these wine glasses aren't the big fatties found in decent wineries, these were the teeny little ones you find in church bazaars or yard sales, the ones with heavy, thick glass so they don't break as easy.Anyway, they should clamp down on immigration from France as there's too many of them trying to get Americans to believe taste is the most important quality in food. This is America and it's a big country and we're into big fucking burgers and squishing juices all over our hands, not daintily two-fingering a micro-"burger" and giving them a 4-5 Star Yelp. Nope, that ain't me...unless I'm in Gay Paree where teeny, tasty, expensive food is, you know, expected. Someone must've gotten their GPS coordinates all screwed up because I thought we were in Long Beach. 'Round these parts, it's all about value, not French haute cuisine for the nouveau riche.*I ordered Pinot Noir and got Pinot Grigio. A faux pas on their part but a fait accompli to me...I drank the white.  Don't ya love it when I speak French?Update: the company PM'd me and tried to tell me that they don't even serve Pinot Noir so I told them to take it off the written menu (which shows it clearly offered...see photo) and inform the wait staff that they don't serve it (anymore?) I was also going to respond to their assertion that my mid-west peeps don't make good burgers but they blocked me, oh boo-hoo. In-N-Out, anyone?
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,8/3/2009,1018,364,27,25,23>Van Halen...that's all I can think... Van Halen..."Oooh, yeah(Ahh!) Runnin' with the devil (Ahh-hah! Yeah!)(Woo-hoo-oo!) Runnin' with the devilI'm gonna tell ya all about it!"I love Vietnamese food...I would run, not walk...to enjoy a big bowl of bun cha  ...however, it was raining today so you know what sounded even better was a big bowl of pho...and omg... I am runnin' with the devil...Know why? %@&%)!)(#&$!  - MSG!My heart is racing... I have come to the conclusion that pho is kinda like crack. Not that I have done crack... but the MSG in the pho I just devoured - had me thinking a 5K race in the rain sounds like a fun idea... whoa.So, my coworker (and fellow yelper) MaryPaz and I have been talking about going out for Vietnamese food for a while... only problem is, we work near the airport... and everyone knows the best Vietnamese food is in Little Saigon (which is just a little too far to drive during the workday)... so she tells me about a little spot not far from the office called Pho Bac and we proceed on a mission for pho. We arrive and find that we're not the only ones in the mood for delicious, tasty, warm noodle soup. The joint is jumpin' but we don't have to wait long for a table (we arrived at the perfect time because five minutes later the place was packed with people waiting for tables). We quickly ordered ...a large order of Vietnamese eggrolls (cha gio), which at Pho Bac is an order of six crisp egg rolls served on a plate with lettuce and dipping sauce (nuoc cham), which is a staple and oh so good... water, fish sauce, sugar, vinegar, lime, chili pepper, and garlic define this staple of yumminess. The egg rolls were great... crisp, hot, and the perfect blend of shrimp, pork, bean sprouts, carrots and shallots. Yummmz. I could do shots of fish sauce, really... bring it. We both ordered the pho tai... noodle soup with rare beef. I love pho because there is something automatically awesome about the adding to or 'making of' a dish your own when you are eating out... and not offending the chefs. With pho... the soup comes piping hot... a large bowl brimming with broth, rice noodles, and meat of your choice... (I think there were at least 20+ varieties of pho on the menu)... a plate with bean sprouts, jalapeños, parsley, cilantro, basil, and cut limes accompanies as garnish as well as the Hoisin sauce, Sriracha red chile sauce, and chile-garlic paste to season that is on the table... so you can add to the dish and voila - it is your own. Ours was with thin slices of rare beef and it was deelish... I know you're supposed to eat the meat first... but I did let a few pieces cook through and saved for last.I tend to get a little overzealous with the Sriracha sauce and chile-garlic paste... the Injun in me loves spice... the white girl in me can't measure for shit. My mouth was on fire... but it was a good heat and I quickly adapted and devoured 60% of the bowl in front of me. That's another great thing about pho... it's cheap, it leaves you extremely full and satisfied, and most of the time there will still be broth and noodles which makes most of us subconsciously feel better that "oh my gawd, I didn't eat the whole thing"... never mind it started off as like... a gallon of soup. So anyway... I had a great experience with MaryPaz here... service is attentive...the food arrives quickly... and it was damn good. Pho on a rainy day? Any day. Especially if I have my running shoes.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,8/2/2009,213,368,10,11,12>I did a quick search on Yelp for "Mexican" within "92807" and found El Farolito right in Placentia and around the corner from Anaheim.  Based on all the raving reviews I figured how could I go wrong?!This place is a gem!  I went here at exactly 12:00pm today for the lunch rush and upon first entering the restaurant I panicked as it appeared there was a long line.  I decided to be patient and put my name on the waiting list, and the line moved rather quickly and my name was called within ten minutes- quick for how many people were waiting.The smell of the food, the small-town vibe, and character of the restaurant really adds to the feel and ambiance. It hooks you right away and puts you in a great mood knowing you've landed at the right spot.From the chips and salsa (with a nice kick) to the drinks to the main course, my visit was nothing but 5 stars all-round. I ordered the Tuesday lunch special- chicken enchiladas and decided to also order  a beef burrito.  The server told me it'd be a lot of food, I said ok bring it on, thinking I'll have some to take in a to-go box.  Haha I only ate half of the food and had a full-lunch leftover for later today woohoo!The food is SOOOO tasty, the burrito and enchiladas were delicious and the rice and beans are remarkable- never had such tasty rice and beans, ever!  I text message one of the kids I coach for football (knowing his family owns a mexican restaurant) and I said hey, I just found this amazing mex restaurant in Placentia named El Farolito... He writes back 'are you kidding coach?'  I say 'no, why?'  He says, because that's our family restaurant! This place is hands down the BEST mexican restaurant I ever ate at and it's clear why it's voted #1 in OC for 3 years in a row by 2 major publications. Make sure you take a visit to El Farolito to experience real mexican food, large portions, low prices, and a great social environment!  However, be prepared, because you will become 'hooked' like I am now!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,8/1/2009,356,117,7,13,13>This place really does channel that northwestern feel.  Lots of clean wood, open ceiling space.  It always feels like a Sunday morning.I recently went here for my birthday breakfast and had to return on Valentine's Day for breakfast again.The service is great.  Our waiter knew exactly what went into the food and how they prepare it.WHAT WE ORDERED:  - Northwest Berry Waffle: Lots of fresh berries (strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and raspberries).  The berries are sweet, and taste like they've just been picked off the vine in Oregon or Washington.  The waffle has a light texture but also nice and chewy.  A lot like a funnel cake. heavy cream is perfectly sweet light and creamy. topped with powdered sugar.  mmmmm  - Coffee has the light smooth consistency of tea. no bitter bite. very easy to drink and creamer is not necessary.   - Fresh squeezed OJ.  Tastes good... but you don't get a lot of it for the money.  - Southwest Eggs Benedict:  This egg mountain masterpiece has a perfectly poached egg with plenty of runny yolk to mix and zesty southwest sauce which had a nice spicy kick to it that isn't overwhelming at breakfast time.   - Home Fried Potatoes (comes with the savory dishes): These are like thick smashed hash browns with a nice brown crust with lots of fresh rosemary and a dash of garlic powder.  - Omelet: This is kind of a messy omelet scramble kinda thing.  So, if you like your omelet with all the ingredients cooked separately and wrapped in a soft blanket of egg... don't order this.  =PI've been here not once... but twice in 2 weeks.  I would definitely go back.  This place does get a bit crowded on the weekends, so go early or late to avoid the rush.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,7/30/2009,40,82,22,18,17>Hot damn my hair looks good! Christina Sanchez is a dragon warrior level 25 scissor master! Not only does this girl have the professional skills to cut your hair perfectly with scissors, instead of going at it with a razor like many lazy hairdressers out there, but she really makes you feel great the entire time. Before the cut, she puts you at ease by explaining (honestly) what would look good on you. During the cut, she is so easygoing and can shoot the breeze about anything. And after, she does a great blow-out job to make you look going-out-ready. I don't know how much more I can explain how happy I feel leaving Christina's chair, ready to show my hair off to random strangers walking down the street.I was out of the country for a while, and after I got back, I hadn't encountered anything that made me want to Yelp it immediately. That is, until I got a haircut with Christina at Shanghai Salon. I started going to Christina at Empire and have followed her to Shanghai. This salon is small, but so modern and hip, and the vibe is fantastic. Everyone is so nice. I will be leaving to Boston for school this fall, but I refuse to let anyone else touch my hair. I am a loyal patron of Ms. Sanchez and will just have to wait for holidays to fly back. And I can't wait to try out one of Christina's famous bob cuts when I come back. Thanks C!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,7/29/2009,627,151,15,21,18>I love Peruvian food.  It's up there with Indian and Cajun as my favorite cuisine.  Makes me want to don a Scottish accent and say "GET IN MY BELLY!!!" in true Fat Bastard style. Everything is so rich and flavorful.I'd heard a lot of good things about Inka Mama's, so I took my girl there today for lunch. It's in a strip mall by Staples.  Very clean.  Nice decor.  We had the Empanadas, Lomo Saltado, Arroz con Pollo and a small bowl of Aquadito de Pollo soup.  They gave us some bread and the green aji sauce.  If you don't know what aji sauce is, let me explain; it's liquid crack.  Dip your bread in it.  Put it on your rice.  Take it home and bathe in it. This is the best Peruvian place I've been to yet.  The Arroz con Pollo was incredible.  The chicken was so tender and that beer sauce... mmmm.  I said this in a review of another Peruvian joint, but aguadito is the best chicken soup in the world.  It's got rice, cilantro, lime juice and a bit of a kick.   Oh... make sure you ask for some plantains, too; I'm not sure if they're on the menu, but they're so good.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,7/28/2009,183,220,12,14,11>YUMMM!  My one and only pitstop for kettlecorn!  When I first visited this hole-in-the-wall business 9 years back, this place only offered 3 or 4 flavors of kettlecorn served in hand-tied bags that were stacked on some cheap metal shelf racks.  Since then, their business has skyrocketed!  On my most recent visit, there were more than 25+ flavors packaged and labeled in different sizes.  The walls were lined with beautiful hardwood shelves displaying all the yummy kettlecorn.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/FiCz…)  How can a simple popcorn business prosper so well? Their kettlecorn is really just THAT good!So what flavors do I recommend?ORIGINAL: If this is your first time coming, I highly recommend you first getting the Original flavor just so you know what got this store on its feet.  Sure we've had kettlecorn elsewhere made with different recipes, but I think their kettlecorn here trumps all others b/c it has the right balance of salt and sugar on top of the delightfully fresh and lightly crispy texture.CARAMEL CHOCOLATE:  Yumm!  This one is very dense and sweet but sooo good.  Dessert kettlecorn, if you will.  The kettlecorn is first flavored with caramel then drizzled with chocolate.  While I can eat a whole bag of Original flavor, I can only eat a couple handfuls of this Caramel chocolate before getting full.SPICY CHICAGO: I like my spices so this one hits the spot pretty well.  Salty but with a good punch of spices.  Warning: this one will leave you thirsty.I'm personally too scared to try the more exotically flavored kettlecorn.  (e.g. watermelon, strawberry banana, blue raspberry, etc.) Those flavors are funky colored like bright green, red or blue.  It looks unappetizing but if you've got the guts, try it out!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,7/27/2009,363,326,13,17,14>After reading a couple of reviews of a few familiar people, I honestly thought I was going to walk away with the same experience I had at Sasabune:  Good fish, nazi sushi chefs, unfriendly environment, and pretentious patrons.  Well...turns out that wasn't the case.  What you will find is indeed good fresh fish, minus the elitist attitude and nauseating "I'm so rich and cool" customers.  It's a small & intimate spot, with both owners as the sushi chefs.  Dai was our's for the night, and I was surprised he remembered us from the first trip even though we sat at the table.  Dai was actually really sweet and a bit quirky, and kept addressing us with our names (cool), and kept us company during our dinner.  For the record...this is a weighted score of 4...price to quality.  It's a pretty straight forward place.  If you're the type that likes to be fancied by bells and whistles, this may not be it for you.Here's what we ordered:Kampachi x 2 (Yum!)Salmon (good)Yellowtail Belly (good)Bluefin Tuna x 2 (Yum!)Soft Shell Hand Crab roll x 2 (okay)Uni (good!)Octopus (bleh)Sweet shrimp (good)Spanish Mackeral (good)Toro (super super good!)Some kind of Mackeral that tasted like Kampachi (there was not enough Kampachi for seconds).  This was good!2 large AsahisI think I'm missing a few more, but this does capture most of it.Altogether, our bill came out to be about $110 if you include the 5% discount and tip.  ***edited (as a side note, we also tried other things in our previous trip, but since it was at a table we reviewed based on the trip at the sushi bar.  Munk fish liver and oysters weren't the greatest items on their menu just as an FYI.I was hesitant about the whole "don't dip in soy sauce" rule since others have failed at adding their own.  Turns out I actually like how Dai does it. He brushes the correct amt of soy sauce on the fish (which we couldn't do on our own since the thing would fall apart), and it was way better than having the rice soak up the soy sauce.  He also adds a hint of seasoning to most of the orders, which wasn't overwhelming by any means, but enough to give it the added boost.  This location has taken the #2 seat for me in terms of sushi spots.  It's where we'd go if we want to semi-splurge in order to get quality fish.  Great atmosphere, great people, great food.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,7/26/2009,659,439,9,19,11>Ah!!! Pure Sole is a such a good place to receive a really, really good massage under $40 (tip included). For the price of $30, you receive an hour long massage on your head, neck, shoulders, back, legs and feet. The Pure Sole masseur initiates the massage experience with a bucket of hot water to soak and sooth your feet, and then indulge you in a nice shoulder and upper back massage. The masseur massages your neck and focus on the troubled areas. I suffer from bad knots on the neck and upper back. Steve, the masseur I had, really worked out the knots and gave me a deep tissue massage on my neck and shoulders. Steve is excellent. I highly recommend him, although all the masseuses here are incredibly good and gradually work out the kinks and knots on your back and neck. The massages here are as good as the $75 to $120 massages you find elsewhere. Pure Sole is absolutely wonderful and is the best foot massage spa in Huntington Beach. I prefer Pure Sole to Zen Foot Care on Bolsa Chica. Pure is $15 more than Zen, but better. Now, I noticed they have a tip guide. An excellent massage, they suggest you tip = $15; Great/Good = $10 tip. Pure Sole is very clean and nicely decorated with zenny, tranquil decor and music. It has nice massage chairs that recline to massage tables. Each chair has a curtain divider that creates a little separation and privacy from your neighbor.  They also have fish massages, which is said to promote blood flow and skin exfoliation. I'm too ticklish for this activity, but I see a lot of ladies doing this activity as a group here. It's a fish pedicure. Good Tip: Dress comfortably with shorts, a tank top, and flip flops, if possible. It helps to be comfortable. Plus, you well receive a more enjoyable massage.  Live well and always indulge in good massages, my fellow yelpers!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,7/25/2009,302,356,12,18,16>OMG, I can't believe I've lived so close to an absolute treasure and didn't know it! I've heard of this place, but finally got a chance to go. In a nutshell, it's like combining Whole Foods, your run of the mill grocery, and a Henry's all in one with a Mediterranean/Persian/Indian spin! Here's what they've got:- CHEAP produce (5 bunches cilantro - $1, heads of romaine - 2 for $1, 3 lbs of red onions for $1, and 4 bunches green onions - $1).- White Rainier cherries for $2/lb, WTF?!?!?!??! Regular bing cherries for $1.69/lb - 10 varieties of Sabra hummus. - Deli counter with SLICED TO ORDER meats.- Pita/lavash/flatbread galore! I also saw some Challah there too.- Crazy spice aisle with everything imaginable.- Tons of spice mixes for Indian dishes, various legumes and grains like couscous, quinoa, and barley.- Plus you can find most of your usual needs like tortilla chips, taco mix, normal bread, Oscar Meyer cold cuts....no need to go to another store!- Ready made food area with Chinese, Greek, Mexican, Pizza, and Persian stations. I usually hit up at least 2 grocery stores based on price and need for my weekly shopping, but I can totally just come here instead. Really nice staff, pristine clean, and AWESOME. You have to check it out if you've never been, I'm a convert.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,7/24/2009,412,769,14,18,16>This is such a wonderful restaurant. It's over in the tiny version of South Coast Plaza called "Crystal Court" off of Bear st. It's on the 1st floor and it split up into 2 parts. The restaurant is in a cozy corner nook with an open kitchen and across the way under the escalator is the bar with seating all around it. My wife Donna and I eat here off and on for years and it's never disappointed. The service is always great and the food is delicious. Italian food is my least favorite cuisine, so the fact I'm giving this place 5 stars has to say something. They have unique items I've not seen at other Italian restaurants which is one of the great things about this place. They bring out 3 types of bread to start and serve it with olive oil and vinegar. We ordered the "Antipasto Misto" which came with 4 types of meats, some oil cured olives, and chunks of Parmesan cheese. It was great tasting but a bit pricey for the size. In the past I've ordered the wood fired pizzas which have amazing bubbly crust and excellent toppings. My favorite pizza has prosciutto, olives, tomatoes, mushrooms, and mozzarella. This time though I tried something new, the "Rotella". This had to be one of the best dishes I've ever had at an Italian restaurant, truly Food of the Gods.  You can see the pic my wife took... it looks gross especially with my hairy arms framing it, but trust me, it's orgasmic. The menu description is "Baked sheets of pasta rolled with Prosciutto, mozzarella and béchamel, served with a vodka cream sauce". These sheets of pasta are made there from scratch and have almost a crepe like texture and packed with flavor. When it 1st came out it looked kind of small to me, but it was sooo RICH! I was stuffed when I finished it. Every single bite was heavenly and I even sopped up the sauce with the bread. This place has allot of unique desserts too I haven't seen before. We tried the pistachio sponge cake which was good but I wouldn't order it again. Every bite was packed full of pistachios which didn't do much for me. I love this place and have always had a great time here. Problem is it's tucked away in a deserted mini-mall so I always forget about this restaurant. Be warned, they go heavy on the sauce here which I love, but I know from reading peoples Italian restaurant reviews that's a negative for some folks.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/24/2008,17,58,7,8,11>Yuki Sushi breaks my heart. Yuki is bordering on undiscovered -- and whereas that's cool when you're talking about surf spots, it's not so cool when it's a family owned and run business. Tucked in the middle of a strip mall on Beach and outshone by the bright lights of Super Autobacs and Red Robbin, I would have never discovered it if I hadn't found it first on Yelp. The welcome my partner and I received when we walked in the door (for the first time, mind you) was second only to the one I'll get on Thanksgiving. Three separate people greeted us. The serving sizes were on par with Turkey Day, too: endless leftovers from their 3 item dinner combo (they even gave us tips on how to liven them up at home). Heck, if this place was open on Thanksgiving, I might just try to relocate the whole famn damily and give thanks right there -- they are just that good. Yes, I know it's the food that counts. In fact, the owner told us so herself! Luckily, the food is great. We tried three kinds of chicken, two rolls, Korean BBQ ribs and tempura. Everything was fresh and delicious. But I maintain that what is even more important is that four or five parties came in while we were there, all regulars, all clearly customers and not family, and all were greeted by NAME. If you have any doubt that this is heartbreakingly endearing and worthy of patronage, try this on for size: They also serve watermelon slices shaped like hearts.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2008,12/23/2008,170,109,6,10,10>Walking in, I was happily shocked by the wooden Thai ornament.  It was sort of like the feeling you get when you first walked into a sushi bar, the chef greets you all loud taking you by surprise.  The lunch menu was not as expansive at I've seen at other Thai locations, but notice the price range.  Some things have to be sacrificed and at least this lady knows how to run a business by offering only signature dishes that are cooked well. We had the pad thai with chicken, tofu/fish balls with garlic, and the black crab papaya salad (Thai spicy - flavor).  The pad thai was moist, chicken pieces were irregular shaped (like I like 'em), and the sauce was good.Tofu/fish balls with garlic...I really started to wonder about this dish, I've never seen or tasted fish balls with fried tofu?!  Based off Anita's son's feelings, we decided to order it.  It was unusually tasty as a package.  Crunchy tofu on the outside, soft on the inside, sauce was very good, and the fish balls...I think they might belong in some soup swimming around with noodles somewhere.Papaya, papaya, papaya, this is my favorite summertime dish.  For those that know South East Asian cuisine, it's a big deal if someone can lay this down correctly.  The strands were crunchy just like Anita said, it was a very full and perfecT plate. Eat here if you want to feel like you're having dinner with your aunt who comes to ask you if you like her food and your little cousin is the one that shyly brings water to your table.  Lastly, request the 'purple flower' drank, it was G - oo - d.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/22/2008,322,456,16,21,19>OMG I have never reviewed this place.. I am shocked since I come here all the time.  It's like a staple in my KBBQ diet! haha I am either here or down the street getting my KBBQ fill!At first I wasn't going to write a review since I thought I already had one up but since I apparently don't.. then I need to give a shout out to this place ^_^ They really loom around 4.33 or so but since they were so diligent in changing the grill last night.. I am going to bump them up for being so good about it!Kate T. and Marlon E. came with me to the KBBQ last night and it was a lot of fun.  First Kate and I argued that they didn't have AYCE on the weekend but I told her they do.  I have been here for xmas.. thanksgiving.. and more.. always has the deal! As you can see I am always here lol.  If I were Korean, I'd be part of the family! hahaThey have AYCE for $13.99 for lunch and $16.99 for dinner.  Both serve the exact same food.  They usually start off by giving you everything.  The banchan changes from time to time but of course it will always have kimchi but rotates out certain dishes.  You also get the steamed egg and bean paste soup.  They initially will bring you Spicy Pork, Spicy Chicken, Bulgogi, Brisket, and Pork Belly.  Then you can ask for what you might like more of afterwards.Be sure to rub the grill with the onion which will cause it to stick less.  Ask for the sesame oil with salt & pepper, bean paste, and garlic.  I love unmarinated meat but I also love flavoring it up a bit with some sauces in the rice paper.They have free ice cream in the back too.  Don't expect too much because it is free but some flavors are not too bad.  I had a banana, chocolate, and green tea flavor that stumped Kate T. lol I actually liked the banana one after a while.  It's a pretty good deal.  I come here only when I want some tasty brisket... but when I want marinated foods or Kalbi.. you will definitely have to go elsewhere.  They also have a very full menu to choose different items if you are not in the mood for AYCE.. their cold noodle is not bad.. but it's huge! So don't make the cardinal mistake I did by combining it with the AYCE BBQ lol
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/21/2008,154,178,11,9,8>Frustrated with playing Golden Tee at the local Pizza Joint and getting kicked out because I was punching and screaming at the machine. I took my Tiger Wood ass over to Islands Golf Center. I've been eyeing this place for a while because I'd drive pass it everyday from work. Now you can't help but get flashbacks of Caddie Shack and Happy Gilmore scenes when you're at this place. I mean the putting green is the most sorriest thing I've ever seen! It's like they purposely leave it alone so people could actually laugh at it.The attendant that handed me over my Large Bucket of balls, $7.50 is pretty El Primo Cheapo, didn't even bother greeting me! Pretty much looked at me with total and utter disrespect. Dude..Not my fault you're a loser handing out balls while I have my fun whacking them!Anyways,  made my way over to one of the 30+ stalls. I instinctively choose the furthest stall because my friend Miller and Lite was chillen in my bag waiting to see the light of day. Now what I like about Islands is that they have..well..Islands to aim for.  You have BIG islands at 180 yards. small itty bitty islands 30 yards out. If you feel so inclined wait for the boat dude to retrieve the balls out of the murky water and just take aim!-----------------Rye's Notes:- Balls are lighter and not standard golf balls because..drum roll..it floats- Bring alcohol and chill at the furthest stalls. "Serious" golfers are at the entry way- Bring a jacket it could get a bit cold at night
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/20/2008,43,151,4,7,6>Just phenomenal - both in its staying power and in overall quality.  It's like a step back in time to a simpler age at the Beef Palace - the age where Alice went to the butcher shop to see Sam the Butcher and got a tasty hunk of beef...for the Bradys.  I'm not a huge red meat eater.  But, every once in a while, I want a good, juicy steak.  And, luckily for me, there is no better master of the grill than the one I married.  But, when his prodigous talent meets lame meat, it's such a waste.  Luckily, we found our way to the Beef Palace.Not lying - their steaks rival some we've ordered from D'Artagnan, at a fraction of the price.  (OK, I exaggerate slightly.  But I dare you to find a better aged ribeye.)"Do you want an aged, seasoned ribeye?"  Why, yes, I do - what's the price difference?  "Same price."  Are you kidding me?!  Free potatoes by the door, service with a smile, and a great recipe for prime rib.  I am in love.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,12/18/2008,225,280,11,13,13>Super King and rightfully so.With grocery markets like Super King, I still wonder why people still flock to grocery market chain stores and bother with 'rewards programs' and the mini-key chain cards they give you. Your Highest Majesty of super markets in Southern California, Super King will have none of that nonsense!Price points within the Super King's kingdom are only comparable to those of (Insert Grocery Chain Name Here.)'s rewards program deals. And only those deals. You thought you had it made with 2 gallons of milk for $5 at Vons because you're rewards program member? $5 at Super King can get you 5 gallons of milk, and you don't even need to be a member of a program. Okay, I may be exaggerating a little but...you get the point. More realistically, an example of the deals you get along the lines of produce would be like this:(Insert a quantity more than 1) for 79 cents/99 cents/1.99.Best of all, it's not too good to be true. It's too good and too true! Produce and meat is fresh and the grocery boasts a big selection in cheese, dried fruits and nuts, spices and Mediterranean food. All hail Super King!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/17/2008,231,963,5,7,5>Best nursery in the OC! I have been coming to Roger's for years, ever since I started my first garden in high school.What a beautiful place! They have such well kept grounds and they always have awesome displays of flowers.I think they have an amazing selection, especially for herbs and vegetables. I have found things here that I know I would not have found anywhere else. Are they expensive? Yes. Their gift shop, patio furniture and garden accessories are very pricey. Their plants are higher than what you might pay at Target or Armstrong, but I don't think the prices for plants are too outrageous.The employees are also very nice and happy, and always willing to help answer questions.I like coming down here even when I have no intent to buy. It's just a beautiful place to walk around and relax, especially when they decorate for Christmas!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,12/16/2008,307,511,1,6,6>My sister and I went to Tokyo Table @ Diamond Jamboree Center, aka DJC for dinner last night.  At 6:45pm, there was already a wait of 30 min for 2 people.  I think if you have more people(4 or more), they would probably seat you right away since they do have bigger tables.  I agreed.  It's more like PF Chang version of a Japanese restaurant.  When you see some of the wait staff are non-Asian, you know it's going to be a fusion cuisine.After reading the yelp reviews about avoiding anything raw fish and rolls, we ordered strictly their fusion dishes.  Since there were only 2 of us, we ordered homemade tofu, sushi pizza and garlic shrimp in hot stone pot aka (Ishiyaki or Bibimbap).The homemade tofu was definitely different. Reminds me of Tofu-Flower (Dao-Foo-Fah).  It's soft, light and has very soy after taste.  Supposedly they made their tofu in house every 25 minutes.  You can have the tofu with shio (salt) or shoyu (soy sauce) with some scallions and seaweed flakes.Sushi pizza has a little spicy kick to it.  I enjoy the fact that they didn't serve with pickled jalapenos but rather fresh jalapenos just like the picture.  If you like those dynamite and spicy dishes, you'll like this.  It was good at first but by the time I had my 5th piece, the cream/mayo kinda got to me.Garlic shrimp in hot stone pot is basically shrimp scampi sauce with rice.  Sounds weird but it's quite flavorful, especially the crispy rice.  They were not skimped with the shrimps, in fact it's pretty good size and quantity.  That was our main dish.We were going to try the Honey Toast but we were too full after 3 dishes.  Maybe next time.  Price tag came out to be $45 include tip and 2 orders of Sencha Green Tea served in Iron Teapot and the green tea was good. They have very nice bar.  Great ambiance.  Perfect for dates or business meeting.  The place doesn't look very big but they do have party rooms.In my opinion, the food was more like 3-star (not bad nor spectacular) but 1 star for the ambiance so that makes it 4-star total. I didn't get to check out 85C Cafe.  They were closed for training by the time we were done dining which was strange.  We walked by and they had like a brain storm session going on.  I was hoping to get something for work to try it.  Oh well, maybe next time.  Other restaurants that are opened include BCD Tofu House, BBQ Chicken, and Chae Bahn.  Soon to be opened include HK Mart (Korean supermarket), Guppy House (Shaved ice dessert), Capital (dim sum) and Balcony Grill (second floor).I agreed with most of the yelpers.  DJC overall has a very dumb design like diamond plaza in Rowland Heights.  1-way in and 1-way out only on Alton.  Even with only these few stores opened, the parking lot is already 80% full on Thursday night.  Imagine when it's completely opened, it would be even more crowded.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,12/14/2008,184,80,9,12,10>Get the Italian Beef.Seriously, my friend recommended it and said whenever she orders and someone takes a bite they always say, "That's really good! I should have ordered that." Add me on that list. Italian beef = heavenly bliss.I ordered their beef hot dog with the works and it was tasty- definitely get it with the works. The Italian Beef is a must too. You can have it dry (little gravy), extra gravy (dipped a bit in gravy), or dipped (submerged in gravy). I got mine dipped, but I think I would like it better with just extra gravy- the bun was too soggy for me.Another plus? It's cheap! I got a hot dog with the works, Italian beef sandwich, onion rings and a drink for under 7 bucks.Apparently the place it packed all the time. Don't be surprised if you show up with your gang on a Saturday and you can't find a parking spot/place to sit. All in all, great little joint if you are craving beefy, gooey, gravy-induced deliciousness. Did I mention to get the Italian beef? :D
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,12/13/2008,91,38,9,7,9>Ok, I'm the first to hate on all you can eat sushi but break down and eat some.  But you know what? Joe's Sushi is the reason I'm glad I kept giving All You Can Eat sushi a chance.Before you sushi heads get your panties in a bunch and disregard any review I put up ever again stop and read the words I'm typing: All You Can Eat FRESH Uni and Kumamoto oysters. I thought I'd get your attention.Now the fish isn't Matsuhisa fresh but what do you expect from an All You Can Eat place?  It's at least 100% more fresh than Kabuki.  That chain can take their sake and put it up their... oh wait, this is a review for Joe's.For $25 for dinner you basically have carte blanche.  No silly limits on how much uni is too much.  I almost didn't want to post this review in case some of you sushi loving yelpers start going to Joe's to take advantage of their insanely cheap uni  and put them out of business.  When you get to Joe's you'll find the place is tiny.  Like probably seating for around 30-40 people including the sushi bar tiny.  At least that's how it feels.  The service the pretty awful.  It's apparent that they skimp on the servers in favor of more sushi chefs and well, more uni for me.The majority of their dishes included in the AYCE sushi menu are pretty good especially their salads.  I hold back on the rolls to make room for more important fish in the sea, but they do have some really interesting flavor combinations in their specialty rolls like mango and that rainbow rice topper stuff. Their rice to fish ratio in most of their rolls is pretty off though, especially in their superman burrito or whatever they call it.  They might as well call it soy paper wrapped rice and crab with a k.Anyhow none of this matters because if you haven't noticed I'm talking about AYCE oysters and uni.  I don't even know why I kept reviewing this place after my first statement.  Everything else I said was a waste of your precious yelping time.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/1/2013,592,331,20,27,29>I came upon Ennar a while ago but only now have been able to get my review post up for them. Anyhow, curious as to this Fountain Valley izakaya-styled restaurant owned by Vietnamese people and prepared by a chef trained in French cooking came about, I had to visit them myself. Tucked away in a plaza, this location may be hard to spot but you'll like the quaintness of the interior. I got a chance to speak to Chef (and co-owner) Bryan briefly who gave a little background in his traditional French cooking and how much he liked the precision involved in Japanese cooking.That specialization needed to properly prepare and serve yakitori gave me some insight into how Ennar runs. They focus on good ingredients and making a great experience for each guest. Don't plan on coming here for a quick bite to eat! The restaurant is definitely for those looking to relax and eat good food without feeling rushed. A point that Chef Bryan emphasized as we spoke was how their food is cooked in 100% rice bran oil which may be costly for a restaurant owner to use but speaks volumes in the cooking itself. It was even more obvious that they aren't messing around there when he showed me how they make their own citrus chili sauce with zests only of grapefruit, oranges, lemon, and other citrus fruits, all removed by hand. Very tasty. Our drinks for the night were the Lychee Soju Dirty Martini & Orange Mint Green Tea. The martini was very cloudy as its name stated and had a strong lychee taste which was great. I'd have to say that it was a little stronger in alcoholic smell and taste that I was expecting of soju but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The tea was a great iced mix of citrus and mint, perfect for my coughing dinner mate. Our starters were their Starter salad, quite the disappointment in its too-sour dressing and choice of cabbage. It was almost a slaw but too limp to be one. We also had their grilled squid with sea salt, a beautifully presented dish with plenty of extra flavors piled around for however we chose to eat. It came out as a whole squid sliced up neatly and generously topped with green onion. I think that it was just the tiniest bit overcooked as it teased at being rubbery but otherwise, a good dish to share with others looking for something different.Two of my favorites were the American Kobe Beef skewer and Pork Cheek skewer. Yes, I know that you can't really get Kobe beef outside of Japan but the one that was labeled such here is so succulent, you can forgive the semantics. I love the cuisine style because as both Chef Bryan and I agreed, cooking is in large part a way for the ingredients to stand out for themselves. The beef was fantastic in its own right. The Pork Cheek was even juicier and a real treat (possibly my favorite for the whole night?). We also got the popular Quail Egg Wrapped in Pork Belly and the Chicken Hearts. I felt that the pork belly slices were so thin on the quail eggs (which normally have large yolks) that the flavor was lost. They were a bit forgettable so I guess I didn't react the same way about these ones. The chicken hearts were good though with their slight char and hearty bite (har har).Duke D. really loves corn so we got the Corn on the Cob halves which he ate 75% of. I didn't particularly enjoy it since they were the sweet kind and had gotten a little mushy when grilled. What I did enjoy, however, was the Soft Shell Crab Tempura, a "morbid" plate that had the deep-fried creatures in their natural stance. I got over it quickly though as I'm used to eating worse as an Asian person (seriously, we eat everything!). Their crab was impressive and the tempura batter seasoned well. We both also found the crunch to be just right. A round of quail also came with reasonable portions. The barest of seasonings were sprinkled atop the well-prepared little fowl to let the meat and its natural flavors shine through and shine they did. You should give this one a try yourself. Then when we felt nearly fit to burst, a beautiful bowl of monkfish liver came out. If you haven't had this before, think of foie gras from the seas - briney, fatty, creamy, decadent. These were some lovely buttery pieces and a must-have here.Last but not least was dessert - their Banana Brulee with Red Bean Ice Cream. A good dessert but I don't think it necessarily lives up to all the hype I saw on Yelp previously. Maybe that's just the lack of a sweet tooth talking though. The brulee on the banana was great and gave a nice crackle in your mouth when you ate it along with the ice cream. However, the ice cream was a tad too hard and overall the plating made the ingredients slippery to handle with a spoon or when trying to break off bites. Despite this, the meal was wonderful all in all, and I'm looking forward for the next time we drop by. After all, the ingredients were given the full ability to let their natural good traits be at the forefront, something I love to see and do with my own cooking. Thumbs up.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/31/2013,458,139,20,26,23>Mastro's Ocean Club is such an elegant and romantic place! I had such a wonderful dining experience ; excellent food,  impeccable service and marvelous company. We were seated promptly although we were late on our reservations. Place was packed! We were also seated at a corner table which was nice. I like a little privacy.For appetizer, we ordered the escargot and a spicy mambo salad with anchovies. The escargot was delicious! It didn't come with the shells though. I found out that escargot shells are reusable lol.  Learned something new that night =). The spicy mambo salad was pretty much  like a caesar salad with a little hint of horseradish and wasabi for the dressing and the anchovies gave it the perfect kick. Oh also, there's also a huge assortment of starter bread which can easily fill you up before your meal starts. For our entrees, we ordered the petite filet (8 oz) ,bone in filet, sauteed sea scallops, lobster mashed potatoes and gorgonzola mac and cheese. Both the steaks were cooked medium rare and it was perfection! The petite filet was plenty!  The lobster mashed potatoes had huge chunks of lobster in it. YUM. The mac n cheese was very good as well. Not too rich and a good crisp of cheese on top. The scallops were soft and tender with a delicious garlic sauce. For dessert, I was told they were famous for their buttercake, so we ordered that. We also ordered a salted caramel martini. What a pair! The warm butter cake came with a side of freshly whipped cream and a scoop of ice cream. We paired our dinner with a bottle of pinot noir (can't remember which). One of the best wine I've ever had. Overall, my first Mastro's experience was simply unforgettable from start to finish.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/30/2013,1010,796,13,15,12>I'm going to have to ride the wave on this one and suggest that you believe the hype and check out Frostbites. I've never been much of a fan of desserts that are heavily made with dairy so I've always steered towards italian ice and gelato. Joe's Italian Ice will always hold the top italian ice spot in my heart but Frostbites comes in a close 2nd. I opted for the Sorbet Chill, which is straight ice. For the smallest size, the uber friendly staff member allowed me to mix 3 different flavors. I chose the blueberry on the bottom, sour apple in the middle, and raspberry on top. The ice was all very soft and packed with flavor. A bit on the sour side but it was as I expected since all the flavors are normally a bit tart. Each bite was like biting into fresh snow, as if they had just been collected up in the mountains in the midst of the winter season. If you enjoy frozen custard and ice, which is exactly like a Joe Latti, then I recommend the Sorbet Cream. Same concept where they layer your chosen frozen custard and top it off with your chosen italian ice. Their staff deserves big time kudos. Our faces must've pegged us as first-timers because the young lady allowed us to sample a lot of their flavors and even suggested several combinations. I was being more indecisive than usual and anyone that can put up with that deserves the employee of the month award!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/29/2013,283,393,23,30,30>The Good:  Honest person making a honest living doing what he loves to do.  Francisco and Pearl are the F and P in FNP.  I don't trust mechanics unless I can see what they are doing and they have a open garage and I can sometimes sneak a peak, heck Francisco will take me back and show me what's wrong and what might go wrong.  He doesn't talk down to me because I don't know jack about cars or in this case trucks.  He also will spend time answering my questions, which I have a ton of.  The Bad:  I think it's only him and maybe another mechanic at the shop so it's best to setup an appointment.The Ben:  Francisco asked me how my wiper blades were doing and I thought, okay he's trying to sell me on things I don't need to make a quick buck.  He looked at them and told me they were fine, I'm thinking okay maybe not, turns out I was the 300th customer and won a free pair of wiper blades.....score.  Might not be the best price in town, but I feel he's honest and charges a fair price, just do some quick research before you go in and you'll be in good hands.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/28/2013,184,141,17,18,15>Cubano StefanoSay it with me now. Cubano Stefano.  So good.  Good enough that you don't need to utter anything else once you're here.  Their version is perfection.Sweet salty ham, shredded roast pork, good deli mustard, swiss cheese and AHHHHHHMAZING pickles....all of these glorious ingredients are appropriately sandwiched between warm and crusty panini bread.  Forget what you know about paninis they have it going on here.  Oh my goodness I need another one, like now.  As soon as we get that Star Trek replicator machine happening in real life I want mine programmed with this sandwich.  Stefano's is warm and cozy with wall to wall shelves full of all kinds of goodies you will want to take home with you.  Delectable combos of fruit and chili flavored jellies, cookies, soup mixes, olive oils.  Many different representations of the word tasty in cute lil jars and packages ready for the taking.  I myself took home some split pea soup mix and even got a ham bone with tons of ham still on it for no extra charge.  LOVED IT.  I mean, I cooked it, but it was still delicious.  I can't comment on sides or dessert because all I had was the spectacular sandwich.  Myself and Chad ate there in total bliss.  Just scrumptious I tell you.  I'm going to be a regular there for sure.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/27/2013,231,963,17,20,19>Normally when we want pizza it is because we don't feel like leaving the house to get food. Last night we wanted some, but the two places we had been ordering from have kind of gone downhill, so I suggested MammaLucco's. Problem with that? They don't deliver. Granted, I only live about one mile from this location, so it is not a huge hassle to go down the hill and get it, but delivery would be a nice option.I called in the order and they said 15 - 20 minutes. I went down there about 15 minutes later. I was helped immediately and was back home in less than 10 minutes from when I had left.We ordered The Works pizza, pepperoni, sausage, onions, olives, red and green bell peppers. Very good! We both enjoyed the pizza a lot. We also ordered their Pepperoni Piccolos, which are rolls stuffed with loads of cheese and pepperoni, and topped with a massive amount of garlic and some oil. Those were AWESOME!I would totally give them five stars, but the lack of delivery and somewhat high prices keep me a fan instead of a lover. It was $34 for a medium pizza and the appetizer. Kind of steep, but the food was really good. It's not like we order pizza on a regular basis, so I suppose we can splurge here now and then.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,7/26/2013,696,746,27,35,31>I have to up a star for Anepalco's Cafe. Everybody gets caught up in the stupid chilaquiles hype but don't let that prevent you from trying their huevos rancheros and sandwiches, which IMO are way tastier!Overshadowed by the chilaquiles, the huevos rancheros (yelp.com/biz_photos/anep…) doesn't get enough love, IMO. It's very similar to the chilaquiles, except that it has a soft corn tortilla bottom topped with black beans. I prefer this to the chilaquiles because it isn't as heavy and dry, plus the ingredients mesh better; it's got the perfect symphony of flavors!The other gem at this place are the sandwiches. One of my coworkers that I've taken here literally worships me for introducing him to this place and their sandwiches, lol. I've tried the Anepalco's Sandwich and Colorado Chicken Sandwich that were both excellent. A little thick especially with the ciabitta bread so they were hard to eat and got a little messy, but taste wise they were delicious! I am definitely coming back to try their other sandwiches. Carnitas, Cuban, and Jalapeno Chimichurri Beef sandwiches all sound like something I'd love to try; and my coworker told me the Italian was amazing too.The lunch crepes are okay. I had the French-Mexique Green Tomatillo Crepe and it was just okay. It tasted good at first, then it was felt more and more like enchiladas... I tried a bit of the Chipotle Creamy Chicken crepe that I thought was better. The soup on one occasion was super watery, but decent other times.Once you have gotten the chilaquiles out of the way, come back and try their huevos rancheros and sandwiches. You'll be wondering why they aren't known for those instead!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2013,7/25/2013,262,594,44,51,46>Sidecar I'd love to give you a gold 5 star review, or perhaps a sterling 4 star review, but your prices stop me, along with only love-love-loving 1 or 2 donuts.Pricey pricey donuts, line out the door, down the block (sort of), expensive coffee-type drinks (cappuccino was over $4, too small and duh, filled with foam).   yelp.com/biz_photos/side…There is no indoor seating, but there is outdoor seating (a teeny-tiny amount) and nobody was sitting there.  I guess nobody wants to sit and enjoy their coffee and donuts with lots of people right in front sort of crowding you.Staff was friendly and fairly efficient, the line didn't take that long!While I really loved the cinnamon crumb donut, I was not as impressed with the huckleberry donut, the malasada or the Mexican chocolate.  Some impressions are of course based on "fave" type donuts, i.e. I really love a cinnamon crumb donut, but I also love malasadas.  I lived in Hawaii (the king of malasadas), and Sidecar's just don't compare.The pricing is basically thru the roof, think $2.50 and up-up-up for 1 donut, not particularly wallet friendly.  Questions:  was it amazeballs?  (I got that or a reasonable wording thereof at least 2-3 times upon my two long drive check ins).  No, it was not amazeballs.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/24/2013,198,226,22,19,18>It is official; Crema Cafe is my favorite place for a good ole 'murican breakfast.What used to be an occasional breakfast spot for my friends and I is now a source of guilty pleasure/reason to take the scenic route to school...I am a creature of habit.I'm all for trying new things... especially if someone else is paying... but I'm not getting any younger; might as well eat all my favorite things before life forces me onto some weird-ass, Dr. Oz -approved diet.I've sampled many things here that i've enjoyed, but I always order one of two things:the chorizo benedict and the corned beef hash.Chorizo Eggs Benedict: I never felt that ham was the best meat option for this dish. Chorizo is a fine choice!Corned beef hash: How many times have people ordered this dish at any other breakfast joint only to find that their dish came out of a can...or that the ratio of meat to potatoes was 1:4...or that they never got enough crispy, caramelized bits.This place does corned beef hash right!Sure it's with their sauteed potatoes as opposed to hash browns, but understand that they have kick-ass sauteed potatoes.The dish comes with actual chunks of tender corned beef that is sauteed with the potatoes. Your style of two fried eggs goes on top, a helping of sour cream lays to the side, and your choice of toast finishes up your order.The way the egg yolk, corned beef, and potatoes melds all in your mouth is truly magical.I've actually been on a small adventure for the best local corned beef hash and thus far, Crema Cafe's is #1.Crooked Duck's comes at a close 2nd.If you happen to try the above mentioned dishes and happen not to like what you get, I apologize.Box up the leftovers, message me, and I'll more than happily relieve you of your food.There's no shame eating other people's leftovers, right?
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,7/23/2013,1163,323,28,35,35>I started coming to Rosie's a few years ago and I love it! For starters it is quite a bit closer than going down to Huntington Beach and I like the dog owners here better.Parking can be a bit tricky and I was trying to park on the street to avoid putting money in the meter but after I tried this a few times, I realized that it was just easier to pull up in front of the volleyball courts and pay the money. Its not to expensive but I hate to pay for parking!There is a section that is the "dog beach" part that is kind of coned off and you will want to keep your dogs on the leash as you are walking them over. I did see an authority figure messing with somebody so its better to be safe than sorry.I have nothing against big dogs that are typically aggressive but they do not belong at a dog park or dog beach. In the past I have seen people bring bigger dogs to the one in HB and that was one of the biggest turn offs about it for me.People at Rosies's are generally pretty watchful over their dogs so that is good. There is a place just outside the parking lot that will let you give your dog a wash which is just perfect for your little ball of wet fur LOL. I am pretty sure the name of it is Tidy Dog.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,12/11/2010,932,808,8,16,12>Shabu Shabu Bar looks modern and pretty (so are their waitresses haha).  There's a cute little waiting area/bar by the door.  Their sake collections are displayed on one side of the wall.Shabu Shabu Bar's hot pot is different from the other places'.  It has a "chimney" in the middle.  I wonder what is the use of the "chimney"?  Also there's no kombu seaweed in the soup base, just water.Roasted sesame for the goma sauce.  We grind the seeds, and our waiter added goma sauce to it.  The ground sesame smelt so good.  In my opinion, besides fresh ingredients, what make shabu shabu good or not are the dipping sauces.  I LOVE Shabu Shabu Bar's sauces.  Comparing to California Shabu Shabu (our other favorite shabu shabu restaurant), their goma sauce is sweeter and not as thick.  It tasted different, but also good.  Their ponzu sauce was so good that I think I can just drink it.  Our server told us he made it himself!  I want to be his friend.  We added a drop of their special "hot drop" into the dipping sauces.  It was AMAZING!  Soooooooo good!We were so happy with the dipping sauces, we had to order beer to celebrate!  haha....They gave you a lot of vegetables here.  There were Chinese cabbage, green leaf veggies, tofu, seaweed, corn, mushroom, carrot, konjac noodle and udon noodle.  Everything was really fresh, clean, and good quality.  I saw a lot of men left most of their vegetable plate untouched, and I saw the waitstaff throwing those beautiful vegetables into the trash can.  What a waste!  People really should eat more vegetables! I always like to cook all of my veggies first, then cook meat piece by piece, and eat it with veggies.Normally brown rice cost extra $1, but they were out of white rice so we got brown rice for free.  Nice!Dr. P ordered a large Prime Beef.  The beef looked beautiful, but Dr. P noticed that there were some little brown spots at the edge of the meat.  He asked our waiter about it, and the waiter asked the owner to come take a look.  The owner apologized and said they shouldn't send out a plate like that.  They quickly gave Dr. P another plate of meat without any brown spots.  Dr. P was very happy with his prime beef.I ordered Kurobuta "Berkshire" Pork.  While Dr. P was waiting for his beef, he tried some pork.  He took a bite and went "Mmmmmm wow!"  He said he has never had pork that good.  Their pork was truly delicious!  The marbling of the meat was beautiful.  It tasted so tender.  Personally I like it more than beef.Toward the end of the meal, our server brought us some soup base for the udon noodle soup.  He also offered to make it for us, but we like cooking it ourselves. A bowl of goodies.  We like their soup base a lot.  But I LOVE the ponzu sauce too much so I have to dip udon noodle in the ponzu too.  haha....  I don't even like carrot.  But I ate the carrot because it was in cute flower shape.After the meal, we were about to pop.  Our server said to us, "I hope you guys have room for dessert because it's my treat!"  I kinda want to ask why, but then I just said "oh that's so nice of you.  Thank you."  We thought maybe they want to make up for the beef incident.  We picked green tea and mango mochi ice cream.  Both were yummy.We had a coupon from Yelp for buy 1 get 1 50% off (with 20% gratuity added).  But looking at the bill, they gave us a $25 discount?  They gave Dr. P his order for free.  They didn't have to do that because they did resolve the problem right away, and we were very happy with the beef.  But that also showed how good their service is.  The owner came and apologized one more time in the middle of the meal.  Our server was very polite and friendly.  A really pretty waitress was also chatty and friendly.  Good food + good service = good restaurant.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,12/10/2010,901,219,9,14,15>It's about time I tried this place!I think that we had luck on our side today, because when I came here with my boyfriend, parking was a breeze, and we didn't even have to wait more than 5 minutes for the table.From the moment I walked in, I could tell that this place was going to be different. Even before I could give my name to the hostess, I was offered free French bread.Everyone here is so warm, welcoming, and friendly! No wonder they were rated #1 Friendliest business in OC! Our server, Luke, was great and answered all of our questions and more. It took us a while to order (even though I already knew that I MUST GET THE PINK SAUCE), and Luke was very patient with us. Finally we decided on the Pink Sauce with linguine and bay scallops, and the Veal Parmesan (I forgot what the real name is).We nibbled on french bread and olive oil infused with garlic while we waited for our entrees. The owner even stopped by our table to give us a free sample of cheese ravioli, which were delicious! And seriously, you NEED to get the pink sauce.Highlights of the experience: When Luke brought me a Tide To-Go pen when I spilled pasta sauce on my shirt, getting free chocolate chip cookies as a dessert, and being given a card valid for a free appetizer for our next visit. That will definitely come in handy since I can't wait to come here again!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,12/9/2010,419,160,10,16,15>I gotta start by saying, don't knock it till you try it! ...and no i did not quit my day job. I'm always down to try different fitness or dance classes, and i heard that pole dancing was a kick ass workout, so i knew i had to try it. The 90-minute Intro-to-Pole Workshop i took today only had 3 other students so i felt like i got the benefits of a private lesson without feeling awkward and alone. The class is taught in a small, dark, intimate studio, with the only lighting coming through the fuchsia colored curtains. We started off with a warm-up (who knew simple stretches could look so hot?!), and then she taught us basic moves on the pole like the pirouette and fireman spin. She makes it look so freakin' easy! I could probably do squats for days, but when it comes to upper body strength, I could use a lot of work, and when it comes to this vertical dancing, you definitely need some arm power. Don't let that deter you though, women that come to this studio come in all shapes and sizes,and the age ranges from 18 to 60+ which is awesome. More power to you if you can step outside your comfort zone and learn something completely out of your element at any age.One of my favorite parts of the workshop was when our instructor gave us a demo. I was just so amazed and inspired watching her perform ---it is so pretty and hypnotizing...i can only imagine how fun it is for guys to watch this =X.I love this art because it is something so uniquely feminine, and allows you to build your strength, while looking graceful, and feeling damn sexy. It also really intrigues me because it's a challenge and i know i won't be satisfied until i really get it down. The only con i see is that pole fitness can be really expensive. I'm happy that i got a good deal for this workshop at their open house, and they also offered another deal after my workshop today so I can still afford to keep taking more classes. Even battle scarred and all from banging my feet against the pole, I can't wait to take my next lesson here and learn some more tricks and routines!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,12/8/2010,73,92,5,9,9>Once again I'm being a 5 star whore and Yelp proves not to disappoint. I've been in the area for about 2 years and have seen this little pub in the distance whilst doing some grocery shopping at Henry's.Finally after an extremely frustrating day at work and me and the wife requiring a drink we both decided to visit. Man it did not disappoint.The pub has a small patio out front and the indoor area is not that big either but for some reason it is very welcoming. I'm not sure what it was but it felt very homely in there. Loved it. The owner quickly came out and asked us what we wanted to drink. She offered the pint and what she called the "big one". I always opt out for the big one, I was expecting a 22 oz beer but man, I couldn't believe my eyes what she was bringing out as the big one. This is the only place that I've been to in America where they serve you 1 litre size draught beers. The only other pubs I've been to that serve you 1 litre size were in Europe. That alone maybe me giddy inside.I had the pastrami on rye and let me tell you it was fantastic. They slightly butter the bread and toast it. They add sauerkraut, a dill pickle and some kind of fancy mustard. All worked perfectly. I'm finally excited I found a local watering hole and so close to home. For a second there I thought I was back in Melbourne. Good stuff. Love to see mom and pop joints thrive and make you feel at home. A+!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,12/7/2010,364,151,12,13,14>haha i will try my best not to sound racist as i write this since i myself am asian.. but i was so surprised when i got here to find that it is a vietnamese run restaurant, who makes the best damn brunch food ive had in awhile!!  based on the reviews i read before checking this place out, for some reason i thought this place was owned and operated by caucasians, since most brunch places ive been to are.  and the tshirts they wear just look like they work at a pho place.. but instead of pho they are serving you yummy breakfast lol. haha. i just felt like i was hit with the biggest culture shock. but that all aside..their food is DELICIOUS!! my friends and i each ordered something different and so i got to try a lot of stuff!  we ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes, which were so fluffy and the blueberry syrup wasnt overly sweet.  i ordered the eggs benedict, which was yummy, the eggs were a litttleeee overcooked but not enough for me to complain, and the asian pesto sauce delicious and the potatoes were good too, i liked that they came on a french baguette rather than an english muffin =)also had some of my friends skillet, which was delicious... its like having mexican food for breakfast. yummm. then also had some of my friends mushroom/cheddar cheese/sausage omelette, which was really fresh and tasty too. overall. a really great breakfast place, we went around 1pm on a saturday afternoon and it wasnt busy at all, and the service is really fast here! love it!!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,12/6/2010,442,800,6,10,7>I love Mexican.  I love French.  Put them together and you got a funky, badass dish.  The chilaquilles are in my daydreams.  Not only do they look enticing, but how can they still taste better than they look?  You could eat at a place like this everyday, but if you're like me and work the 8-5, you have to go on the weekends.  I've also had their crepes, which are good.  The huevos rancheros are great as well.   After having the chilaquilles, you really just want to order that and call it a day.   PS: They are adding the huevos divorciados next week.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,12/5/2010,602,225,6,10,8>Rae G. where have you been all my life?? So I wanted to go somewhere for lunch today at work, and I could only venture so far in a 35 minute span cause how busy I am today. Looked up Rae G cafe close by my work, how could I have not notice this place.Organic teas, coffee, pretty healthy eats if you chose the right things..I like!! I ordered the lunch special which was $6.79 with tax came out to $7.38. The pesto chicken sandwhich with provolone cheese, pesto, spinach, tomato, grilled onion, and chicken. I could only eat half the sandwhich cause it was a huge sandwhich!! You can order a side salad, soup or a drink with the combo special. I chose a side salad of their own creation of red potato salad. OMG!! One of the best potato salads I've had. Creamy, hard boiled egg whites, & other deliciousness ...mmm I didn't want it to end lol. I also was intrigued with their small but nice selections of loose leaf teas. They give you a decent size bag of it for $1!!! That's a steal for a loose leaf drinker like myself. I picked Rasberry green tea, peach white tea, and english breakfast. I can't wait to wake up tomorrow & make myself a hot cup of tea.They open early too for breakfast at 8:00am I'll be making a pit stop for breakfast this week yeah!!!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,12/4/2010,361,173,14,9,11>Let's get one thing straight; no matter what decade you are from spandex is a MUST when bowling to allow for full motion and maximum flexibility out on the lanes.Things you MUST do while here::a) Take a picture with the awkward bear statue at the entranceb) Dance your heart out to the Dance Dance Revolution (DDR) game at the front so all other patrons can seec) Eat an unidentifiable fried object (UFO)d) Have someone keep a straight face as you hold 2 blue balls, or 2 pink balls, in appropriate places depending on your genderSome noteworthy items about the lanes:: 1) They have pitchers ((no, huge pitchers)) for $122) I don't think any night is 'busy' so don't bother reserving a lane and shelling out the $100 deposit3) If you are on medication that 'may cause drowsiness' you run the risk of what I like to call 'bowling backwards'; if you like to live on the edge proceed with caution, if you're not as adventurous... stay home.Great experience and definitely throw-back to the golden days of bowling when being on a league called 'The Pin Heads' or 'Brew Drinkin' Brunswicks' was actually cool; I did my Grandpa proud by bowling a few... and getting a record number of gutter balls in the process.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,12/3/2010,318,119,7,9,8>I walked into this store with my sister, so we could check out their inventory of birthday cakes. I also wanted to see what their cupcakes were like, but the second I walked in, my heart broke ... no cupcakes, no cookies, no cake ... just lots and lots ... and lots of baking supplies! I got over my immense disappointment quickly and started looking around. Everything you would ever need to bake a cake, cupcake, tower of cupcakes, tower of cakes ... pyramid of cookies ... is in this store!!! If I had some money laying around or hadn't already decided to spend it on something else, I would have bought shopping carts full of supplies! I pulled myself away from browsing and finally walked up to the counter for the whole reason I was there ... to order a birthday cake! The employee who helped us was really nice and informative. She showed us the book of themed birthday cakes to chose from and we decided that Sesame street was the way to go! I think we did it for ourselves ... re-living our childhood through the cake. After-all, my little nephew was turning one, he wouldn't care what's on the cake, only that he can sink his hands into it! A week later we picked up the cake and were given an extra little cake on the side with a Big # 1 on it!! It was unexpected! The cake was DELICIOUS!! We had ordered the lemon cake, with strawberry filing and buttercream frosting! Yum! It was completely gone in less than 10 minutes :)I plan on going back and signing up for one of their cooking classes! I heard that they were fun, can't wait to see if it's true!I would have given this place a 5 star review, but I didn't completely get over my disappointment, of not finding a cupcake to eat in the store!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,12/2/2010,384,243,11,14,12>Long story short....I had lunch in the car on the way back to the office.  I had many things to carry, including the trash from lunch.  As I was throwing away the trash...I accidentally included my car keys with the trash.  Of course I didn't realize this til wayyyyyy later!So here I am stuck at work without my car keys.  (mind you it is only my 2nd week into this new job).  I'm just moping around outside of my office thinking of what to do, who to call when one of my new coworkers asks me if I had found my keys.  I say no....and tell her I'm having my brother bring my spare keys down.  She looks and says, hey you want a ride?  it's gonna take your brother forever to get down here with rush hour traffic.  So I say thanks and agree to get a ride from her.As we're driving and nearing my home she realizes it's in Placentia, and then exclaims omg El Farolito is right there and they have the best mexican food in the area.  (she is of Mexican ethnicity).  I had also heard from my friend Dave G that this was a good place to eat.  So I think a little and ask her if she wants to have dinner there as she would be fighting traffic herself to get home.  We walk in a little before 6 and it's already packed!  I'm a little hesitant at this point as the list looked kind of long.  As we wait we decide to get some beers....and before you know it our names are called.  (the wait might look bad, but they move people in and out pretty well).Ordered the enchiladas....oh yum, the rice and beans were good too.  My plate was licked clean.  Oh...the chips and salsa was up there amongst the best.   Not sure if it was happy hour???  but their beer was only $3.50 or so for the Dos XX (as I do consider myself a pretty interesting guy)...Of course I look at all the plates of other customers and they all looked very good....I will have to come here more often as it is so close to home...and it does have a very authentic feel and taste.....
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,5/11/2010,12,799,9,15,13>Never had their donuts but I think they're famous for something else.Tamales!I am not a fan of tamales but after my first sampling of Sak tamales, I've been craving them almost daily. They have the most finely ground masa I've ever had the pleasure of sampling. They do such an amazing job of preparing their tamales that they are just as good (and I mean JUST as good) when reheated later in the day. It's almost as if they were fresh. I'm not joking.Filling is shredded chicken which is tender and flavourful. Red tamales were not as spicy as the green and needed an extra kick, but the green were great and didn't need any enhancements. Banana leaf is used to wrap as opposed to corn leaf and when you reheat, if you reheat, keep them in the leaves. Re-wrap them if you have to. The result is worth the couple seconds of hassle. A great find and a definite new favourite of mine not only in regards to a new business, but also in regards to a previously avoided cuisine. Big thumbs up.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,5/10/2010,402,355,11,11,9>Don't listen to your friends when they say at 11pm on a Friday night, "Let's just stay up all night drinking and go to Paul's at 6am when they open!" This can only lead to trouble.They were very nice to pour me a lot of jager at 6am though, which probably helped with the hangover I was waiting any minute to fall into... and they got me a cup of coffee [with a chaser of redbull vodka bleh] when I just couldn't drink for the 15th hour straight.I think my favorite part of Paul's though is the patio. The weird burnt up ashtrays, and the benches they don't mind you laying on when you're about to pass out. And they even started serving everyone their own mini pitcher rather than glasses of beer. Now that's just classy. And convenient!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,5/9/2010,355,278,10,14,11>I have a new face. And I didn't have to inject, pull, laser, or tighten anything to get it. All I did was get my eyebrows done by Ally.It's not like I looked like Frida Kahlo or Peter Falk before, but I definitely needed some eyebrow help. Ally took one look at the brow issues going on and whipped those hairs into shape. It's really incredible what a little plucking, waxing, and shaping can do for you. It didn't hurt at all, either. Ally used some sort of pink wax concoction that doesn't pull the skin off and my brows weren't even red afterward. Shocking. Ally also gave me some excellent tips on how to groom the brows myself. I promised her that I would not tweeze them between appointments (which is the equivalent of telling Madonna to stop working out), but, I'll do my best. On the same day, I went back to Hanan for a color and cut. I had moved between my last cut/color with her and, in the meantime, I admittedly tried a few salons in my new neighborhood. All that did was validate for me that I cannot go to anyone else. Hanan is simply the best and worth the extra distance. I walked out of the salon looking better than I had in a long time. Go see these lovely ladies if you need a little hair and brow love. You'll pay a very reasonable price for looking like a million bucks.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,5/8/2010,65,449,19,9,9>The last time I ordered blueberry pancakes somewhere, it was a severe letdown.  Like a monkey in rage, I started hurling poo at nearby people.  It was not a pretty sight.So anyways, weeks have passed and I was in serious need of redemption.  I skeptically ordered the blueberry pancakes as a side dish to my biscuits and gravy, crepes and coffee.  You can call it a modest breakfast...if you were a 300 pound woman.  But anyways...When the pancakes came out, they were presented on a small dish.  Each of the three pancakes were folded in half (so that they can fit on the small plate?  WTF!).  My temperature started to boil.  There was, at most, an unworthy sliver of blueberry compote that garnished the top of the trio along side some creamy butter (Ugh, that's it?!).  I didn't want to let the raging monkey out again, but it was inevitable.Raging monkey or not, I will always be inclined to finish all my food.  I proceeded to cut a square of the folded pancake.  To my surprise, the folded pancake started to bleed a deep purple.  I gasped as I unfolded one of the pancakes.  A treasure trove of blueberry compote was revealed.  With the rage subsiding, I laid claim to my bounty and devoured everything on that plate.  I smiled at the staff as they sighed in relief.  In thanks, I hand groomed the chef and waiter's hair while looking for ticks in their scalps.Redemption achieved.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,5/7/2010,1223,848,16,13,9>It's 6:30pm at WestPack, a convention in Anaheim. I'm being asked by some vendors for a nice place for dinner. I settle on Roy's but these east coast guys want to eat before 8pm. Everything close by is booked (What recession?? Company credit cards rule!!!).  I have 5 minutes to find a 3 $$$ place, more than a mile away, less than 6 miles, no freeways because of rain and traffic and more than 3.5 stars.  Sound impossible?  Did I mention I have an iPhone with the Yelp app?I do a search and Tan Cang comes up. 3 miles away, $$$ and 4 stars. I call the posted number and they say "no waiting". Sweet. Book em, Dano. I'm in. Table for 5.I get there first. It's in a crappy Santa Ana neighborhood. Crappy strip mall location. Crappy white lighting shining thru huge windows with crappy decor. OK....I'm screwed. Too late to change now. "Trust in the Yelp, Luke Skywalker"..... I heard that in my head as I walked in.  Damn, no menu in the window. The place is only half full.I'm the only white guy here...all Asians. Hey, that's ok.  I like to see Hispanics at Mexican food places, too. The rest of my party shows up. I can see their faces in the parking lot.   Not a great first impression either.  The Tsing Tao beers arrive and everybody says they are willing to give it a try since I recommended the place. Pressure...  All of the yelp reviews I scanned spoke of the salt and pepper crab and the lobster. I told the waiter to put together a suitable meal and to verify they took credit cards. The sign in front said "cash only".  No problem, he assured me. I could see the dollar signs in his eyes. He proceeded to bring one of the best meals anyone of us had ever eaten. The tastiest calamari I have ever had. Sweet n sour, not dripping in sauce. Fabulous.  Hot and sour soup. Spicy as hell and full of shrimp nuggets. Perfection. A filet mignon dish with a spicy dipping sauce. That could have been my main course. It was done perfectly with high quality meat and not overly seasoned. OK. Now, a mouse runs over the ankle of my female dining companion and darts away into the corner.  She laughs it off.  We all look at each other nervously and a have nice laugh.  Good thing the food is deep fried, right?On that happy note, out comes the crab. The legs are served steamed, with a soy dipping sauce. The body is chunked, then deep fried. Both are tremendous. We are all stuffed. The food keeps coming, though. Green beans in a rich sauce. Yummy. Sliced pea pods. Not so great. Ok...done, right?  Time to open the belt a notch?  Oh crap. Here comes the lobster.  A giant platter with lobster pieces, chunked, but still in shells served over glass noodles.  Unbelievable.  Tangy, flavorful, wonderfully tasty.The service was impeccable.  They must have changed my plate 12 times.  Each spoonful was placed before us.  They waited on us like we were the President.Fabulous food, fabulous service.  The decor and location are poor.  The mouse did nothing to help either.  I will be back, however.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2009,5/5/2010,302,356,10,16,15>Bf loves Thai and wanted to try a new place, this was purely a Yelp find...you guys steered me right! Food roundup:Beef Jerky: At other places, the meat is more of a rectangular shape, but here it's thin cut. Just like having big hunks of beef jerky fried up with a yummy dipping sauce. I might try the crying tiger next time if I want more of the steak style beef.Pad Thai: Pretty standard here, like Wendy C mentioned, not much chicken or egg in the dish, but there were green onions. It's not usually my fave dish, but it was a little sweeter, so bf gobbled it up.Crispy fried rice: My fave here! This is almost like a crispy rice salad since it doesn't come piping hot. I looove crispy rice and it's delicious here, not burnt and with a garlicky kick. They throw in some type of pork skin and "sour pork" which looks like ham but is only slightly sour, as if it's been kissed with citrus. I really liked this dish, even better than Thai Nakorn's nam sod with crispy rice! Comes with lettuce and cilantro to wrap, nice and refreshing!Lowdown: Total hole in the wall cozy joint (fits right in with all the other mom n pop's in Garden Grove) with delicious, authentic, home style food. The owner who served us was really nice and he said wants to add a few more things to the menu before printing out some takeout menus. You can tell people come here for authentic grub and the prices were fantastic, no more than $7 per dish, we spent $22 on food for the above including a Thai coffee. Nice little find in the land of Vietnamese cuisine, I'll be back!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,5/4/2010,507,564,15,14,14>Where do I start?   Ok, let's start with the food?  Nah, let's just start from the beginning.  Starving to eat ASAP?  Hahahaha well sorry to burst your bubbles but you're not getting seated for another 45min to 1 hour!   Maybe faster if you don't go during peak dinner hours.   Expecting to spend under $30?  Go to El pollo down the street.  I heard their new Sirloin steak is good.Anyways, my friends first took me to this place and they ended up ordering tongue and fresh liver sashimi.  And let me tell you about the fresh liver sashimi.  I'm a daring person who'd eat just about anything.  Very open minded to new and unfamiliar foods.  HOWEVER, even after knowing it's raw liver, I figured it  would be quite similar to cooked liver which I actually don't mind eating.  Ahhhhhh!!!  *spit spit*  WTH!??!  Felt like I was chewing right through my own flesh!   Wow, the texture on that thing was just plain WEIRD.  I don't care how much of that sesame oil you drench on top...I just couldn't swallow it!   I've been there, done it, ok now I'm so over it!   Back to the COOKED food.  Wow, for the price you pay, it's worth every cent.  Quality is awesome!  You know this isn't AYCE joint when they serve this kind of meat!  My favorite was the beef tongue.   I'm like Homer with his duff beer when it comes to eating Tsuruhashi's beef tongue.  Oooooooooh...tongue~
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,5/3/2010,1018,364,17,21,20>Dear Tim and Liza Goodell,Thank you for not losing faith in us OC foodies. I'll be frank, I was momentarily saddened as I stumbled along, sky high platforms, wonderment, and a'gaze all in the company of fellow Yelpers from our afternoon Elite delight down thatta way... stumbling to your front doors and realizing the Red Pearl was no more. I was blue, if only faintly. (I think a small inebriated gasp escaped my lips in the form of a vodka-infused bubble.)However!  As soon as we opened the front door (to what is now 25 Degrees) a delightful aroma filled my nose and caused brain cells to swell with carnivorous pleasure and anticipation. Maybe HB wasn't ready for Red Pearl... or maybe you rethunk your vision (or clientele), I dunnoz. What I DO know is I'm ever thankful that you didn't pack up and leave for good.  Though I will need to plan a weekend getaway to San Diego if I'm to enjoy the delicious dim sum, wok-fired, curry goodness the Red Pearl menu makes happen, I know I needn't stumble far for one of the most delicious burgers I've ever had. The burger I'm referring to is the #3 on your menu. I opted for the turkey version of said burger... and you delivered mouth-watering goodness. I have a major food crush on the #3 now. Just sayin'.  The turkey was prepared to perfection....juicy and tender... and the Mezzo Secco jack (you guys... really! Only cheese people will know off the bat that Mezzo Secco means ABSOULTELY FRIKKIN DIVINE, the rest of us have to look it up to learn that Mezzo Secco is smooth, creamy, artisanal, melts in your mouth HEAVEN), green chiles (oh yeah, you spelled it "chili" on the menu... I don't mean to get all Native on you, but where I come from it's chile with an "e" but that's ok... I forgives)...and let's not forget the chipotle, and avocado.... OMGAHHHHH. So good!!!! Please don't ever leave me. I mean, HB. I don't even live in HB! But I'm just down the way in Costa Most and I promise to visit often.Ps the bacon wrapped dates were yummy, too.  Next time I'm gonna try the sweet potato fries. Or the tempura green and yellow beans. (And by next time, I do mean next weekend.)So glad I stumbled. So glad you're here. Sincerely,Me.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,5/2/2010,237,130,9,12,10>I'm gunna get 90's on ya'll and say this place is the bomb dot com. That's right. I said it. They have a great Happy Hour from 9pm - close. Monday - Thursday they close at 10, so the Happy Hour is really only an hour. However, Fridays they don't close until 2am with the kitchen staying open until ~12am (depending on how busy they are). Sooo...go on Friday :) $5 Well Drinks and 50% off the Bar Menu. The Lemon Salmon Roll was really good...especially considering this isn't even a Japanese joint. The pizza was also super yummy. Oh baby. I'm a wheat-freer 99% of the time...but that night was a 1% moment ;)The service was fantastico. Our bartender/server was excellent. He was very attentive, friendly, and helpful. I wish I could remember his name. It's started with a J...like James or something. Whatever his name is, he gets an A+ for service! :D----update 05/27/2010: Scott's is now open until 2 am (the kitchen until 12am) on Thursday as well.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,5/1/2010,939,379,7,12,9>I went to the Bowers Museum this past Sunday for the 'Secrets of the Silk Road' exhibit. It was $20 for the weekend ticket for this particular exhibition. For me personally, $20 was pricey especially given how small the museum was. Being the bargain shopper that I am I made sure that I went to the museum on the first Sunday of the month. Every first Sunday you can enjoy the museum and its wonders for free thanks to Target. There was of course a line outside of the museum for the Silk Road exhibit. Once you were inside the museum you had to stand in another line to get a ticket to go into the exhibit. Lines are good. Keeps thing organized. But what about that little gap between line 1 and 2? Visitors that were not planning on viewing the exhibit entered the museum freely. Those visitors that walked in to 'see the other exhibits' actually sneaked into the Silk Road line. No one was guarding the line and no would know. I just thought that it was unfair for others and that a better and more organized process could have been implemented. Of course I complained because I was one of the suckers that waited. The Silk Road exhibition consisted of a lot of artifacts including what I thought was the coolest, a gazillion year old wonton. Loved it! There were 2 well preserved mummy displayed. The adult mummy was dressed in silk clothing and was gorgeous. The silk was gorgeous, not the mummy. However, the mummy was gorgeously preserved because you can still see the eye lashes. It just utterly amazes me to see how well everything was so well preserve. From the colors on the silk to the wonton! I love my ancestors. Great exhibit to check out if you're in the area. This is a small museum and I suggest you come when there's free admission.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,6/10/2013,257,97,17,22,17>Welcome to DTF Hopscotch! I been here 3 different occasions. First off, it's only been open about a week or so people... let's try and remember that when reviewing. They will be a little rough on service and I already knew food won't be totally dialed in.. This is why I haven't eaten here yet. This is BETA guys.. I'll give them about a month, then the gloves are off.  But this review won't be including food... only the BAR.Interior/AppearanceIt's a TAVERN.. and Hopscotch committed to this successfully. It's dark, rustic and masculine.  It's not over designed or pretentious. If you look at it from the outside, it's very simple. They try to keep the historic value of the building as well, which was the spot of Pacific Railway Station, built in 1918...(History lesson: CHECK!) Small details like the taxidermy busts in the rafters and the big antique big wheel fit in perfectly.  If LUMBERJACKS ever opened up a bar in the mountains.. this would be it! Plaid covered bar with a rustic counter made up of old  wood barrels.  Even the staff wears plaid here... A nice change from the suited up bars in LA or Hollywood. These are the details that are easy to overlook, but you should appreciate. The dining room downstairs was separated from the bar. I didn't get a chance to check it out. Heads up on the bathrooms.. they have communal sinks outside.. perfect for you singles trying to chat it up with the opposite sex.  Simple quotes about beer and whiskey litter the walls... It's a legit Tavern. Like I said, they committed and did it successfully! Bar/DrinksYes, Whiskey and Craft Beer is their thing. Yes, this is not your typical bar... but don't let that intimidate you. If you've never been here, don't be pressured to getting a whiskey or beer right away. These guys are also mixologists so let them do their thing... Pick up their LIBATION MENU and check out their mixed cocktails. I've had their Moonshine Old Fashion. It's Moonshine with vermouth, some cinnamon and something.. I forget.. but it took over 5 minutes to make this thing. Be patient.. It's like tasting Christmas in a glass. It's not a weak drink whatsoever, so drink with caution. I recommend for sure! Beers: When in doubt, drink local I say! This is where I had my first taste of Fullerton's own Bootlegger's Knuckle Sandwich. I can't believe they had it on tap.  I've been wanting to try this for so long and it was worth the wait. It's fairly easy to drink which is deceiving because it will hit you hard. Full disclosure: 10% ALCOHOL. Therefore the name.. it will knock you out! For a nice strong Belgian beer.. I also like Allagash White... It's pretty popular and the day I was there, they actually ran out.  Hopscotch... don't let this happen again.As for Whiskey.. I got to try a couple but I stayed pretty safe. Chivas and McCallan 12yr... But if you or you know someone who loves SCOTCH WHISKEY... get yo' ass here now! There's no other place like it in OC! Overall.. service was great. They man the bar pretty well. Depending on your drink or cocktail mix, be patient. Especially these next few weeks... they are the current hot spot in DTF and they get busy.  So boys and girls... Rejoice and be happy! DTF has been blessed with a new and glorious establishment. We have yet to see how they do, but I think Hopscotch fits perfectly in DT Fullerton. Standby for my food review next month or so..
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,6/9/2013,643,836,17,19,11>I was torn between awarding 3 or 4 stars, I'll settle on 3.5. Slightly amusing preface: I worked at this theater when it was an Edwards, back in 1997. It was slightly surreal going back today and seeing what had changed, and what was sort of the same. Being the obsessive movie nerd I am, going to this theater opening weekend seemed like a duty of sorts. I went online and got tickets for The Hobbit in HFR (High Frame Rate for non-geeks, means it looks much more "clean", less strobing) 3D.. for a whopping total of $46.50! And, again, studios wonder why so many people (not me) pirate movies. My gf and I arrived somewhat early because I like to walk around and be a nerd about shit. We waited an unnecessarily long time to claim our tickets, but I'm chalking that up to new employees getting used to a new system. Our tickets looked more like paper receipts, and I'm wondering how many people are going to lose it after sidling up to the bar. We wanted to do this place proper so we went to the bar.  I got a white Russian, and my gf got some strawberry martini thing. She said it tasted good, so there's that. My drink was damn tasty. And they ought to be, since her thing was $13, and mine was around the same. So far we're in the hole over $60... and we haven't hit the theater yet. We got inside and took our seats. It's incredibly comfortable. I can't knock anything about the seating. The chairs are ultra plush, and they recline at the touch of a button so far back you could easily go to sleep. Seriously, I'll bet that's going to happen a lot. The middle arm rest can be pushed up to make the whole thing into one big love seat, which we did. There are frosted glass tables that swivel on either side of the chairs. They've also got cup holders built into the armrests, and a small island in between seats for menus and extra storage. Our server came up before the movie and asked what we wanted. Since we had both checked out the menu online, we knew to get the sliders, a burrata cheese & prosciutto pizza, sweet potato fries, a medium diet Coke, and a water. All the food came up within 15 minutes. The sliders were good. I actually wanted the assortment plate of sliders, which comes with ground beef, chicken, veggie, and one other option. I saw on the receipt later they actually gave me the Angus beef sliders. They came with a side of lettuce and pickles, and they also included a really small side of ketchup. Sliders were well cooked, maybe a tad overdone. Bun was kinda tough. Sweet potato fries are waffle fries, cut a little too thin but still really good if you're into sweet potato fries. It seems like most people don't like 'em. Anyway, they've got some other options, too. The buratta cheese & prosciutto pizza was good, not great. Crust was of passable crispiness, but the middle was a little underdone. It needed another 7-10 minutes in the oven. Toppings were delicious and plentiful, though. We were still kinda hungry, so I called up the waiter using the Little Blue Button next to my chair and he came up within a minute to take another order. We got the chicken tenders, which they also serve with a side of ketchup. Kind of an odd choice for that, but alright. They were good, but nothing above what you'd probably buy at any grocery store.Here's where I do have some problems. Have you ever wanted to pay extra to see a movie where waiters are constantly walking up to patrons taking orders, you're listening to people eat, and you're interrupted in some way for the duration of the film? Then come here, because it's practically non-stop. Honestly, once the film started - and the elation of seating my ass in leather and gorging on overpriced food wore off - I realized that I like to watch my movies in a dark, quiet theater where no one walks around and everyone generally shuts up. This is not one of those places. Waiters were walking past my reclined chair so often I finally had to pull my legs up and lower my chair a bit. Since the movie was almost 3 hours the interruptions lessened about an hour in, but it was still extremely annoying.Here's another thing: the 3D. The glasses here are battery-operated, and they work using a sensor that aligns with the screen. Therefore, every single time a waiter would walk past us, it messed up the sensor and our 3D would temporarily get all screwy and stop working. Now I know 3D can do that in general sometimes, but it was still very, very annoying. Key: don't sit somewhere that people are frequently moving past you. This was definitely a unique experience that I had fun with, but at the end of the movie we'd rung up a final tab north of $120. For 2 people. To see a movie. And eat. It's not even close to cheap, but that's if you go all out. I'd do this maybe once or twice a year. It's luxurious, but call me old-fashioned - I just want to sit in a theater and watch a movie.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/8/2013,438,492,24,25,24>Is this really Class 302?  It's just hard to believe I've been here three times and haven't received crappy service like the one in Rowland Heights.  Of course it's still in soft opening phase and haven't had the mad rush like the Rowland Heights location. Regardless, the place still gets packed at night and you may end up waiting about half hour or more to get a table.  The menu is a bit different than the one in Rowland Heights.  I'm not sure about the food but the shaved snow flavor combinations are slightly different.  For example the mango shaved snow here is actually flavored like mango instead of just throwing mangos as a topping.  My favorites are #4 Taro Red Bean shaved snow and #6 Green Tea Red Bean shaved snow.  The Taro Red Bean has milk snow with real taro pieces (not the fake purple color), red bean, mochi rice cake, caramel, and condensed milk.  The Green Tea Red Bean has green tea shaved snow with mochi rice cake, condensed milk, and red bean.  When it comes to green tea snow, no one can beat Class 302, not even my favorite place Blockheads.  The mochi rice cake here is also the best.  Other than Blockheads I don't know any other shaved snow place that carries these.  These are not the tiny sweet mochi pieces; these are big rice cakes that are chewy and stays soft even with the cold snow.  The menu is quite extensive and most of the items are ok.  Only item I can't stand is their stinky tofu.  I just lose my appetite whenever someone orders this.  The place changes from Class 302 to Ass 302 because that's basically what it smells like.  This is how I would rate their menu:Shaved snow - 5 starsFood - 3 starsDrinks - 2 stars (most of the drinks are way too sweet for me)I'm really glad this place opened so close to me.  It's about time Cerritos gets a good shaved snow place.  I've been driving 30 minutes out to Snow Station in Garden Grove to get my shaved snow fix.  Now I only have to drive about 7 minutes.  This place is also open late so it's another plus.  However please note their last call for order is 11:45 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 12:30 a.m. for Friday and Saturday. CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,6/7/2013,1076,324,22,26,23>Have you ever walked into a Mexican restauant and found no Mexicans in there except for maybe the staff?  El Cholo comes to mind.  As a rule of thumb if this ever happens to you, you should get out immediately.  This is true for all ethnic restaurants which is good news for Jang Soo Jang because everyone in the place is Korean- the staff and the people eating there.  This is the first sign you're in for a treat.  Jang Soo Jang is one of the most delectable Korean BBQ restaurants in the area.  What sets this restaurant apart from the others is their fabulous banchan (the sides).  They are seriously  better than other places- again I have to say its just higher quality.  My favorites are the hot peppers, the sweet potatoes, the potato/macaroni salad, and the spicy everything!    The meal I recommend is about $40 for 2 people, but really it feeds 3.     It is not AYCE which could account for why the meat seems to be higher quality.  I don't really require AYCE for my Korean BBQ experience because I usually fill up on the first round anyway, but believe me it's more than enough food and I think even a  person with a large appetite would be totally satisfied afterwards anyway. They refill our banchan dishes as requested, although the last two times I was here I noticed the service was lacking.  It actually made me wonder if maybe since the restaurant isn't AYCE, perhaps they don't typically refill the banchan but feel bad saying no to the tacky American (me) asking for more seaweed.  I don't know, what do you guys think?  In my opinion, banchan should be refillable since they come in those tiny dishes and the AYCE is related to the meat, but maybe I'm wrong...  Either way, if you are in the area I do highly recommend this  spot for a fun and tasty feast you cook yourself.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,6/6/2013,275,175,26,22,22>On the 9th of February in the year 2013, I rediscovered PORK BELLY.  And I don't mean that I haven't had pork belly since I was 10 and an orphan in a former Eastern Bloc country, and my adopted grandma would scrimp and save money from selling homemade quilting to get this one slab of pig once a year for my birthday, then cook me the most amazing pork belly dinner that made all our earthly troubles fade briefly in a haze of epicurean bliss.  No, I eat pork belly more often than my doctor deems reasonable, but it was just a nondescript caloric fuel for my body until this dinner.(So I should mention that the pork belly is on the list of specials, so if you're coming just to get your hands on this, call ahead to make sure it's being served.)The fat was layered thick, but crunchy, airy and light.  The flesh of my particular sacrificial hog was juicy and just the middle layer between each forkful of fat, meat and mashed potatoes.  Comfort food heaven.  To round out the "I Hate Swine Day 2013" we shared a plate of pig ears (my first time) which surprised me by being a real food.  I don't know why I thought raw and pale unprepared ears would show up in front of me, like someone wearing a green industrial rubber glove reached blindly into a barrel of severed pig ears, grabbed a handful and angrily threw them on a plate.  This is literally what goes through my head when I have no experience with something.  The reality is a delicate flower of thinly cut, crispy and fried cartilage that is akin to fried squid but looking like really thin sweet potato fries.  The dipping sauce was a fresh green salsa that lent a fresh citrus taste.  The mouthfeel from the crunchy ear was uplifting.  Get it at least once.Chef John made his rounds just as our entrees were being served.  I would have hugged the man had I not been defending my plate from grabby onlookers with a knife in each hand like Steven Segal in Under Siege.  He came to each table to make sure everything was tasting good and at that moment I wanted him to adopt me.Parking is bad, but it's worth the trouble to make it over here.  You can book reservations through their website and it's recommended as the place is tiny.  In return for all this trouble, you'll be served a high-end meal for the same price as a dinner at El Torito.  Think about that.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,6/5/2013,475,391,27,48,36>"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."  --Chinese ProverbMy journey began last summer when I decided that I wanted to get healthy, lose weight, and improve my health.  I began walking or swimming during the warm evenings, and gradually, I was able to walk much further distances as time went on.  Unfortunately, all this walking and exercising led to a lot of lower back pain and pretty soon, I couldn't walk more than once a week without "paying for it" the rest of the week with a lot of stiffness and soreness.  I found Dr. Chen here on Yelp.  On my first visit, I noticed that his office was comfortable and calming.  His office staff are always polite and sweet.  Dr. Chen himself is a fun, professional, and very capable Chiropractor.  He takes a lot of time on the initial visit to do a comprehensive analysis of your spine, and gives you the results of his assessment on a CD on your next visit.  I have been seeing him for  a few months now.  He is always thorough, and clearly explains how all his treatments are helping.  My back is extremely improved, thanks to Dr. Chen's expert adjustments and stretches.  His work has allowed me to continue my walks and work-outs.  I can honestly say that I haven't been this "ache and pain" free in more time that I can remember!  I can't recommend Compassion Chiropractic enough.  It is a rare thing to find a doctor who is both capable and personable, and you can find that with Dr. Chen!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,6/4/2013,339,104,17,21,19>Reservations for 4. One of the four being the birthday boy! Just turned 18 he did. So why not stuff his face with 16 different cuts of meat?!First off, don't dress so casually like your street wear. This is a nicer restaurant despite the BBQ nature of the cuisine. Understandably we were seated towards the back of the restaurant where it wasn't as bright as the other areas hahaha no offense taken, just a funny story to tell.Anyway, we were promptly seated and then greeted by our waiter, Jorge from Brazil. We opted for the all you can eat for 4. Jorge guided the first-timers through the process and what deliciousness was about to happen. Let's get this out of the way, that pan con queso (bread with warm, gooey cheese inside) is addictive. Just be careful when it is placed near you... I had issues with stopping from putting these in my mouth. It was counter-productive for me. So much bread and cheese that will expand and take up valuable stomach space for the eventual MEATS.And the banana they give you as a palate cleanser is pretty good on its own. But yes, a great palate cleanser in between your cuts of meats. Again, be careful of those wonderful, addictive breads with cheese inside.First, we each got a plate for the salad bar. This salad is by no means wimpy. Both hot foods and salads were there for the picking.Hot foods: black bean stew (fejioada), clams with olive oil and white wine, chicken stroganoff, garlic rice, salmon, mussels, sautéed collard greens and mashed potatoes. Salad bar: caesar salad, mixed greens, roasted beets, eggplant salad, gravlax, artichokes, ricotta, hearts of palm, asparagus, shrimp cocktail, pickled shitake, yellow and red endive, potato salad, sun-dried tomatoes, sliced tomatoes with fresh mozzarella, tabouleh, steamed broccoli, marinated yellow and red bell peppers, seasoned cucumbers, pickled onions, and a selection of cold cuts and fine cheeses.All of this before the gaúchos even come by!16 different cuts of meat! I can't remember them all but here are some I got from the website's menu:Filé com bacon - Filet wrapped in baconAlcatra - Succulent and tender cut from the top sirloinMaminha - Tri-tip steak roasted to succulent tendernessCostela de Carnerio - Flavorful lamb chopsLombo de Porco - Seasoned pork loinFilé - Filet mignon cut from the tenderloinPicanha - Traditional Brazilian cut of sirloinLinguiça - Delectably seasoned pork sausagesCoraçáo - Delicate chicken heartsLombo de Porco com Queijo - Roasted pork loinFrango - Marinated chicken legsand a bunch more I couldn't rememberMy personal favorites are the chicken hearts, lamp chops, Picanha and the chicken wrapped in bacon.The gaúchos themselves are quick and accommodating. They'll give you a thicker cut or a rarer section of what they're carrying around upon request. Some even joke around with us. Really good vibes from them overall. The trick then is to restrain yourself from trying all of the cuts and just picking the ones you like because you don't want to feel stuffed and sluggish afterwards. This is, after all, just cuts of MEAT... with very little greens in between. I had a fun experience. Waiters always made sure our glass of waters were full, we were always offered brand new plates and Jorge frequently checked up on us for requested meats and used his cool crumber to clean off our table.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/3/2013,939,84,24,30,27>My buddy told me to stop by and check this place out after work and I am so glad he did! I really love this place! It has a great feel to it. It is very nicely decorated and they play great music that is very relaxing. They have many wines available and great beers on tap for all. The first night I was there, I have been there 3x to date, we tried nearly everything on the menu. I liked everything and went back to try nearly everything else. They have only been open for a couple of weeks I believe and I think they will do well. Tina and Ann are very knowledgeable and hospitable; really caring about your overall experience.  I was able to speak with them about the concept and menu in depth and enjoyed the conversation greatly. A few items: pork belly and arugula salad=mucho bueno, but come on, you had me at pork bellyBacon wrapped dates= mucho bueno...something wrapped in a pork product served with good cheese...nothing else to say about that Filet beef skewers= mucho bueno! mac and cheese= mucho bueno.....I love mac and cheese, add bacon extra buenoHave had a few of the beers on tap and Pinot that were all excellent. Prices and service are great!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/2/2013,826,477,25,22,17>What a difference from 2008! After reading my previous review, i felt like smacking my own head upside down. It's funny how life turns out and suddenly, the urge to splurge is met with "responsibilities" and "obligation." People do grow up and change...sometimes, the current financial situation is the contributor to a more frugal lifestyle. How boring! How grown up! BUT when your friend raves about a particular hot chocolate that is not your typical hot chocolate but the most decadent and marvelous cup to mouth experience....you have to turn the couch upside down and find yourself $15 + tax worth of change to purchase a cup of unreal hot chocolate from Napa Rose. That's what we did one dark, cold night.  We settled inside the lounge of Napa Rose, right by the fire place. We ordered ONE hot chocolate to split between my husband and I. I figured, a $15 cup of hot chocolate is going to be big enough for the two of us.BOY was I wrong (and right at the same time). The cup is small. In fact, you will probably frown and make squinty eyes as to why you are paying so much for a small espresso-sized cup of hot chocolate. The you realize, there are freshly made donuts (small, of course) and a pretty smear of gold dust on the plate. The hot chocolate is topped with chopped hazelnuts and creme...but you still might not get it. Well, if you are cheap like me, you definitely WON'T get it in the beginning. Then, you take a big whiff. It smells like an array of chocolates swirling around with the dollop of creme. The warmth from the cup cuddles the nose and invites the lips to take a kiss. WAIT...don't sip hard. Don't take a big gulp. Take your time because what you are about to experience is unholy. i placed the cup on my Ruby Woo stained lips and took a small taste. To my surprise, it was not the watered down version of Disney's hot chocolate. It was real chocolate melted together with NO water, NO milk (aside from a touch of creme). It was like drinking Rocher chocolate in liquid form. One sip probably exceeds a year's worth of Weight Watcher's points!!! This is definitely the type of treat you treat yourself with when you absolutely deserve it. You may think you deserve it daily, but not me. I didn't deserve it. I don't ever want to deserve it again. Why, you ask? Because it was sinful and overkill for my taste buds. I was seriously battling the demons that night and chocolate prevailed. Don't get me wrong, it's delicious. It's insanely delicious. But not for the faint of heart. Not for the weak. But go try it and enjoy the sip/s. Don't have an entire cup of it though. You may walk out a diabetic. Also, the donuts are pretty amazing...but coupled together...death! I want it now. I am weak.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,6/1/2013,354,71,23,29,23>I love to go here except the place is a miss or hit depending on the the day.Came here for the first time a couple months back for a first date.  VALET only. WE started our way towards the bar as we were waiting for our table.  Absolutely loved the romantic ambiance and view. OMG the VIEW was quite spectacular!  Definitely something you don't get to see everyday.  The bartender was very attentive, took our orders right away..and came out with freshly cooked potato chips which were simply amazing!  We were seated for dinner at a small corner, still with a view overlooking the city. I order the Chilean Sea Bass while my date ordered the chicken.  Both were delicious and flavorful! Definitely had a good experience.The second time we came here was for their Valentine's Day special, which was I believe over $80 a person.  The service was under par in comparison to our first experience there. The waiter never brought out our champagne and service was quite slow, even towards the end of the evening.  Our entree meals were great.  And when it came to dessert, their chocolate cake option was out! I was highly dissatisfied with the special for the evening, especially since my date had spent so much money for just that one evening.If we come back, I would opt for a regular dinner without any evening specials since our experience was not so great.I would highly recommend this place to any man who is looking to impress his date! You already are at an advantage with this romantic location and view!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,5/24/2014,539,408,11,15,14>I'm a fan!! I've been to Sue Ann's twice now, once for dinner and once for brunch. The first time, I came with my mom and we ordered WAY too much food. It was too delicious, it was hard not to over stuff ourselves. We had the chicken salad popover things (can't remember the name) as an appetizer, mom ordered the pork chop and I had the sandwich board. We were both really impressed with the quality of the food, it reminds me of a restaurant in SF. The sandwich board especially was outstanding. I loved being able to sample different things in one dinner. The Monte Cristo especially, is far better than the one at Disneyland. My second visit, for brunch was also exceptional. We started with the donut holes, which you could easily overdose on! They are so dense and full of flavor! The reminded me of beignets! I ordered the lobster scramble, hash browns and scones. I definitely liked the scramble, but I'd try something else next time. Oddly enough, the stars of my plates were the scones. I've been on a scone kick lately and these satisfied my craving. They are crispy and sweet on the outside, but super fluffy and flaky on the inside. So good!I'm really sad that people haven't been giving Sue Ann's the best reviews. I think their location is a little odd, but I've been to weirder places for great restaurants. The food is really excellent, sure it's above average for Placentia, but that's what we need!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/23/2014,488,258,21,28,28>Aaaannndddd continuing my streak of great experiences.. here's the write up on the Donuttery.With two roommates who are vegan, and with me reluctantly admitting that's where I'd like to be too, I began my hunt for vegan donuts, once a donut craving struck. Enter the Donuttery.  Open 24 hours a day, 6 days out of the week, with fresh donuts being pumped out pretty late in the evening, I was pretty excited. The aroma was tantalizing when I walked in, and the cases full of a variety of dunuts, cronuts, bagels,  and croissants looked ahhhhmazing.I decided that I needed a dozen vegan donuts, and the very nice young lady behind the counter tells me that if I can wait 10 minutes, they'll have a fresh batch up for me. Of course I waited!Better than that, the dozen included one more for free, aka the baker's dozen, bless their hearts. I tried yhe non vegan blueberry donut with vanilla icing, so damn good.The vegan ones are just as good as the regular ones, scrumptious and wondrrful, I highly recommend the strawberry donut.They appear to offrr a number of breakfast and lunch sammiches too, but I will most definitely need to return for those - and more donuts!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,5/22/2014,587,527,17,21,19>This place is a hidden gem in Westminster!And its not too busy either. Employee's are extremely nice and gave us time to look over their menu of drinks.They have everything from coffee, juice, smoothies and ice teas. I highly recommend the Jokers Tea- Jack fruit ice tea with lots of pieces of jack fruit. With each order you get a choice of 2 add on's. Decided on the grass jelly.  And the best thing ever was the free mini sandwich you get with each order! Score! Minh said the sandwich was tasty!The ice tea was the best thing ever! Slightly sweet with huge chucks of jack fruit mixed in. Only beef I had is they shouldn't have put so much ice in a medium sized glass. As i'm typing this review i am craving a drink from this place!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,5/21/2014,696,746,41,45,39>Yes, M & M's blueberry donuts are the BOMB. What separates them from the other places is that they make these donuts to order so you will always get hot, fresh out of the fryer blueberry donuts. So to truly appreciate these donuts, you gotta eat them while they're still hot and fresh, duh!The downside is the wait. During the week, it's gonna be an hour wait - although I once got lucky and got my order in about 30 minutes. The limit is 2 dozen blueberries and I wouldn't really get any other donuts because they're not made to order like the blueberries. I've heard on the weekends it could take 2-3 hours to get your donuts but I would never consider coming here during the weekend because... that's just ridiculous!Bring a jacket because the wait will be long and it will most likely be night time. Maybe bring a book. Maybe bring your homework. Most people seem to bring their e-cigs, puffin' away as they wait.I like to place my order, then walk over to Food 4 Less in the same plaza and get me some milk. After waiting patiently and receiving the donuts, go open the box on top of your trunk and start consuming the donuts along with your milk in the sight of those waiting for their donuts. Yes, rub it in and torture them, while you intermittently look up to acknowledge them and observe their jealous glares.I don't know if I'll ever go back there because of the long wait times, but I am gonna give credit where credit is due because their blueberry donuts are just that good!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/20/2014,99,271,22,23,21>***GOBBLE GOBBLE***You didn't think Taiwanese people were turkey eaters did you?  Well the Chiayi region of Taiwan do.  Not like I personally know, but I had a nice chat with the waitress and they were happy to edumacate me.   With that being said, I want to get straight to the point: Good Food, Good Service, Good Prices are Good eats in my book.  5 Stars!Just newly opened in November, we had to try this authentic looking Taiwanese food.  not like I care since I get free food. ( Jk lover! )  Ordered-Fried Shrimp Cake 4.0 stars!-Chiayi Turkey Rice 4.5 stars!-Fried Pork Chop rice 4.0 stars!-Mochi Waffles w Matcha and house made red bean 4.0 StarsEverything was delish with high ranks across the board..  They serve you huge portions and not only that, but our lunch entree's came with free GT or BT.  Usually you think a free drink is watered down and not that great.  But these GT packed a punch and is definitely not watered down.  Fried shrimp cake n Fried pork chop were nicely fried.  Not too oily, but crispy enough w the right amount of batter that doesn't hide the pork.  At the end of our meal we each took home a to-go box, it was that much.  Also, we had to save room for the dessert!  Made fresh to order of course; we let the waitress know ahead of time when we wanted it. A different type of waffles that I've never tried before, the mochi waffles were stretchy with the light crispyness that comes from waffles.  The entire plate was dusted w matcha, DELISH!  The house made red bean underneath the ice cream was also stupendous.  There was no canned items on this plate, all freshly made. The thing that made this restaurant a 5 star was the awesome service.  After ordering our food and looking around the restaurant, I saw a couple of bags that has the Taiwanese flag on it.  I asked a waitress what it was and she immediately explained and asked if I wanted one.  In Taiwan kids use book bags but these were like a purse or change bag.Will I come here again?  You bet your momma's sweet ass I will be.  Bombass food, service and prices, I'd be crazy not to.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/19/2014,438,492,32,37,38>This is the most exciting restaurant to come into Cerritos/Artesia area, more so than Gen BBQ, 85C, Class 302, and few other restaurants that recently opened up in this area.  Cerritos is really boring when it comes to restaurants but this place really spices things up with its unique mix of Korean fusion wings, sliders, and other street comfort foods.  The concept and the vibe kind of reminds me of Seoul Sausage in Westwood, and that's saying a lot because I love Seoul Sausage.  In fact, the boneless chicken wings and poutine remind me of KFC and Galbi Poutine at Seoul Sausage, except the poutine here uses oxtail.I've seen this food truck at Babies R Us parking lot during food truck events but I never bothered to try it.  It didn't look too appealing as a food truck for some reason.  Once I saw it open up a brick and mortar location, it peaked my interest.  Because most of the items are fried I was only going to try it once but I got hooked after my first visit and ended up coming back almost every other day.On my first visit I got the Shaved Brisket Springroll and House Picked Veg.  Pan seared brisket, along with pickled red onion, garlic, radish, and sesame slaw are wrapped in a roll and served with puffy rice chip and some sort of miso chili sauce.  Brisket was tender and the chili sauce added great spicy flavor to overall dish.  The sauce had a subtle Korean flavor without going too crazy with sesame oil and gochujang (Korean chili paste).  The Pickled Veg is kind of like getting moo (pickled radish) at Korean friend chicken places but this has lot more ingredients like carrot, cucumber, mushroom, shallot, garlic cloves, chili, and cilantro.  It's too vinegary by itself but is quite refreshing when you eat it with fried food.  It helps wash down the grease.I got Zombie Wings on my second visit.  This is simply fantastic. It's coated with habanero sauce but isn't painfully spicy. There's enough heat without sacrificing flavor.  It's smoky, tangy, and spicy.  It came with miso citrus slaw, which is included with all wing orders.  Even the slaw is really tasty.  The dressing kind of tasted like a mixture of goma (sesame) sauce mixed with ponzu sauce.     I also got the 51/50 Slider which is very similar to what Slater's 50/50 does with its burgers.  The patty is made with half ground bacon and half ground beef, and served with cheddar cheese, pan charred tomato, lettuce, fried shallot, and some sort of Korean chili aioli sauce.  This is a very flavorful slider.  My wife tried my leftover the next day and said it was still really good.On my third visit I ordered Soy Caramel Chicken rice bowl and a small order of Sriracha Lime wings.  Since the rice bowl came with a side of Sriracha lime sauce, this turned out to be good combination.  I actually threw in some of the Sriracha Lime wings into the rice bowl and they tasted great together.  Sriracha Lime wings taste exactly like it sounds.  The Soy Caramel Chicken bowl is quite an interesting twist to the traditional chicken teriyaki bowl.  It tastes similar but there's little extra sweetness coming from the soy caramel mixture.  It's a bummer rice bowls are only available during lunch.  All rice bowls come with jasmine rice, fried egg, sesame seeds, green onions, cilantro and a side of Sriracha Lime sauce.All wings can be ordered bone-in or boneless.  Prices range from $8-$21 depending on how many pieces you get.  Boneless comes in 8, 16, or 24 pieces, and bone-in comes in 6, 12, and 18 pieces.  You get more pieces with boneless but they are smaller pieces.  They have decent beer selection, including about 8 different types of craft beer, as well as few domestic and import.  There are two flatscreen TVs so you can kick it here with some wings and beer, and watch some sports.   Word is definitely spreading about this place because it's been pretty packed whenever I came here.  To avoid the crowd I've only ordered my food to go but I plan to dine here one of these days.  The wings can get soggy in a takeout box.  Everyone working here seems pretty enthusiastic and seem to love what they do.  Even though I haven't dined in, I always saw someone walking around the tables and asking people how they are doing.  It's so refreshing to see a place like this in Cerritos.  I want to try every single item on the menu because they all sound great.  I just have to pace myself so I don't gain 20 pounds in a month.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,5/18/2014,385,312,33,32,32>Hello. I'm O.L.A.F (one lovable awesome fella).  "I like warm hugs" and good food too.  "I like to close my eyes and imagine what it'll be like when summer does come." I escaped Arendelle and entered Ayres' gates to try out Fusion Bites in the nice summer breeze. JoAnn (a wannabe Anna) and I made our own rendition of "For The First Time in Forever" to commemorate our experience. Fusion Bites is open, how I adoreWe were so excited to enter the doorExit off the 405 and get ready to meet your dates!For years Fountain Valley was a crawlNow it's standing stronger and tallOh what a lovely elegant traitThere's a trendy chic like ambianceWe can surely use a changeBoy are we so excited for this change'Cause for the first time in this cityWe'll see traffic, we'll see sightsFor the first time in this cityWe'll be eating at Fusion BitesChef Rosa Tong-Heidler is the Head ChefShe has totally out shown'Cause for the first time in this citySee her in the zoneTonight we have some french fries y'allYelp check in offers are always a ballParmesan garlic herb house aioli was an aceOoh!  The CURRY STEAMED MUSSELS ($13) were quite rareAn amazing sauce that you should shareI needed more crostinis to stuff my faceSEA URCHIN PASTA  ($15) was the starSadly the portion was small Creamy uni sauce with masago and noriFor the first time in this city"There'll be magic, there'll be fun"For the first time in this cityThere'll be lounging in the Ayres Hotel sunPANNA COTTA was refreshing and lightI'm glad we took a chanceBut for the first time in this cityI wanted to do a danceSERVICE was great, over zealous gleeAttentive and personable as can beCasual, Trendy, so you knowBut not kid friendly so everyone will knowWhy don't you try it tomorrow?Or better yet today-ay'Cause for the first time in this cityFor the first time in this cityWe are on our way!!!p.s. Go rent Disney's Frozen if you are totally lost right now!  Enjoy.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/17/2014,2601,1009,17,28,21>Wow what a delight! Friendly donuts lives up to it's name! The owner was extra friendly upon arrival. Very helpful. He said that this place has been open for 30 years now. It looks like his son has been helping update this menu. Great work. The cronuts, ube donuts, novelty cereal ones..they are doing a fine job. Very impressed. We came here for the ube donuts. It's purple on the inside! You can't really taste the ube but the texture is on point. We also got the cookie butter cronut and the bacon, ham and cheese crossiant. Both were simply amazing. Bacon really does make everything better. I would definitely come back and glad to see an old store try new things. Recommendation: Ube donuts , bacon ham and cheese crossiants, cookie butter cronuts
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/16/2014,526,250,25,31,28>Mind. Blown. I came here during restaurant week. Their dinner was only $20!!! I hate to admit that I would have actually paid more for all of the food I had. I practically had to roll myself out of there I was so full. We had a reservation for Saturday at 6:30pm and were seated right away. Some people came in without reservations and were quoted a 25 minute wait. There were a few empty tables waiting for large parties. Because it was a Saturday, they had happy hour until 7pm (bar only). We had a couple mojitos for $6 and they were blended deliciousness! The bartender was quick and attentive.I have absolutely no complaints about the food. Everything was hot and full of flavor. Chicken Tortilla Soup: Thick consistency with a lot of shredded chicken throughout. Wood-Oven Carnitas: This dish came out super hot in a cast iron pan. The carnitas were so juicy and they sat over onions which created a sauce that almost tasted like french onion soup. This was served with traditional Mexican rice and black beans, and 3 soft flour tortillas.Flan: Baked with fresh vanilla bean and served with sugar cookies. It comes topped with a little dollop of whipped cream. The consistency was smooth and it was just the right amount of sweet.Tres Leches Cake: I liked this a little more than the flan. It was really sweet and so soft, accompanied by a fruit salsa. The coconut flavor really came through.The ambiance is a bit dark but contemporary and definitely lively. It is soooo loud. I couldn't hear 1/3 of the things my friend was saying from across the booth. Our waiter was really nice and helpful. He checked up on us a lot and brought out more chips and salsa without us having to ask. The red and green homemade salsas were amazing, btw. He seemed to always be there at just the right moment. I feel bad I don't remember his name. There are specials almost every day of the week, so choose wisely. But do try this if you're in the mood for an upscale Latin/Mexican restaurant!Happy Hour Sunday through Thursday all day and night, Friday and Saturday 11:30am - 7:00pm. Tacos and Tequila Tuesday: Half off all tacos and tequila. Enchilada and Wine Wednesday: Half off all enchiladas and wine.Check the website for the other specials.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/15/2014,786,184,22,27,23>Holy moly, this place is awesome! Their menu seems like a great blend of nostalgia mixed with fresh, innovative takes on food. Looking forward to returning and trying everything they have to offer. Stopped in on the Grand Opening day 4/19 to see how the place shaped up. Right away you can tell as you walk in that this is not just a hamburger place, but something truly different. A full wall is painted with colorful creatures and amazing scenery lets you know right away that there was some thought in the interior of this cafe. Nice and clean this is no run of the mill diner.Tried the tater tots and loved them, who is serving tots now-a-days?? No one but these guys as I know it. Love 'em crispy and that's just how they came. Went on to try a pastrami egg roll. That's right, a PASTRAMI egg roll, basically pastrami and pickle rolled and fried served with some mustard sauce. I know, sounds so strange but I thought it was pretty damn great. Friend of mine had the French Toast dips served with syrup and topped with powdered sugar, these things are KILLER. Before or after your meal, you gonna have to try them. At the end of our little adventure we had a chance to try some mini chicken nuggets with a variety of sauces. They have a sweet chili, hot and then a bbq. I will tell you now, that hot sauce left an impression on me. Well balanced, hot wing vinegar-y and heat just demands respect in your mouth. Really cool sensation, would want to try them with my tots next time (Yes, I am bringing up the tots again)Serving fresh cookies, single serving cake, Fosselman Ice cream along with a Coke Freestyle machine?? I may never leave. Looking forward to coming back
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2009,11/13/2009,115,175,15,16,17>I write this as I snack on some Twiglets.  The second I saw them in the crisps section, The British Food Shop won me over.  For those that don't know, I am a HUGE Anglophile.  I studied for a year in England and ever since then have been deeply and madly in love with everything about England and the UK.  Especially their snack foods.  Say what you will about English food (though I've never found English food to be bland at all), they know how to make fantastic, addicting snacks and frozen meals miles above what we have here.  And in this little shop, I found many of the snacks I know and love and have missed dearly.I normally buy my British foods in this little tiny fish and chip shop in Costa Mesa where they have a few shelves of products as well.  But the selection was always so small.  So I took to Yelp to look for a bigger British grocer.  I found one in San Juan Capistrano but you can imagine my disappointment when I arrived to find it closed for good.  It took me a while to find the British Food Shop because it's also called The African Hut.  It's the same store.  This shop is a decent size for what it is.  I was a little worried about the  stale smell of the place but I think that just comes along with the territory of a small shop with products that probably doesn't move as quickly as a normal supermarket.  I came in looking for my chocolate digestive biscuits.  I found them and even found stuff I'd forgotten about.  And yes... it's expensive.  It's imported, not to mention if you bought it in the UK and then did the conversion rate on it then... well... you get what I mean.  It'd be expensive anyway.  The loot:Jaffa cakesChocolate digestive biscuits (dark and milk chocolate)Walker Sensations Crisps in Thai Sweet Chili and Roast ChickenRibena Blackcurrant concentrateAeroTWIGLETSDouble Devon Clotted CreamI am a happy happy girl.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,11/12/2009,225,280,12,11,10>On a scale of one to Kaisen KaiTEN, this place gets an eleven. But, I bet you Kaisen KaiELEVEN is too much of a mouthful. Like the title implies in Japanese, Kaisen Kaiten is a conveyor belt sushi joint. The idea is kind of like how cars are produced, only instead of cars, sushi chefs assemble sushi that gets placed on a moving belt straight for your tummy. Not literally, of course. (But how awesome would that be?)If it could be arranged, I'd just like to sit at the end of the belt and have all the plates dumped into my mouth. Specifically the salmon, tuna, anything wrapped with rice paper and the seared white fish with the raw onions. This could be problematic as I could probably die from some sort of ceramic plate poisoning. They also wouldn't be able to charge me anything because I've eaten, my plates -- the one thing they use to base payment.Plates here (and as with most Kaiten places) are color coded to a specific price. A lot of sushi dishes come in my favorite colors $1.25 and $1.75.This place is kind of small, so be forewarned -- you may have to wait. Luckily, you can also phone ahead for a table reservation!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,11/11/2009,549,250,16,20,19>"Good, Fast or Well-priced. ... Pick two"This is my standard question when people ask me for suggestions regarding where to get custom work done.  Be it automotive, custom computing or photography, because 99% of the time, a shop can either be:Good and Fast, but not cheap.  Cheap and fast, but not good.  or if you want some custom work done well for a low-price, you'd better be willing to wait.This is not the case at Fotoworks.The custom print I ordered of my panoramic photo came out to be 11" by 55" it is by no means "standard", but the folks at Fotoworks did an incredible job all around.Service was excellent, my print was VERY well packaged and prepared for my approval and the price was better than any other custom printing shop I contacted.  The majority of my photography consists of custom-sized panoramics, so I am VERY VERY glad that I found Fotoworks.Thank you for the great work.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,11/10/2009,855,578,9,15,14>Wow... it's really true what everyone's saying about The Veggie Grill.  I had the Santa Fe Crispy "Chicken" sandwich w/ sweet potato fries. I love, love the chipotle ranch sauce for the fries. So good. The house salsa had a nice kick to it. I poured a little over my sandwich for each bite. The fries were great - sweet potato fries are great from anywhere really. The sauce is what makes Veggie Grill stand apart from the other sweet potato fries (i.e., The Counter, Rudy's Pub & Grill). I can't believe the fake chicken tasted SO real! I kept waiting for the inevitable after-taste of soy or tofu but it never happened. Amazing... Vegetarian food is a bit pricey... my total was $14.17 for the sandwich, fries (extra $2.25 to substitute in lieu of side salad) and an iced tea. But I'll happily be back. It was delish!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,11/9/2009,1223,848,9,11,10>Where the heck is Turkey?  Why do I want to eat their food?  It's not Thanksgiving yet!!My search for the best greek food in the OC continues.  Both Mary R. and Laura S., however, let me know that excellent greek food need not only come from a greek restaurant.Nestled in a complete dive of a strip mall in the Fountain Valley/Santa Ana area lies Spinner's.  I don't know why that call it that when the enormous sign out front just says "Turkish Kebabs".  The place is large, bright, spotless and uncrowded.  They opened in January, says Rafa, the owner.  He could tell I was a novice at this type of food and helped me put a plate together.  He says it is mostly Turks who eat there and come for the buffet dinners at night during Ramadan.It all looked greek to me...literally.  It was like your basic greek food with hummus, pita, gyro type meat on the rotating spit.  I started with some complementary appetizer plates.  He gave me a tabouli salad (parsley, cracked wheat, lemon) on pita, plus a side of some type of red tomato salsa.  Delicious.  The main course was lamb kebab meat on rice with a side of hummus, pita and salad.  The lamb was tender and flavorful...very fresh and tasty.  The pita, while I prefer a little thicker, was moist and toasted well.  The rice was deliciously moist and the hummus was just wonderful, very tasty.  Throw in a Diet Coke and I was out out there for $11.This is really a great find.  I felt welcome, the food was delicious and another bookmark was wiped off of my list.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2009,11/7/2009,374,491,6,10,9>Alright who here has had Sri Lankan food? Unless your from there, not many. Was so excited about trying his place, I love culinary adventures. Now that M.I.A. announced she'll be in Coachella, I figured eatting her motherland food would be a great tribute. I had the buffet so I could try as much as possible, the employees were so nice, in fact the hostess showed us how to eat the food. Starts with the string hopper, then to the condiments, one was a great onion concoction, then to a chili/ dried fish mixture, then to a coconut mixture. Now we go to the meats, everything was curry, chicken, mutton, fish, & potato. So the hostess advised me to put all these items over the string hoppers, (they were noodle patties). Then I take a seat and these crepish,pitaish bowls come out in a basket, one had a fried egg in the middle, they were called hoppers as well. Now we use these carb bowls as our base. Now we eat, the fish was pretty spicy, good thing I love spicy, the mutton was a little gamey for my taste, the potato & chicken was good. The star was the hopper with an egg, was so great. Then I head back to try the dessert, it tasted like a flan, however made with burned brown sugar, I liked it. This place was fun and I highly recommend it if you are a true foodie.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,11/5/2009,623,606,11,13,12>As fancy and cool looking as the touch-screen karaoke function is, the best way to go is the old-fashioned book & remote tradition.  I am convinced that the touch-screen is both amazing and evil and I am scared of technology so I will stand by the book & remote (a lot more songs in the book too).  As David mentioned in his review, make sure you reserve the room for the whole time that you are going to be there - otherwise, be prepared to transfer rooms when the party who booked the large room after you shows up.We were loud, we were obnoxious, we were obviously very thirsty.  All I remember is bottles and pitchers of beer - almost endless supply!  If this place had more drink options, I'd be much happier.  If you are going to charge $15/pitcher, I would expect more than 2 beers on draft.  But I can't complain because there are a lot of bottled beers (Stella, Hite, etc.) and staff were WAY accomodating when we asked for 30+ chilled beer mugs.The $50/large room may seem small (especially compared to the $70 party room) but David and friends found creative ways to squeeze in (climbing into the nooks, doubling up on the couches, or taking the party outside the room into the lobby and being REALLY loud there - by the way, staff was SO POLITE and never yelled at us or showed us any disrespect when we were obviously one HUGE MESS).Another great experience which led to a fun, buzzed dinner at BCD. This place is definitely growing on me.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,11/4/2009,1444,1073,6,16,13>It's true what they say: make sure you can trust that gal that's making you beautiful.  Trusting someone to wax me goes hand in hand with trusting someone to do my hair so I did my research and found Sameera.I'm still a newbie when it comes to waxing.  I've had my fair share of horror stories and I told myself I would never do it again so instead I was using bleach, hair removing gels, and everything else I could find at Wal-Mart until finally I decided I just didn't have the time anymore.Thanks to a hairy ancestry, I gave Sameera plenty to work with.  I booked in advance and learned I had a huge time slot all to myself.  This, she told me, was for her newbies.  Folks, if you tell her you're new she will give you all the time in the world to recover from the wax, let you breath, hold your hand, encourage you to relax, and only continue when you're ready which made my waxing experience much more enjoyable and pleasurable.  Not only that, but she showed me how to stretch the skin and flex so that she could appropriately target the hair and cause minimal pain.  With each section, she also told me how much more was left, what parts were more sensitive, and in between those parts she worked on less sensitive areas so that it wouldn't hurt as much.Throughout the process, Sameera kept the experience light and casual.  We joked and laughed and before I knew it we were all done.  I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't traumatized and that I would actually consider getting waxed again.  My days of horror with waxing are officially over.A few things to note before your appointment:-Don't moisturize (if you do, the wax won't stick to your skin)-Wear something comfortable (if you wear something tight, you will irritate your skin)-Don't wear fancy underwear (wax remnants or the cleaning solution might get on it)-Take some Advil (this is optional but it might help with the pain.  Sameera was so gentle; I probably could have skipped this step)A few things to note:-Sanitation (Sameera does not double dip - she uses a new dip stick and cloth each time)-The table is wiped down and you get a new cloth-She wears gloves-The wax is oil soluble (if you have remnants, you can get them off with vegetable oil, baby oil, or any kind of oil.  Soap and water won't work)-The area is treated immediately with a lavender and chamomile spray that instantly soothes the skin and later treated with aloe vera.  My pain was instantly gone.Other than that, Sameera is very patient.  She's had an extensive history with salon services so you know what she's talking about as she educates you during your services.  The work is professional and she leaves no stray hair behind.This must be a new location because the only identifier is a yellow sign that reads "eyebrow threading" but don't be fooled by that.  This is a full service salon that actually offers eyebrow threading for free to newcomers but also does bridal makeup, nail care, waxing, facials, bleach, and hair care.  It's at the corner of Chapman and State College near the Smart and Final and Office Depot.I will definitely be back.  In fact, I've already booked my next appointment.  Sameera is my wax gal for life.  And did I mention she has great prices?  In the $30-$40 range for large waxing areas and under $10 for smaller areas.  You will only pay $100 if you're getting bridal work done but even that's a steal. In this economy, it's hard to find professional quality work at this great of a price so woohoo! It really is as good as it gets.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,11/3/2009,309,307,13,20,20>Because I had such a fun time at Zimzala at a prior yelp event I decided to come back for dinner.  yelp.com/biz/red-yelp-an… Zimzala is a swanky Mediterranean restaurant in the Shorebreak Hotel. I was quite impressed with the hotel, especially the lounge fire pit area. It's a great place for a either a aperitif or digestif with company. The restaurant itself is quite inviting and trendy. My friend and I both started with a drink. She ordered the rosemary martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. I was "coerced" into ordering the Impeared martini which consisted of muddled pear, pear infused vodka, and sage. Oooh to hell with it... I was excited for it! This pear concoction was the second best martini I've ever had. First being Carlitos Way at Spago's. Both of which containing one similar ingredient... a floating leaf of Sage. The sage adds a little floral earthy tone to the drink which is subtle but is very nice. For dinner we ordered: Portuguese Crab cakes - Very bountiful in flavor and crab. In fact, outside of seasonings, they were all crab with no bread filler. Very tasty with the accompaniment of wilted spinach and roasted red pepper sauce. Might just be the best I've ever had.... North African vegetable tagine - A Tagine is a heavy clay pot consisting of two parts; a base unit which is flat and circular with low sides, and a large cone or dome-shaped cover that rests inside the base during cooking. The dome shape of the cover allows for condensation to return to the bottom which keeps everything moist. The vegetables consisted of onions, tomatoes, carrots, turnips, squash, chickpeas, and raisins all served over couscous. This dish was the most ethnic item we ordered and was very good. It was spiced with curry which balanced well with the sweetness of the raisins. The tagine pot I'm sure contributed to a perfect cooking of the vegetables. Very good dish. Risotto of diver scallops - asparagus / meyer lemon gremolata The scallops were cooked perfectly; however, seasoned with a bit too much salt. The asparagus and meyer lemon gremolata risotto was a nice creamy addition which cut a little of the salt from the scallops. Overall a good dish but I think I would skip it next time. I really liked Zimzala a lot. From the chic yet laid back atmosphere to the food and the service. Another reviewer pointed out that the service was so good that it actually became a nuisance of "date blocking" because the waiters/waitresses perseverated over and over if everything was okay or if they could get anything else to complete their dining experience. This was completely true; nonetheless, I wasn't annoyed with the pleasent hospitality, rather I welcomed it! keep it up Zimzala!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,11/2/2009,99,144,7,9,7>at first, i was too quick to judge because i remember the Rock n' Taco not so pleasant days. remember that lady who had Carol King hair and how she'd practically jump on her piano? *points gun to head* guess what? Matador is growing on me.  i guess i assumed it would be the same as before when they re-opened. boy, was i was wrong. it's a different place now. what used to be an ugly duckling has tranformed into a swan. it's now lined with paintings of Matadores (bullfighters), large comfortable booths, candles (I'm sure fake) lighting up the walls. it definitely has that Moorish influence in design, which i believe, is underrated and beautiful. i comend Matador for introducing some more culture to Downtown Fullerton. if i was a bar, ethnically, i would be Matador Cantina. the bar is awesome and there's plenty of seats. if you're into sports they do have the Angels and Dodgers games on at the same time. and if you're into futbol, well they have that too. taco tuesdays are awesome. you know why? because their tacos are damn good and $1.25 and they're topped with cotija cheese. add a $3 corona, plenty of chips and salsa, and you have a perfect inexpensive dinner. as for the rest of the menu, all i can say is that i'll be coming here to try more of it. i've had their guacamole, chicken, carne asada, fish tacos, and enchiladas. not only can you get enchiladas with red or green salsa, but you can get sweet enchiladas for dessert. basically, it's bananas fosters wrapped in a crepe. how good does that sound? i can't wait to come in for their brunch, mojitos, bloody marys, and their albondiga soup. the list goes on and on. where else am i going to find albondiga soup? i thought my mom was the only person who made it.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,1/15/2009,115,175,11,14,15>Four days later and I can still almost taste the lamb.  As anniversary time rolled around, I wanted to take my man to some place nice that we've never been before.  I've heard about Dizz's a few times and passed by it just as many so I decided it was time to get on with it.The decor was not impressive but it does have character.  I really hate big floral grandmother's cottage prints and this place has 'em by the... well it's all over.  The table clothes, the walls (I think)... but definitely all the table clothes.  It was just... A LOT.  But hey... it gives it a warm cottage feel and makes it a bit quaint.  Regardless... I didn't care for it.  But it was very romantically lit which was appropriate for an anniversary dinner, if not hard on the eyesight.They brought us out some pate and bread and a small glass of digestif.  Right off the bat, they got me.  I loved the pate.  Much better than that pate in a can that I buy from the supermarkets.  We had the escargo to start and I had the rack of lamb.  Escargo is always good.  I prefered Pescadou's escargo but... still good.  The lamb though, was wonderful.  The gravy worked perfectly with the lamb and the lamb itself was just... YUMMY.  I can't describe why but I just liked it for some reason.  My man had the veal shank that came with a little fork for the marrow.  How awesome is that?!Dessert was this really thick wall of a chocolate bunt cake.  I don't like my cake that thick but it was yummy with the raspberry drizzle.  All in all, a yummy, and very fattening dinner.  I would go back but it cost too much.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,1/14/2009,639,638,11,13,11>Oh Mutt Lynch, you simply reek of summer time fun! This gem of a bar rests on right on beautiful Newport beach. The times I have been the windows are open, allowing the ocean breeze to circulate through the bar. If your lucky you can ever grab a table looking out at the ocean. It is the perfect place to relax after work with a schooner or get out of the sun after playing at the beach. This place offers a ton of beers! I always get the Trailer Trash iced tea which is PBR with a ton of lemons. A pitcher runs 14$ which might be a bit much for PBR but it's fun. Normally I am a bit weary or food in bars but this place has outstanding food! I went on a Wednesday which is buy one burger get one free. I got the Ahi Burger (8$) which was delicious with a side of garlic fries(6$). The garlic friends were awesome, they were drenched in grease which might turn some people off but I was into it.  Also on Tuesdays they have buy one pizza get another free. My only dislike about this place is that the service is very slow. I was pretty relaxed and just out to chill for awhile and I still kept  thinking where the hell is my server? Also this place is swarming with Bros which get progressively louder as they drink and cheer for the games which can be watched on the many TVs posted around the bar. I thought it was entertaining just to sit back and watch everyone and the beach. Just don't come expecting a romantic dinner, come to drink, have fun, and enjoy the beautiful scenery!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,1/13/2009,548,730,9,9,8>As others have mentioned, Izakaya Wasa is not anywhere near as good as the other OC izakaya restaurants (Honda-ya, Kappo Honda) nor is their yakitori quite as glorious as that of Shin-Sen-Gumi's. Yet I still really enjoy eating here.The food is theoretically Japanese, but with a lot of fusion touches. There are lots of dishes with bacon, which is always a plus for me - especially the asparagus with bacon. It might make your pee smell funny, but damn does it taste good. I also have to give them a hand for their buta kimuchee...I like it at Kappo Honda, but they have the tendency to dry their pork out. Not so at Wasa - the pork was tender and flavorful, and the kimchee that they used was just right in terms of ripeness and flavor. The meat that was overdone, though, was the garlic steak - it was good enough, but it had enough toughness to make it merely satisfactory, rather than delicious.The beer kept coming, though, and the waitresses were friendly and prompt. The few times I've been here have been really enjoyable. But like I said, it's not anywhere near the best izakaya in OC.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/12/2009,94,204,6,11,10>THE BEST CUPCAKE IN CALIFORNIA.  Yes, that's it.  I've been wanting to try them up in Brentwood and was thrilled that they're much closer now in Newport.  So we stopped in yesterday - YUM!  Since I'm trying to stick to weight watchers, we split a vanilla cupcake.  Good thing we only had 3 dollars cash with us, because if we had more, it would have been a coloric catastrophe!This is the perfect cupcake - Frosting - not too sweet, perfect texture.  Cake - moist AND tasty! As long as they are around I will never have another Sprinkles, Crumbs or any other cupcake in town.  No need to waste calories on those when you can indulge in one of these!!!BRAVO Susiecakes!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,1/10/2009,355,444,8,12,11>Being raised with a lot of Thai and Lao cuisines, I was glad to find this little restaurant.  It was a nice break from all the Thai establishments around the areas.  The prices here are relatively cheaper here than elsewhere, 5 for a dish. Love it. Like others have said, the place is really small.  It's more of a take out joint but they do offer about 4 tables for those who wishes to dine in.  It's a mom-pop runned place so you will see the pop taking the orders while the mom pops out the food in the back.  They are very friendly and always are out talking to their patrons as well.  On one of my visit, I tried their angel wings.  The outside wasn't as crispy and the batter they dipped it in wasn't as tastey but the stuffing was very good, especially with the dipping sauce.  The somtum was indeed true to the lao style.  Instead of fish sauce, they add tamarind to it. it gives it a more sour taste than the thai style.  The spiciness factor is great here because I can actually feel the heat as I'm eating.  I've found me a good cheap take out food joint.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,1/9/2009,200,528,9,10,9>Came in here on Saturday night (I must have breezed right past Christina S.!) and the place was packed! I don't think these folks are going to have any trouble in spite of Gustavo Arellano's less-than-stellar review in the OC Weekly. If he disagrees with the kind of hip kids that are reading the magazine that's paying his annual salary, then he might be in for some trouble-- he doesn't see eye-to-eye with his core audience-- Lola Gaspar is great!Right around the corner from Memphis and Proof Bar, Lola Gaspar is smack dab in the middle of the Artist's Village in Santa Ana. What they lack in visibility from street traffic, they will surely make up for by word of mouth.Me and my roommate had both already eaten dinner but decided if we were gonna try the place, we might as well sample the menu too. We were able to snag the booth by the bathroom, and decided to share the Lobster BLT ($15). My roommate's half was mostly lobster, while my half was mostly bacon. Honestly, I think the sandwich would be better as an LLT-- sans bacon. The fries were good, and the aioli was a nice touch on both the sandwich and the papas. For dessert, we shared the red velvet cupcakes ($5). The cream cheese frosting had a slight vanilla taste, which took the edge off, but the cupcake itself was a little light on the red velvet flavor-- I kept wishing it was a little more chocolatey.To drink we each had a sangria roja ($5) which came in a little 4 oz. cup. A little much for $5 but it tasted GREAT. Like a sweet red wine with a hint of the hard stuff underneath. I could have easily had three or four of these, but after the two glasses of wine I had before getting here, I thankfully thought better of it.Our waitress was so cute! The employees here just wear their street clothes and no name tags, so it's a little hard to tell who's working the bar and who's just hanging out with friends.This will make pub crawls around Santa Ana all the more interesting, and now I have one more place to try when all the places nearby are lame on any particular evening.This place ranks up there with the Crosby for my favorite places in the Artist's Village area. It definitely blows Proof Bar and Memphis out of the water!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,1/8/2009,77,302,8,11,12>So, for my 200th review, I decided to review Mesa- it is seriously the hippest place in OC...located at the Camp (i am loving the camp), don't judge a book by it's cover as it's easy to miss off of Baker (cross street: Bristol) and looks like a warehouse from the outside but one step inside, and you feel like you're somewhere besides the OC. It's dark, sleek and I love how the patio ceiling opens up with projections of cool scenes (only thing is you are allowed to smoke which I'm not keen on). Drinks are a bit pricey- they do have a delicious lychee martini but for $12, the pockets can hurt. Appetizers are yummy: shoe string french fries topped with rosemary are yum along with their cheese platter and bruschetta. Their mussels were good--you get a bunch but they are tiny. The entrees were okay: I wasn't too impressed with the rib eye or halibut so next time, I'd stick with appetizers and drinks. Great venue, people watching and to just hang. There is a bouncer at the door so be ready to flash your license whether you're here for drinks or dinner. And ,if you aren't too full, take a nice breezy walk to milk + honey. I love the camp!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,1/7/2009,212,81,16,19,19>The best way I can describe Thai Nakorn: Thai comfort food.  There's no fancy decor, extravagant garnish, or chic food descriptions.  The only thing that stands out is "gasp"..... the food.  It speaks volumes in this day and age that a restaurant can stand out purely on the merit of its food.  Substance over form.Less "restaurant" style, more traditional "what you would get from your awesome cook of an aunt" style of cooking.Look around and you will see the deep fried sea bass with mango salad on nearly every table, there's a reason for this, it is darn good.  Make sure you order it.  Other recommended entrees:  beef or chicken satay, Yum Nua, Tom Yum Soup, and Beef Panang.Trust me, after you come here once, it will be the go to joint for Thai Food.  Every once in awhile there may be a craving for something more fancy, however you will always come home to Thai Nakorn.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,1/6/2009,52,150,6,7,5>My wife was in the mood for either Mexican or Middle Eastern, but she stressed definitely not Persian. We remembered Anaheim as being the haven for this sort of food so she went on yelp and found this place. While she figured out what our son wanted, I looked and decided what I wanted as well, then discussed with my wife what our order was going to be.After much discussion as to whether she should get the chicken with sides (she wanted just the chicken) or not, she won and said the other 2 entrees would have plenty of sides and she was not in the mood for so many sides. Point taken.We sat down and waited for our food. Very quickly the first 2 arrived. When I opened my order I was a bit confused. I thought I told my wife I wanted the #11 which was chicken, but the one in front of me was obviously beef. I asked her about it and she said it was #10. I reminded her that I wanted chicken and she said she was sorry she thought I wanted the #10.I didn't want to eat beef, but after watching my son dig in and exclaiming how yummy it was, I caved and ate some. It was very good. I told my wife that the food gets a 4 but she gets a 1 star. She laughed and apologized and I took the opportunity to tease her about it .....I said to her "I know I said the #11, but you knew that what I REALLY wanted was the #10 which was why you switched my order".My wife's chicken was some of the best I've ever had. Very good. The hummus needed some more olive oil, but everything else was really good.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,1/5/2009,767,878,7,9,11>$13.00 bucks for a budgeted experience well worth mentioning on Yelp...Priceless, well sort of.After hitting the sand, this past labor day weekend my companions Euni and Zel decided after getting some sun rays to grabbing a bite to eat for lunch. So, they mentioned this place which I enthusiastically looked forward to checking out. Located in a small plaza, before the Entrance to the 55 North from Newport Beach this hidden gem hosts one of their breakfast specialties in town...The Omelette.The atmosphere was lively, from teenagers, old times, to food goers like myself who constantly come in and out from this vintage western environment. After looking through the menu, we all decided on what to eat as the following:-2 orders of Belgium Waffles with Strawberries (1 with whip creme, and the other without)-1 order of Mrs. Beecher's Delight (contains: Swiss Cheese melted, with freshly chopped Spinach and Mushrooms and assorted fruit) added: A  two extra sides of Sour Creme on my melted mash potatoes with cheese.-1 order of Freshly Squeezed Orange Juice-3 orders of CoffeeEuni and Zel enjoyed their waffles without any complaints. They felt pretty stuffed, towards the end of finishing their plates. I too, was at maximum capacity, couldn't even finish the potatoes in its entirety...but every bite was succulent within the moist Omelette. The fruit was sweet and the potatoes with cheese and sour cream, was perfect for my tastes and texture.Our total came about $30.00 bucks with tax and tip (my share of the food was about $13.00). Overall, the place is nice and it has a cash register with a variety of old currency coins dating back to the 1700s. Now if only I can use that Australian Half Penny...to make a purchase with this much food offered, that would be refreshing and frugal indeed. Thanks Omelette Parlor for not hurting my wallet haha!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,10/25/2008,1018,364,16,18,17>Mahé is a great place for celebrations....birthdays, engagements, anniversaries... I really dig places that have good vibes and good energy and my experiences at the über Zenful Mahé do not disappoint.The restaurant and bar are as lively and eclectic as the menu...not too bright, not too dim lighting....bamboo and potted palms... an earthy color scheme. The bar is always busy and weekend nights offers some great, live music. Last time we were there a pretty good local reggae band was the entertainment du jour.   The menu is sure to please junkies, I mean - foodies, and those with Selective Palates, too, which is another reason why it is such an awesome place for large parties. The menu is extensive... there is a full sushi menu...sushi, cut rolls, hand rolls, and sashimi... and a "Specaility" menu... the Tuna Bomb is just that (fo shizzle - it's Da Bomb...erm...ok, I stop now)... tuna stuffed with crab & avocado and baked. Some of the other specials sound interestingly good... Cody's Nachos which are spicy sautéed scallops and scrimps over wonton chips....Mmm... who wants to split one with me? The dinner menu has many delicious selections by way of App and Entrée... and not just Japanese food...there is meat & (mashed) potato fare to please the finickiest in your bunch. The crab cakes are good...panko crusted crab cakes topped with king crab and served on a bed of greens with a wasabi honey sauce. The Spinach Salad is YUM - bacon...shrooms (not THAT kind)... egg...croutons & smoked bacon-y mustard-y vinaigrette. I ordered the Surf & Turf the last time I was here and it was yummy. The steak was perfectly prepared and though I generally find lobster to be somewhat overrated, it was admittedly deelish. (The butta is what does it, after all, or maybe it was the four (six) cocktails I consumed before said entrée arrived.) Pricey, but it was a special occasion and worth it!Definitely a great spot for parties, I'm tellin' ya! Or dinner with friends... the atmosphere is chillax, the drinks are awesome, and the food is GOOD.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,10/24/2008,971,1413,9,10,11>Pretty good pizza place just 10 minutes from my house!  It was a lazy Sunday afternoon so we decided to have it delivered while watching a DVD.  Nothing like an in-n-out burger in one hand and a slice of pizza in another!I ordered a medium pizza (12") with half mushrooms and half sausage/pepperoni all topped with extra cheese.  To my surprise, the pizza was not greasy at all.  When you pick up the pizza there's no layer of oil left on the bottom of the box, your fingers don't feel oily, and there's also not that visible layer of oil you get on top of most pizzas.  Pizza that doesn't make you feel like dead weight afterwards?  I'm there!  They covered every square inch of the pizza with plenty of toppings and it tasted fresh.  I liked the texture of the cheese, like another reviewer mentioned - it has this gooey, rubbery consistency that's very tasty.  I wonder if they use some sort of special cheese blend here.  Oh and the pizza crust has a nice crisp to it.  I wouldn't say it's thin New York pizza style crust, it's more like pan pizza style with nice crispy edges.  This place is located on Newport Avenue right next to the Yogurtland.  Come here then grab some yogurt for dessert!  Perfect meal right there.For delivery they charge you an extra $2 on top of the pizza price and you need to order a minimum of $12 worth of food for them to deliver.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,10/23/2008,767,878,14,16,20>Pescadou Bistro, my God why have I procrastinated this long to share my feelings with you for this long. Perhaps it is the same feeling I acquire when I come across a beautiful maiden such as yourself, that captivates me the entire time hindering me to even give the slightest notion of interest. I remember parking a couple of blocks down the street, since after 6:30pm it still is a little bit hectic to find a spot nearby the restaurant. I met up with a gang of Yelpers (some of them whose names, have no trace in my head currently), as the roster from my recollection as follows:Anita, Maury, Seb, Chris, Holly, Brian, Char, Christine, Gina, David, Linda, Jen, Chris's co-worker and anyone else I had forgotten. As we entered inside, the host was kind enough to have prepared our group's seating long before everyone had arrived to this place. She was definitely hospitable and its always a good start, to help everyone warm up to the service. We awaited for sometime before they started taking our orders, which was the following:-Soupe a l'Oignon Gratinee- French Onion Soup -Several orders of Assiette de Charcuterie- Pork Pate, Duck Rillettes,Saucisson-Several orders of soup and salad-Several orders of Cassoulet- White beans baked with duck leg confit, sausage and smoked pork-Several orders of Onglet aux echalottes- Grilled hanger steak, shallots, -Magret de Canard - Duck breast, green peppercorn -Filet Mignon au Bleu - Beef tenderloin, blue cheese-Several orders of Cotes d'Agneau aux herbes- Grilled lamb chops, pommes frites -2 blackboard orders (Special of the Days)-can't really recall what they were for the time being...-Lapin a la moutarde-Braised rabbit in Dijon mustard-Few orders of dessert (couldn't really recall what they were)-5 Bottles (brought from Chris E.), embedded with Corkage fees.Gratinee' was smooth and delicate as far as texture. I'm not a fan of French onion soup, but as soon as went down the canals of my mouth there was no turning back. The Charcuterie was really small in portions but the duck pate made it so good, it was reminiscent of texture of those white tuna sandwiches your mom would make you to eat for lunch, but ten times better. Cassoulet, casseroles are another dish I am not fond of but when you take a French Chef, add some duck and place it on a platter, like the patrons of Ratatouille' I shall savor and eat it as if I were from Bordeux. The eschalottes I did not try, but according to the people who did order them at the time. They didn't really complain much about their orders. The Magret, oh man I was looking at this dish for the longest time (debating between this and the Cotes d'Agneau), sadly I did not acquire this dish (maybe for a future visit). But I did acquire a sample from Anita, who tried it and the duck was so moist and smooth in texture, it reminded me of the reason why I need to return here and Cafe Hiro.The lapin, also another piece of food that made me miss Monjiro and it's offering of Rabbit. Thumper definitely made a return visit to the bowels of my stomach, and I shall continue on appreciating this delicacy until every single rabbit devoured shall be exterminated (like the novel Watership Down). Filet Mignon, was Brian S.'s offering and he even let us sampled a piece, it was decent nevertheless but the amount of time it took for it to come out of the kitchen was absurd (I believe nearly the entire time it took, for us to eat dinner and 3/4th's the way through).It was a careless mistake on the kitchen and I hope for future visits it doesn't happen to them because I'm sure it would be a more pleasant experience for the people (including Brian) to get their food on time instead. The wine that Chris E. provided (again I cannot remember what they were specifically), complimented the food just fine (although I must say I enjoyed the first bottle opened, before the second offerings). Blackboard orders and dessert I cannot recall, but I do remember one of the dessert offerings going to Chris (considering he was the Birthday boy) at the momentous occasion. Lastly, to my order of the Cotes d'Agneau aux herbes. The fries, were simple nothing lavish or extraordinary to talk about. However the tomato....my goodness, as the red paste touched the tip of my tongue, with atangy and subtle salty after taste. On top of that, the lamb, freshly grilled on the outside and smokey, with the tenderness of the meat inside made it a grand display. I wish any of my ex-girlfriends knew how to cook a dish like this, if so I would have so stayed longer with them (just kidding, maybe...).Overall the total came to about several hundred dollars, with tax and tip. For my share of the bill I would believe it came out to about roughly $70.00 a person tax and tip included. A hearty meal well spent, and it taught me two things about food:1) Leave the Duck to the French and Chinese2) Savor your food, otherwise the experience is left for naught.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,10/21/2008,52,150,11,14,13>I have a love affair with cured German sausages. I shouldn't be eating them really, but I don't do it that often so when I do, I want to make sure that it's of the highest quality as well as in taste.Euro Market Bakery & Deli definitely sets their standards high. The gyulai was some of the best I've ever had. The smoked brats were also extremely flavorful with a nice smoky finish -- not too salty with a lovely chew factor.My wife and I split a sandwich which was very good. I don't ordinarily like mayo on sandwiches but they only put a very light coat on so instead of overpowering, it enhanced the sammie pretty well. Soup was good too, but my son will tell you about that one since I only had a spoonful of it. Apple streudel was the BOMB!! I miss the desserts you get in Europe where they rely on the natural sweetness of the apples to bring out the flavors instead of putting unnecessary amounts of sugar covering up any essences of what the dessert should taste like.I liked everything about this place and best of all it's only a short distance away!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,10/20/2008,471,156,12,12,11>As I'm sure my friends would attest, I'm not one to toot my own horn... but I seriously just made the most amazing Frogurtz concoction...(qualify)... I've ever had.I made mine in a medium cup, but bigger is better, right?Here's the play by play:  Begin with a layer of Fresh Kiwi.  Fill mid cup with Kiwi Froyo.Next comes the berry-medley!  Blackberry, Strawberry, Blueberry, RaspberryA little cheesecake bits here and there...Another Layer of Frogurt, this time, Strawberry-Banana.  More toppings:  mochi bits, captain crunch, and a dab of Boysenberry Frogurt!mmmm, it was g-double o-d, good!  So my loves about this place:Sample cups available (just ask the person behind the counter) so that you can sample flavors before committing (it's a big step, i know!)Ample flavor selection (8+ with alternating flavors swapped each Friday.  Double up on flavor by swirling it).  I personally don't care much for the frogurt tart flavor.  There are a number of non-tart flavors to choose and enjoy!Flat price self-service which means you can put as much as you want...  also, an opportunity for artistic expression!    Amazing10/16/08 Update! Side note:   pull levers slowly.  ;)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2008,10/19/2008,47,101,18,11,10>Hi, I'm Nina,  and I am a Milk + Honey-aholic.  (insert chorus of "Hi Ninas" here)It all started innocently enough.  A new tea shop opened and I went to check it out.  Ordered a pomegranate shaken tea at the counter and noticed there was a cute patio, so I sat down to do some work.  I remember my first sip like it was yesterday -- that wave of tea goodness hit me and I thought, "Wow, this tea is... realllly good."    The next day I drive to work and think, "I have time to hit the tea shop before I go to the office," and started thinking about the moment it would hit my system.This has gone on for weeks.  Before work, on a break, on weekends, before dinner, sometimes twice, or dare I say it, three times a day.  Like any addict, my habit gets in the way of my life -- I convince myself that Milk + Honey is on the way to everywhere I'm going.  And like any addict, my habit hurts those around me -- I find myself bullying friends into "stopping by really quick" just so I can get my fix.  I don't know what Jee is putting in that shaken pomegranate tea, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's derived from crack, since I've become an absolute Milk + Honey fiend for the past few months.  P.S. Try the curry chicken croissant sandwich for a quick lunch!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2008,10/16/2008,3,4,4,9,7>Sushi KinoyaI live 4 blocks over from Sushi Kinoya and was thinking before they opened, please "GOD" let this Sushi place have at least ok Sushi............I went there the first day it opened and I promise you there biggest problem will be running out of chairs to seat people.This is #1 in my book for Sushi.I have had Sushi on 3 Islands of Hawaii, West LA, San Diego even Sambi's in Downey back in the 1980's when Sushi was not looked at as cool or a fad but more its DANGEROUS. Sambi's main Sushi chef was Shiga which I knew for over 20 years and I never ordered anything it was strictly Shiga's Specials which he made me his specialty until I said I was full (not cheap one night $500.00 spent 4 of us eating, oh ya and drinking), this was great until he went back to Japan in 2006, so I have been on the search since 2006. I have caught many tuna on boats and have had it live right after catching it, even my bachelor party was deep sea fishing and this has been one of the BEST experiences I have had in so MANY ways.Staff:The owner's lady and chef are 100% so personal and great. They are so worried about doing well, which is a sign of a true hard working owners of a business then most over confident newbie's that crash and burn fast.The waitress and waiter are very helpful and on their game with speed, watching you on if you need anything, more drink, drop a chop stick or what ever. You don't have to break your neck looking for "hey, can I have some more water or a beer" I bluntly HATE THAT SHIT! The young waitress is always very, very sweet to my two little girls taking the time to say hi and talk to them which is a very personal touch.The owner which is a young lady and she is so very sweet, nice and worrying of doing well asking me personally what I think about the music, décor, food, store hours all those details that opening a business keeps you up at all night worrying about. The chef's back ground comes from West LA which is obvious since most restaurants in Long Beach are weak on staff, presentation and quality of food and he is #1 in ALL categories. He is excited to bring his art to anyone who appreciates it, he takes his time and it shows in every aspect of his Sushi. He is also is not afraid to put it out there with new dishes that newbie sushi eaters may not be open to but shows you were his head is which is TRUE Sushi delivery. When I tried my old "make me YOUR special dish" he stopped looked at me and said simply "Hai", he then went at slowly reaching for tools, sauces, shakers and fish. He then went forward in carving and laying his art upon the plate. This dish was his "Tuna Steak" which was a mixture of Tuna, Cilantro, Onions, Ponzo Sauce and more of his magical mystery secrets which was mind blowing with a Japanese & Latin Mix Twist, it was simply perfect for a first dish and let me know ok..............I have FOUND MY SUSHI HOME! After that is was dish after dish each one his specialty and each one special in its own with many of his spins on taking a traditional dish and adding roasted garlic and onions, then another dish had thinly sliced jalapeno's, then another with deep fried onions? It was GREAT! I am a Sashimi kind guy so he read my mind perfectly, until he gave me the Monk Sashimi.......hey I still try my best on Monk . He is great, personal and he is LOCAL!Food Presentation:A+++ with each dish laid out in a specific way in taste and bringing your taste buds to their highest point. Never quick and sloppy like some other places we all know and have experienced. I have seen more and more the presentation of Sushi go down the hill in order to keep up with busy customer's. Atmosphere:Very West LA with warm colors and warm romantic feel, but not dark and gloomy. Spotless floors, tables and bathrooms. Great music, she keeps trying different themes, first time was , 2nd time was 50's rock and roll (didn't like that so much) and last times was always 80's which sorry with my grad year in 1984 you know I was waiting for the Blondie's Rapture to be playing at anytime.Great date place for young people, great date place for us 30 to 40 year olds and great date place for older people like my parents.Location:4 blocks away from my house, so its located in HEAVEN for me, but right off of Sterns & Bellflower right off the 405. Parking is not to bad yet, since the small retail stores are already closed.Prices:Prices are great, this is not a drive Sushi Sports Bar and go to West LA and this place is to cheap! When I go to dinner with my wife since we both work hard, I want great food, great atmosphere and #1 great customer service then the "best price in town".I try to go once a week and have the best time, so come support our new local restaurant that brings a lot to our Long Beach area by setting a new standard.Tell them "Jerry-San" sent you and you want to try the "Tuna Steak", trust me you will see what I mean.Thank's Jerry-San
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,10/14/2008,136,230,4,8,6>I'm definitely a fan of Shabu Shabu Station! With this place open for only a few months, I'm glad that we've found it! Tried this new restaurant based on yelp reviews, and I'll have to say that yelp did not disappoint!For dinner, I had the regular angus beef shabu ($12.99) which comes with 10 slices of angus beef.  The meat is very fresh and the plates are a good size. The veggies that accompany the dish are typical for shabu - some greens, tofu, mushrooms, carrots, green onion... etc. I had only wished that the greens were cut down to a manageable size to eat.  They seemed to be whole leaves - which though it looked fantastic, made it a little difficult to eat. The noodles were quite tasty as well - I've even taken to adding the noodles last and making a lovely soup out of them with the shabu broth! The sauces at Shabu Shabu station are homemade and taste fantastic!You have the option of sitting at the shabu bar or at the tables.  The thing that I liked about sitting at the tables, is that you are at a regular sized table... If you've been to Koji's and sat at the booth - the distance across the table is to huge that you have a hard time talking to the people you're with.  At this place, you sit at a regular sized table and share a pot with the person sitting across from you.  But don't think that you have to share everything - the pot is divided in half! It's definitely a great solution!Another thing that got me about this restaurant is the outstanding service.  We were lucky enough to meet the owner of the restaurant and it's clear that he definitely has the pride that accompanies such a great eatery!  The service was definitely spectacular.  My glass of water was never empty and the food was delivered very promptly.  The staff was always on hand to answer any questions that you had about the food or the shabu process.  I'll definitely be frequenting this place!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,10/12/2008,356,117,10,15,15>For about $9 you can get a platter of meat and broken rice... with soup!!  This is enough to feed 2 people... or even 3 if you have smaller appetites.  (Com Tam Thuan Kieu 7 mon A or the Com Tam Thuan Kieu 7 mon B)You get 7 different meats/food items:    1- BBQ pork chop (suon)... who doesn't like pork chops?   2- Baked Egg Quiche (cha): tastes kinda like egg foo young.   3- Shredded Pork (Bi): kinda tastes like chewy noodles sprinkled with ground peanuts/toasted rice powder.   4- Vietnamese Ham/Bologna (nem): tastes like a cooked chicken bologna meatball.   5- Chinese sausage (lap xuong): sweet chinese sausage pan fried with snappy skin.  mmm sausage   6- Charbroiled Shrimp Skewer (Tom Nuong) - Grilled BBQ shrimp skewer.     7-  Tofu Skin w/Shrimp (Tau Hu Ky) - crispy tofu skin wrapped around a shrimp cake.  - Soup: chicken broth with chunks of beef, sliced scallion, dried shallots.  Very light and brothy.  I like to put rice in the soup to give it more sustenance.  - Fish Sauce: They give you a small bowl of sauce which is light, sweet, and slightly salty.  This goes great with everything on the platter.  I like to chop the cucumber into it and let it soak up the sauce.  I pour this sauce over everything.  :DI come to this place when I want to chow down on some Asian bbq.  You can't beat this deal.  It may not be the most awesome bbq... but it's good and for the amount of food you get... it makes it a very tasty deal.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,10/11/2008,89,328,4,15,14>Once again, the move from LA to OC has thrown a wrench into our ability to eat good food! We had carefully scouted the best sushi establishments in LA, and now that we have relocated to North OC, there is a dearth of good sushi places. We were resigned to the fact that we'd have to live with sub-par, non-Japanese owned sushi restaurants. Until we found Tabento?!Tabento? was a welcome surprise. I think it's a phenomenal sushi restaurant in disguise. Hmm, maybe that explains the question mark in the name. Tabento is located in an unassuming strip mall just off of Harbor Blvd in Costa Mesa, It is tucked way in the back near a paintball store. There is more than ample parking. When we went in, we found it to be a nondescript little hole in the wall, but very nice. It appeared to be a traditional Japanese restaurant. I gathered this by observing the decor, the patrons, and the staff. There were perhaps 10 tables, so don't come during busy times with a large party.We decided to order 4 orders each of sake, ikura, uni, and one order of hirame nigiri. The total with tax came out to $73. The sake and ikura was fresh, and had a delicious, buttery taste. The hirame was exquisite, and had yuzu (japanese lime) on it. Our personal favorite is uni, and this uni not only exceeded our expectations, it blew them out of the water! The uni at Tabento? really is nothing short of phenomenal. So sweet, and it melts in your mouth. My wife's only gripe is that they didn't wrap it in nori. I didn't care, it was so darn tasty! Even the wasabi was of high quality, and so was the ginger. We had ordered to go, and the server was kind enough to include 2 bottles of water with our order. Overall, this was a truly unexpected surprise. My wife, who is Japanese, is very particular about Japanese restaurants in the US, especially sushi, and this definitely passed her test. Mine, too!Too bad it's about a 30 minute drive away or we'd come every week. Maybe that's a good thing for the pocketbook.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,7/17/2008,232,275,12,20,16>If you are an oyster fan, this place should do the trick and NOT empty out the wallet like McCormicks, or Scott's, or any other reknowned seafood establishment probly would,  they try to keep some varieties of oyster from the Pacific NW and also some popular ones from the east coast..... they also have KING crab legs, crawfish, lobster, fish, and steamed shrimp and so on and so on and so on for a VERY reasonable price.  On this visit I had oysters on the half shell (6 are never enough) and a pound of steamed manila clams in a lemon grass broth, and some amazing crawfish egg rolls.  Service was excellent....friendly, and efficient.I will definitely be going back to fulfil my oyster cravings which I usually just suffer thru til they subside....no longer will I have to do that...I will just come here!!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,7/16/2008,1706,66,21,20,17>4.07 to be exactIf tons of quality meat is what you want, come on down!  haha  This place has a LOT of meat and the waiters are pretty good about giving you more and more, the quality of the meat is pretty decent especially considering that it is all you can eat.  The only thing is though, if you are into getting certain cuts of meat that you prefer and not just all the random ones that come out, it can be a pain a bit, because you may have to wait quite a bit.  The other negative that I have encountered is if you are looking let's say for the inside part and not the outside part, you may have some issues, unless you have a friend who likes the outside.  One of the My friends does, so when I go with him, that issue is not an issue, because he actually prefers the outside more cooked more seasoned portions, so we coordinate well tag teaming the gouchos, hehe.  :)  When I go thee with any of My other friends though, the gouchos have to end up going around to other tables to give people the outside and them come back.  The thing that really drives Me crazy is when you have the green side up and they like skip you and you see a meat walk by and it might be the kind you want......that's aggravating..................If you are not into fillet mignon or lamb or salmon or beef ribs, then I would suggest coming in for lunch.  Lunch costs $23, dinner costs $41, the salad bar items are exactly the same for lunch and dinner.  And all the other meats except fillet mignon (they only have bacon wrapped little bits for lunch, eeks) , lamb (lamb leg and lamb chops), salmon and beef ribs are there during lunch.  So, unless you are heavily into fillet mignon and lamb (which are basically My two favorites of the meats they serve), I would highly recommend here for lunch twice for 5 more dollars than going for dinner once.  It just makes no sense to pay almost double the amount for no reason.For people not into meat, there is the salad bar only option, which is $19 for lunch and $29 for dinner, which basically means that for $4 dollars more for lunch you could have the meat, so not choosing the full option for lunch is silly unless you are vegetarian....otherwise a fast food burger would cost more than the meat part of the price.The salad bar is very good, delicious caprese (tomato, mozarella & basil), smoked salmon (sadly, supposedly farm raised), shrimp cocktail (good size), marinated shitake (yum), sun-dried tomatoes (really goos actually - moist, tasty), eggplant salad (one of the yummiest eggplant dishes ever), chunks of parmesan, asparagus, cold cuts, endive, peppers, mixed greens, marinated artichokes, clams, mussels, collard greens (done in oil and not pork fat, yay, so yummy), and a number of other salads and dishes, including black bean stew.  I eat only so much of the salad bar items, since meat is the main part of excursions to Agora, lol....I do enjoy some of the salad bar items quite a bit though.This place is good and yummy and I tend to get stuck on places and they become My current fall back place and I end up going there all the time.  Well, Agora has had that honor before, so I used to go all the time.  The thing about gorging on tons of meat though is that you want to only do it so often as far as your health is concerned, lol.  I swear whenever I would go and gorge on lbs of meat here I would feel My heart, lol.  So, it is still a fun place to visit, just not a bunch of days a week, lol.....health is important, too, lol.I have read some reviews stating that Fogo De Chao has way better meat and salad bar.  I do not venture much to LA, but I am very curious to try that place now.  This place is pretty good though.  If money is not a big deal for you and you are in the mood to gorge on tons of meat and are able to do so, then come on down, you are the next contestant on how many lbs of beef (& lamb) can you eat!!  heheThey also have different drinks (I drink the large bottles of mineral water) and desserts.....have not had their dessert.  I have always ended up going elsewhere for dessert after....so no idea.In OC, this is the best all you can eat meat wise!  Gorge away, baby!  :)
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2007,7/15/2008,54,12,14,12,13>i've been here a few times but never reviewed it, but i just wanted to give it five stars because today when i went there, the owner guy (i think he's the owner guy), came over to the table my brother and i were setting at and personally wiped it off for us. i also looked at some of the reviews that talked about the fries being mediocre, and i couldn't disagree more. the fries are one of my favorite reasons for going there, and the thousand island they put on the burgers is sweeter than the breast milk of a hummingbird.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,7/14/2008,472,335,5,7,8>I first came here because I got to Costa Mesa by 3:30, and Kohryu was closed.  So was Mentatsu.  But I'm glad I went here.  It was great.I crave this place about as much as I crave Daikokuya.  Each place has their strengths.  Daikokuya's is definitely their broth, and when you get it Kotteri style, it's unstoppable in flavor, texture, and did I mention flavor?Santouka, in my opinion, can bring you to your knees with their special toroniku.  This cut of meat is so tender it falls apart to the chopstick's touch.  And it just tastes beautiful.  Juicy, fatty, and harmonious with their shio soup base.  I wish I were there right now... in that grocery store food court...Their noodles were nothing really special, but I did like how they stayed warm with their extra oily shio broth protecting it from the elements.As I said, it's in a food court.  But who the hell cares.  When you have your oomori bowl of toroniku shio ramen, after the first taste you become absorbed in your order, and nothing can distract you.Is it better than Daikokuya?  In terms of taste and overall experience it's almost even for me, but Santouka gets a fifth star for being in a convenient location with good air flow, clean floors, and nice presentation.If you could get me a soup with Daikokuya's broth, Santouka's toroniku, and Tajima's boiled egg, I will award it six stars....Now I'm hungry.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,7/13/2008,95,143,19,9,19>I regularly question my mortgage.  Most of my measly penance quickly disappears to keep 900 square feet above my head.  While I live within the cusp of a "hip urban jungle," I often wonder what it would be like to own an acre in the midwest for the same price.  Then, I venture to hilltop park and forget it all.  To the north, a picturesque view of the third largest economy in the world.  To the south, the end of the earth and a virtual postcard of solitude.  I'm able to witness it all by traveling less than five minutes from the aforementioned mortgage.  Throw in a quirky, well maintained minimalist setting and I completely comprehend the masochism that is purchasing land in southern california.Screw you, Montana!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,7/12/2008,123,181,9,9,10>I was looking for a turtle to give my mom for her bday. I went to three different places before someone suggested for me to go here. Seriously, O-M-G. this place is unnoticeable, no flashing lights, just a humble little pet shop from the outside. And then you walk in- and it's like a freaking rainforest inside. You can get all your reptile needs here. The place is totally kid friendly (they were hosting a birthday party in the store!!!), and such a great learning experience for kids and adults. there are 150 lb turtles here, 10 feet iguannas there, a pond full of swimming turtles in one corner. If I had more time, I would have spent the whole day just looking arounf and exploring the place. When I have kids, I'm definitely taking them here- Heck forget the kids, I'm going there this weekend!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,7/11/2008,355,444,9,12,12>After reading the many 5 star reviews, I was so eager to try this place. I really hoped that it would live up to the reviews of my fellow yelpers. AND IT DID. $1.99 for a cupcake is way much cheaper than other places that charge up to $3/piece for theirs.  I don't know what else to say except that this has got to be my favorite cupcake place for now.  It's so soft and moist with enough frosting to not give you a sweet induced coma.  All of the ones I bought were all good; coconut, tuxedo, peanut butter, red velet.  But the outstanding one would have to go to either the peanut butter or the red velvet. They're both delicious, delicious. So glad for yelp of helping me find this cupcake place. I'm gonna take a weekly visit from now on.The employee was super friendly and asked me how I heard about them.  She was eager to help me.  =)  I like being the center of their attention.  They're closed on Mondays, but open all the other days from 10am-6pm.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,7/10/2008,295,228,18,8,11>Charlie and his chili factory churn out whole beans for their famous chili chese dog.  I ordered it take out and it filled an entire white foam box ... i mean, styrofoam box with just one of it's hot dogs and chili and cheese.Willy went wonkers on the chili and the hot dog because there were TWO wieners in the bun ... "Oh Willy,"  I said dreamingly ... "How do you fit two wieners in your bun?"he bluntly replied, "I grease it with chili. Duh!"  and i only paid them $7 bucks for the two wieners in a bun.  I guess in this economy, prostitution is taking a hit too.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,7/8/2008,989,573,35,34,34>80 reviews for this place already, and I've just read them all.  My eyes are now spinning slot machine style, and my index finger is cramping from Useful, Funny, and Cool voting.  What could I add, that would garner U, F, or C attention that hasn't been Yelped yet?  Now in addition to my eyes and my finger, my brain is starting to complain about working on the weekend...Useful:  Around 12:30pm on a Saturday, I was surprised to see it hustling and bustling with business.  We had to put our names on a waiting list, but the wait was only 5 minutes.  After we sat down, plenty more folks waltzed in and waited patiently.  There are a glutton of companies nearby, and on a weekday lunch hour, it's probably nuts here.  Even for the weekend, when I would've thought it would be dead here during lunch, there were a surprising number of heads in here.  I ordered the lunch combo with Tanuki Udon and Unagi Don.  The hand made udon noodles were divine, and the soup broth had a tasty smoky flavor to it.  It was brisk out today (by SoCal standards) and I enjoyed the hot broth immensely.  I ordered the Unagi Don portion over genmai rice (brown rice).  At my age I need to keep an eye on cholesterol busters when I am given the option.  Tasty!Funny:  Tanuki means "raccoon" in Japanese.  Tanuki Udon is NOT a raccoon flavored broth.  They take the leftover fried crumplets of tempura batter and toss them in the bowl and call it Tanuki Udon.  Kind of like those tasty lil crunchy morsels you find at Long John Silvers in the bottom of the paper boat, but tempura instead.  Why do they call it that?  I'm sure there's a story to be told.  And no, I have no idea what it is, although I am curious.Cool:  If you happen to need to use their restroom facilities, you'll go down a lightning bolt shaped corridor, and about 2/3rds of the way before attaining porcelain nirvana, you'll come across a window on your left.  Peering in, you'll see where the magic happens... the Udon/Soba noodle making room.  The magician was not on shift during my particular venture to the facilities, but it'd be neat to watch. Bottom line, I had a great lunch here, and will be back to sample more of their fare.  The menu is extensive, as you'll see if you read the other 80 reviews.  I'm in the area often on Saturdays as Aki Nursery (owned by my father in law) is nearby and on Saturdays, I usually spend a few hours there helping out.  And by helping out, I mean look for the guy hiding behind the palm trees sitting down reading a book (unless you need help loading your car).  Here's my shameless plug: Irvine: yelp.com/biz/aki-nursery…, Huntington Beach: yelp.com/biz/aki-nursery… =P  D'oh!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,7/7/2008,359,353,14,18,16>Thank you curry house for having customer appreciation days. (I love being appreciated with best quality low price Japanese Curry!!)Thank you curry house for bringing back the price from 1983.Thank you curry house for giving me awesome seafood curry even at a very low price. (4.25!?)Thank you curry house for bringing out my food so fast, and being so efficient in service, even though you are packed with so many people who have showed up to enjoy your low price.Thank you curry house for giving me refills on my ice tea even though you are offering your tea at a very low price.Thank you curry house for bringing in extra red radish container, for two girls chugging down your radish like there is no tomorrow!Thank you curry house for making my wallet smile!!Thank you curry house for getting me in so early!!I have to thank you, curry house, for making my tummy happy!!!Folks, take advantage of the low prices at curry house, June 24th and 25th.Tip: Go right before they open, if you are going there for lunch, at around 11:30 AM. I only waited like five minutes before I got in.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,11/20/2008,355,278,35,25,25>After moving to the OC, I had to ask only one question:Where's a nice Jewish girl supposed to get some rugelach around here???(OK, I also had to ask where all the Democrats are, but that's for another review). My grandparents, who now live in OC, once owned deli/bakeries in New York and L.A.  When I asked them where to go for rugelach, they said...L.A.  My grandfather sat me down and said in his thick New Yawk accent: "Aimee, your mission to find good rugelach in Orange County is the equivalent of Bush trying to find WMD in Iraq. You're going to search long and hard, but they ain't there. Don't try and fool yourself and everyone around you. Don't pretend that they're around and overturn every bakery in town looking for them. They don't exist. Get out while you can and get yourself on the right path...on the 405 heading north." (This story is not quite verbatim, but "Bush" was mentioned at least once in the conversation. My grandparents might be the only die-hard Democrats in OC over the age of 85).Screw 'em, I said, I'm still going to try. After looking around for a while, my cocky attitude quickly turned into despair. My grandfather was right. He's always right about Jewish baked goods. What do I know?!? Filled with hopelessness, and definitely no sign of victory in sight, I finally stumbled across French's Cupcake Bakery. Oh sure, I thought, a bakery with the words "French" and "Cupcake" in their name. Yeah, this place will definitely have good rugelach! HA!But, wouldn't you know it!?! They did!!!It was excellent rugelach. They were a big hit with all my Jewish peeps up in LA last night who are used to the good stuff. Today, I brought some over to my grandfather. The day of Rosh Hashanah. He looked at me, with a mixture of shock and glee, and said that he was proud of me.  He said, "Aimee, I have never been wrong a day in my life about Jewish baked goods. But, I was wrong about you. I was wrong about finding good rugelach in Orange County. And, who knows, maybe I'm even wrong about that rat-bastard Bush.........naaaaah."True story.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,11/17/2008,380,334,10,15,15>Excepting to wait forever as most Korean restaurants make you do... I was amazed by Shik Do Rak and how efficient and fast there service was.  The servers were all very pleasant and thoughtful, remembering to fill your water and getting you extra napkins.  We ordered the first meat combo the thinly sliced beef was good however, I thought I would have enjoyed the pork belly more it seemed to not have much flavor.  The side dishes are very tasty and I really enjoyed the noodle and daikon wraps.  I was putting them in the soup and other side dishes trying different flavor combinations.  He he!  They have done a pretty job at remodeling the place seems bright and clean. I would definitely dine here again.  3 1/2 Stars.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,11/16/2008,12,54,2,9,6>We have a new contender for best steakhouse in Orange County!  What a pleasant surprise.  I had no expectations going in, but what we found was the most flavorful and best prepared steaks in a long time.  I had the 24 oz bone-in ribeye, which was fantastic, and the two filet's at the table were perfect as well.  I'm normally not one to ruin a fine cut of meat with sauces, but at the suggestion of the manager we ordered a sauce sampler with dinner.  The blueberry merlot and maytag bluecheese were the clear standouts.   Sides were great, everything was hot and cooked exactly as ordered.I'm going to conditionally put Manhattan Supper Club at the top of my steakhouse list for Orange County; just slightly ahead of Mastoe's and Flemmings.  1 more visit that repeats and they'll be solidly locked in. Special tip of the hat to the manager Max Hanley.  He spent a significant amount of time just talking to us and really added to our overall experience.  We also chatted with the executive chef who's  passionate about his craft and it clearly shows in the food.  Finally, the restaurant is a little bright in daylight, so you may want to make dinner reservations for dusk or later.  Cellar room that's open on weekends looks great and would be a good choice for an intimate dinner.  Enjoy!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2008,11/15/2008,25,40,6,5,2>Miss Priss - you had me at "hello".When I was pregnant, I would constantly crave cupcakes and send the hubby out on cupcake runs.  Not wanting to go home emptyhanded, he would always come back with items like a jelly roll from Vons, a mini bundt cake from Corner Bakery, a cinnamon cheesecake from Black Angus, an Oreo milkshake from Chik-Fil-A or a chocolate cake from Eastside Mario's, none of which remotely resembled a cupcake.  This is because there is no  place in Lakewood to get a good cupcake.   One day, I was browsing through Yelp, looking for places to go for my now rare field trips, and came across Miss Priss. When did this come to the neighborhood???  I go to Norse street all the time (minus the absence from giving birth and taking care of the baby for the last month).  My heart sang at the prospect of finally getting some good cupcakes from down the street.We walked into the cute little cupcakery, and I was on sensory overload.....mmmmm....What to get?  What to get?  We ordered peanut butter, cookies and cream, red velvet, lemon, chocolate fudge, and chocolate mint.  Like a fragrant bouquet that was delivered on Valentine's day, I can sit and sniff the cupcakes all day long.I first ate the red velvet one, but I was talking on the phone at the time and failed as a foodie to take in the fullness of what just happened.  As soon as I hung up the phone, my taste buds kicked me in the roof of my mouth and said, "HEY, that was some serious goodness!  PAY ATTENTION!"I tried to enjoy the next 3 cupcakes, but they were a blur.  I inhaled them in-between exclamations of joy.  My husband tried to eat half of the cookies and cream cake, so I had to pull the post-partum card to guilt him into letting me enjoy my crack - er, i mean cupcake -  un-bothered.Through my cupcake induced stupor, I do remember glimpses of perfect, light and fluffy cakes.  Not too light to lack flavor, and not too moist to kill the cake texture.  Compared to Sprinkle's, Miss Priss's cakes are lighter with just the right amount and sweetness of frosting.  Did I mention that they do not cost more than $2??!!  I enjoy baking, and at $1.99 a piece, I think it is definitely worth it to get my cupcake fix without having to bake them myself.  Will definitely come back (probably tomorrow) to get 2 of each of my top picks (1-cookies and cream, 2-lemon, 3-red velvet, and 4-peanut butter).  The chocolate fudge was just ok compared to the rest of the flavors.  The chocolate chip mint tasted like bubble gum.  Will have to try the coconut and key lime next time.  I can only hope that Miss Priss will come up with more yummy flavors to please the palate.  So, we have covered the cupcake portion of the business, what about the "such"?  Miss Priss also makes chocolate covered strawberries, caramel apples, a cupcake cake, and a chocolate fudge pie.  They also sell decorated martini and wine glasses that would make a cute accompaniment to their nicely boxed cupcake bouquet.So do I give this place 5 stars?  After eating 4 cupcakes in one sitting and still wanting more?  Heck YEAH!!!  Damn...I was doing so well losing my post pregnancy weight,,,
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2008,11/14/2008,5,4,7,9,7>This cafe is simply charming in all aspects. With gasoline prices what they are, you can trust that I wouldn't so frequently haunt a place that's ten miles roundtrip unless it was good. Real good.First off, it's difficult to feel uncomfortable in the Greenhouse; the service is friendly and everything is super casual. The first time my friends and I checked this place out we found that Brian, one of the owners who also mans the counter, was very easy to talk to. The second time, we found that he was also very forgiving as my darling friend accidentally knocked over a table and vase. We're pretty sure he hasn't spit in our coffee for that, so it's hard for anyone to feel unwelcome.The atmosphere is otherwise very warm and colorful. Service is consistently kind and prompt. The food as I have sampled it has always been more than satisfying. Most of all I enjoy fueling my caffeine addiction when I drop by; small drinks run around $3 and are usually served in a mug rather than a disposable cup. They're delicious; I've never been disappointed. The house sodas are worth a try, too; there are a ton of flavors and you're allowed to mix at your will.A couple negatives: The parking lot is rather tiny and can be tasking if it's nearly full. Luckily not even twenty feet away you can pull into El Pollo Loco's back parking lot. The dessert isn't the best either, but it's decent.'Sides all that, you should ask about off-menu items like the freckled lemonade. If you're in a group, either of the two converted bedrooms have a good amount of seating and a sense of privacy. There are board games and magazines for your entertainment, and if you ask you may just be able to man the remote for the T.V.And due to my offbeat addiction it must be said that the soups come in really cute bowls.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,11/13/2008,210,427,6,9,8>Not since we used to lunch it together years ago, have I ever said to my bf, "let's eat Thai food tonight."  It isn't as though I am against Thai food, I just rarely find myself hankering for it.  This past weekend, I said "I know a place I want to try..."  Off we drove to Sweetee Thai.  The strip mall that houses Sweetee has a couple of other eateries along with sharing a parking lot with a Carl's Jr and Chilis.  Parking on a busy weekend night made it seem like we were in for a long wait.  I walked in to get our name on the list while he parked only to find out, there was a table open already, no list.  The restaurant was pretty full and decorated in the usual suspect for asian restaurants from the 90s.  I have no idea how long this one has been there but it had all of the typical decor.  We ordered our drinks and the Mee Krob appetizer.  We ordered the Peanuts & Chicken entree along with the Pad Se Iw (sp?) dish.  Wish the waitress had warned us just how much food we were about to get.  The Mee Krob was good but after about 5 bites it is a bit too sweet.  I didn't care for the Peanuts & Chicken dish all that much because I don't like a lot of peanut sauce on top, wish they had left some on the side but it was good nonetheless.  The Pad Se Iw was the deal maker for me.  Each bite made me love it more.  Lastly we ordered the Mango Sticky Rice.  I had never had this before but my bf had tried it previously.  I liked the rice part of it a lot.  Reminded me of the cream of wheat I used to eat as a kid.  The bf said it wasn't as good as the sticky rice he had in Long Beach but that it was tasty here too.  Not sure what the bill was since the bf paid but it was a nice experience and glad I suggested Thai food that night.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,11/11/2008,55,13,4,5,8>I live 5 min away from this restaurant and feel so grateful and fortunate to have it in my neighborhood.This place is truly the authentic ORIGINAL pancake house. The best pancake place ever! It shouldn't even be compared to IHOP. Once you try their pancakes, you will never want to go back to IHOP.I usually visit here for Sunday brunch as they are only open till 2 pm. It's always packed so be ready to wait for at least 30 -40min on weekends.You'll be surprised by their creative and amazing selections of pancake. All of their pancakes are equally tasteful in unique and different way, I always have hard time deciding. You should try them all eventually.Among their 20 different pancakes, below two are a must try!-Dutch Baby (oven baked and served with lemon & powdered sugar), subtle yet zesty and flavorful.-Apple Pancake: Gigantic pancake topped with apples and cinnamon glaze.Oh, and don't forget to try their Waffles & crepes as well!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,11/10/2008,559,755,8,23,21>I enjoyed our meal at Thai Cafe over the weekend.  While I'd never been to the Mexican restaurant that was formerly located here, I had passed by many times, and they definitely did a good job transforming the space into Thai Cafe.  I imagine there are better tables, but we were seated next to the window with a view of the street and the Wienerschnitzel drive-thru.  Fortunately, BF and I were not out on a romantic date.We decided to share the Kai Kua noodles (wide rice noodles with chicken, squid, green onions, and bean sprouts) and the Pla Dook Phad Phet (fried catfish in red curry with Thai eggplant and bell peppers).  The noodles were pretty good and the portion was huge.  The catfish was excellent.  It was a nice tang and spice, and I really liked the round green eggplant.  Be warned that the fish contains a lot of bones, which we were not expecting.  I didn't seem to get too many, but BF was constantly taking bones out of his mouth.  For dessert we got the mango sticky rice which was delicious.  On top of the rice was some kind of toasted seeds that gave it a nice contrast in texture with a good crunch.  BF didn't think he really liked mango, but he couldn't stop eating the dessert.  It was a really big serving, and we both were too full to finish it, so we took the rest home.  I managed to finish it off later that night.Thai Cafe is definitely worth checking out, especially if you live in Irvine and don't want to drive far for a Thai meal.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,11/9/2008,26,258,,6,5>I came here for happy hour with a friend.  While the website lists the hours of happy hour from 4-7, the menus said 5-7 and when we got there at 5 it was completely dead.  The ambiance is pretty cool.  When we first went into the bar, it was open to the other lounge area, but the bartender closed it and the place got extremely dark.  Its all very red and sexy inside.  I had a Chanel cocktail and the angus and blue cheese sliders.  My friend had the blackberry champagne cocktail (forgot the name) and the onion rings.  The Chanel cocktail is supposed to be strawberry and champagne, but there was very little strawberry taste, if any.  My friend said the same was true for hers even though the blackberry syrup was more visible.  But $5 for a glass of champagne isn't bad.  The two sliders came with a side of fries.  They were messy to eat, but sooooo good.  The cheese and fried onions were delicious.  The fries were amazing.  My friend also enjoyed her onion rings.  Everything on their happy hour is $5 which is really a great deal.  I will be back for sure.  Also the host can validate so you don't pay anything if you park in the lot behind TGI Fridays.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2008,11/8/2008,2,17,6,11,8>Lately, I've been making the rounds to $20 massage places in Little Saigon to see which is best.  True Life is so far my favorite.For $20 dollars, you don't get an authentic Chinese foot reflexology appointment.  It's not a diagnosis or a strategic one-time remedy to eradicate your ailments.   You'll need many appointments with a Chinese doctor for that! This is more about relaxing.  You get massaged and rubbed from head to toe.  Keep your clothes on. Take off your shoes and socks. Close your eyes.  Drink hot tea.This is by far the best!!!  Why?1) Dim lights; cool air--not too stuffy;2) Zen decor/interiors; comfy large leather massage chairs; water fountain for sound; nice hard wood floors; clean; professional (not a lot of speaking between masseuses)---just harmonious;3) Massage was good; ask for hard, you'll get hard;4) Near Brodard Vietnamese restaurant; get a good message and the have the best spring rolls later;5) I lean towards Chinese masseuses.  Every masseuse is Chinese at Life.  From Beijing, Tsingtao, everywhere! I like to practice my Mandarin. :)Tips:Your hair will get tossed from the head massage.  Eucalyptus Oil is rubbed on you , so your perfume or cologne might clash. Mine was Michael Kors women and Eucalyptus. lol.  Wear shoes you can slip on and off easily.Say thank you or Xie Xie (Shie Shie) in Chinese after the massage.  It's appreciated.Tip from $5 to $10.  I tipped $10.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2008,6/2/2008,161,200,14,9,11>It's one of those places I wouldn't frequent, but I could easily be persuaded to go there again with the chance to hang out with fellow Yelpers.... or perhaps if they had a "free seasoned fries with purchase of beer" night. (a girl can dream)While I was there I wasn't convinced I was catching a "buzz" off of my 4 vodka/sodas, but quickly realized that I had indeed caught that elusive buzz when I was riding my bike home and almost hit a trash can.....a classic "Sarah moment".Good times.P.S. They need a bike rack.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2008,5/31/2008,210,427,8,10,9>Thank you Amy K for paying it forward and showing the bf and me the ropes on Boiling Crab.  Everything I want to say has been covered so I will keep it short and simple.  Messy, fun and scrumptious.  Be prepared for a wait, but so worth it.  They also do take out, kind of bad since we live so close.  Why do I see this being a new "sooo what do you want tonight?? = Boiling Crab!!"
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2008,5/30/2008,639,638,6,15,10>I am one of those people who will let anyone with a pair of scissors and a basic knowledge of hair cutting cut my hair, I could really care less. I don't have a hair stylist I go in times of needs. Whomever is around will do. However this all changed yesterday with my trip to Lux Salon. I woke up, looked in the mirror and said to myself .. I have to get my hair cut TODAY! so I called Lux, they're right down the street from my work and I had been there years before but the lady I went to left shortly after I got my hair done. Luckily they had a bunch of appointments open for later that day. PHEW. The atmosphere is very relaxing, and they offer you stuff to drink while you wait. The staff was really friendly. The guy that cut my hair was fantastic! His name was Sebastian, ask for him! He did a fabulous job. I got JUST was I asked for and he went above and beyond. I am in the growing out phase of my hair and get nervous every time I cut it because I'll be losing some of the length I worked so hard to get. Luckily he was really good about keeping it. He also fixed some of the things my ill-trained friends with scissors had done. I have never before been so pleased with the whole hair cutting experience. Additionally they give you a complementary neck rub before you get your hair cut which is great. It cost $45 dollars which I felt was way worth it! I highly recommend this place and Sebastian in particular, I plan on making him my regular go-to guy when I need a hair cut. That's saying a lot for me!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,5/29/2008,303,267,16,11,21>Hands down, the best dive bar I've been to.....1. I smoked inside....(sorry non's)2. I drank cheap booze3. I sat on maroon vinyl upholstery4. I had good conversations with my elders5. I had the nicest slow dance ever with Walter, who is 48 years my senior, and I did not feel creeped out at all.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2008,5/28/2008,133,190,14,10,10>The only gay bar in central OC it seems. And it has a jukebox. No DJ, just the jukebox, so hope that only people with good taste show up. Unfortunately, when I went, queens with a profound appreciation and concern for contemporary trash congregated around the box to play, well, the two most annoying words in the pop culture lexicon: Ashley Simpson. It's a tiny enclosed space, therefore I think guys should realize one spritz of cologne is sufficient. This is a bar that I would go to only if it were the last bar on earth and I happen to pass by Costa Mesa on my way to hell. I absolutely hate having to elbow inconsiderate bystanders just standing around and blocking the counter. If my elbow hits your ribs, perhaps you're too close, time to move on and out... Yeah, I'm a territorial betch when it comes to busy bars.Who am I kidding? This betch will be there most likely next weekend to elbow everyone out of the way just for a drop of Sierra Nevada.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,5/27/2008,309,307,5,6,11>It just so happens that right next door to my favorite coffee place (Kean) is a cupcake/cake/brownie/cookie imporium (how convenient).  Susie Cakes is a very art deco, black/white (sterile), 50's feel, sugar-tastic bakery.I got the feeling that they specialize in all that is Red Velvet.  Not just cupcakes but also small to large cakes.  Like all boutique cupcakeries that are so ever popular right now, everything looks too pretty to eat.I can only vouch for the Strawberry Red Velvet cupcake and a "new to my palate" Whoopie Pie.  Whoopie anything doesn't necessarily scream "tickle my fancy"; However, contemplate two moist cake cookies on top of each other with rich vanilla frosting in between.  Yeah pretty whoopie good!  I guess the next new thing will be a hybrid between cupcakes and froyo.  Think cupcake "a la mode" - You heard it here folks.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,5/26/2008,52,150,4,7,7>I'll have to give it to this place for having some awesome Islamic Chinese food. We've been to many places in southern California but none of them have been good and I love Chinese halal food. My favorite is the sesame bread with scallions and the one they do here is flavorful and not greasy at all. Their traditional dishes are also very tasty. We had the beef with leeks and also spicy ox tendon. Even the braised tofu was excellent! We'll definitely be coming back here. Service was good too although I never expect good service in a Chinese place.Once again an excellent recommendation from Kendo U!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,5/25/2008,410,600,13,9,12>one of the best gelatos outside of italy!!!i want to be the owner of this place.  not only you get to eat these heavenly gelatos (the yogurt flavor is really great which you can't find in italy) everyday, you also get to have 20 boyfriends.  i am not lying!  we overheard the owner saying to a customer that she has more than 20 boyfriends.  and i honestly believe her...what kind of man wouldn't date a lady who could spoil him with such marvelous treats?
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,5/24/2008,154,299,13,10,10>I too was amongst the gaggle of Yelpers who did a fun run and stopped here afterwards to get some breakfast in me - hey, 8 miles and a blister on my foot later, I could use some food.Now, I'll admit this right off the bat, my holy grail of morning breakfast places is Chester Drawers - the Costa Mesa Omelet Parlor. That place is forever in my heart as the best place to grab food. But coming in neck and neck in a photographic finish, in which chester drawer wins by a nose, is The Sugar Shack.We were seated REALLY quick for a large group -7(!) people. As soon as our fannies hit the seats, they had our drink orders, and as soon as we all put down the menu's, they came by for our orders.I personally had the Jr. Breakfast - 1 egg, hasbrowns, and toast (english muffin' for me), with coffee and a small OJ - grand total for all of this came out to about $8. You know how much that is at IHOP? Figure 10 or 11 dollars. Seriously. No wonder the line at the front of the shop was so long (but the secret seating in the back was as full, but the wait was a tad bit shorter).And I'll agree with Amy - the New Testament, 1950-60's era Jesus (not Jesus with that accent over the E) artwork did seem kind-of out of place, but then again, you find similarly (and depending on your theological preference, offputting) Christian centered ideals on the bottom of Soft Drink Cups from a certain regional chain - Hey, I didn't mind it, but others might. Just sayin'.Service, aside from being very quick, was also quirky - Our server asked if she could box my meal, although all that was left were the crumbs from the hash browns on my plate. Haha, she had me at that one, although I personally felt at the time that that one went so far over my head, it needed flight lights and clearance from the FAA. It's all good though, and when I'm not low on electrolytes, I'd like to think I can return as good as I get. All in all, I'll be back, especially if I start doing morning sessions again in HB (work/life permitting).Oh yeah, and this is a reason to go to Main St. HB that doesn't directly involve drinking!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,5/23/2008,356,117,3,20,19>Went to Tabento for the first time on Saturday, and already went back by Monday.  This is now my favorite sushi restaurant in Orange County.They have an awesome Happy Hour (5:30-7:00pm): $1.50 beer (Sapporo/Kirin), $1 Hot Sake, $1 House Wine.  It came with a side of edamame.Even the hot green tea (ocha) was good.  It had a well-rounded deep roasted flavor, that is slightly bitter, but mellows out very nicely as you drink it.The fish is very fresh and tender.  You know a good sushi restaurant when the size of the fish slice is larger than the piece of rice it's laid upon.  The sushi rice itself is delicious and tastes similar to the one my bachan (japanese grandma) makes.Here's what I tried so far:-Spicy Tuna Spring Rolls with Miso sauce: OMG this is definitely a MUST!!  It actually kinda tastes like tuna poke.  The miso compliments it very well.  I could probably eat these as a meal.-Sushi Sampler (5 different kinds: Salmon, tuna, halibut, mackerel, shrimp).  They-were-all-delicious!!!  See my comment above "The fish is very fresh..."-Salmon Skin Salad with ponzu dressing.  Light and delicious.  It comes with Salmon & salmon skin slices, mixed baby field greens, katsuo (thinly shaved bonito flakes), thinly sliced & pressed red onion, and cucumbers.  (Order it EXTRA CRISPYY!  yum!)-California Roll: surprisingly smooth and creamy.-Rainbow Roll: the tenderness of the sashimi went nicely with the creaminess of the california roll.-Spicy Tuna Roll: once you have eaten the spicy tuna spring roll, you don't want any other spicy tuna item.  This roll pales in comparison.-Unagi (Eel) Roll: I like the eel roll at Sakura (in LA) better... This one was good too.-Salmon Skin Roll... not as good as the salmon skin salad!-Chicken Katsu: this is not on the menu.  We had to ask for it and confirm it with the sushi chef that it was available.  The chicken katsu is crispy, tender and moist.-House Side Salad: really good.  Love the ginger soy dressing.I suggest getting there early or making reservations.  The only weird thing is that they don't have a waiting list; they just try to remember the wait order.  Enjoy tanoshii!!Update: If you like spicy sushi, try the Russian Roulette Roll, especially with friends.  It's fun and delicious.  It's creamy a spicy yellowtail & avocado cut roll with one piece being very spicy.Tabento is my sushi King of the Hill.  I now go to Tabento whenever I eat new sushi that is unsatisfying... just to feel complete again.  ^-^
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2007,2/22/2007,171,253,2,7,4>Man, everytime I think of a place to review my hubby has already done a review, damn him!   haha j/kOf all Boba places this joint is my favorite.  There are tons of Tapioca Express' all over the place, but this one makes their drinks the best.  I think because it's owned by two really nice ladies, who really care about their service and quality.  They use fresh fruit and not artificial stuff.  I only like to get the Strawberry Banana Snow bubble with Boba from here, because every other place I've ordered it from it has some artficial strawberry syrup and artificial banana flavoring.  blech!!  I hate artifical banana flavor.  Yeckhhh!   This one actually tastes like a smoothie with real fruit.  I love that.  Their boba is always cooked to perfection also.  I hate undercooked or overcooked boba all chewy and barely able to be choked down, or so soft it's mushy.  If you are ever in town, go to this Tapioca Express, they make theirs the best and their service is impeccable.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,2/21/2007,94,229,2,6,6>Trader Joe's is awesomley awesome.So for a while, I had decided, maybe I'll try to go grocery shopping intead of eating out all the time. I planned on going to food-for less and ralphs... But everytime I shopped there I ended up with a bunch of ready pack lettuce bags that deteriorated in my fridge and I never ate them. If I bought something that required cooking is was never cooked. So I still ended up eating out.Before, I had shopped at trader joe's enough to know that they had really good groceries there... But for some reason I told myself it was expensive.Again, last week i decided, "Okay, I'm going to try the grocery thing again." I decided to go to trader joe's because they have really good already prepared food. I figured, if I do happen to spend a little more here than I would at Ralph's or Food-4-Less it would be worth it because I would probably be more likely to eat it and not have to go out to eat cuz I ended up not liking what I bought.During this last visit, I bought taziki dip; hummus; antipasto salad with mozerella cheese, bell peppers, & asparagus; frozen greens, bell peppers, and asparagus; pre marinated pollo asado; fire roasted guacamole; tri tip asado; frozen chicken chili verde; eggs; egg whites, and korean style beef bulgogi, among other things. Guarunteed you can buy frozen veggies at ralphs and food-4-less, but I have never seen beef bulgogi or taziki dip there. Why go to 2 different places when all you want is in one? Every single item ranges from pretty good to decent. The veggies are decent in regards to a rating of taste... the prepared meats as well  the dips i bought were pretty good. Not as good as some of the places I go out to eat, but good enough to eat at home.I spent probably about $120 with whatever I bought... THe listed above were the main things I have been eating latley.I'm pretty lazy when it comes to cooking. WHen I'm hungry I want to eat when I'm hungry, not an hour later. So buying these pre-marinated meats, and frozen vegetables was really convenient. Everything is so easy with the george foreman grill and even easier with the pre-marinated meat so a lazy person like me doesn't have to do much. And all I had to do with frozen veggies is defrost them and cook them however I feel like... usually grilled- which doesn't take that much time. AND the veggies don't go bad like the stupid ready packs I've bought a million times and always end up letting them rott. So to make a meal it takes about 5-15 minutes. I can wait that long...It's been about a week since I went grocery shopping there. I still have plenty of food, proably enough to last me 2 more weeks at the least, maybe even longer.If I went out to eat every day for a week, I would probably end up spending $7-$20 bucks, the mid-range being about $13-$14 ...  $14 a day multiplied by 7= $98 for one week plus cash spent for my rotting groceries from Ralphs and Food-4-Less- maybe $80-$90..., more or less... SPent $120 at trader joes... Food that will last for probably 3-4 weeks. Say it lasts for 4 weeks... THat's $30 a week instead of probably over $100 a week. Actually, it would be more because of the rotting groceries that I had bought.Look what ends up being cheaper in the end. I'm telling you, Trader Joes is so worth it. THe next time I go out to eat, it's going to be on a date so no money loss from that! Yay!Trader Joe's is excellent.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2007,2/20/2007,129,325,,10,5>Nused Books is exactly like the title suggests: it's what you'd get if you crossed a used book store with a new book store.  They buy all their books wholesale or something, so you can't sell your books here.  On the plus side, the books are in better condition than actual used books, and their selection is much better, at least when it comes to contemporary fiction.  You won't find a million dog-eared copies of the same book you don't want to read clogging the shelves.  It looks just like the fiction section at Borders, only the organization is a bit... off.  (I think they're *mostly* alphabetized, but every time I thought I had the hang of it, I'd find a bunch more books that seemed to be out of place.)  The musty smell is straight out of a regular used book store, though.  Oddly, I think the prices here are better than a traditional used book store, or at least comparable.  Most paperback novels seem to be in the $1-$2 range.  Also, I thought this was really neat - everything's priced so that with tax, the total is completely even.  My $1.95 book with tax cost exactly $2.  I thought that was a nice touch.I kind of waffled between three and four stars for this place because aside from fiction, I don't think their selection is all that great.  On the other hand, I didn't spend all that much time browsing the non-fiction area of the store, so I'll be generous and go with four stars since I might have missed something.  Bottom line: your mileage may vary, depending on your taste in reading material.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2007,2/17/2007,4939,820,7,8,9>Other than the nice, clean layout of the store, mango soda, awesome turkey-stuffing-cranberry sandwiches and the pocky for men, my favorite thing about Famima is saying the name.The boy and I have taken to saying the name like we're a distressed anime character, with fist in the air and tears (is it tears or sweat with anime characters?) coming out of the sides of our faces: FAMIMAAAAA!!However, I was pronouncing/shouting it "Fah-mee-mah," but I recently heard a clerk there refer to it as "Fuh-mee-ma" - much shorter and not nearly as much fun to say anime/Hiro Nakamura style.  Anyhow, I rarely get out of here spending less than $15 because there's always something else I've got to have.Thumbs Up:-Not your typical convenience store fare - mmm....kettle chips.-Too much fun to say, even if I am pronouncing it wrong, but I really don't think I am.-Very clean.-Nice service.-Pancake wrapped chocolate covered bananas.Thumbs Down:-A bit pricier than a typical convenience store.  Especially if you're going to get a diet coke - be prepared to spend closer to $2 on one than $1. -All of the food is cold, which works on some things like sushi and sandwiches, but not on others - namely tempura.  Soggy tempura.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,2/15/2007,0,0,4,6,7>What a beautiful day in the big OC, but damn it was cold.  My husband, Mike, and I wussed out of riding the motorcycles up PCH for lunch and decided to take the new Mustang out for a spin.  We decided to go to the Crystal Cove promenade.  I thought it would be fun to let the 'stang loose around that open stretch of road between Laguna and Corona Del Mar.  After letting the "boy" and his Mustang run PCH, we pulled into the Crystal Cove Promenade to sniff out some lunch.  Some of the restaurants looked "high-end."  We weren't in the mood for that kind of dining.  We found a nice little caf called "Pacific Whey Caf," which advertised, "Made from scratch, everything ...everyday."  This was one of those restaurants where you ordered your food at the front counter and they brought it to you.   I don't do too well with the large behind the counter menus.  We were next in line and I still didn't know what to order.  I saw today's special, traditional lasagna or spinach and artichoke lasagna.  I ordered one of each.  We grabbed some plastic forks and napkins and took a seat by the window.  "Blinded by the Light," came to mind as soon as we sat down.  The window was tinted but not enough.  They really needed of those shear sunblinds that keeps the sun out, but allows you to enjoy the beautiful ocean view.  We thought about moving, but all the other tables were taken.As we were waiting for our food to come, I found a take-out menu.  Damn, they serve breakfast all day.  The breakfasts all looked wonderful.  I liked the Breakfast 101 that allowed you to build your own omelette, scramble, quesadilla or burrito.  Gotta come back on a breakfast Harley ride.Our lasagna finally arrived.  It was served in an aluminum style container, on a paper plate.  I guess we were eating high-end after all...high-end fast food.  Both lasagnas were wonderful.  Mike said his could have been a little warmer.  I agreed, mine was cold at the bottom, but it was so tasty that I could overlook it.  Pacific Whey Caf also has a bakery.  I decided to tease myself and look at the desserts. WOW!  They had crme brulee bread pudding and cinnamon custard Danish that looked absolutely sinful.  That was when I was them, dozens of them, in different delectable varieties...cookies.  My big down fall.  My crack.  They had an oatmeal cherry toffee that got me jonseing in a big way.  I was strong though.  I haven't had a cookie, cake, ice cream etc. since I was told that I was a diabetic in the making.  If I could control myself, I would have had one, but I have no control where cookies are involved.  Mike bought an oatmeal raisin, which he said was very good.We'll definitely come back.  The food was really good.  So good in fact that I could over look the paper plates.   I read Royce R.'s review and lucked out  as far as the long line.  We were there after 2pm, which is after the lunch crowd.  Maybe if the line had been longer, I would have had time to read the menu and notice the breakfast menu.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2007,2/14/2007,269,1319,,6,8>We played hooky from our booth duties this past weekend by hopping on the free shuttle across the street from the convention center and hitching a ride to the Queen Mary.  We had a coupon for half price admission out of one of those free tourist books.  It was a good thing too because I don't think there was any way I would pay $24 for a self-guided walking tour but $12, seemed semi-reasonable.  As we walked toward the Queen Mary, it felt like a neglected small theme park that had all of these facades of carnival food stations that were in disrepair or deserted.  We walked right by the ticket booth because it looked uninhabited.When we tried to enter the ship, the gatekeeper informed us that we needed to make our way back to the ticket booth to buy our tickets before we could enter.  They try to sell you on the guided tour and some haunted package but we went with the coupon we had.  The walking tour was actually a lot more enjoyable than I thought it would be.  They have all of these huge ships in scaled down models that are cut in half so you can see the cross section and all of the living quarters for the First Class on down to the crew quarters.The preserved rooms where the captain and his lackeys used to live were very interesting.  I actually enjoyed just about every nook and cranny we peered into.If you are in Long Beach for a convention, I suggest taking an afternoon stroll on the Queen Mary.  You might even want to have a drink in the cool bar all gussied up in 1920-ish decor.  They even had a live band when we were there.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2006,2/13/2007,221,281,4,10,10>I had my very first Korean BBQ experience today and I shared it with the one and only Mr. Lee. I actually consider myself lucky, because I don't think anybody at this restaurant spoke any English, and I brought one of my coworkers with me who speaks fluent Korean, so that was a huge help.So for those of you not well versed in the Korean BBQ tradition (like me, till today), they bring you a big plate o' cow (and pork bellies too if you want) and lots of little sides. There's a grill in the middle of the table and you cook up your food right there. Lot's of fun for the whole family. The meat is paper-thin sliced beef, and it comes piled high on a plate in all these little rolls. You can also get pork bellies, which is sort of like bacon, but it's not salt cured, so it doesn't have quite the same flavor, but it's still really good. The sides are vast and varied. Let's see. There was a potato salad, a pickled cabbage, actual pickle things, a seaweed salad, some sort of fishy potato thing (didn't like that one), fermented bean paste, huge radish slices, and rice cakes (not the ones you're thinking of). There might have been more. Can't remember. It all tasted great. Nothing too foreign to the pallet. Oh! And they give you two little dishes of raw garlic cloves. Before you start cooking the meat, you dump the garlic onto the grill to sort of season it, and by the time the meal is almost done, you have sweet, smokey roasted garlic. Once the meat is cooked, you take a rice cake and a piece of the radish and put some meat on top and hot sauce if you like and voila! We went thru three plates of meat for 4 people, and I was stuffed.The best part? $10 All you can eat. They'll just keep bringing you plates of meat till you tell them to stop. I took one star off for the service and the atmosphere. My Korean friend litterally had to yell over to the women to get them bring us more food (which he said is what you're supposed to do, but still), and the place just isn't pretty. But I would go back in a heartbeat.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2006,2/12/2007,469,413,2,13,12>So far, my very favorite Coffee Shop close to the Belmont Shore area- too bad is a bit out of my way to work in the morning... DARN!Their Mexican moka is nothing less than TO DIE FOR! It is made with amazing real chocolate, imported (legally) from Oaxaca  (during peaceful times) or other places in Mexico (when there is unrest in Oaxaca...).Take it to go, or drink your aromatic coffee in a real porcelain cup at the coffee shop / gallery, immersed in an artistic atmosphere. Converse with the lovely owner of the gallery, who will explain the art in a patient and uplifting manner. Close your eyes, feel the powerful but gentle embrace of coffee and chocolate aromas intertwined.A few words about the process of coffee making. Unlike at Starbucks, here I didn't see any of those huge murky nasty-looking plastic tubes full of ready-made caramel or chocolate essence (with added preservatives and colourisers). A bit different experience... Starbucks always get their ingredients in depressingly ugly non-recyclable plastic tubes... Shame on them- we are human beings, what about our dignity?Visiting Viento Y Agua is a revelation. You suddenly understand what you have been missing all these years- each and every time you went to the cruel corporate business, instead of supporting the caring, meticulously detailed, unique small merchants in your neighborhood. There is a lot of beauty in vulnerability.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,2/11/2007,0,0,2,3,1>Five-minus stars for gorging oneself with a view.  I went here for a friend's birthday, and it was in the late afternoon and the sun was setting on the marina... I would like to inform you that you should either be outside or near the windows, because it's a heck of a view.  Unfortunately, it was a huge party and our food didn't get to us until it was dark, but the wait was definitely worth it.  If your idea of good seafood involves caviar served atop chopped raw, fatty tuna (that's actually me), then you just might want to check this place out to see how different it is and how hearty seafood can be.  The servers came with giant metal bowls stuffed with possibly the most heavenly amalgamation of snow crab, dungeness crab, mussels, clams, andouille sausage, redskin-on potatoes, and corn on the cob, sprinkled liberally with Louisiana spices.  Of course the manner in which this is served is the reason why this establishment is famous.  You would think the aforementioned "heavenly amalgamation" would have some sort of presentation fit for kings, with the crab in the center of the platter with the corn and potatoes forming a circle around the crab, and finally the mussels circumventing the entire dish itself.  Yeah, not really.  They dump the entire bowl's contents onto your serving area (which was suspiciously lined beforehand with butcher paper).  Requests for forks and knives were met with utterly patronizing gazes of derision.  OK, just kidding.  I'm pretty sure they'd get you one, but I suggest you use your hands.  Now, in the most literal sense, dig in.  Not a huge fan of mussels but if you like them, according to my friend, who really likes mussels, they're really good.  I traded all of mine for his corn on the cob.  Yeah, seriously.  I only got to taste a little bit of the andouille sausage because the birthday boy was still within arm's reach of all my food and he ended up taking most of what was in the pile, and that was some definitely good sausage.  The corn and potatoes are nothing special, I ate a lot of them because I got everyone's leftovers.  Now, there's a small quandary here about the clam.  The inclusion of clam in any shape or form requires another $5-10.  If you really like clam, apparently the clam is "just OK", so you can try if you would like.  If you're not a huge clam fan, I would suggest you pass because the bowl will be packed full with more of the other stuff (mussels, sausage, corn, potatoes) and less clam.  Now on top of all this is the crab.  This crab is worthy to back up the name of the restaurant (unlike... SEE: Joe's Crab Shack).  Absolutely delicious, the meat was subtly spiced by the Louisiana spices that helped to further distinguish the flavors, and was not overbearing.  If the kleptomaniac birthday boy had laid a finger on any of this crab, I would have to wrap my messy, crab stained fingers around his neck.  Luckily, this wasn't this case as there is plenty of crab for everyone.  This restaurant initially had four and a half stars, but I changed it to a 5 minus because my request is a little far-fetched... The problem with eating like a voracious carnivore at this place is that eating like a voracious carnivore is encouraged.  Absolutely unbridled barbarism abounds, and normally things that would get you shot or uninvited from my dinner group forever, namely eating with one's hands, stealing each other's food (when you all have the same thing), and messing up everything and everyone next to you trying to find the prized meat, is marginalized.  Of course, this is part of the establishment's charm and gimmick, but if possible, I would like the waitresses to install a shocking device on every patron's neck, and place infrared sensors in between dining placements, so that every time a single dining placement is breached by an unfriendly party, the shocking device would go off and teach those thieving bastards a lesson.  Of course maybe that's asking a tad too much, so guard your ground, and make sure (unless you're forbidden to eat pork) to guard your sausage. The environment definitely isn't anything special, but if you have a view of the marina, especially at sunset, it's something along the lines of having a complimentary bottle of Moet et Chandon on your table and then requesting that it be replaced with Korbel and that you be charged.  Again, that was an analogy and  there is no free Moet et Chandon, although there is a wine list.  I don't believe they let you bring outside wine, I would call in to see.Parking is in the front.Dress code is most definitely casual, and I would suggest you wear something you don't mind getting dirty.  Good luck, happy eating!RotD: 2.11.2007, Thank you all for your support!!!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2007,2/10/2007,318,98,7,6,6>I HATE THIS PLACE!!According the the race report/sheet, i am among the SLOWEST EVER at this place...goodnessOh well, i know im the coolest cat in the house tho.  I have my own shiny new helmet and have a swagger like i know whats up...then comes times to race.... :*(In all honesty, i dont care how slow i am anymore, this place is a fun place to go with friends for a bit of competition and trash talking(too bad i never partake in that portion of the night).
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2007,9/25/2007,233,212,10,14,13>**100th Review**I've been mulling this review over for a week now, and felt it appropriate to award the 100th to Frenchy's.Our dinner here last weekend came as close to perfect as a meal can.  It was my husband's 40th (he's terribly old, you know,) and they took really good care of us, not that there was really any recognition by the restaurant that it was a special occasion, which leads me to believe they're great like that all the time.It was our second time eating here, but before we'd come with some new friends, and the meal was very much about getting to know them and less about ambiance and food.Here are a few observations and recommendations:1 - I was in the mood for lamb, and there are 2 choices on the menu. When I wasn't sure which one to pick (the rack of lamb or the braised lamb shank provencale,) the server was able to give me a good description of the two and how they differed.  I went with the rack of lamb, which was just exquisite, and my husband ordered the crispy duck.2 - We preceded the meal with 2 different salads, me with the Belgian endive salad, he with the goat cheese. We also had the escargot -- fantastic with plenty of their bread to soak up the garlic butter that remains.3 - I recommend a half bottle of wine to share between 2 if a) you have to drive home and b) you have to be coherent enough to put your kids to bed when you get home and c) you're kind of a light-weight since you haven't been out drinking heavily in ages.  We had the Au Bon Climat half bottle which was the perfect amount -- just about a glass and a half or a little more per person.4 - Fantastic service; attentive, helpful and very, what Eddie Izzard would refer to affectionately as "you know, Fucking French."5 - Be sure you get the order in for that souffle (ours was hot, melty chocolate...oh...sorry) before you order. It's worth it.6 - Take your time here; sit, relax and enjoy the cozy ambiance, warm service and terrific food. An absolutely perfect place for a romantic evening for 2, impressing out-of-towners or heading over with a good group of Yelpers and/or friends.C'est magnifique! Enjoy. P.S. - Corkage is $15. I'd heard before we went that it was $20...
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2007,9/24/2007,475,510,14,10,14>let heavenly choirs sing in unison as i write this review!wait, no. never mind. they will tip me off to everyone who thinks i am working right now. i mean, taking a break right now. ahem.this location is between the kempo dojo and my home. it's a lifesaver. sometimes workouts at the dojo are so rigourous and the sparring sessions so draining, that i feel i am not going to be able to make it home without liquid recharge.this places provides me with all the gatorade, powerade and lemonade i need.in addition, it's a great middle of the night munchy run enabler. you know what i am talking about. ice cream crave? rice pudding crave? chocolate milk crave? slurpee crave? -insert your snack of choice- crave? this place has it 24 hours a day. how much more sweet does it get? seriously?now if we can only get louie anderson to start doing those silly 7-eleven commercials again. oh, louie.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,9/23/2007,47,21,7,14,11>Finding a non painful dentist doesn't exist, but Dr. Collins is the closest to one you can find.  I have been visiting her office for the past 2 weeks and I've expected to be in more pain than ever.  She's cleaned, scrapped, drilled, and even extracted one of them.  All this time I've been afraid of the dentist for nothing.  I'm not saying it doesn't hurt, but it's not that bad as how I remember it.  She and her staff are very friendly, energetic, and knowledgeable.  The view of the man-made pond with ducks and turtles while sitting in the chair makes me feel at ease.   So when you start feeling pain....it's time to see the dentist.  Check her office out!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,9/22/2007,127,162,7,12,9>Zov's is a mystery to me. I don't understand why their desserts are so good, but their food is so blah. Their "lamejuhn" (flat bread topped with beef, tomatoes, and cheese) was a bland mess. Their "Aram" (roast beef rolled in "cracker bread") just plain sucked. My friend's chicken sandwich looked decent, but she said it was meh. Next time we'll hit Tropika next doors and go straight to dessert. Aaah, dessert!! Zov's, you know the way to this woman's heart. You woo me with dessert and keep me coming back for more. More, more, more!!The lowdown on the desserts I've tried:Red Velvet Cupcake: Put "red velvet" in front of anything and it just tastes better...just my opinion. Now this version is decent. The cupcake is a tad on the dry side, but the cream cheese frosting is delicious. Key Lime Tart: I'm not a big fan of key lime pie, but this was damn good. The creamy key lime has the right combination of tart and sweet. The trio of meringue cones do look like nipples (see Vincent T's review). Fruit Tart: Most fruit tarts tend to be deceptive in that they look better than they taste. Zov's fruit tart was good but not great. Tasty with fresh fruit on top of a light cream. Lemon Cheesecake: It wasn't the best cheesecake I've ever had. I'd rather stick with the other stuff. Lemon Bar: Tart and tangy...just the way a lemon bar should be. Chocolate Mocha Pyramid: Imagine a pyramid of chocolate mousse with a mocha pudding-like center. This sits on top of a  thin, moist layer of chocolate cake, and the entire thing has a soft chocolate coating. Plus there are espresso beans on the bottom. Sinfully delicious. I'm in lust. Chiffon Cake: Light chiffon cake layed with strawberry mousse. Creamy, delicate mousse flecked with tiny strawberry pieces. The cake is surrounded by a thin wall of white chocolate and topped with white chocolate shavings. I dream of this chiffon cake. Chocolate Bomb: Simply orgasmic. Chocolate mousse with a creme brulee center and covered with chocolate. After one bite, I have to resist the urge to roll around on the floor with glee. Words can't really describe how good this is. I shall return to try their other desserts. I have my eye on the Chocolate Strawberry Tart and the Flourless Chocolate Cake. Zov's, I'm in love. Your food sucks, but your desserts make up for everything.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2007,9/21/2007,0,0,13,13,14>I had the Linguine Diablo, which comes with Mussels, Scallops, and Shrimp in a spicy tomato based sauce.  It was good.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2007,9/20/2007,427,582,15,11,12>Sprechen zie deutsch? I don't, but the main guy behind the counter of this place does! My German is the 'wurst'... nyuk, nyuk, nyuk...Imagine my amazement the other day when a woman pops in and busts out the German in this place and they guy behind the counter answers back in his native tongue! I knew then that this place meant business. Anyway, I got up the courage to finally check this place out ever since Anita's review last month. I mean, I drive by this place almost every day, but haven't stepped inside for over a year. Now Anita beats me to it? I'm pathetic...Well, this place is in the same shopping center as a Wienerschnitzel on the north side of Chapman (off the 55) heading east. I figure this must be Orange's version of Germantown or something: Mattern Deli and Wienerschnitzel. How weird is this to have a hardcore German deli such as Mattern share the same parking lot as America's bastardization of German cuisine (btw, Wienerschnitzel (the food chain) ironically doesn't even serve Wiener schnitzel (the Viennese dish) in its restaurants! WTF?!)?Again, I digress. Mattern is the real deal. They serve up sausages, deli meats, cheeses, and even German beer in this place. It also has a small portion of the front room set up as a store front for all sorts of imported products (supermarket type products). The main draw for me on my last visit was their sandwiches. I ordered a pastrami on their French loaf (yes, French...the wife doesn't like rye) and a corned beef sandwich on rye. Although I thought both tasted good, the wife didn't like the mustard. She felt it overpowered the sandwich and masked the true pastrami flavor that was trying to reach her tastebuds... umm, okay.Although this place is a hidden gem and serves up some tasty food, I'm docking it one star because the place is crowded as heck during lunch, has a minuscule dining area (about three tables), and has some weird business hours (they're always closed as I drive past on my way home). I dunno, maybe they're clocks are synced up with Germany's time zone...
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2007,9/19/2007,2039,386,2,16,17>The $8.95 lunch buffet special seven days a week at this restaurant on the stretch of Pioneer Blvd. coined Little India, is a tasty value that cannot be beat. The spread is plentiful, fresh (considering it's a buffet), and overall, pretty damn good. Still not quite up to par with Indian in the UK, but by SoCal definition, definitely better than most. After a very educational sari and lengha fitting at Sona Chaandi down the street, it was suggested we grab lunch at this unassuming little mini-mall storefront. It's a small spot that looks a lot like someones grandma's living room, complete with lace curtains and artificial plants everywhere. The only thing missing - plastic on the floral upholstered chairs!They have a full menu, including a decent selection of Indian beer, which is your only option in the evening for dinner, but 11a - 5p, it's allllll about the buffet. The selection changes a bit day to day, but there's always an assortment of samosas, fish and veg pakoras, chana masala, chutneys, raita, dal, tandoori, korma, masala, makhni, palak, paneer, and their special garlic chicken. Warm, fresh naan is brought to the table once you've loaded up your first plate. When you've had enough of the savories, there's a plentiful selection of sweets including rice pudding, gulab jamun, carrot pudding (much better than it sounds!), sweet fruit custard and fresh fruit, accompanied by a stack of little metal bowls for sampling everything on the line. Food aside, four servers are constantly bustling around, yet it's still be a bit of an effort to get one's attention when you need it. Thankfully, you'll be in such a food coma, you won't really care.Tip - If the few spaces in the front are full, pull around to the back where there's additional parking. If you're in the market for threading, bindhis or mendhi (henna), head upstairs to Ziba Beauty in the same complex. It's one of the best beauty shops in Little India.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,9/18/2007,171,253,11,8,10>Ok, my husband always beats me to all the reviews because he HOGS (oink oink) the computer so I usually feel redundant and don't feel like reviewing a place after he's done it already.  But I Liked this place so much, I thought I had to write one for it.  The place is adorable to begin with, with a cute monkey door mat at the very front of the store, and the hard wood floors and the attractive lighting.  Everything is colorful and pretty.  The first things I see, that catch my eye is the Harajuku Lovers children's line.  Adorable!!  I don't even know what I'm having (boy or girl), but I had to buy something regardless of that fact.  I first found this adorable racerback tank top with cute little Geisha girls on it and cherry blossoms, I wish they had it in adult sizes too.  Then I saw these onesies that were so colorful and retro looking, also from Harajuku Lovers and bought that because it seemed to be unisex enough.  Blue with all kinds of bright colors of food and words.  My kid will be styling and he/she isn't even born yet.  I have to admit the stuff isn't cheap, but I couldn't resist.  It's basically a kid's boutique with name brand clothing.  They did have quite a few stuffed animals, books, blankies etc to choose from too.  Overall I love this store for all it has to offer, but I must admit this place is a once in a blue moon kind of place otherwise your kid will look fabulous and you will be broke.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2007,9/16/2007,2674,672,10,12,11>Closed on Wednesday? Hmm, okay, I can work around that. Ignoring the ubiquitous odor of urine and the stains lining the walls as you approach the front door, this place really takes a personal interest in my little personal interest...my min-pin, Palito. Min-Pins are called the "King of Toys" and he knows it. He expects  royal treatment and they all love him and dote over him every time I come in. He's gotten his regular check-ups, shots and other procedures to keep him healthy and fit here. The doctor will make quick eye-contact with me, throw me a smile and then immediately turn her attention to my little man. It is not an assembly-line operation in this multi-purpose hospital and I know this place is good because, having boarded him here several times, when I come to pick him up, he doesn't want to leave his new friends, even some 10 times his size. He fears nada.Prices are comparable to other places but, if you appreciate a doting vet, as I do, and you don't mind the smell on approach (hell, it's an animal house!), then Bellflower Vet Hospital gets my recommendation. And even though it's a little further away from closer vets, it's worth it. You love your pet, don't you? Oh yes you do. Oh yes you do. If not, Michael Vick will know what to do with it.I'm giving them 3-Stars now because they re-did the inside and it sucks. I felt cramped and uncomfortable...even though my doggy didn't mind. He'd probably keep them at 4. Oh well, I have better taste than him...he'll eat anything.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2007,9/15/2007,210,232,7,15,14>i'm actually yelping this review from the free wi-fi at whole foods, how cool is that..whole foods actually fills a void that the irvine/tustin area really lacked.. a true gourmet market (closer than the bristol farms in newport and the long departed whole foods in costa mesa). unlike most of the redundant outlets in the district (who needs another chain like lowes/costco/target/tjmaxx/petsmart/office depot/panera bread?), whole foods has been anxiously anticipated. walking into this ginormous market is like stepping into a small city, with more patrons than most small, third-world countries. i originally went there for some cool a/c, wi-fi and some ciao bella gelato but got distracted by the wealth of foodstuffs. it's enough to make any foodie or home gourmand wide-eyed and googley. i managed to pass the gelato case, imported truffles, scrumptious pastries, fresh baked bread, olive and feta bar before being stopped dead in my tracks at the wine bar. i pulled up a seat to the counter and indulged on a fairly generous plate of spanish cheeses (drunken goat, cordobes, 12 month aged manchego, mahon, with a nice bit of membrillo - quince jelly) well paired with a sumptuous, earthy, and fruit-intense 5 oz. glass of hitching post pinot noir highliner. i can see this place putting a sizeable dent and bulge, in my wallet and stomach respectively. (note: the wine bar will host wine tastings from 4-5:30 on fri-sun evenings with a $10 fee) a full belly later, i finished my exploration of the store, past the vast array of organic produce, meats and fresh seafood (and even a tea bar). this flagship store easily exceed my expectations, and it's a no-brainer to see why it took so long for it to open. i will definitely be a frequent customer, even if it takes a second job to afford it.UPDATE: minutes after the review i returned with a friend to sample more wine and cheese: this time a crisp babcock chardonnay and a selection of french stinkies (bucheron, fourme d'ambert, morbier, comte, brillat savarin).. mmm :)
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,4/29/2011,11,185,9,12,12>Love at first sight.On a cold, rainy Saturday morning, I walked into The Lost Bean in search of something to warm my bones.  I found myself transported by the twinkling, soft lights, the comfy couches, the wood tables, the beautiful house coffees and teas and ceramics lining the shelves, and, surprisingly, with all the rain outside and such a tight space, a real sense of peace and quiet.  Being inside The Lost Bean is everything a coffee shop *should* feel like.  I just wanted to plop down and read a good book or stare out at the gloom with a cup of tea in my hand.The staff is very relaxed and friendly.  I didn't try anything aside from a hazelnut latte, which was really nice without being overly sweet, but they do have a good selection of breakfast items along with soups and panini for lunch.  Apparently, they just opened up a wine bar too.  Inneresting.Their focus on sustainability, no-waste, environmental issues and community involvement is also noticeable - and commendable.I'll be back this weekend.P.S.  Parking can be a bit hairy in this center the later in the morning it gets, so be prepared.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,4/28/2011,1010,796,7,8,7>Wildfish has totally swept me off my feet and me likes the feeling! I love all types of seafood. I don't discriminate. I appreciate. I don't normally go to an American restaurant for seafood but I decided to give this place a shot since it was OC Restaurant Week. Wildfish Seafood is located in a very busy plaza with shared parking. I read the reviews so I was prepared to potentially valet. Lucky me went down the first row and found a spot literally right behind valet! We were running pretty late and missed our reservation but the lovely hostess let us keep it anyway and sat us at our table within minutes of getting there.I started off with the lobster bisque. The bisque itself was creamy and thick. It was perfectly flavored and the texture felt like creamy butter. It served as a nice base for the nice juicy piece of lobster I got. The lobster was an impressionable size. It tasted very fresh. I also got a raspberry lemon drop which got me buzzed after the 2nd sip. I don't know why I continue to get martinis when I clearly know how strong they are! My 2nd course of choice was the steelhead trout. It looks like salmon and it sort of tastes like salmon but it's trout! It shares the same orangey color like the salmon and it did somewhat have a hint of the salmon flavor but I think if I'd have to pick between the two, I'd make no hesitation and pick the steelhead trout. The fish was like melt in your mouth butter. I love how they dressed up the trout with some spicy oregano. I was a little hesitant in ordering it because it was served with lemon and olive oil but the waiter said the lemon wouldn't overpower the flavor of the fish. He definitely hit it right on the nail because I couldn't taste much of the lemon. I ended dinner with a bowl of fresh berries topped with whipped cream. The berries were definitely top quality. I carefully examined each of them before I ate it and I didn't see any bruising or dried up brown spots. I probably could've done without the whipped cream but I could see why they added it. Some of the berries had a bit of tang but I enjoyed the sweet and sour all at once.They supposedly have a really good Happy Hour because the bar was continuously packed the entire 3 hours we were there. As we were leaving people were still coming in. I was kind of annoyed when our waiter assumed the change from the bill was his tip. We were expecting him to give it back to us but he simply came back with the receipt and wished a good night. Darn you for leaving a bad taste in my mouth with that guy! You're lucky the food is good. I probably wouldn't ever come back if it wasn't.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,4/27/2011,295,170,18,26,25>Pssstttt. I have a secret. If you want the most extravagant, amazing, refreshing foodie experience you'll ever have, drop what you're doing now and head over to Sol de Sur. This place is not for everyone (i.e. picky eaters). If you shy away from the ordinary, than you are not ready for this extraordinary place. Seriously. This place is such a find! I'm so glad that my friend John Y. recommended this place to me. An experience that will offer you impeccable culinary tastes with a spice of inventiveness's and new ingredients- this place will leave you hungering for more. With walls that are painted with a nacho cheese color paired with dimmed lighting and rustic decor, you can't go wrong if you want to go for something romantic. Or even just for a new experience. Since this place is known for their exquisiteness and original & contemporary outlook on food, whereby the chef is tickled with the culinary arts of fine food, taste and presentation, you will be impressed by his dedication at educating you with his plethora of knowledge and sense of inventiveness. I always appreciate it when the owners take the time to not only know and master their arts, but also connect with their clientele on a personal basis. The chef is such a sweetheart. I decided to order tapas since I wanted to sample a little of everything. Here are Tiffany's Picks:1) Lamb'sycles : This reminded me of a Mediterranean yakitori with amazinggg flavors. Seriously. 2) Kalamata (Manchengo Cheese, Kalamata Jam and peppers on toast): O my goodness gracious. This tapas was off the hook! I've never tasted such a balanced combination of flavors. The sharpness of the cheese mysteriously blended with harmonious flavors with the sweetness of the jam infused with slight olive flavors and peppers whereby the toast tied all the sweet and salty flavors together. I LOVEEED the Kalamata Jam. This jam makes your eyes pop out and just say " O MAN. This is good stuff!"3) Kofta (Chickpeas and Lamb Meatballs): If you like Ikea Swedish meatballs, I bet you'll like this even more. 4) BLT: Pork belly?! Who doesn't like tender, fatty , buttery flavors? Man. If it weren't for the health precautions, I would eat this everyday.5) Citrus Caviar: O my. My senses were tickled with flavors after my first bite of the Citrus Caviar. Two large circular red beets sandwiched between a thin layer of goat cheese with Australian Finger Limes sprinkled across the dish. The sweetness of the beets complimented perfectly with the strong essence of the goat cheese. BUT WAIT. You CAN'T forget the awesome Australian Finger Limes! Such a peculiar ingredient that originates from Australia and is a pod like vesicle that can be found in the subtropical rain forest. Dude. These.are.the. shizzles. The chef basically scrapes the caviar of this wonderful fruit, which tastes very much like small beads (slightly larger than shrimp eggs) that burst with citrus flavors upon each bite. I love the texture of these small bead balls. They add such an interesting surprise with each bite.6) Radish Two Ways: You have to eat this to experience it. This was probably the most unusual, yet refreshing dish I've ever had in my life. Think about it. Here's a tip on you should eat this: Take the toast, spread the powdered butter and radish gelee on the bread and top it off with a slice of radish. Ta DA! As for the wine, superb! My new all time favorite is now officially the Malbec- Bianchi. Now please do yourself a favor and ditch the overly franchised Ruth's Chris or Roy's and try something completely new. Get your patootie here ASAP! I'm just sad that this little place of a gem doesn't get more recognition than it should.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,4/26/2011,361,173,7,12,11>Bruxie does breakfast right. I fiinally made it out here for breakfast bliss- so unbelievably good. I got the Bacon, Egg and Cheddar waffle (includes a light spread of mayo) and added avocado into the mix. I almost died after the first bite... yes, it was THAT good. The egg was cooked to perfection, the cheddar was cheesy and let's face it people... EVERYTHING'S better with bacon not to mention the amazing addition of a ripe, California grown, avocado.  If you haven't been here yet... make it happen and be ready to have a life changing food experience paired with fantastic customer service and plenty of street parking.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,4/25/2011,283,393,13,12,12>The Good:  Good food, cheap prices, and some of the hottest servers this side of town.  They have 3 sections and each section has a sign-in board, make sure you sign the right one.  Last week was a very cold and windy morning, I signed up in to outside back patio....bad call.  I then went inside and signed up for the inside.  The inside is tiny and the tables are pretty close together.The Bad:  The lines.  This place is packed so get there early, sign in and then sit back and relax.The Ben:  On a warm sunny day this is the place to grab some bfast and take in the sights.  The servers are very cute but I expect that everywhere when I'm in downtown HB.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,4/24/2011,132,315,18,35,15>"You took the bus to Vegas??  Ghetto!"Nope.The Lux Bus is actually pretty rad.---------------Here are all the facts, and answers to the questions that I got from my friends about the LB:----------------  The seats are pretty comfy, and recline quite a bit.-  They play 1 movie on multiple screens, each way.-  Wifi is available.  This rules.  I brought my laptop and got a ton of work done on the way up.  I love multitasking, especially when one of the tasks is traveling to Vegas!  Unfortunately, the connection was very bad on the way back.  :(-  Electrical outlets are available to charge your laptop, phone, etc.-  The bus driver hauls ass, but I never felt unsafe or got motion sickness.  Whenever I looked up, he was maneuvering around the road to pass other buses, trucks, or even cars!-  There is ONE stop.  Barstow.  You have 20 minutes to use the restroom and buy food to bring back to the bus.  They don't mess around.-  Unless you request more, you'll be served 2 drinks and a snack each way.  They have coke, sprite, water, beer (Bud Light) and wine.  The attendant lady on the way up didn't advertise the booze.  She may have been saving it for herself.-  If you get the Russian attendant lady on your trip, enjoy her cheesy jokes & thick accent!  She's pretty damn funny.-  The crowd who takes the bus to Vegas is all over the place.  This isn't a bad thing.  Don't expect to party the whole way with a bunch of kids, but don't think everyone is going to be 90 either.-  On my trip to/from, there were at least a handful of seats available.  It wasn't packed, but also not empty.-  Your big luggage will be put in a compartment under the bus.  There's also overhead carry on compartments inside available.---------------Tips:----------------  Get your Anaheim Garden Walk parking validated by LB.  Your parking will be $5 per day instead of $24.-  You'll have a few choices on where you'd like to get dropped off/picked up in Vegas.  Choose Harrahs.  You'll have direct access to the Monorail (if that helps get you directly to your hotel, MGM in my case) - lvmonorail.com.  Also, you'll be picked up first when you leave.  This means you'll have first dibs on seating to go home over the Flamingo people who will be picked up second.-  If you tend to get motion sickness, try poppin' a Bonine - bonine.com.---------------Yes, I know Jet Blue and Southwest come down to as low as $39 all the time to go to/from Vegas, but you won't get that price on a weekend.  Lux Bus is comparable to the cost of driving, plus no wear & tear on your car (or rental cost), AND you can sit back and relax/work/sleep.I tried Lux Bus out with a Groupon discount, but I'd definitely travel with them again at the regular/full price!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,4/22/2011,291,119,9,14,10>Tucked away in the attic, then brought out later to reminisce the past, is the feel good joy Vietnam's Pearl illuminates.  When it comes to pearls, no one wears them anymore since it's old-fashioned.  Staying true to the fact, this restaurant is located in an old, runned-down mini business strip that is tumbleweed barren, but once you enter, you're warmly greeted by a nice gentleman who is the owner's son.  He isn't your typical Vietnamese waiter that stands next to you waiting for you to order before you've had a chance to sit down.  He's a very polite, well mannered individual that thoroughly explains the menu and provides recommendations based off your likes/dislikes.  He makes you feel as if you're dining at a fancy steak house.  Mounted along the walls is a huge lcd tv playing music dvds from Celine Dion, Beyonce, Sade, John Legend, and others.  The walls are filled with artsy colors, pictures of women, and paintings (which are for sale).  It's definitely different and out of the ordinary, nor does it represent the restaurant or even come close to it, but somehow doesn't hurt the business one bit.  You get that hipster vibe of Downtown Santa Ana and the Lab/Camp without the tight jeans and ugly hats.The real reason I enjoy coming here is the food.  The lemon grass chicken is one of my favorites and you can also choose the spice level.  I don't recommend the shrimp as the tail isn't completely removed which makes it a slightly messy dish to eat, plus the helpings aren't as plentiful as the chicken.  I've also had their spring rolls which are neatly cut in half, but just came in average. It's served with their peanut sauce, which was of perfect consistency.  Not too thick, congealed or runny.  They also serve saigonese tacos that were surprisingly tasty and fulfilling.  It isn't pre-filled with any sauce or salsa, making it a good idea so it won't rip the corn tortillas.  Just tasty bbq'd chicken atop fresh pickled daikons, carrots, lettuce, cilantro, and bean sprouts.  Spritz it with a fresh lemon and you're set.  Drizzle some lemon chili fish sauce on top and it's a walking sunshine. They also hold true to the meaning of spicy.  They have 5 under-rated spice levels consisting from 0-no heat, 1-mild, 2-medium, 3-spicy, 4-fire, 5-atomic and let me tell you, compared to how other joints rate their spice, their medium is guaranteed to burn like fire.Some mentioned this as a pho place.  I don't really think it is since they have a limited selection, maybe like 5 different varieties, but rather a balanced Vietnamese restaurant with a simple menu consisting of the more popular dishes.  To me, their pho was missing some of that bam essence, perhaps they're not there for hours boiling bone marrow to achieve that flavor profile, but they make up for it with their vermicelli and rice dishes. What started out as a regular whatever lunch spot to grab near the office, turned out to be one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  Vietnam's Pearl is a true pearl indeed.  One that's lasted for many years and is emerging to be a true beauty.  There's no place like it.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,4/21/2011,302,356,9,15,11>Had a random Friday off which gave me a chance to come here, I've had my eye on the reviews here. Man, should've come sooner! Food roundup:- Chilaquiles: These are a little different as other's said than your usual. It's more cooked together like a enchilada casserole, but not dense, but airy and fluffy. What really makes it is the cream, avocado mousse, eggs (sunny side up for me), and amazing thick sauce on the side of the plate. I was taking every forkful and making sure I got some sauce. Very flavorful with distinct components that all melding to happiness!Lowdown: Perfect trifecta of food, service, and value! Parking can be a pain in front since you have to back out on a busy street. Loved the flavor of the chilaquiles and my dining friend's dish (had a few bites) was tasty as well. The place is super cute and our server was really nice, got plenty of refills on my coffee. Food + coffee + tax + tip = $11! Can't wait to come back with my friends!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,4/18/2011,100,130,14,16,15>THIS PLACE IS HUGE! We decided to get here a little early before a Yelp event to get some food and enjoy happy hour on a Tuesday night. We got here just in time to catch a couple of their happy hour specials. They have happy hour every day from 4-7. If this place was a little bit more convenient for me to get to, I would definitely check it out a couple more times because there are SO many enticing things on the menu that I want to try.We grabbed a couple of seats at the bar, and nearly fell out of them! I had entertainment for the entire half hour we were sitting there because I felt like I was on one of those 4D motion movie seats. You can never go wrong with a nice collection of happy hour food & drink specials. My companion and I opted to order 2 appetizers and our own selection of drinks. For whatever reason I ordered a PBR, a tall can PBR, which came to me in a nice little paper bag. YES, in a restaurant, they give you a paper bag for your tall can so you can avoid the embarrassment of drinking outside your religion. The paper bag was a big hit and fortunately I was allowed to take my tall can along with me to the Yelp event in the other room when it was time to begin.We ordered the Kalua pulled pork sliders and the Chicken soft tacos. The sliders were so sweet, so tangy and super delicious. They were served on hawaiian rolls and appropriately topped with a a yummy sauce and coleslaw which had me wishing there were 4 sliders on the plate instead of 3. The chicken soft tacos were... good. A little too spicy for my liking, it almost made them hard to eat. They were topped with some kind of red cabbage? and a tangy hot sauce, they were delicious, but I wasn't a huge fan. The bartenders were very friendly, actually, the entire staff was, way to make the vibe feel super authentic DTB! and thank you for allowing me to finish my tall can in other parts of the restaurant. I will definitely be back, probably during the summer,  but I hope you don't mind me dragging the beach in with me.On a side note, if you're looking to have a tiki-hawaiian-luau-themed party/wedding/event, you should DEFINITELY, and I mean absolutely choose Don the Beachcomber. After attending 2 private events here, these people know what they're doing; their planning and attention to detail is incredible, plus the entire restaurant is perfectly decorated, while it's not Hawaii or Polynesia, it certainly makes you feel like you're there.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,4/17/2011,615,286,10,13,10>So when I ordered, the waiter asked me with a cautious look if I had every tried naengmyeon before. Reflecting on the fact that I had just returned from nearly 2 months under the scalding heat of Korea, yes, yes, I have had naengmyeon before.The noodles are served in a cold broth, extra vinegar on the side if you need it. I had the combination with a side of kalbi since there is very little meat in the naengmyeon itself; you can choose either the plain or spicy version of the broth. You don't get much kalbi for the $15 you pay, but you do get plenty of those filling carby noodles.They ask you before hand if you want your noodles cut before cutting into  your noodles. The noodles are supposed to stand for longevity or something, and I'm not sure what happens if you cut it, but what's the point of living a long life if you have to spend it struggling with mile-long strands of noodles, right? Let's get our priorities straight here.This is more of a naengmyeon review; but naengmyeon, the humble, unadorned, and less-pursued younger sister of Korean barbecue, deserves to be in the spotlight once in a while. With all that said, some people simply can't get over the mind block of eating noodles cold, but if you can, this is the place to get it. And the next time someone asks you if you've had it before, you can say with a secret inner smile, "Yes, yes, I have." Welcome to the brotherhood.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,6/9/2009,549,250,19,26,24>Mark my words..... there WILL be a UYE here in the near future.I tried.  I saw all the rave reviews and thought to myself: "No, it can't be all THAT great now can it?"I came in as pessimistically as I could... I expected snooty servers slinging barely mediocre food, I ordered a dish that I normally expect to hate and I even ordered their souffle knowing that the souffle from Aimee's Bistro in Redondo Beach had a solid foothold in my heart.and yet I failed. The service, while certainly friendly was a little inattentive with the refills, but I won't ding them too hard on that, our server was VERY warm and friendly and quick to provide service once he knew what we needed.The Ambience: nice and dim, but not too dark.  Bar on one side with lots of older "Young Professionals (30+)" Dark woods, bright fresh linens, recessed lighting above shining down on a lively kitchen, but the Valentine's day decor?  tacky and way out of place.... they don't need it, they should lose it. Drinks: A Great selection of wine and liquor with Over Fifty different types of Martinis a little pricey at $11, but served VERY stiff, they're quite heavy-handed with the alcohol, but the flavor of the peach drop was quite enjoyable, if a tad bit overpowering for my partner.The Food:-Calamari Appetizer w Citrus Beure-Blanc sauce, capers and a hint of Tabasco ($9) - Cooked perfectly.  The squid was succulent and delicious, the sauce was unique and quite savory, but the magic truly happens when you add a generous squeeze of lemon.  Sweet, savory, tangy, tender, crunchy.  it's an overload of taste and texture.- Seared Rare Ahi Tuna Salad ($14)- Ahi so fresh that it melts in your mouth, complemented by avocado wrapped in a crisp potsticker type skin on a bed of mangos and cucumbers drizzled with a cilantro orange vinaigrette.  Light, refreshing and absolutely crave-worthy- Wild Mushroom Risotto side ($5)- slightly overcooked, but that did not stop us from completely devouring this dish.  As Eimi put it ..."It's a little overcooked.... but I just... can't stop eating it ..."   You don't need to be perfect to be a wnner.- Citrus City Pot Roast ($18) in a garlic reduction gravy - I hate pot roasts because they are usually overcooked to the point where there is absolutely no "chew" or substance to the meat.  I ordered this dish expecting more of the same and walking away with just a "Meh" reaction.I was wrong.  This dish is absolutely perfect in my book.  The meat was tender, yet had just the right amount of "Chew" to it. the green beans and baby carrots, sauteed perfectly, the garlic reduction, flavorful without overpowering the subtler flavors of the meat and veggies.Dessert:- Gran Marnier Souffle ($10)- Chocolate Souffle ($10)Perfectly light and airy with excellent crispness to the outer shell.  I fell in love with the Gran Marnier Raspberry reduction sauce, while Eimi was in heaven with the Schraffenberger bittersweet of her chocolate Souffle.I Love the Soufflee at Aimee's Bistro, but it comes off as overly sweet especially when compared to the perfect balance achieved by these two variants.A re-visit will definitely be in order.  And this time, we're bringing a bunch of other Yelpers along for the ride.TIPS - Parking - It's at the Circle in Olde Towne Orange, if you can't find parking easily, then the Circus must be in town.Indoor and Outdoor seating areas available.Souffles, while Delicious and can be attacked solo, may actually be quite nice to split as a coupleBallin on a Budget? - This place can be done properly for less than a Bill including tax & tipLots of seating, available, but they can definitely be crowded during rush times.  If you want to have a nice intimate dinner here, go on a weeknight.4.5 Rounded out to 5
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,6/7/2009,848,1511,12,13,12>Sunday night after some naps and search for something on Yelp my man and I came here. I wasn't in the mood for dinning in since it had been a long day and we had just returned from Palm Springs earlier in the day. I just wanted to grab something and go. OK.. the place is open til 10PM on a Sunday that there alone gains them a star. The service even though we were not dinning there was good. Super friendly and they even answered my questions about some of their dishes and their interesting looking deserts. I ordered the chicken curry Malaysia (i think that is what it was called).. My dish was basically red curry with peas and bamboo shoots and chicken. The man had the yellow chicken curry. We also ordered some tom yum kai soup and an order or steamed rice. The rice DOES NOT come with your order of curry which I think is lame because all curry's should come with a side of rice. We also ordered a desert. Don't know what it was called but it looked like a tamale wrapped in a banana leaf. Inside was an interesting combination of sticky sweet rice and taro.. We split that and it was really good... There was so much food and all of this was just under $30!! We both had way to much to finish in one night. So there needless to say was left overs. Which I am a fan of!! I wouldn't normally make the drive out to Stanton but I would for this place. The best thing is that they are opening a location in Garden Grove! Thank God!! One bad thing... I was in line waiting for the ladies room. Out walked an older employee who smiled and walked straight into the kitchen when she got out of the bathroom. I was a little grossed out when I noticed that she didn't flush the toliet. So, did she even bother to wash her hands?
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,6/6/2009,97,111,12,12,15>Their Blueberry Cheesecake blew my mind hole. As the creamy cool crumbly (yes, the 3 "C"s of Cheesecake Charisma) goodness hit my delirious taste buds again and again, I became more euphoric than an Obama parade attendee with Stage 3 Hypothermia. I took the very same cake to a Christmas potluck and received more than 10 eye-widening "mmm"s and quite a few Gift Exchange points.  A cup of their signature 85C Milk Jelly Tea or Coffee (no boba of course) is the perfect companion for washing it all down.Prepare yourself for the wait. The line is usually going out the door. Granted, there is only room for a 5 or 6 people queue inside the door. Apparently they're a huge chain in Taiwan, competing with and some say beating Starbucks. There is a Iron Chef style panel of jumbo photo posters on the wall, proudly displaying the three Chinese chefs' faces and credentials. I didn't believe the awards at first - who knows if they are the equivalent of James Beard .. or Neighborhood Bake-Off. I think you'll agree that James Beard would be proud.I don't even know what I'm saying anymore. Think the Hypothermia is setting in.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2009,6/5/2009,4436,699,7,15,11>Really good homestyle lebanese food, try the Mahshi, or stuffed bell peppers and tomatoes with spices/herbs. The chicken kebabs are juicy and charred, very good lebanese food.You can't compare it to other lebanese places because this is more "homestyle " cooking rather than "restaurant style" (An oxymoron since it is an actual restaurant).The majority of the people who come here are chapman university students since its right across the street from chapman. You must try the lentil soup and their garlic sauce is to die for!!Much better than other places Ive tried in OC for lebanese foodThe only reason I am knocking it down one star is that parking is a serious b$&%! Its really bad, no really..really ...bad.!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,6/4/2009,879,320,32,35,38>In ancient times, enjoying a carnivorous feast required the hunt, and it wasn't carried out for gluttonous advantage.  It was often carried out as a rite of passage, when bagging a buck or spearing a sow meant you were a man.  However, nowadays, we don't need that kind of validation in our lives.  Nowadays, we can effortlessly enjoy the fruits of the kill from the comforts of our own suburban backyard, and that rite of passage?  Well, someone simply being born is reason enough to chow down in that kind of capacity.And at Agora Churrascuria, you can do just that.  Chow down on 16 different cuts of meat in "AYCE" style, while celebrating a good friend's birthday.  Hell, you don't even need the birthday part, but that's what makes a full capacity feast like this all the more special.Sometimes I like my meat on a stick, and at Agora, it's juicy, plentiful and sometimes comes wrapped in bacon.  All night, the 16 types of cuts are constantly being thrown down on that wood charcoal grill and cooked on metal spits.  The meat comes out fresh and juicy, like it's right off the animal.  How can a girl go wrong?  You really can't at Agora.  As far as Brazilian Churrascurias go, it's top notch for this end of the woods.  Cheaper than Fogo, a little more upscale than Greenfield, Agora offers a keen balance between upscale and casual.  Besides the meat, AYCE food options are diverse and plentiful, with an array of hot side dishes, a cold salad bar and even some seafood.  Resist the urge to take home one of those cute gaucho guys who serve you the meat directly off the stick - or resist the urge to pocket one of those huge carving knives they use!  (I sure did!)Overall, your experience won't be like this.cartoonstock.com/lowres/…It'll be more like telling this guy to 'eat his heart out.' kenwyatt.co.uk/images/th…Unlike De Niro, in 'one shot', you've got not 1, but 16 different types of meat at Agora.  No hunting required.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,6/3/2009,212,81,13,15,14>They don't serve beer (I guess that would be difficult in a supermarket food court).The wings here are money!  Pure money!  Like....they cost a fortune.  Every other item on the menu is not worth mentioning.  The ambiance sucks...again...you are eating in a supermarket food court.  So why is this place getting four stars?!The wings are THAT good.  They will put a dent in your wallet, but they are worth the money!  Go around that supermarket and nearly every person has a box of KyoChon in their hands...They only offer two flavors, sweet & spicy and garlic soy.  I prefer the sweet & spicy and have no idea what people are talking about when they say these wings are spicy.  Perhaps they are just weak sauce.Open this place as a stand alone, some Stella on tap, and some big screen LCDs on the walls. Game over!Wait...scratch that...that's a bad idea...it would never work....not worth trying...
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,6/2/2009,225,280,16,20,17>Lees Sandwiches can suck it. My new favorite Vietnamese deli is the BMCC. I think this place keeps it real by having a lot of their food displayed about the store, instead of behind a counter just like any other Vietnamese bakery in Orange County. It enables semi-picky people like myself to pounce on BMCC workers as they replenish stocks of fresh food on top of food that's already deemed fresh. Tip: When it's busy, they often replenish and you can often pounce. Trust me, the workers don't think it's rude when you reach over them before the food hits the counter. Although, don't take my word for it -- I tend to tower over the average BMCC worker. I might as well intimidate because I can't leave the place without buying the whole store.Since I've had pretty much everything BMCC can offer, I recommend their spring rolls, banh mi sandwiches (duh) and basically anything that has rice cake in it or is green. Typically, green = coconut = delicious. Prices are competitive with most of these Vietnamese delis, and it's best to come here when you  just want a quick bite to eat but you don't want to spend too much.Lastly, I'd like to comment on anyone that's ever called this place or this plaza BMCC is in, ghetto. Hello, it's...Little Saigon. Wouldn't you be worried if everything was all clean and pristine?
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,6/1/2009,39,6,11,13,11>Today, me and my coworker Mr. Lawrance decided to grab some indian cuisine for lunch. This was officially my second time actually eating indian food, so I made sure Mr. Lawrance took us some place he personally enjoys.Most the car ride to lunch...(as ooberly undecisive as we both aree..) we were contemplating between Clay Oven and Natraj's. Finally with a quick abrupt jerk of the wheel Mr. Lawrence switched out of the right turn lane and headed towards Natraj's. My 1 hour lunch's destiny was in his hands...Because he chooses not to eat meat, he grabed a two item plate consisting of egg plant-mushlike item which he very much fancys, and vegetable curry which he did not fancy too much of.But I choose to eat meat so i grabbed a two item plate, one being Chicken Masala and the other....chicken...with spicy curry sauce?? The unknown chicken item with the "spicy" coconut sauce was not really spicy at all, but all in all both items were good and i would definitely go back for round two.Although I was unable to finish my plate (because I am believed to have a small appetite), it was pretty heavy and fulfilling. We got full pretty easily, and tried stopping so food-coma wouldn't hit us hard back at work~The price for two-2 item plates and one medium drink came out too $18.00 and some change. So I gess for each plate was about $7 dolllars?? Which isn't bad at alllll for the quantity and/or quality.hannah smiled happy :)(imba)
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,5/31/2009,238,202,7,7,6>Would it be too cheesy to say that this place serves "great mex"?  Yeah, probably.I'm sold. The crispy beef tacos were amazing, piled high with cheese and lettuce, and my friend loves his chicken soft tacos.  The crispy potato - yes, potato - taco sent me into the five-star review.  I expected it to be somewhat boring, but the potato was so flavorful, it was almost like eating a baked potato, but better.  Plus they serve beer and fun obscure soft drinks.  And the salsa bar has those pickled carrot thingies, which are awesome.  It's a fast food place in the same vein as Las Barcas or Chronic Tacos (but with more seating - but not much more).  Parking is less painful than the rest of the peninsula.  I was full after spending $4 plus tax - and not on Taco Tuesday!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2009,5/30/2009,1223,848,4,6,5>Another busy week comes to a grinding halt, and the wife greets me with a warm hug and says, "You are taking us out to dinner."  How could I refuse as she has slaved over a stove all week.OK, where are we going to go that's not too crowded on a Friday evening, is kid friendly, close to home, not too expensive but is not junk food, and some place we have been waiting to try???  Casa Inka fit the bill.  We kept passing it on Warner on the way to the 405 fwy.  It was hard to tell by the exterior what lay inside.  It used to be called Peruvian Kitchen but new ownership took over 10 months ago, says one of the managers.We "yelped" it (from the verb "To Yelp", or the latin "yelpus maximus foodiferous") and it looked like a safe bet.  In this economy, why waste two hours and a fistful of cash experimenting with a new place?The interior is huge, well lit, clean and uncrowded.  Wood floors, wood furniture, other than a few wall decorations, it could pass for any type of dinner house.  Comfortable, but not intimate.The service was very prompt and cheerful.  The garlic bread and green dipping sauce were good but not great.  We tried the two dishes most discussed in the reviews (another great Yelp benefit) and were absolutely blown away by the Loma Saltido (beef strips, red onion, french fries, tomatoes and white rice) and the Arroz con pollo (chicken over green rice).  Both had wonderful complex flavors.  The other dish was a mixed seafood selection with a yellow sauce with peas and carrots over a fish fillet with white rice.  Really delicious.This place is really a keeper.  Inka-licious......
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,7/6/2011,1223,848,11,15,15>My sweetie and I were joined by close friends for a Valentine's Day dinner here last night.  What a bizarre little place!  Located in a run down strip mall, in the basement, under a Blockbuster, it is not what you would expect for a fine steakhouse.  After making our way down the 1960's era elevator, the door opened to the chef's station, right in front of us.  Blam!, check out those steaks!  The room is small and dark with low ceilings, like a secret speak-easy out of the 30's.  The cottage cheese ceilings, big booths, aged paneling, red carpet and old ceiling light fixtures all reeked of kitschy charm.  At 7pm on a Saturday, it was mostly couples from 30-60 years old.  We were nicely dressed but not too nice.  We were warned the dress would be all over the board.The place is very loud, so don't expect a quiet conversation.  The service was quite good and the food was fabulous.  Their signature garlic toast and big dinner salads made appetizers unnecessary.  Both were tasty.  Lots of crispy cheese on white toast.The menu cart was appreciated as you could really get an idea of portion sizes and quality.  We knew it would be pricey so it was no big deal ordering blind of costs.Prime rib, side of crab legs for me.  Wifey had the 8oz. fillet.  The other couple had a similar steak and the medallions of beef with a lobster tail side.  We split some asparagus and the marinated mushrooms and we all had the twice baked potato.  Everything was stellar.  All top quality and very tasty.  Good sized portions, not overly salty.  I can bathe in twice baked potatoes.  They were amazing.  The steaks and prime rib were perfectly cooked to our liking.  The seafood was tender and full of flavor.  Asparagus was crispy, not mushy, and the mushrooms were succulent. Wonderful.The cocktails and wine flowed, as did the conversation.  The people watching was hilarious.  As we sat and dined, the place slowly transformed into a nightclub.  The band came in to set up at about 10:15 and the patrons morphed from older couples to 20-somethings, the hair turned from grey to beanie covered mops.  We were soon out of our element.  The tables around us literally were disappearing and we knew it was time to go home to our kids.We got out at around $100 per head.  Coupons are all over the local papers if you want a cheaper mid-week option.  We absolutely loved the funkiness of the building and crowd.  Far different vibe than a Morton's or Fleming's but an awesome departure from the norm.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,7/5/2011,596,450,13,16,16>What is better than an All You Can Eat Sunday Brunch Including Champagne and Mimosa's (new acronym alert AYCESBIC&M)...really, what?I will tell you what is better than that...an inexpensive AYCEBIC&M!Taco Rosa is the place to get your fill...of everything!For under $20 a head!Made to order burro's, enchilada's and huevo's of all shapes and sizes...chilaquiles, salmon quesadilla's, and about three dozen other entrée's, soups, salads and side dishes in the buffet...and that's before you hit the dessert tables (that's right...I said "tables") and the Chocolate Fountain (that's right, I said "Chocolate Fountain")!All of this gustatory excess wouldn't be worth two peso's if the food weren't any good...but the food is good (thankfully...I'd hate to have to eat five platefuls of crap, just to get my money's worth!).The Beautiful Carin likes her brunches so we have been to a few of the other brunches in the area (some at nearly 4 times the price of this one) and while they were better in some respects...they weren't $60 a pop better.We've hit TR for dinner and lunch, as well (a much lighter "love tap" than when we hit them at brunch), and they've consistently done a good job on the fresh Mexican food deal...not too heavy on the cheese and beans, nice and spicy, well prepared and nicely presented in pleasant surroundings by friendly and smiling staff!OK, let's talk for minute about the "Champagne" portion of the AYCESBIC&M's.I'm not really a Champagne drinker, myself, but the Beautiful Carin makes up for me on the champagne at the AYCESBIC&M...and she tells me the Champagne at TR is actually pretty good (not always the case at an AYCE brunch, as we've discovered).When you get right down to it...for most people, the most important feature of the Champagne at TR is that there is always a smiling and friendly waitperson, anxious to top off your glass...that seems to be critical to maximum enjoyment of the AYCESBIC&M experience!Give Taco Rosa a spin...eat and drink until you've got a good solid case of the food sweats and then go stretch out on the sofa and groan for a few hours...you'll thank me later!For under $20.00 a head at Taco Rosa, it's tough to go wrong
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,7/4/2011,526,808,15,11,13>Hi, I'm Michelle and I'm a Mexican Food addict. I eat, breathe and live Mexican Food. It's actually quite sad. But, you still love me. I know you do. Do you like authenticity? If so, meet Tacos Enseneda. Hello Tacos Enseneda! ::waves:: This place has everything a typical Mexican Food lover wants and more. The restaurant itself is just a hole in the wall in not the most desirable spot in Lake Forest. But the inside of the restaurant, the staff and food makes up for it. You will fall in love. Do you like spicy salsas? If so, meet Tacos Enseneda's Salsa Bar. Hello Salsa Bar!! ::waves:: You make my taste buds go WOW!! Thanks for that. They miss you already. Do you like Burritos? If so, meet Tacos Enseneda's massive burrito menu. Hi Burrito menu! ::waves:: I ordered the Wet Carne Asada Burrito with red sauce. Wet burritos cost $1 more and come with red or green sauce, but it's truly the way to go. My burrito was HUGE and filled with yummy tasty meat, cheese and salsa. Add more of their hot salsa from said Salsa Bar and it'll make your burrito THAT much better. Do you like Mexican beer and Mexican Soda? If so, meet said Mexican drinks! Hello drinks! ::waves:: I personally didn't try any of these, but they have them, and they look amazing. I will try them when I don't have to go back to work. This place will exceed all your expectations. Give it a chance. It won't disappoint, I promise. I will be back here again during a lunch break to enjoy yet another amazing item on the menu. And maybe sneak in a beer too. Who cares if I go back to work, right?!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,7/3/2011,291,119,24,20,21>Have you been to a 1-$ Yelp-rated Mexican joint that can make food look attractive and presentable without sacrificing top notch hospitality?   I don't think I have, well except at Javier's Cantina, but he's a fancy 2-$$ Mexican.  Then again, Anepalco's Cafe is French and Spanish inspired so these Mexicans may be indecent, but they're damned classy.  And I'll skip the introduction because this is getting racial and I'm starting to slur.Let me describe to you again what I'm talking about.  I traversed here with one of my best buds and his gorgeous girlfriend and upon arrival, were warmly greeted by a nice gentleman.  I was expecting douchey-French-bastardness and dirty-Mexi-can't-service, but with such elegant manners and well-spoken English, I thus knew we would be in for a special treat.My friends proceeded to order their ever-so-seductive chocolate crepe.  Bonkers!  Light, symmetrically rolled flaps, rich chocolate filling, and caramelized plantains, mellowed out by pillowed mounds of whipped cream and textured almonds, balanced by a cup of chopped apples and pineapples made it an overnight lust icon.  The plate looked sinfully sexy causing a stream of eye-gasms.  Tears dripped down my hairy sideburns as they were kind enough to offer me a bite.  Instant good karma and pure ecstasy elated as I indulged in a quick sample.  My flavor glands suddenly salivated to have me pondering if I've finally experienced a mouth-gasm.  Now if only my buddy's girl had fed me, coupled with Dave Chappelle's Slow Motion Laundry Scene, it would have been hotter than Danity Kane's Showstopper video, which is a horrible song by the way.Don't stop til' you get enough Jackson, this cozy little cafe is widely known for what will have you blinded by their vibrant chilaquiles.  The hue and contrasting colors of the dish is a stunning spectacle.  Careful delicacy and work has gone into this $7.39 plate of love.  All the components of the dish have married together everlastingly well that will have you hoping they don't ever get in an argument and file for divorce.  Presented by a full on climax from the bed of chopped tortillas and luscious red sauce, to the smooth avocado mousee and sweet, yet spicy pico de gallo, down to the tangy sour cream and nutty cotija cheese, it's a no-brainer why their marriage works out so well.  Each bite of true love will auto-trigger all 5 sensual tastes and send your body into convulsions from the over-excitement of the course.  Solution granted, there's a hospital that's literally, next door.Thank goodness for the affordability of this place, I was able to regain consciousness as I wouldn't know what to tell the hospital staff.  My insurance would probably deny coverage for acute retardation.  So for a great brunch with French tastes at Mexican prices, I am pleased to highly recommend this warm hole in the wall to your illegal baby's mama and her 5 kids (no pun intended).
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,7/2/2011,706,398,12,15,12>A friend and I came here for a late lunch. It was after 1pm, but the place was still packed!! The only guy there (owner?),  who was very busy bussing tables, was very nice and quick to clear the tables. Service was sloooooow. The place was busy and I saw at least 2 servers, but it's not a big place. Still, it took a while for anyone to take our orders. And it took a really long time for us to actually get our food, even our iced teas. Good thing my girl friend and I had a lot of catching up to do!!We both ordered the Tranquil Tea Trio. I got the half prosciutto sandwich with mixed greens and iced Makena's Passion tea. We were both starving and I didn't know if that would be enough food for me (I'm a piglet!), but I was satisfied at the end of our meal! It was just the right amount. The salad was a simple mixed greens salad with feta cheese and light dressing. My sandwich was delicious with prosciutto ham, a thick slice of fresh mozzarella cheese, sundried tomato pesto, and arugula. They definitely do not skimp on the filling! My friend enjoyed her meal too even though she's not a huge sandwich person. My iced tea was nice and refreshing, but tasted a little watered down. The refills in the cute little carafes were a nice touch!Getting to the restroom was a bit confusing, but I managed not to walk into Cafe Rialto on my way to the loo.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,7/1/2011,816,484,12,17,15>Review 100, YAYBreakfast is King!  Well if you're not the one slaving over the stove it is.  My usual breakfast during the week are shakes, boooo!  But it's a good shake so I have no complaints.  On occasion I do like to head out for a nice hearty breakfast and today just happened to be one of those days.  I've driven by this place 100's of time and wonder why I never went in.  My all time favorite breakfast items are French toast, Corned beef hash, and Creamed beef on toast also known in the military as SOS (shit on a shingle) and its good shit too!  As a Navy brat I consumed plates of SOS growing up and have yet to find a place outside a military base that serves it up right.I got here a little before 10am and was happy that I made it before a surge of peeps came in.  I was greeted by the waitress with a good morning and the menu as I sat down.  The place is small and cozy and everyone there appeared to be enjoying their food.   While they didn't have any SOS they had my other 2 faves Corned beef and French toast.  Instead of the regular toast that comes with the corned beef I switched it for a French toast instead.  I asked for both hashes (beef and the potato) extra crispy and that is how it came out.  The corned beef was seasoned very well, not salty and not filled with a whole lot of potatoes.  The hash was nice and crispy.  French toast was made with a thick slice so it wasn't mushy, with the perfect amount of cinnamon taste.  This was a good breakfast indeed.  Looking forward to another morning meal here soon!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,6/29/2011,929,426,22,21,20>Dammit, I really really wanted to hate this place.  I ordered two large pizzas today for a neighborhood potluck (I know, I'm lazy).  Found this place on Yelp and decided to try it since I'm a big fan of deep dish.  The guy was really nice and I placed two large supreme deep dish pizzas for pick-up.  Let me tell you, these two pizzas were so heavy, my crossfit, gym-going pride went out the window.  Yes, I admit, holding two Tony's pizzas in my hand was a feat in itself.  The pizza was SO awesome.  I'm a fan of BJ's (the deep dish pizza kind) and this just completely redefines deep dish pizza.  I couldn't believe how awesome it was.  First off, you get the flavor from the toppings that have been basking in the tomato sauce, then you bite into it and get the cheesiness from the center and a bit of crunch from the bottom crust.  The combination of all of these things in my mouth was flavor overload.  Thin crust can kiss my butt.  Tony's deep dish all the way, from now on...
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,6/28/2011,461,582,15,19,15>Foodwise, this is my favorite Italian restaurant in the OC.  You might drive right past it a few times.  But find it, and you've found a little semi-hidden gem next to a cigar shop.  It's kind of creepy, dark, and quiet in the back parking lot.  And one of my friends in the back seat, who watches too many murder mysteries, said, "We need to park out in front on Katella".  Ugh, OK you wimp.So we walk in the front door past 8 PM, and every table is taken.  The place looks like it's some Italian grandmother's home complete with knick knacks and antique furniture. We get seated about 10 minutes later. While waiting we sat in front of the cashier and could see that kitchen just jumping with activity. But ooh man, all the terrific smells. A woman comes in behind us who just orders banana and New York cheesecake at $6.00 a large slice because she says It's "hella good". The lighting inside is dark and you might have a tough time reading the menu.  In about five minutes my eyes adjust and it's fine.  They bring you warm, soft cheese garlic bread and water with menus right away.  The menu is extensive, with your usual pasta dishes to bacon wrapped filet mignon, some grilled fish including Chilean sea bass served two different ways, They even serve paella if you order 24 hours in advance, and will make an non menu item pasta. I order the creamy veal ravioli ($14), though spinach and cheese are also offered.  My friends ordered the grilled shrimp in olive oil and garlic spaghetti ($18).  Our reactions in a word: Wow, My ravioli filling was tomato-y and tasted similar to steak ravioli I've had in other places.  The buttery creamy base had strong hints of garlic and light onion, oregano and perhaps basil.  The shrimp was cooked in butter, and pasta was al dente and loaded with garlic flavor.Their house wines by the glass are reasonably priced from $5.50 for the cabernet to $9.50, The meals we had both came with a small side salad.  The Italian dressing was tangy and bold, and had lettuce with one olive and one small slice of roma tomato - too bad it wasn't very sweet.  (Of course, as an heirloom tomato grower, I'm too critical)Service was overall good, but with only six people working in the restaurant (cook, owner, waiter, two expediters/bus persons. one dishwasher) it must be a daunting task at peak times to keep 20 or so tables happy.  But these two guys carrying out the food and busing tables hustled and kept on moving.  The owner and waiter got flagged lots of times and they handled everything well.I'll definitely come back next time and try something different next time, including one of the awesome sounding desserts.  And they do take reservations, probably a good idea if you go at peak times.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,6/27/2011,915,683,21,22,21>985 reviews for noodles? Some people really love and have strong opinions on this runner-up to rice as the most basic of all foods. In doing a little research for this review I learned that ramen actually has its origins in China. I did not know that, but I bet most of the other 985 do. I also learned that instant ramen was named the greatest Japanese invention of the 20th century in a Japanese poll, as invented by a gent with the too cool name of Momofuku Ando. My introduction to ramen like many non-Asian Americans is Top Ramen, that very salty version meant to be consumed when one is broke and cant afford much else. That my dear reader is what ramen meant to me until I tried the very popular and well regarded Santouka in Costa Mesa. Hmm, damn better than I remember that instant stuff I last had 30 years ago, but not sure if it's exciting enough to stand in a 20 person deep line for.I have not had ramen in Tokyo, or anywhere else outside of Costa Mesa or Fountain Valley for that matter. So why should an old Upper-Midwest born non-Asian guy write review #986? I guess for those of you that haven't had it in Tokyo or other far and exotic lands.This particular noodle house is great for a "ramtard" like me. Loud, bustling, and I guess very authentic. I love that the workers here have been trained to yell whenever someone comes in, leaves, or WTF was that shout out for? All in Japanese. Seems authentic to me!This is a damn good soup is all I kept muttering to myself. Is it OK to call it soup? Steven N was my guide on this night, and advised that you can order the noodles firm, medium, or soft. The broth can likewise be customized, I believe 3 options were also given. I just said make it medium like my noodles. Not knowing what-the-what, the middle is always the safe way to go. Yeah, I do have commitment issues you armchair psychiatrists.There are lots of add on options as well. Dang this noodle biz is not as simple as I previously believed. I chose a boiled egg and fried onions, and you can order extra noodles for $1. Hey en N! I think they ripped you off on that extra noodle option. "No newbie, they bring that when these are gone and add it to the remaining broth."  Hmmm, guess that's a good deal for a buck, but shhh, there is already a ton of noodles. But again, WTH do I know?Well I know that this was a very satisfying meal in a vibrant atmosphere. But from what I hear there is usually a long wait here too. I am not that sold on ramen to ever wait more than a few minutes, but i'll def do an occasional drive by to check it out. Slurp on brothers and sisters!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,6/25/2011,280,248,12,14,15>The Hubby has been going here for years (about 6) but today, they sent ME a birthday coupon for a free pulled pork sandwich so the hubby finally took me (yes, of course he wanted my free sandwich). Nice clean place, pretty friendly and the meat just melted in our mouths. Very tender, soft buns not overdone with frills....just smoky meat and pickle! They have two bbq sauces - spicy and regular, yes I liked the regular and you guessed it - Chris liked the spicy...DUH!   Chris ate the pulled pork which really looked good and I had the brisket sandwich.  My sandwich was about $6.95.  We had the banana pudding too but I would probably pass on that next time, kind of tasted instant with no banana flavoring.  They are experts in the meat so thats what I recommend sticking with - although some old guy was really enjoying the smoked bbq chicken wings by the look of extasy on his face and bbq sauce smearing almost up to his wrists...he was lovin it, that is for sure!We got the fries and onion ring combo and shared. The onion rights rock here! Good eats all around and every time they opened the smoker doors to check the meat - the whole restaurant paused in unison and took a deeeeeeeeeep breath of smoky wonderfulness!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/21/2014,1723,545,24,30,27>my pup and i had such a blast stand up paddle boarding with rental from huntington harbor boat rentals!  hhbr will definitely be my go to sup rental from now on for the following reasons:1)  easy parking:  i was able to find parking right outside of the shop.  easy peasy.  my friends found parking in the neighborhood across the shop.2)  great price:  keep a lookout for groupon / living social / amazon local deals.  you won't regret it!3)  great service:  super friendly staff from the beginning to the end.  from checking in to finishing boarding, everyone's friendly and attentive.  the instructions were also great for first timers.  bottled waters are also offered to guests, it's a nice touch.4)  nice equipment:  all the boards and kayaks were all in pretty good shape.  i got one that showed some signs of age but it fit our needs because i was paddle boarding with my dog and needed a board that was fully padded across the board.  the boards are not made for yoga but they were definitely stable enough for me to do an inversion / crow with my dog on and still felt stable.5)  location:  i've sup boarded in newport (balboa) and laguna beach, huntington harbor was extremely safe and fun!  everything seems to connect so you won't get lost.  not many terrifying big boats setting sail so it felt safe.  i would normally dock 1 point for the wait because we were promised we'd have boards in 15 minutes, then it turned into 30 minutes, and eventually we waited 1 hour before it was our turn...  but all the good made up for the bad wait.  we arrived shortly after a giant party of 17 and 8 at 10:15 am on a saturday, not sure how this situation can be managed better, maybe offer online reservations?they offer sup yoga classes as well, would be cool to check out :)
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,10/20/2014,1206,653,24,26,25>YUM!  I actually came to this location once to have sangria and a meal but ended up changing my mind on what I wanted to eat so we only did sangria and that was pretty damn tasty!  So speed up a few months later, I came in with a date before our movie started. I'm not one for that ordering system. Grab a menu and stand there and figure out what you want. We only had one couple in front of us, but could you imagine how the line could become uncomfortable, with half the people off to the side trying to figure out what they want while the other half do. That can be a real clusterfuck real quick in such a tight line area. Any who we placed our order. I like the personal pizza option since it comes with a side salad. We both choose this option and proceeded to sit down anywhere in the place. I don't know if this was the runners name, Alessia(short latin lady with eyeglasses) or something close to that name. She had to be the nicest person I've ever encountered while dining. She was personable with every table without spending toooooo much time with each table. She made sure if you needed anything and when you did she came back fast with it. Plus she gave me a compliment, how could I not like that :D A truly lovely woman.  So the carafe of sangria comes. We ordered the berry sangria and that was goooood. I love the orange wedges and how balanced this drink is. Didn't seem premade with syrups, thank god.  The salads come out and they're actually large for being side salads. Makes it easy to have pizza leftovers :D I had the BLT salad and he had the greek salad. Both salads were outstanding and simple. Crisp lettuce and fresh ingredients. Not to heavy as well. I couldn't finish it all because our  pizzas came. I ordered the tres carne pizza and he did the chickenpineapple bbq pizza.  Tres carni was topped with meatball, sausage and pepperoni. Damn good. My pizza wasn't overcooked. Crust had a nice chew but not a doughy chew. Off course dipping it in ranch made a perfect bite. His pizza was good even though I don't like pineapples on pizza. It wasn't overpowering. The waitress told us about the gelato. I was so full, I only tasted two flavors and they were sooooo good. My date ordered the kid size which actually is a good size, given how much food you'll be eating. I could see myself coming in just for gelato ! It took me awhile to try this place because of their spotty reviews but I'm so glad I finally did. I will be back!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,10/19/2014,345,349,20,25,22>This is definitely one of the better places if you're looking for authenic Italian cuisine and not one of those chain stores. It's located in the Spectrum by Edwards/across from Paul Martins. The decor of the place is very modern with an earthy soothing feel. The menu is made up of primarily pastas, pizza, salads and a variety of homemade cocktails. You also have the option to do family style sizes (feeds 3-4 peeps) on many of the pasta's  (extra $24) and salad (extra $14). So the prices definitely aren't the cheapest if you're comparing to family style italian places like Buca Di Peppo or even Mama D's. Anyhow our favorites definitely had to be the spicy shrimp puttanesca angel hair. It pretty much reminds you of a shrimp scampi except with a white wine sauce instead of your typical cream sauce. For appetizers the Fritto Misto is definitely the most yummy. The crunchiness and seasoning is spot on paired with this home made mayo sauce is simply divine. For desserts the deconstructed Tiramisu is hands down the best thing ever! You literally want to lick the plate clean once you've tasted this dessert! The peanut butter cannoli however was a major disappointment and was our least favorite or the two. It simply tasted like straight up peanut butter cream without much sweetness. The service for our table was simply perfect as well as our waiter was energetic yet friendly the entire time. He was also quite personable like one your close buddies. We'll definitely be back again! Just don't forget happy hour is only from 3-6pm daily!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,10/18/2014,654,998,29,30,28>I'm no shaved ice expert (I've never even been to Hawaii). Most of my experience shaving ice was as a kid making snow cones with that plastic snowman device that you stick ice cubes into and turn the crank. Even though I'm no expert I do know that I really like the shaved ice here at Snowflakes.I appreciate the simple but comfortable & inviting decor of this place - very cool. The employees here are very nice and efficient. The young woman at the counter who helped me patiently took the time to explain the various offerings. I almost went with a shaved snow but ended up trying one of the shaved ice offerings called "The Island Girl" which was listed on their menu.  It combined guava, banana and strawberry flavored ice. Of course you don't have to order off their menu, it's just there for people like me who might not be sure what flavor combinations would go together best. You can choose your own flavors (there are MANY) and can choose up to three.I thought the regular sized ice was more than plenty for one person. The flavors were vibrant and refreshing. And since it's just flavored ice - frozen water - it's completely calorie free, right?
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,10/17/2014,1069,237,61,58,55>I had just fallen asleep and my phone starts going off at 2:30 in the morning. I panic because no one calls in the middle of the night unless its something really important. I pick it up and its my best friend. I'm nervous with a million thoughts racing through my head. I ask if everything is okay and she says "Yes I'm fine. Can you wake up and go with me to the Porn store?" Does she not know what time it is or does she just not care. Really? I should have hung up on her but I'm too super nice and say Ok. I'm a sucker!We decide to meet at Spankey's. We both park in the back lot. Parking is a little tight. I guess everyone has the same idea to come here since the lot is half full.Left the stunner shades in the car. No need to feel awkward at Spankey's. I'm no adult store virgin so I walk around like its a candy store. The employees are pretty chill. They laugh at My bestee and I as we  slap each other with vibrators and put dildos on top of each other's heads.The stores a little small but great selection of  Sex Toys including The Rabbit, Blow up dolls "-", Swings, Straps, Handcuffs, felatio liquid, anal beads, Lotions, Lubes, Edible panties, Lingerie, Huge selection of DVD's and a whole bunch of other naughty stuff.We each buy a few toys. Might as well, it's not like were regulars =) Used the 20% off discount with Yelp check in.Overall Spankey's is a great shop with affordable prices and good selection. I like this place.4 Stars
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,10/16/2014,2200,807,43,57,52>My new favorite crawfish jointAfter much convincing, my girlfriend got me to go here with her.  We ended up sharing two pounds of crawfish and an order of Oc Len Xao Dua (escargot in spicy coconut milk).  The crawfish here was different than other asian crawfish places I have been to.  The seasoning was more lemon grass but still with that popular cajun taste.  It contained much less oil than other crawfish joints.  The crawfish were made from live and were delicious.  It was well seasoned and oh so good.  We got mild and they were perfect.  Probably one of the better crawfish places in my opinion.  The escargot were also delicious too.  They were drenched in plenty of the spicy coconut milk.  Yum!  The portion was also larger than other places I have had it.  Our total was about $40 for our two pounds of crawfish and 1 dish.  It's more expensive here than other crawfish places for the crawfish but well worth it.  The service was great.  The guy serving us was helpful and knowledgeable.  The atmophere is also different.  It's much quieter with non of the thumping of club music those other places have.  The inside is very large with plenty of tables and TV.  They also have a bar.  My only complaint is that the plaza parking can get tricky.  Overall, delicious food.  I recommend if you like seafood.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/15/2014,1679,253,64,70,71>Ultimate Ministrations...Ben for President!  Tai for Chief of Staff!  Leslie for Governor.  John, I designate you the Prime Minister.  Completely attentive and hustling like a BOSS, Bosscat Kitchen associates perform masterfully in the kitchen as well as in the dining room.  Although, during the peak hours I did feel the compulsion to recondition my hearing as the cacophony is overbearing.  Sign me up, Sonic Hearing.   The Duroc pork belly poutine, served with cheese curds, a fried over easy egg, and their secret fried wedges of potatoes were earnest and committed to flavor.  The cheeky give of the potato, surrounded by the steady gravy, morsels of melted curds and velvety egg yearning to be consumed .  You done good.  The cornbread madeleines paired with huckleberry sweet cream butter are the TRUTH.  Stone-ground cornmeal prepared with butter and then paired with butter.  You done more good.  Onto the Bosscat burger prepared with Midwest beef (representin' Yo), bacon, cheese, black garlic sauce, mixed greens, tomatoes and red onions, which was cultivated and polished.  Seamless execution of a burger enveloped by a potato bun.  The red velvet churros were made to order, tossed with cinnamon sugar and served with a cream cheese ganache.  Cripsy clouds of dough buoyant with flavor and texture paired well with the mellow ganache.  To dining al fresco.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/14/2014,730,226,22,32,33>I cannot believe we waited this long to eat here!It is easily the best dining experience I've had in a long time.  I kept saying, "I'm so happy with my food!  I'm so happy we're eating here!" (Aloud, not just in my head)We made it right before cut-off time for brunch on Saturday.  I believe we arrived around 2:45pm (cut-off is 3) and we were kind of expecting to have that "rushed" feeling, but no, service was excellent! The remaining staff kept checking on us and we were not abandoned :)Let be start off by saying, I love you Charlotte! Best waitress ever: helpful, cheerful, knowledgeable, and all around efficient. I ordered the Lengua Omelet (subbed egg whites).... a moment of silence for the best breakfast omelet I've ever had............ ok, I was so amazed at the mere fact that this was on the menu! Even more amazed at the exquisite taste! The omelet was topped with Chile Verde - NAILED IT! My little Mexican heart was happy happy happy. I had the side salad with it and it was so good with that shaved parmessan on top!My boyfriend ordered the Apple Sausage with Egg Whites and was also impressed at the taste! We both ordered the Pistachio Butter (?) with our toast and omg! Soooo damn impressed! Excellent taste!  We ordered the Blueberry Bread Pudding to go and ate it a few hours later. It was good, very blueberry-ish but I'm sure it's better eaten fresh! Overall, just a few cons: no fountain drinks, no wheat toast offered, and very pricey bread-pudding.But notice those cons did not affect my rating; that's how good the entire experience was!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/13/2014,828,259,24,37,28>SERVICE/AMBIANCE:-Love the new location of Urban Seoul at the spectrum. The restaurant has a very open feel and there is a huge patio for outside dining. The new location has a lot of great beers on tap as well as Japanese shochu margaritas. The menu is 80% the same as the Diamond Jamboree location with 20% brand new additions. FOOD:-LOADED FRIES - Criss cut fries topped with the works. Definitely a must order dish meant for sharing. -CHICKEN DRUMETTES - Super crispy and topped with a nice asian sweet and sour sauce-PORK BELLY BUNS - This was definitely my favorite dish. The pork belly is thick cut and really crispy and they add korean pickled cucumbers which give it a nice crunch. -LOCO MOCO SKILLET - Yum! Fried egg on top of a Korean version of loco moco! -ELOTE SKILLET - A Mexican twist on the Korean corn cheese dish. Super yummy and the corn is all cut up for you so you don't have to get any in your teeth!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,10/12/2014,400,91,24,24,25>This place is adorable. There are all sorts of unique knick knacks everywhere. Things you wouldn't really see anywhere else which gives off a very vintage vibe. It's almost like a vintage antique store that sells flowers and serves up some great food, drinks and desserts. They sell different flavored macarons here but my favorite are the rose flavored ones. They also have a unique french toast flavored macaron that is also divine. The sandwiches are so good especially the ham and cheese on brioche bread, simply delicious! They have many more items on their menu that I can't wait to try!There are so many things to look at inside this shop and being surrounded by flowers and a fountain it just makes you feel like you've been transported to some European cafe in another time. I highly recommend this place. It's so cute, like a small hidden oasis and it's just so unique. It's also great if you need to buy a gift for someone. They sell many unique type trinkets at this lovely flower shop.There is always plenty of parking which is always a plus. Great food, sweet delights, yummy drinks and beautiful flowers, this place gets a thumbs up from me!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,2/28/2012,421,300,12,18,14>Honestly, this place is the reason I love Yelp!  Without Yelp I would have driven by this wonderful restaurant without ever having known that it even existed.  But one day while searching all the new places near me, I stumbled upon a few reviews and all of them were so complimentary.  With all the great reviews and my curiosity piqued by the fact that I've never had Afghan food I just had to give this place a try.This is your quintessential mom and pop restaurant.  While it is small and modest, you immediately get a welcoming sense the moment you walk in.  The owners are obviously very proud of their restaurant and the food they serve and I love that.  Food always tastes better when there is a sense of pride behind the dishes they serve up.  I decided to try out their lamb dish which was served on top of rice with an assortment of spices, raisins, and carrots.  It was absolutely delicious.  The lamb was tender and flavorful and the rice that came with it was the perfect accompaniment to the richness of the lamb.  I had the opportunity to try a few different things, the eggplant dip and dumplings in a meat sauce and both were wonderful.If you're hung up on the fact that you just don't know what to expect from Afghan food, don't be.  It's this wonderful hybrid between Persian and Indian food and that results in something phenomenal.  Give this place a try, it's definitely going to be worth your while.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,2/27/2012,939,379,17,24,21>Thank goodness for yelp and the internet. If we didn't live in this high tech world I would never have thought about stepping into Moscow Deli. First off, I would not have even driven into that center. Moscow deli looks like a old world Russian convenient store. Russian soda, beer, snacks, cured meat, pastries, babushka dolls, and of course sandwiches. I was there for lunch and ordered the odessa and kiev. After ordering you assume that you pay. No, the old lady just walked away. Ok. So we sat at one of the two tables with the 80's - 90's plastic table cloth with the yellow flowers (yea, my mom had that) and just waited for our food. The sandwiches came out and they were humungous. The odessa was stacked with kielbasa, lettuce, tomato, and the odessa sauce which tasted garlicy and a hint if spice. The odessa had layers of flavors and textures and it was simple and delicious. The kieve was stacked with salami, gouda, lettuce, tomato, and Russian dressing. The sauce really makes the sandwhich in my opinion and the sauce on the kiev was just as delicious. The Russian dressing was a little spicy and had a hint of horseraddish. I'm not a fan of horseraddish but I liked the sauce a lot. After we were doen eating we paid and left with half of a sandwich. The sandwhices were too big to finish and made a great snak for later. Will definitely visit mother Russia very soon.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,2/26/2012,457,372,34,31,34>American Koreans are doin' a brand new dance now(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)I know you'll like it too, just gotta give it a chance now(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)The katsu is so delicate, so fluffy and lightJust dip it in the special sauce and take a big biteSo c'mon c'monDo the YOKO-motion with me.They bring you seeds of sesame with pestle and mortar(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)Grind them for the katsu, if katsu's what you have ordered(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)ON the sesame they pour a sauce that's tangy yet mildEat it with the cabbage and you'll surely go wildSo c'mon c'monDo the YOKO-motion with me.The gakdogee is tasty and the peppers were bold(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)The udon's piping hot, but the soba was cold(c'mon baby, do the YOKO-motion)Free shrimp, potato croquette, and on request, riceThe service was quite adequate, the servers were niceSo c'mon c'monDo the YOKO-motion with me.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,2/24/2012,4561,468,35,36,40>I spent hours at the Bowers.Today was free admission because Target sponsors Free Admission Sundays on the first Sunday of every month.  This month, New Year's was on the first Sunday, so Free Admission was pushed back a week.  My main interest was checking out the Warriors, Tombs & Temples Terracotta Warriors.  The Warriors, Tombs & Temples temporary exhibit was fairly large w/many sculptures.  I accidentally took a pic w/flash and alarm bells sounded.  I felt like there was a jail break or prison riot.  One of the staff just told everyone "No flash photography", not knowing I was the one who did it.  Wheew!  I still had my anonymity.  I noticed that as I was browsing other sections of the Terracotta Warrior exhibit, the alarm went off quite a few more times.  Thankfully, it wasn't me.  There was also a large sculpture of the Medicine Buddha, which I have posted, which I really enjoyed.  I was fascinated by the Scrimshaw Whaling exhibit.  The bones and teeth of sperm whales, porpoises and seals were used to make a myriad of household items and artwork.  Some items included spoons/forks, clothespins, pie crimpers & salt/pepper shakers.  The artwork on whale bone was simply beautiful.  The Spirit & Headhunters exhibit was interesting, too.  Masks, weapons & statues were on display.  I didn't notice the human teeth necklace, or if I did see it, I wasn't aware the necklace was made from human teeth.  Some of the weapons were pretty bad-ass!The Secrets of the Silk Road exhibit was my second favorite exhibit, behind the Warriors, Tombs & Temples.  The skill & dexterity showcased on the intricately carved elephant tusks is truly remarkable.  Seems like artistry on that level has been lost to antiquity.  There were sculptures of horses & camels that were quite lifelike.  There is also an exquisite chess set, too.The permanent exhibits were nice to check out, such as Pio Pico's carriage.  However, I didn't spend as much time there as I did in the featured exhibits.  Funny note-there is a guy dressed as a Terracotta warrior (see pic) that takes pictures with people by the entrance & he periodically walks around the museum.  As the Terracotta warrior walked toward a corner, a teenage woman was also turning the corner on the opposite side & she jumped as he walked by.  Classic!I enjoyed my time at the Bowers Museum.  However, I think the cost of admission is a little too pricy.  My recommendation - Check it out during Free Admission First Sunday!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/23/2012,602,230,24,29,29>On our way to Santa Monica, we decided to partake in breakfast.  I called to make a reservation for two and was asked if I was going to be using a Groupon.  I indicated that I was and was promptly told that since I was going to be using a Groupon, she could not make a reservation for me, however, I was welcome to come by and dine there as a walk-in.  Interesting... Thankfully, it was not crowded.  I was seated immediately, while my hubby found parking.  Hubby ordered coffee and Chilaquilez - South of the border favorite with corn tortillas, eggs, chorizo, cheese, tomato, chile and avocado yelp.com/biz_photos/ZTJw…. Beautifully plated. I opted for a mimosa and Corned Beef Hash - House made corned beef, potatoes, peppers, onion and two poached eggs yelp.com/biz_photos/ZTJw….Hubby was delighted with his dish.  He inhaled all and licked his fingers to boot!  You know it's good when husbands abandon their table manners in front of their wives and know they will face the consequences later.... Muwahahaha...The corned beef hash was fabulous!  Toni M., you have to tell Alan about this place!  This is one for his list.  The corned beef was plentiful, the potatoes and bell peppers were cooked to perfection.  Not quite sure of the perfectly round poached eggs.  Never saw this in a restaurant.  It does well for the presentation, however, darn it!  I am just not accustomed to perfectly round eggs...  Waitress was friendly, attentive and our dishes were served quickly.  Thank goodness since we were famished.Food - 5 Stars!  Doesn't get much better than this for breakfast fareService - 4 Stars Our waitress was wonderful.  Did not start off on the right foot when we tried to make a reservation.  Groupon = no reservation? Ambiance - 4 Stars Nice, very clean.  Quaint with a very small bar.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,2/22/2012,1170,285,30,35,28>When I was younger, mother used to say that coffee would stunt my growth. That's a lie. After many years of secretively sipping on her cup of coffee when she wasn't looking, I still managed to reach 5'4" with every part of me intact. Well, this childhood addiction progressed into adulthood and now I cannot function correctly without a morning cup of joe. Now that's something mother should have warned me about. Coffee to me is like crack to a crackhead. I kid, my addiction isn't THAT bad.However, when I feel the need to satiate such a craving, Coffee Code comes to mind. Unfortunately, it takes me 15-20 minutes to get here so I don't frequent it as much as I'd love to (not because I drive slow, but because it is somewhat far from me).Coffee Code does it right for many reasons.+ Sweet Potato Latte (hot) - If you can get pass the grainy potato texture, you'll be able to down it like a shot of tequila. The sweet potato is slightly sweetened and blended with the perfect amount of milk, leaving it with a delicate potato flavor. It's such a wonderful option when I'm not looking for something caffeinated, especially right before bedtime.+ Eiskaffee - Their signature drink. A MUST TRY FOR FIRST-TIMERS. A strong cup of espresso with a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream. How could you go wrong?! The vanilla ice cream makes a big difference and although Coffee Code isn't an ice cream parlor, they have the best vanilla ice cream ever!! Too bad they won't spill the beans on who supplies their ice cream. You'll be swooning over this. I guarantee it (and I never say "guarantee" unless I meant it).+ Green Tea Latte - No need to travel to LA anymore. Coffee Code's green tea latte is very comparable to Urth Caffe's. Another non-caffeinated winner!+ Caramel Latte & Hazelnut Latte - Passable by coffee standards. The coffee art is also a nice touch.+ Berry Berry Waffle - A freshly made waffle topped with strawberries, banana, kiwi, blueberries, whipped cream, and their oh-so-delicious vanilla ice cream. It's so good that I forgot I was on a diet.+ Service - Spectacular. You'll never feel rushed and the baristas greet you each and every time. They're quick to clear off tables and make sure you're comfortably accommodated.+ Ambiance - Very clean. The walls are painted a deep red with Parisian influenced wall art, although a Korean coffee shop in retrospect. What I consider to be patio furniture makes for their seating area with a small sofa nook in the corner.If Coffee Code was open any earlier or located any closer, my addiction would be out of control. This is one of the best coffee shops in OC. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a cute and cozy coffee shop.Tip: Get a stamp card. Buy 5 drinks, get one free.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/21/2012,979,924,12,16,14>Merely Sweets is a female epicure's dream.  In an area where "bakery" means a bagel shop or a place that serves bear claws, Merely Sweets is a sleek, glamorous bake shop that specializes in delicious, fancy delights.The shop is super modern with a combination of translucent and opaque glass.  They use an IPad as a register (ask for a receipt, its kind of fun) and are pristine in their packaging.  Everything is individually wrapped in its own box with adorable labels and bows.  Excellent for gift giving.  We ordered a slice of their Chocolate Java Cake, which was rich and chocolatey but not overly sweet.  The balance of the chocolate cake and the mocha mousse was just right.  The Fruit Tart is one of the best I've eaten in a while.  The creamy, vanilla studded custard was topped with raspberries and blackberries.  I also ordered 1 dozen of the macarons in each flavor other than hazelnut chocolate, which had already sold out by the time I arrived in the late morning.  My take on the best and worst are below and FYI: the remainder (dark chocolate, vanilla, and pistachio) were all average. My favorite macarons:- Gingerbread:  surprisingly, I thought the spiced filling was really warming and autumnal- Green Tea: with a potent matcha filling- Earl Grey: subtle and elegant with a beautiful bergamot fragrance- Salted Caramel:  really luscious salty caramel inside Least favorite macarons:- Lemon: I know this flavor is hard, but this one tasted artificial- Raspberry: not a fan of preserves as the fillingOne thing I did note was how quickly the macarons got stale.  I ate a few the first day and they were chewy and soft the way I like them.  But by the next day, the rest of the macarons were already hard and crunchy.  I'm a little perplexed by this since I've eaten other bakery macarons more than 1 day after purchase and did not experience this textural problem.   Another gripe is that I don't like the use of artificial coloring, especially that doesn't match the flavor.  I find it confusing that vanilla and early grey ones are blue, hazelnut is purple, and gingerbread is red.  It enables the shop to do a true rainbow of colors but my preference is for more flavor matching colors.I'll definitely be coming back.  There was plenty of other cake flavors to try as well as other sweet snacks by the register.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,2/20/2012,879,320,22,31,32>This place embodies what the coffee culture in OC should aspire to be, if there was a coffee culture in OC.  And rather than getting all prolific on you, I'm just going to ask you to trust me on this one.  This is no Starbucks or some wannabe place brewing some random fair trade coffee ground to a #7 for flat filter.  Portola Coffee Lab takes this shit seriously -- so seriously that they've got a veritable O-Chem experiment going on which just goes to show they're more legit that you could even imagine.  Portola Coffee embodies a seriousness akin to that of Blue Bottle up in the Bay Area.That said, their beans roasted in house are phenomenal and their drip coffee is drop dead amazing (halogen siphon bar and Hario v60 brewing methods, hence the O-Chem ref).  However, I absolutely love them for their mochas -- yes, those girly drinks normally meant for amateur coffee drinkers are now anything but.  The housemade ganache is not too sweet, and mixes excellently with their perfectly steamed milk.  Cupping a mug (complete with foam leaf art) and sitting on the sofa is enough to transport you back to the nostalgia of the Central Perk Coffee House of Friends, sans the cheesiness.  I f'n love this place.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,2/18/2012,733,86,36,42,43>ice cream somehow has the power to mend a broken heart, make a fight between lovers seem less intense, not getting a promotion more bearable, getting that C in organic chemistry hurt a little less, and helps that bubu go away when you fall off that bike.  yeah, ice cream has that kind of power.the origin of ice cream dates back to millenniums, but we have been scooping up this delectable treat in america for only two centuries.  why do we like it so much?  this cold, sweet, & creamy dessert?  well, if every parlor makes them as well as the ones sold at Hans', then there is no reason to question why.  Hans' has been making them for almost 4 decades now.  no need to question, just lick and enjoy.this place screams old-time charm because of their old-time decor.  it probably hasn't seen a remodel since it opened in 1972, but it works.   it's one of those places that Normal Rockwell would choose as a subject in his paintings.  SINGLE SCOOP: $3.50DOUBLE SCOOP: $5.00PINT SIZE CONTAINER:  $5.75(1) BORDEAUX CHERRY was my favorite that i tried.  had little bits of cherry mixed in and not too sweet.  reminds me of Rite Aid's black cherry ice cream but of course a lot better.(2) ROOT BEER MARBLE was also another winner.  however, i don't really taste the root beer flavor.  nevertheless, ice cream was rich & smooth(3) WILDBERRY was amazing!  not too sweet either -- just perfect(4) PISTACHIO ALMOND -- a strong pistachio scent that's a bit too pungent.  this is usually my favorite flavor everywhere i go but this wasn't the case here.  tiny bits of almonds mixed in.(5) EGGNOG -- just like the eggnog drink, it's a little too sweet for me.  and i'm guessing it's seasonal anyhow.  these flavors don't suit you?  don't worry -- they have tons of other flavors, esp the classics such as rocky road, chocolate peanut butter, etc.  it's also like a diner -- so they sell sandwiches too!  Happy Sweet Treats =)
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,2/17/2012,438,367,21,24,20>As most know, Shabu Shabu translates to Swish Swish.  Some people believe it's the sound that the cooking meat makes as you move it through the hot soup.  However at the Shabu Shabu Bar it's the sound your sloshing belly makes as you waddle back out the front door.  Joining my wife and I this evening was fellow yelping friends Bob and Ruth T, Chris and Donna D., Chad A., and Steven N.  Bob gave the owners a little heads up that us Yelpers were about to descend on the Shabu Shabu Bar, the result...we were treated like royalty with some special tasting menus set up, so we could really sample all that the Shabu Shabu Bar had to offer.  At first I thought the service and attention was above and beyond, but you can tell they care about every customer here and want everyone to have a fun time.  Case in point, just for checking in you get a 12 shot sake flight for free.  You heard me right, each person gets 12 shots.  Now I found the sake, pretty mild on the alcohol, so don't expect to get loaded, but man it was fun.  With names such as Tiger's Wood and Pimp Juice, you can't help to yell "Kanpai".  We sampled at least 7 different sakes, each served in a very interesting flask that contained a separate compartment for ice to keep the sake nice and chilled.  Ladies, that think they don't like sake, will be pleasantly surprised how sweet they are.So 4 out of the 8 of us were new to Shabu Shabu.  They explained every step, starting with crushing our own sesame seeds to release the flavor prior to adding the sesame goma dipping sauce.  The other dipping sauce was ponzu.  Then out came a hot sauce, so hot that it was only served with an eye dropper.  Like a chemist, our server proudly dispensed  one drop at a time, by request.  He waited as I sampled the sauce, before moving on.  The winning formula for me was 3 drops in the goma, 1 drop in the ponzu, and 2 drops in the boiling soup.  The soup base, which starts out as plain water, will be heated in front of you like a fondue restaurant.  Rather than leaving it up to you they get a nice mixture going of Soy Sauce, Red Chili Oil, Chili powder seasoning mix, garlic, green onions, and diakon.  A very large selection of veggies are brought out to get started cooking in the soup, since they take a little longer than the meat.  It is recommended not to add the noodles until the very end, that way you can enjoy your bowl of soup after your main course.For the main course each couple had a meat sampler and a seafood sampler.  It was gluttony for sure.  Pork, Chicken, Ribeye Steak, Salmon, Scallops, and Shrimp.  All served raw, but would cook so quickly in the soup, that you could over cook it if you weren't careful.  Just move it back and forth a few times and there you go.  The salmon was cut about 1/2 inch thick, so you could keep the inside nice and rare.  The scallops were butterflied, which allowed you to fully cook them without over cooking them.  All the meats were freeze dried and sliced razor thin on site.  When you look at the menu, you'll see Ribeye, Prime, Kobe, and Wagyu beef.  Our host was nice enough bring out a small sample of the Prime and Kobe to try.  You would think that freeze drying high grade beef, would be disrespectful and ruin the quality.  I was shocked at how much better the prime was, and of course the Kobe was even better.  You could really taste the marbling in each.  Now don't let this stop you from ordering the basic Ribeye steak which is very good.  We didn't get to try the Wagyu beef.  It has to be ordered 48 hours in advance, as it is flown in from Japan.  It's also twice the price of the Kobe.  Our server said he has tried it and it has the texture of butter.  It just melts in your mouth.  We kind of felt that way with the Kobe, so I can't imagine taking it up to another level.Ok so you are shabuing your meat around in the soup, then dipping in the tasty sauces and eating it over rice.  Grabbing some veggies as well with each bite.  Just when you are stuffed.  Your learn that just like Hobbits have 2nd breakfast, Shabu'ers have 2nd dinner.   You are reminded about the noodles that you were told to save.  The noodles and whatever is left on your veggie plate gets poured into the soup bowl to cook.  A new soup bowl is given and they will mix some more soy sauce, chili oil, and seasonings.  Then on top of that your soup is poured.  Let me tell you, this is some of the most delicious and flavorful soup you will ever slurp up.  It has to be, because you are so full, you really shouldn't eat it, but it's a sin to waste it.  Bob and Ruth T. suggest to bring a container to take it home.  That's a great idea, it will make a great lunch the next day.  I'm surprised they don't have to go containers available.  Not that we asked, but I think you are on your own with that one.This was my first Shabu and not my last.  Our group agreed that it was the best they've had and I can't imagine any better.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,12/24/2012,21,30,1,7,7>We celebrated my husbands birthday dinner here this weekend.  We both really enjoyed everything we ordered. We both had ordered the petite filet and shared 3 side dishes- corn, spinach, and garlic potatoes. For desert we had the chocolate lava cake which was just amazing.  Everything we ordered was vey good! Service here was also wonderful!      However, the portion sizes for the price here were more expensive when you compare them to other steakhouses such as Mastro's and Morton's where the portion sizes are not only much larger but also the atmosphere is also much much nicer! (quieter and more intimate/romantic).     As for the ambience, this isn't a quiet, romantic restaurant like other reviewers also mentioned too. The atmosphere here is extremely loud and lively. It would be very hard to carry on a conversation in the main dining room (luckily we had sat in a nice booth in the back room where we can hear each other). Also, It had much more of a trendy feel to it, but not like a really like a high- end steakhouse. Much better for a group setting or a family outing instead. Tip: Sit in the back room in a booth (there are a few booths in the back room) This area was much more quiet and had a much more cozy/ intimate feel to it.     Overall, this place had wonderful food, but for the price and the atmosphere I would definitely choose Mastro's or even Morton's over this. I prefer more of a quiet/intimate  atmosphere especially when celebrating a special occasion. Also, Costco has discounted Fleming's gift cards so if you come here definitely use some of those.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,12/23/2012,353,333,16,21,16>Came here on a Tuesday night with a group of 10 people, and although they don't take reservations, I arrived early and secured us a spot.  They still basically held our table for us. It's $20 AYCE here.  They've given witty names to all of their dishes, so you're likely to be surprised by your waiter coming up and to you and pointing at a meat dish and exclaiming:"You won't know it till you try," "I KNOW, THAT'S WHY I ORDERED IT.""Actually, that's the name of the dish.""Oh, I guess I'm the a-hole now."Some Highlights:Legitimately some of the biggest pieces of pork belly I've ever seen at a KBBQ joint.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Imfu…Another action shot:  yelp.com/biz_photos/Imfu…-The Bulgogi is some of the best I've had anywhere.  This is a must order.- The pork belly was delicious, and it's good luck if you lick it before you cook it (a true story, I swear it). - The Hot Piggy dish is a little spicy, but with some earthy and full bodied flavors... this one was a solid choice too.-  The brisket is always worth it.  It's a wide open restaurant, but you'll still end up smelling smoky.  The service was adequate, and they'll cut / cook your food if you don't shoo them away.  Overall it's a strong addition to the area, and you don't have to drive up to Garden Grove to get a great KBBQ experience.4 Stars.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,12/21/2012,930,869,23,23,21>Don't know much about historyDon't know much "Pieology"Don't know much about a science bookDon't know much about the "Italian" I tookAn adaption of an oldie but goodie, just like this place which kind of re-invents a very old food concept.  Sometimes less is better.  When I was in Rome earlier this year, I had a "Roman" pizza at a tiny place around the corner from the Vatican.  I had never heard of a Roman pizza.  All it contained was chicory, anchovies and a drizzle of olive oil on a rectangular crust:  I thought it was the best pizza I have had in my life.  Similarly, I never took Italian in school, but what I did learn was self-taught via a dictionary, verb book and phrase book.  I wanted to impress a girl I was visiting.  After 6 months of e-mailing her only in Italian, she decided she liked me better speaking English.  WOMEN!  There went my $50 in books!!! - LOLI came here after reading my Yelp sister Maila H.'s review (she's Hawaiian/Filipino just like me - She's also much better looking!).  The menu is very simple as are the pizzas.  They have pizzas, salads, drinks and ding dongs (Yeah, you heard me right, ding dongs for a $1.50!).  You can make your own pizza (including gluten free crust for $1 more), or you can choose from the seven standard pizzas, including an eighth which is the Pizza of the Month.  All of the pizzas are $7.50.  Full salads are $7 and half salads are well, half price.  The Pizza of the Month was Thai Chicken, which reminded me of CPK, so I ordered the #5 instead - Mozzarella, parmesan, ricotta, basil and olive oil.  Pizzas are made to order and come out in about 5 minutes.  The crust is super thin, which is fine by me.  I prefer to taste my toppings vs eating a gutbuster Pizza Hut version that is all crust.  The cheese is super fresh and the combo of mozzarella, parmesan and ricotta was well thought out.  The basil and olive oil are a nice touch because I don't care for red sauce on my pizza:  4 Stars.I also had a half classic salad that came with walnuts, cranberries and feta cheese.  The salad was a nice finish after the pizza which, as you can imagine was super rich with all the cheese.  My entire meal was $15 (with a $1.50 soda and tip), and I was pretty full afterwards:  4 Stars.The ambiance is minimalist, but pretty clean.  The Manager stopped by to say hello.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.  The place was packed at noon on a Mon, so I was glad that I arrived early.  This place is about a 15 min drive from work and well worth it.  I can't wait to learn more about Pieology! (As for the Italian, maybe I need to find a new Italian gf - LOL!).
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/20/2012,154,356,13,16,15>Bella Cuba is a solid 4 star Cuban restaurant.  It is located in a shopping center right off Bristol in Costa Mesa.  It is sort of tucked away in the development, but if you can find Red Robin across the parking lot, you can find Bella Cuba.We came for lunch on a Saturday with our two boys.  The boys were very grumpy and did not want to come.  That is usually a harbinger of doom for our eating out experiences, but the wife and I soldiered on.  I am happy that the boys did not deter us.The staff was very polite.  They brough water for us and kept our drinks filled throughout the meal. My wife ordered the rope beef dish.  She said it was very good.  I ordered a pork dish similar to carnitas but with a garlic sauce.  Lots of garlic in this meal.  The meals came with rice and beans.  We also ordered plantains to share.Everything was very flavorful.  Some Cuban food I have had is rather bland.  Not Bella Cuba food.  There is a strong garlic component here with just a bit of heat and sour to make the food interesting.My only issue with Bella Cuba was the price.  Lunch for for the four of us including two kids meals was in the $50 - 60 range.  That is a bit steep for lunch unless it is a special occasion.I would definitely go back to Bella Cuba, but I don't think I will be a frequent customer due to the price to value ratio.  I think this is a good choice for a special occasion like a birthday dinner or Mother's or Father's Day.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/19/2012,596,450,26,30,31>"If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go where fashion sits...Puttin' on the Ritz".bit.ly/XLOZBgEven though we are almost never blue, every now and again the Beautiful Carin and I like to go where "fashion sits" and sit for spell and be fashionable, ourselves.We are, in fact (well OK, Carin is) extremely fashionable... so we fit right in with all the blonde, bronzer'd, botoxed, boob-jobbed and bejeweled patrons of the Ocean Club.And even though I generally wear cargo shorts, golf shirts and flip-flops, I somehow lend an air of refinement and quiet dignity to any establishment that I patronize.I think it has something to do with how much I spend and how much I tip.And at Mastro's, I always seem to spend and tip plenty!From the valet (to make sure that they don't ding the door of our ride against some of the more pedestrian Ferrari's, Lambo's, McLarens, Bentley's and what have you that litter their parking area...I would, however, consider it an honor if they dinged my car door against that new Bugatti that I saw), to the outstanding service staff, you'll want to make sure that you grease these folks!And you should want to grease their palms...during your evening at Mastro's you will want for nothing...nothing!That, of course, is assuming that your wallet holds up under the strain!The service is always top shelf at a Mastro's, from the aforementioned valets to the knowledgeable and friendly wait staff (and they always get extra points from me for making a perfect marti and then keeping it icy cold) to the runners who bring out our victuals with the pacing and flair that you expect when drop half a "G" on a leisurely and decadent dinner for two, to Miguel, the personable and charming GM (who always drops by our table to chat when we are there), the Ocean Club runs like my Seamaster...smoothly and effortlessly!In this case, we sat out on the lovely and secluded patio and had a marvelous meal by the fireplace as the sun sank slowly into the pacific Pacific (we even got a rare and gorgeous "Double Sunset"...sure, it's an optical illusion, but still, lovely).We held hands across the table, chatted about our week and the upcoming weekend, sipped our Marti's as we watched the fire in the outdoor fireplace and had a lovely dinner of prawns (as big as most lobsters), Vanilla Battered Sole, Chilean Sea Bass, frenched fries and butter cake...all of it delightful!To "settle our stomachs", we finished off the evening with aperitifs' and coffee and giggled about how thoroughly we enjoyed putting a $500 hole in our children's inheritance!There are a bunch of terrific spots to grab a Friday night bite here in the Garden of Eden by the Beach (or is it Babylon by Beach...I never know for sure), but for me, one of the best choices for seafood is the Ocean Club...for the food, the ambience, the service, the people watching, the sunset watching...it doesn't get much better than this.When you're feeling blue and you don't know where to go to (or maybe you are just in the mood to drop four or five hundo on dinner for two), keep The Ocean Club in mind...and don't let the valets park your ride too close to one of those beater Ferrari's out in the lot...that red paint from the door ding takes some serious elbow grease to rub out.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/18/2012,475,391,20,33,24>I've never been wine tasting before.  And let me tell you, when I go again, that experience is going to have big shoes to fill.  I met the lovely Lili H. and the very fun Risa T. for Duke's class at 6:30.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  The classroom was organized and bright.  Each table had a colorful workbook, pen and two wine glasses.  Delicious duck sausage, two mouthwatering cheeses and breads were available to help clear your palette.Duke took us through a journey of Tuscany.  He presented each wine with the history of the grapes, the region they grow in, and what makes each winery unique.  Knowledgeable about food pairings, he often made suggestions on what wine would accent what foods.  The wines he featured were sublime.  My favorites were the La Castellina Chianti Classico Riserva, The Canneto Vino Nobile di Montepulciano Riserva, and the Vasco Sassetti Brunello Riserva.  If you've ever been on the fence about taking a class, you can't go wrong with Duke!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,12/17/2012,859,701,19,23,24>Delicious entrees and dessert with attentive service. For a birthday celebration with nine people, we were able to get a nice dining room toward the back of the restaurant. My husband ordered the special prime rib dinner (that night's special, not on the menu) and I ordered the petite beef filet. To me, it seemed like it took a while for the food to arrive, but it was worth the wait. The prime rib melts in your mouth. I would recommend the dish to prime rib lovers; they do a great job with this. The petite beef filet, ordered medium rare, was also well prepared. I enjoyed the sweet Cipollini onions and butternut squash that accompanied the filet; however, I did not feel the sun-dried cherries went well with the beef. I found the slight tartness of the cherries distracting. Still, the meat quality was very good and the vegetables were excellent. The sommelier told us that the restaurant has a garden where they grow the organic vegetables used in their meals. The creme brulee we had for dessert was a nice way to end the dinner.With dinner, we received free admission to the Saloon next door. We decided to check it out to see what it was about. It was a bar with a country western band on stage and a packed dance floor. People in cowboy hats and boots were line dancing. It looked to be very popular on a Saturday night. For those of you with interest in attending, there is a dress code. Members of our party wearing flip flops were told they could be in the bar area but could not enter the dance floor. Our group was happy just to check it out.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,12/16/2012,193,232,37,43,40>I wondered, why is it called The Playground?Could have asked Jason, since he was great explaining some dishes, and answering the questions my wife and I had for him. He set the tone - started us off with a great feeling about his place, and the entire evening!That would've been too easy - I think I have this figured this out on my own.Some playground descriptions (slightly edited) from sources on the net:Professionals recognize the social skills developed in the playground become skill sets that are carried forward long into adulthood. People need a space that they can call their own, a place where they can be loud, dirty, silly, spontaneous, and anything else they feel like.Adventure playgrounds can provide such a space even in the middle of a large city.The environment of an adventure playground encourages social interaction.By that criteria The Playground is a perfect name for the culinary adventure we experienced in DTSA as part of a wonderful PYE hosted by Sidney S. and Lili H. Our group was like a bunch of kids having a great time - practicing our social skills of sharing and communicating - feeling right at home, getting loud, dirty (ok, maybe just a bit off color), silly and spontaneous - playing and being adventurous!!I can't say what I enjoyed the most - this night was a five star collaboration of fun people, great service, and playful adventures with food and wine. A great time almost always begins and ends with the people around you. This evening was like a greatest hits of some of my favorite OC Yelpers with a few assorted +1's. We haven't went to any "Official" YE's - I don't have a bunch of name dropping opportunities - so here goes - My wife and I loved seeing Dan H, Jun N, Julie L. and Lica N. again, also getting to meet Julie's husband - all are truly wonderful people and company! I was happy to meet Co-Hosts Sidney S. and Lili H - they did a great job with the nuts and bolts of putting this together, and hosting - both of them going around making sure everyone was having a great time - Lili with her camera and infectious smile, and Sidney sharing his great choices in wine and quick wit. I was glad to meet some Yelp friends for the first time - Randy B and her BF - someone a long time ago had mentioned that sometimes the B stands for being a "B" - nothing could be further from the truth - they were exceptionally nice people!! It was a pleasure to meet Donald S and Carin, I had heard what wonderful people they are - and they exceeded those expectations - let me just say "beautiful people" describes them inside and out! In addition, it was great to meet Tami D, her brother, Drew M and Trina D -  they are all super peeps who I hope to see again. I wish I would have spent a bit more time talking with you! There were a few others who I didn't meet - but actually, I'm kinda uncomfortable approaching people idk - Like when I saw Mi Yun C had arrived - I should've said hello at least.Anyway, my wife was worried that she would only know a couple of people - but everyone was so welcoming and friendly, she had a great time as well. The service was fantastic - friendly and helpful - ensuring that we all enjoyed ourselves, and enjoyed the food - this was something they truly cared about. I have forgotten their names now - but wow - 5 stars all the way - great suggestions and follow up - if something wasn't to our liking - took it off the bill immediately. The food and our enjoyment was the focus! Great atmosphere - communal tables - highly recommended place for a group of people who love to share tastes!!The Menu varies - so items are going to be hits and misses - that's part of the fun!What you can count on is quality ingredients, and innovative combinations at a fair price. My wife was very happy with her trout, the maple glazed pork chop was a big hit with me (and some others), I liked the vanilla glazed carrots and we both enjoyed the foie gras. Price is similar to high end sushi - my advice - ask for recommendations of the servers - be adventurous with your food choices. Play and enjoy!!Apparently there is a great selection of beer, I have no idea about that - a few of us were gonna bring bottles of wine - seems like almost everyone did - at our table I think bottles of wine outnumbered people 3 to 1!  Showing up a bit late worked out for us - we ended up sitting with Julie L (owner of OC Wine Mart) - score for great wines there!! IDK if there are zero corkage fees all the time - but there were none for our party that evening - and the servers were really great about it - so much so that we invited them to have some tastes with us toward the end of the evening - another testament to how wonderful and personable the servers are.I was hoping this event would be a great way to experience The Playground, and I was right. A lot of fun with some friends - just the way a playground should be.  Get out and play!!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/15/2012,375,190,16,22,16>I seriously live 5 minutes from this place, drive pass it all the time, have heard all the rave reviews and still never dared to stop by b/c of the reports of the dreaded long lines.  Well, that changed this past weekend.  I came here on a Friday and Sunday...I'm going to get fat!So for anyone who doesn't know why the lines are ridiculous at certain times, here;s the scoop:The famed Blueberry Donuts are made fresh starting at 9:00pm at night  until around 3 or 4 am.  Yes...9pm -4am...wth?  Weird hours right?   Whatever is left over is sold during the "normal person's" morning until they close around lunch time.So if you don't want to stand in line, in the cold, with no where to sit, in a poorly lit parking lot with homeless people hanging around....stop by during normal doughnut eating hours.  Problem solved!!  I got here on Friday at 9:30am....no line and again Sunday at 11am...no line.  Granted, the blueberry doughnuts are no longer fresh...but they are still super delish!!  Pop those bad boys in a toaster oven when you get home...and viola....doughnut heaven perfection!!  As others have said, they still taste good the next day and aren't greasy.  I liken them to the moist yet crusty muffin tops we all love...but the whole doughnut is like that!Heads up, this place looks like a Java Hut...with no "real" doughnut menu...so I'm guessing the blueberry doughnuts are around 75 cents each?  They have other items listed on the "drive-thru" menu and only a "drink menu" at the walk up window.  So you basically just have to guess.  I find that odd. Thankfully, nothing here seems to be expensive.   Also, the dirty parking lot in front of Food-4-Less makes this little gem less appealing....especially if I were to come back at night.  Luckily there are a million people in line at night but still...5 stars for the doughnuts, hot chocolate, and great service with a smile!  3 stars for location and lack of seating, shade, or anything other than a curb to hang out....so 4 stars overall!Blueberry doughnut heaven perfection....I can't wait until we meet again....my thighs say NOOOO, but my mouth says....Oh YEAH!!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,12/14/2012,677,614,11,14,13>I've been hoping and hoping a juice bar would open in Long Beach and lo and behold, I saw that a Nekter Juice Bar had opened at the Marketplace. It's in a great location right next to Trader Joe's with various workout studios nearby so it's perfect for stopping by for a little pick me up after sweating your booty off or  your grocery shopping.They have a variety of fresh pressed juices made with veggies and fruits in combinations to target specific needs from a toxin flush to an energy boost. They also have shots, smoothies, and bowls with acai and fruits blended together and topped with granola. Service is friendly and you get a free juice if you write a yelp review, get 10% if you check in on Facebook, and they also have a rewards card where you can get stamps/hole punches for a free drink when you've accumulated enough.They do 1-3 day customized juice cleanses which range in price but they also have ready-made 1 day cleanses for $52 which work out just as well. Such a great addition to the neighborhood. Love it!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,3/26/2010,645,409,6,11,10>This truly is a hidden gem in an unassuming strip mall!  Thanks to Pot Au Feu, Pho is now once again a favorite dish of mine.  I ordered the Pho #1 (House Special Combo) that has everything in it.  The filet mignon was tender and fresh, but most importantly the broth was hot and flavorful.  I had regular size but it had good amount of noodles.  At first I didn't think I'd be able to finish it, but it was sooo good that I kept eating byte after byte, sip after sip.  All I can say is GREAT PHO!I also love the Thai Iced Tea.  It came in a large sealed to-go cup which I am glad because after the pho, I was stuffed, so I had to take it to go.  Most times I find restaurants make it too sweet, but here  it is PERFECT!My mom had the broken rice dish and it was pretty good, too.  The only complaint was that the rice was a little over-cooked.  I probably won't recommend coming here for the rice dish.  But the PHO is excellent!  I will definitely come back here for Pho.  The restaurant is clean, service is very friendly.  It's not crowded which means I could actually enjoy my food!  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers (especially Chad A.) for your reviews!  Great job guys!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,3/25/2010,1968,2065,18,20,18>Sweet Apple Butter for Your Delicious Muffin!Started my 3-Day-Mini-Vacation with a great breakfast. What a way to start those 3 superb days! Costa Mesa/New Port Beach is my favorite area in the OC. So, what a blessing the area has with such a great breakfast place as this! The Parlor even sports a Costa Mesa Omelette (Eggs, Cheddar, Avocado). There was minimal avocado..thus the loss of a star.             Apple ButterThis is 5 stars and is delicious.Spread it all over your muffin and enjoy!Bath Room was as stinky as H***! Hopefully they fixed it. Costa Mesa Omelette Parlor..Another reason the OC is the  best place to live!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2010,3/24/2010,4436,699,12,20,15>The owner is a really nice guy and I met some of the staff when I came here for food last week. They have a beautiful restaurant and friendly staff. This is a great place to come and smoke hookah and have a good time with friends. However, the food is another story.I ordered the chicken kabob and the gyro fries. The chicken kabob tasted ok, but the rice was not that good quality. It was decent, but not the best.  It wasn't like persian quality rice with saffron and spices. While the chicken kabob was okay, I didn't like the fact that they use leg and thigh meat. If I order chicken kabob, at least give me chicken breast meat.The "feta gyro fries" were kind of weird. I mean the feta was melted on top and they had BBQ sauce with gyro meat? Its kind of odd. It tasted okay, but it was different for me. The gyro meat on the fries was soso, not the best quality gyro meat I have had. However, the grilled vegetables were incredible. They were very flavorful and tender.Also, I think I am spoiled by going to restaurants like Open Sesame and Sunnin in Long beach. Their food is beyond incredible, with great quality of meat, spices and flavor, so I was a bit disappointed by this place. Don't get me wrong, this place is AMAZING for hookah, but the food is just soso. If you want a great hookah bar thats open late then by all means come here, but the food is A Ok ! A decent hookah joint in Fullerton!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,3/23/2010,309,307,23,19,18>The bun bo hue sweats get me every time.... My SPS (sweats per second) are greater while eating bun bo hue than running a marathon or a full day snowboarding. It's simple science. Throughout my life I've been told that I'm a lucky person and I've never understood why. I never win big in Vegas, I never win raffles, I can't come close to guessing the number of jelly beans in a mason jar, birds still sh$* on my newly washed car, my wine seems to be corked more than not, and I fall on my face when bicycling. Go figure.... I guess luck just comes in all shapes and sizes. Maybe my luck is having great friends who selflessly "watch-over" me. I call them my "Viet Food Angels". While Charlie's Angels are fighting crime, Rhett's Angels are fighting food mediocrity. Because of these Angels I've been privileged to some amazing places, unforgettable foods, and sooo goooot times. I simply show up and the "Viet Angels" take care of it all. My job is to eat... life is great! Ngu Binh is a simple family run restaurant no bigger than "yay" which serves some amazing Bun Bo Hue and Banh Beo. I've had Bun Bo Hue numerous times in the past and this time was just as good as the first. It has officially been added to my comfort food repertoire. Super flavorful lemon grass and chili broth really harmonizes with the tender beef brisket, chewy noodles, and the delicate accoutrement. But let me tell you, this soup will open every orifice and just drip. Love it! On my last visit I was introduced for the first time to Banh Beo. Banh Beo are small steamed rice cakes topped with savory ingredients such as chopped shrimp, scallions, mung bean paste, fried shallots (hanh phi), fish sauce, and a fried pork rines. The texture of the rice cake is gummy and blends well with topped ingredients. It reminds me of a deconstructed Banh Cuon. Super duper good! When I come back I plan on bringing a ShamWow for the bun bo hue sweats and eating a dozen or so Banh Beo's all for myself.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,3/22/2010,153,221,11,14,16>When a barber phantoms out of your life(this time Pedro @ The Parlor) the anxiety is ruthless. Yelp led me to the well again with a proximity search. Ray's showed up very near my work and based on Tony G.'s lone review I took the plunge.  Ray's is very easy to miss and I will get to the specifics later in my review. This is a tiny two chair barber shop, nothing fancy and nothing repulsive.  Ray finished up his lunch and I proceeded with my best effort to explain what I wanted. The result was a very clean, razor sharp cut exactly how I pictured it.  Small talk, TV and very laid back; Ray trys to get to know you. Crippled with a tricky location, I'm hoping a few positive Yelp reviews will give this shop some much deserved attention. With the growing trend of the retro Barber Shops, the prices at these places have also escalated. At the time of this review, my cut cost me $7.50. Don't let the low price deceive you though. Ray's is the real deal. -West Side of Beach, north of Hazard--BEHIND the right side of Salon Katelyn--Cash Only--Razor/Scissor Combo--Ste. M-
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,3/21/2010,559,755,12,13,13>I've had Benjie's Deli bookmarked ever since I read about it in Westways magazine over a year ago.  What was stopping me from trying it?  A) the photos of the interior of the restaurant, and B) why would a Jewish deli be located in Santa Ana?  How authentic can it be?Don't be like I was.  Just go to Benjie's and try it.  Sure, it's an old restaurant, but it has been around since 1967.  And even though the address is Santa Ana, it's practically in Tustin.  Are there a lot of Jews in Tustin?  Maybe, maybe not, but let me tell you, the food is good!My turkey sandwich was on the best rye bread I've had in ages.  The turkey was perfect, not dry, and sliced the right thickness.  It's served with only a bit of lettuce, just like it should be.  Yellow mustard and deli mustard are brought to the table, so you can put as much or as little on as you like.  I also really liked the coleslaw.  My favorite is to put some on my sandwich.I wasn't a fan of the pickles, but that's okay.  The matzo ball soup was pretty solid, with a good broth, fluffy matzo ball, some chicken, and carrots; simple and good.I'll definitely come back to Benjie's.  I can't believe I waited this long to try it!  What a great alternative to Jerry's Famous Deli.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,3/20/2010,915,683,11,13,12>One of the best Indian buffets ever!  I normally hate buffets, don't even do them in Vegas.  Lunch buffets are common at Indian restaurants and I do make the occasional exception for them alone.Came here with fellow yelper Al S and we were both initially impressed with the decor, me more so as I had been to the nasty bar that  was previously  housed here.  An incredible transformation!A large party was filtering out as I approached the door, yes!  They were all Indian, great so far.  We didn't arrive until 1:00 so were practically the only ones in the main dining room, cool, wont have to battle with others for the steam tables.The dishes looked great, and even though we came behind that large party everything appeared to have been replenished and tidied up.The variety was just ok, no fish dishes or lamb, I guess for $6.99 one cant complain. What was there; chicken curry, tikka masala, tandoor etc was all excellent, definitely had my fill of chicken.  The veggie dishes were wonderful as well, especially the spinach and these little veg croquet looking things, the card said "veggie appetizer", really good with their version of spicy mint sauce, one of the best I have had.After I was on my way back to the table with my 1st of 2 plates I flashed on Justin A's yelp re; the samosas being the star of the show.?  No damn somosas....wtf?  Just then one of the waiters walked by; scuze me I heard your samosas are the bomb but I don't see any.  "No samosas today".  I commented; " ah very tricky, so that's how you'll get us to return ay"?  Couple of minutes later two fresh/hot samosas were plopped in front of us.  Really?  Never seen that in ANY buffet EVAH!  I love these people and this place. They were terrific too, especially with the killer mint sauce splashed on.We lingered for a while after our awesome lunch and chatted with one of the partners, Mike Patel, about he and his partners history and their future vision.  Mike is one of the warmest, and funny, restaurateurs I have encountered, he and I even discovered we have a mutual friend.  Cant believe I could ever have such a great lunch time dining experience at a buffet. Great time Al S, thanks for being such a wonderful dining companion and making my first ever non-event face to fellow yelper meeting so enjoyable. And thanks fellow yelpers, especially Justin A, for the heads-up.Can't wait to return for dinner and try a lamb dish, bet that will earn them that 5th star.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,3/19/2010,187,1126,9,13,11>When my fellow Yelper Chris D writes a great review on a place, I listen! The hubby and I came on a Friday night around 6pm, and there were a lot more people than I thought there would be. I don't know if it was because it was pre Valentine's Day, but they were doing pretty good business. I spied a musician setting up in the corner and my heart sank. I usually don't like live music in a restaurant because they tend to be too loud and disruptive to conversation. But oh well, we were already seated and I just wanted to try out the food despite potentially disastrous live music. They have a pretty good number of offerings on their menu, and I ended up getting the regular ceviche (per Chris D's raves) and a caesar salad. The hubby got Spicy Chicken, which turned out to be kind of a yellow curry dish. I also ordered my first Peruvian beer ever--Cristal, a pleasant lager. I totally dug their warm pieces of bread with the green dipping sauce (aji)--very tasty. While waiting for our food the musician started and I braced myself. Surprisingly, he turned out to be pretty good, and he wasn't too loud. Basically he played the saxophone with accompaniment from the synthesizer. At first it was sounding a little cheesy but after a while I started to get into it. The sax was nice and he'd mix up the slow romantic stuff with singing perky Latin numbers. Overall, thumbs up to the musician. Their caesar salad was underwhelming, pretty run-of-the-mill (watery dressing, out-of-the-box croutons and cheese), but their ceviche was outstanding. Large chunks of red snapper and huge-ass Peruvian corn kernels in a citrusy bath--I dug it. The accompanying sweet potato slices were totally yummy too (soft-cooked, sweet with hint of cinnamon). The hubby's Spicy Chicken was good, but a tad bland. I liked how soft the potatoes were cooked and overall it was a tasty dish. Service was good and prices were reasonable. It ended up being a very pleasant night out and I do believe we shall visit it again!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,3/18/2010,368,185,16,23,23>2 words for you: Avocado smoothieIf you're Asian, or better yet, Vietnamese, you probably love Avocado smoothies (and they're quite common around coffeeshops/juice bars in Little Saigon)If you're not Asian, the concept of an Avocado smoothie probably sounds nasty because you wouldn't think the two would mix.. well.. try it out and thank me later! :D They are surprisingly delicious, smooth and creamy.. and at this new little food to go joint, they make em fresh and GOOD.. real good.My family decided to pay a visit because my dad knows the owner of the place, super nice friendly guy btw. He offered me and my brother a couple of drinks, which we decided on Orange and Avocado. While waiting for our drinks to be made, I saw one of the ladies freshly peeling an orange and later with the avocados, which surprised me, not gonna lie!A few minutes later, she handed our blended treats with a sincere smile on her face. After the first sip of my smoothie I was shocked with how tasty it was! suuuuper delicious =9 I've always had avocado smoothies at Lee's (which are mediocre) but the quality and difference of this food to go place right across the plaza is so much better! Full of flavor, not bland whatsoever, and oh so creamy and smooth. My brother's Orange smoothie was also very delicious since it was made with fresh squeezed OJ. They have a ton of other flavors that I would try out next time, like strawberry/durian/taro etc. I'm sure they could make a really good iced coffee too after trying how delicious our smoothies were.They also have a lot of freshly made food they can pack to go for you like noodles, fried rice, spring rolls, etc. Everything on their menu has pictures so you'll know exactly what you're ordering and what it looks likes.. or you can just point at the stuff behind the glass for them to pack up for you. Either way works :PDefinitely coming back for another avocado smoothie fix soon! yum yum! :)
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,3/17/2010,412,769,22,33,27>I took off work today since I was due for my annual physical. My doctor office in Fountain Valley is next to the 405 fwy so I planned on checking out Moscow Deli for lunch. I used to live down the street from this place but never once tried it. After walking around the store a bit I ordered a Kiev sandwich and a small cold borscht soup to go. While waiting for my sandwich to be made I picked up a tub of house made new pickles, pickled red tomatoes, potato/onion perogies, candy, dark rye bread, and I had them slice me a few pieces of two different mystery cakes. I have no clue what they are but I'll try it out tonight after dinner. The Kiev sandwich has a variety of thinly sliced salamis, smoked gouda, lettuce, and Russian dressing served on dark rye. I was very disappointed when I got home and found no pickles in the sandwich as the menu stated and no pickle on the side. Why even have these descriptions if you're not going to follow it? Luckily I bought a giant tub of pickles there so that was remedied fast :-D. This sandwich was great. Nice smokey flavor from the cheese and saltiness from the cured meats... the Russian dressing had a slight horseradish kick to it and balanced it out perfectly. The new pickle tasted fresh out of the garden with a slight hint of brine flavor. Since it's "new" it's still crunchy with cucumber being the main focus on flavor, not brine. The borscht here isn't the purple crap you get out of a jar from the Kosher section of your local supermarket. The Russian version of borscht has thin slices of beets, cabbage, and celery in a nice tomato broth. It's very hearty and delicious with a slight sourness to it from the cabbage. It's like a German goulash and a stuffed cabbage had a baby and called it Borscht..... kind of what the flavors reminded me of if that makes any sense. Anita L. mentioned beef in the borscht but there was zero in mine..... I'm not a big sour cream fan so I just had it straight up. I thought the Russian ladies that worked here were very friendly. As others point out they don't speak much English but It thought it just added to the charm of the place. I'll be back to check out the potato pancakes and dumplings next time. Be warned..... this place is not cheap. With my small amount of purchases it came to 40 bucks.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,12/21/2010,468,276,23,23,21>An hour after of trying to figure out what I would say to ease my way into the review that is "Deli-Licious", there is no other way for me to establish a controlled pace. All the excitable cells in my hypothalamus rendered a positive feedback with no interrupting signal except for the last bite. First of all, fellow yelper and friend Chris "Blak Kraka" C. and I came in 10 minutes till closing. We saw the closed sign turned but the door was still opened. Yes, I can read but the waters always, always, ALWAYS have to be tested. I'm sure she couldn't wait to get her weekend started especially since it's a Friday, but she kept a bright, warm and welcoming smile. She even said, "Please, c'mon in. I'm going to be here a while so you guys can even sit inside and eat!" I replied with, "Want me to help with your outdoor furniture? It's the least I can do for you accomodating us.." She laughs. I believe I diverted the awkward feeling of being the last minute (so to speak) shopper/consumer. I ask, "Since it's my first time here, what would you suggest?" She said  "Sue's Chicken-Avocado Caprese." Avocado? Chicken? Caprese? In a sandwich? That's possible? That's genius! My eyes lit up, my nucleus accumbens recieved an electrical charge, my dominant knee buckled and I made a mess in my trousers. "Sold" says I with a squeaky voice, "And I'd like a sweetened black tea." I added as I staggered to the nearest table. Every bite was heavenly. Like the choir of angels singing in the Disney movie "Sword in the Stone" whilst Arthur was pulling Excalibur for use as a replacement sword. Furthermore, I've decided that I'd take a menu and use it as a checklist. I'll try a new sandwich everytime I come here. Hell, I may even find myself studying here because the atmosphere inside the restaurant is very nice. I bear such a heavy heart knowing that I wasn't going to be able to make it here the 20th of November, 2010 as Deli-licious was going to have their first time opening on a Saturday after their first year (and first quarter) of business through a UYE.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,12/20/2010,384,108,11,12,12>Every now and then, there comes a concept which if properly acted upon becomes a sensation overnight. Kogi is one of them. Most people will and do say " psssh,I could've came up with that" but the truth is,they didn't! Kogi did. In the end, there's nothing wrong with mixing a lil Korean flavor with some latin flare.I've had Kogi about 2 or 3 times before and everytime I had it, it felt like the first time I tried it.It never gets old. Blackjack quesadilla is on top of my list alongside the short ribs tacos. I usually check on twitter where Kogi is at and if they're in my radius, it is game on. Nothing beats looking around town for these little Kogi trucks and I've been very fortunate to not have to wait in long lines. Kogi is real people food. Ain't no Frenchie with a Michelin star working over here, best believe that.Last time I went, Naranja had a Mexican lady making my food. Didn't speak English which was fine with me.She made the best taco ever.They could care less about how they serve it to you too. On a paper plate, that's how. Straight up paper plate. Just the way I like it.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,12/19/2010,410,178,11,18,18>A friend brought me to dinner here last night, he knew I would love it simply because I am not a fan on amercanized sushi. As I walked in and read the sign stating they only serve sushi and handrolls,  then the sign at the sushi bar stating if you prefere to pick your own sushi sit at a table, those signs right there gave them star number 1. We sat at the sushi bar, ready for whatever the chef handed to us and OMFG the toro here is simply amazzzzing!! The chef gave us so much that I cannot even remember everything but I know I was not disappointed by anything! The blue crab hr was very yummy too. All was melt in your mouth goodness.  Also, if you are the type of person who prefers to pick your own sushi, just sit at a table. Omakase style is great, it allows you to try things you sometimes wouldn't try on your own. Although I did enjoy the omakase style the next time I come I probably will sit at a table so i can order more of what I like....Service is anverage, nothing special, it is a pricey place...I think our bill came out to around a little over $200 for two but well worth it....
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,12/18/2010,210,298,10,13,11>Stupid stupid Mayhem.Have you seen that commercial where they had a guy represent bad things that can just happen to your car? Like a irresponsible teenage girl texting in a parking lot while driving then smashes into your car and then leaves without a note? That's Mayhem. God, I love Murphy's Law  (rolls eyes).Entering the 22 freeway, a rock flew into my windshield, chipping it. Oh, and bad things always seems to happen while I'm in my car with my father. I may have to leave him at home more (just kidding).Looked for a windshield repair place, even contemplated doing it myself. That's the Y chromosome for you, folks. (You men know what I'm talking about).Came to Ad Express Auto Glass to have it fixed. It's a little hard to find on 17th St., which becomes Westminster Ave., so keep your eyes peeled for it. The guy running the place was very nice and friendly. The wait wasn't too long; bring reading material because the wait was about half an hour. The results were spectacular! You cannot distinguish the repaired chip to a small watermark left by a droplet of water. The repair was less than 30 bucks.So, you don't have to DIY, Okay? This place is tops, and don't think you can buy some stupid-ass DIY kit from the internet and think you'll come out ahead. If it ever Mayhem comes my way and it involves my windshield, guess where I'm going back to? You got that right.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/17/2010,132,315,8,11,10>I don't usually like shabu, but Ka is the exception.Here's why:-  Good food!  Everything tastes great, is fresh, and presented well.-  Fantastic service!  Everyone who works here is very young, yet super friendly, attentive, and even seemingly happy to be there (not what you'd usually expect from kids THIS young).  I think every single person who was working there the night I went either asked how we were doing and/or helped us along the way.  They mixed/help prep everything for us, and were extremely helpful.-  They're on Restaurant.com!  This brought our pricing down to what would be around $15 including tax & tip per person.  Not bad at all for good food and a fun experience!-  SPICY!  IF you like really spicy stuff, ask them add a drop (ONE DROP) of this "spicy drop" stuff to your ponzu, peanut sauce, and even your soup.  You'll be amazed when they break out an eyedropper and put a single drop of it in your food.  It's supposedly 100x hotter than a jalapeno.  If you're daring, go for 2 drops!  It's HOT.Ka has only been open for a few weeks as of this writing, but they already have it down.  Check em out!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,12/16/2010,244,96,4,15,10>It took me a while to review this place because it has sentimental value. *clears throat, wipes tear* Anyway, all things considered, this is without a doubt in my mind the best go-to sushi joint in Orange County, perhaps the best in Southern California and maybe even the best in California (I was not impressed with the sushi in the bay area). You don't agree with me, huh? That's okay. I understand. It's located at a barren intersection near the crossroads of central Orange County and you have to drive past an AM PM to get to the parking lot. The space is small and what I would call "old school Orange County" in style and feel. Also, it's not very expensive. The quality is superb, the chefs are friendly and creative, the service is--well--very Japanese.  I highly recommend starting off with the seared salmon and albacore to awaken your palate. Other great choices include the snow crab, ono, samurai burrito and carpaccio. Actually, everything here is good that I have tried and if I didn't have strong cravings for the above-mentioned items, I might get to try them. Let's face it, Wafu is not anything like Ikko, and I can appreciate that (both stylistically and financially). This is a place where you can grab a seat at the sushi bar, order great food, chat with the chefs and receive impeccable service from the friendly wait staff.Sushi is more than just raw fish, it's an experience. And if you want to experience sushi regularly, I can't think of a better place to become a regular than Wafu. You will not regret it.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,12/15/2010,1059,357,10,13,13>I love funnel cake, and was excited to find out I can go somewhere besides Knott's year-round to get some.  There are a lot of toppings you can get here like fruit, ice cream, whipped cream, etc, but I prefer just powdered sugar.  My advice is to not stop here and get some if you have black clothing on.  The powdered sugar gets everywhere.  My sister once had the brilliant idea while we were here shopping at the Spectrum to attempt to eat a corn dog, french fries and funnel cake, all purchased here, in one sitting.  It was giving me a stomachache watching her eat.   I like all those things but together all at once was complete fried food overload.Funnel cake just taken out of the fryer is so satisfying and it's tasty here.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/14/2010,733,1325,7,11,12>Ah, lunch and where to eat.  Joa K. and I made plans to visit this new French cafe after I mentioned to her that Kelly's was closed.  Now I've never been to Paris, but eating here was as close as I've ever been.  Delicious sandwiches made with French baguettes, butter, and cold cuts.  Yum!  I had the Jambon beurre (Ham, butter, and swiss; $8.25).  I'm not a mayo kind of girl so the fact that they use butter is wonderful to me.  The mini pickles went well with the sandwich too.  My only complaint was that the bread was cold.  I would have preferred to have it warmed up.  The bread was also slightly crispy and deliciously golden.  Being Vietnamese, I have an appreciation for French baguettes.  The side salad was overdressed for me but had dried cranberries, walnut chunks, and spring mix lettuce.  It was ok but could have used less dressing.  The dressing was a vinaigrette which was better than something creamy.  Maybe I'll ask for dressing on the side next time.I was pleasantly surprised to see that they have Strawberry croissants here labeled "Strawberry cream pan" and knowing that they bring in macarons from an outside company (Paulette's), it's safe to guess that they bring in their strawberry croissants too.  The strawberry croissants look exactly like the ones they sell at Cream Pan in Tustin.  Whether or not they are one in the same, I have yet to find out.  I know where I can get one on my lunch hour now.  Despite the lure of croissants, I came here for the macarons!  At $1.75 each, I opted to get only two.  I tried the raspberry and caramel.  The raspberry was perfectly sweet & tart with the best being the texture.  The outer shell was delicate and there was an airiness in each bite.  I can see why macarons are the next cupcake!  The caramel was just ok.  It was chewy but that was because the paste inside the macaron was pure caramel.  It was good but not as wonderful as the raspberry one.  Definitely a treat to be had.  Service here is great.  I can see that being a new establishment, there are kinks to work out but we didn't experience any of that.  The servers are especially amiable, stopping by to see if everything was ok and the food is served on real plates with real cutlery.  Fancy!  Definitely a place to check out if you're in the mood for something other than a burger and fries.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,12/13/2010,99,628,6,13,10>I'm always looking for new Italian places to try. The kind that are relaxed and casual, not all stuffy and fancy. So the other day I was looking through one of the 27 coupon magazines I get in the mail each week and ran across an ad for Lomeli's in Fullerton. I had never heard of the place, but the BOGO coupon seemed like a killer deal for a 'complete Italian dinner'. So we decided to check it out that same night..... I loved this place! This place is tucked in the corner of a Stater Bros shopping center. Family owned since 1978. Very casual atmosphere. All your basics on the menu. The complete dinners include soup or salad, garlic bread, entree, ice cream and a glass of wine. If you can't decide.... they also offer some great combos like Lasagna, Ravioli and Spaghetti & Meatball for right around $13. Food was great! I will definitely be back. I noticed a lot of regular customers and a lot of take out orders. On the way out I grabbed a take-out menu and noticed the prices were cheaper on take-out orders (no wine/ no dessert/ no salad). The same combo above is only $8 for take-out. What a deal. No wonder they do so much take-out business.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,12/12/2010,848,1511,6,12,11>I popped in here yesterday to just peruse the shop. It is one of the many that I am a fan of in downtown. I do have to say that contrary to what some reviews have said about Roadkill being either too expensive or carrying jewelry that can be found at a department store is far fetched. 1) Prices are reasonable. Blouses running in the mid $20's bracket    and dresses as well. Of course they can go up to a little more however I feel in Roadkills defense that the prices are average and fair. 2) The jewelry here is unique. Handmade jewelry here. Comparable to those you may find on Etsy.com NOT in a Clarie's or department store.  Prices once again are reasonable. Then again I don't feel that $14 for earrings are too much. Especially when they are unique hand crafted and not many done. Thus making it more unique. I obviously have not been here in a while because they have now taken up the space next to them and have turned that into a what I would call "Rockabilly" shop. Yes, something that I could see some chicks buying their  Bettie Page-esq dresses for a rockabilly show. I seriously spent 2 seconds in this section then I walked back over to the other side.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,8/2/2007,79,216,,8,5>Update July 27, 2007So good I had to come back twice in the same week!  I can now vouch with certainty that the salmon and service are consistently excellent.  They remembered our disappointment with the sauce last time and made it up by bringing us an extra filet of salmon for our dish.  We spotted some incredibly fresh-looking spring rolls by the register and learned that they tasted even better than they looked.  The shrimp were incredibly large and sweet and at a perfect ratio with the rest of the fillings.  The bo bia also looked pretty appetizing.Ca Ri Ga (chicken curry) did not disappoint with a mild, brothy coconut curry.  Vietnamese curry tends to be less pungent and spicy than its Thai and Indian versions and usually eaten with bread, not rice.  There was plenty of chicken to go around and a few potatoes thrown in for good measure.It's rare that you'll find a menu at a Vietnamese restaurant that doesn't read like a novel.  And at Sandwich Planet, having limited options has proven to be a good thing.--------------------------------------------------­------------------------5 stars because it was so good that I dropped everything I had planned just to write the review.  Simple like the perfect home-cooked meal.With the upscale Vietnamese remodels popping up all over town, I would have never thought to go looking for elegant Vietnamese in an unassuming sandwich shop, which used to house a Billy Boy's Burgers.No one in their right mind would drive all the way out here for a sandwich when there are countless, cheaper options in the heart of Little Saigon.  But thanks to an advertisement on the Vietnamese radio, we learned that they offered a small menu of lunch and dinner specialties. Intrigued, we came with two objectives: (1) Xoi Ga Ro Ti, $6 and (2) Com Chay Ca Salmon, $7.25.  Xoi refers to glutinous rice, which is usually sweetened with coconut milk and found most commonly in Vietnamese desserts. The consistency of xoi is closer to sticky rice than it is to risotto and while it can come in a rainbow of colors, today's was a muted brown.  Sandwich Planet's savory xoi came with fried shallots and featured only a touch of sweetness to brighten the fragrant peppercorns encrusting the Ga Ro Ti (rotisserie chicken).  The thigh was moist with the seasonings steeping straight down to the bone.  I have been on the prowl for a moderately priced lunch portion of fish for some time now and finally found success with Sandwich Planet's Com Chay Ca Salmon.  At $7.25, you get a spice-rubbed (salt, pepper, garlic) filet of salmon whose crisp char only pales in comparison to the pandan-leaf crispy rice it sits atop.    The crispy rice is made with short-grain granules that crumble apart like couscous and the whole dish is accompanied by a slightly thickened and spicy fish sauce.  The sauce gives the dish moisture, while the flavors of the dish are simple and fresh.  It's not often that you'll find something this cheap, healthy, AND delicious.    Oddly enough, the most expensive dishes are the dinner soups, which top out at $14.  There are five items offered at dinner each night, though there is a different menu for each night of the week.  Check what's cooking here: static.px.yelp.com/bphot…Apparently they were out of the regular sauce that came with the salmon (my mom's been raving about it for days), so the owner came over and offered us a free dessert as a consolation.  Everyone kept asking us how things tasted and the staff was polite and welcoming.  That level of service is rather unheard of for a Vietnamese restaurant and especially paradoxical for a humble sandwich shop.The shop is owned by Quynh Huong, a local Vietnamese radio anchor and singer, who is also sister to Paris By Night celebrity Y Lan.  But fame aside, Planet Sandwich is worthy of the buzz in and of itself.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2007,8/1/2007,410,600,17,9,11>angelina jolie's lips...hell yeah, i had angelina friggin' jolie's lips last night.  all plumped up and inflated as a result of eating the crabs in SPICY sauce from ondal restaurant.  that's the good part.  the bad part...well, you know, what goes in must come out, so the aftermath is not really the most pleasant experience.  everyone has a love-hate relationship, and i have it with crabs.  i love the taste of it, but i hate the pain you have to put up with in order to get that juicy white meat.  but my love for spicy food and kimchi fried rice ultimately lured me to ondal.  their menu offers at least 3-4 different crab dishes with varying degrees of spiciness, among other korean dishes (no bbq's, but why order other dishes when their specialty is crabs).  we ordered an x-large crabs in spicy sauce (#1) with medium spiciness for 5 ppl and 3 portions of kimchi fried rice (more like a veggie fried rice).  the crab dish came out in a huge plate with bean sprouts, rice cakes and 5 crabs swimming in red chili sauce.  the waitress handed out bibs to us (more like an apron) and cut the crabs into small pieces at the table.  these crabs were not king crabs so there wasn't much meat in it, and the sauce was way too spicy for me.  i'm not a wuss, but i was sweating and having a runny noise...in fact everyone in the entire restaurant was sweating like they were sitting in a sauna.  the fried rice, on the other hand, was tasty without too much spiciness.  it's definitely a family affair here as the dishes come in large plates (priced from $45-70).  the fried rice is only $1 person but of course the regular rice is free.  they give a lot of banchan, and i especially liked the thin veggie pancake.  i am adding one star more for their service.  o, you are saying this is a korean restaurant and service is good?  you heard me right.  one more star for their stellar service!!!  p.s. - ondal is a character in a fairy tale who is rescued from his incompetent nature by a princess.  the closest it can relate to is "beauty and the beast" story.now only if i can lure brad pitt to this restaurant and show my lips to him.  i have no doubt he'd fall for me...i got the lips!!!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2006,7/31/2007,19,41,4,7,8>OMG.These are the best--the freakin' best--sandwiches in the world.  You could go to freaking Italy and have sandwiches that are crap compared to these.  Bill Gates doesn't eat sandwiches this good.  These sandwiches are big, made on thick fresh Italian bread, with things like fresh mozarella and prosciutto and basil and salami, and they're so great.  They put just the right amount of all ingredients--meat, vegetables, cheese, oil, vinegar, whatever else.  I don't remember individial sandwiches to recommend to you, but anything here should be awesome.  Each sandwich is a full meal too, but they're so good you feel like you could eat another one.  It's take-out only, and they have some weird hours (closing early and not open some days).  You would never know this place is there unless a local tipped you off--like how I found it.  But it's seriously great.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,7/30/2007,39,163,4,6,5>I give this place 5 stars comparing it to anything else in Long Beach.  Newer, clean, stadium seating, never crowded, short lines, new releases and friendly staff.  This is my theater of preference.  Every once in a while you have rowdy kids that step in, but let the manager know and they will take care of it right away.  Example:  Went to see "Disturbia" on Saturday night at 7:20pm  Seating for about 250 and there were about 60 of us there.  10 of which were young teenage girls who were sitting in the first 2 rows chatting on cell phones, talking loud, and throwing stuff at each other.  So, about 5 different couples yelled "shut-up" at the same time.  Then one of the guys tossed an ice cube at them.  One of the girls stood up and yelled back.  He tried again and missed again.  Darn it!  Another guy walked out got the manager and within a minute she was there, talked to the girls and they shut up.  They placed a security guy in there too to make sure the girls behaved.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2007,7/29/2007,124,153,6,3,5>"They tried to make me go to AI and I said No No No!"If you've read any of my reviews, you know I like 2nd street for the food, shopping, and that's about it. But when I must go out for a night on the big 2, I guess I'd go to AI. It's a beer bar, nothing more, nothing less. Pool tables, basketball hoop (one of the highlights) and stools with a variety of locals ready to stare down your shirt while you order a drink. They won't say much, but their eyes will. The biggest downfall- 1 bathroom for the ladies. That's right! A beer bar with ONE bathroom. I've walked to Shorehouse, peed, and came back to see the same girls still in line. No good.I prefer AI to some of the other 2nd street bars because it's a good place to sing Journey at the top of your lungs and guzzle beer without sorority sisters looking at you like you're crazy. (Yeah yeah, it's happened) No dress code, no cover charge, and no need to turn down the volume on your personal jukebox..
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/28/2007,31,20,7,6,6>"... that son of a biatch just cut me off...!!! "  well, that was one of the infamous lines i took from the movie Top Gun and i went into K1 Speed with a killer instinct..., or so i thought....i had a mission.  a mission to plan a G-Rated bachelor party which would satisfy the groom-to-be as well as not upsetting the bride-to-be.  tough job!  fortunately, i remembered from a friend of mine, Andy H. (an yelp member) telling me about this place.  he has been here a few times and kept wanting to challenge me since i'm a speed demon on real streets of LA.  and although this bachelor party wasn't for him, it was a testament to what would become one of the greatest race of his life to date.as i entered the facility, the place was all packed indoors, surprisingly spacious and well lit.  having no exhaust fumes in your face like the gas-powered go-karts was a big plus.  and although the karts are battery powered, it can still give you a good whip lash if you're not careful.  one minor issue with the karts was, it seemed a bit cramped especially the butt area but it's not a biggie.  our group was briefed a little bit after signing the waiver and then qualifying round begins.  at the end, despite of being bumped many times and involved in a major pile up at one of the turns, we all finished with varying degree of satisfaction.  unfortunately, my friend Andy came out victorious because he eluded the pile up.  oh well, i guess i was the sacrificial wingman in this case.  so the fact that i came here with a killer instinct didn't take me as far as i wanted, but i definitely had a great time.my overall experience was really positive and it's a place which i wouldn't mind coming back more often if it wasn't for the close-to-100-miles-round-trip drive.  the price wasn't too bad either since we signed up for the $45 mini grand prix.  my verdict:  a must go and be prepared to rev..!  it's not a place for sunday drivers.  one caution however, what ever happens at K1, stays at K1.  don't take the "rage" on to the real streets... ;)
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2007,7/27/2007,17,56,9,6,4>Wow - where do i start? I must say, im a big fan of the fro yo. Im not even sure if it matters that it's their fro yo, but its the closest available source to my apt. Peanut butter - so good. Chocolate malt - mm mmmm. Reese's PB cup - hot damn!These are the only three that i've tried and probably the only three i will ever golden spoon past my lips. Their list definitely goes on. Healthy facts- fro yo is non-fat (unlike ice cream)- fro yo contains protein, calcium, and potassium - fro yo contains LIVE, ACTIVE bacterial cultures   (yes, that's a good thing)I usually go for the quart (largest size available) so im stocked up for the week, however i recommend that for the first timer, you should only treat yourself to small, fresh servings. Freezer burn can cause detrimental and irreversible harm to the fro yo and it just doesnt taste the same. As far as the staff, who really cares? Honestly, they're a bunch of young teenagers who fuck around whenever im in there but can you blame them? They probably dont make more than minimum wage and they'd rather be doing fun stuff (?). They sure get the job done though. This one kid even hooks up the double and sometimes triple stamps - thanks man! *correction - these kids actually take their job pretty seriously... Update: after several months of golden spoon loyalism, im continuously amazed by their ever-changing selection of delicious yogurts. For a while, I was sticking to the basics, but lately, with the addition of flavors like boysenberry, pumpkin pie, and mint - I just had to take this shit to the next level. Now, if you're as big a PB+J fan as myself, you might consider combining peanut butter and boysenberry - its so damn good, it can be done without toppings! And for those of you who love thanksgiving and cant wait for more of ma's homemade punkin' pie, wait no longer! pumpkin pie, topped with a bit of graham cracker crumblings - kablammo!  fuck, i love this place!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2007,7/26/2007,70,35,4,15,12>My boyfriend and I went here for New Year's Eve and it was a blast. Great atmosphere, very laid back and a motley crew of people that know how to have fun. I try to go there as often as possible. Love the Elvis/Neil Diamond impersonator!! Not sure what nights he's there but I have caught his show a few times and it's a real crowd pleaser. Overall, good music, good people, good beer/liquor, good times!!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,7/25/2007,266,256,6,6,11>How dangerous is this place?!?It's pretty bad.  The first time i went in here i was looking for shoes.  i'm extremely picky about shoes so i left thinking, "this place sucks, i don't know what all the hullabaloo is."(who says 'hullabaloo??')then i went in one day to check out the actual clothes, and man. OH, MAN!  SOOOOoo much cheaper than i was expecting!  Comparative to Forever 21, which i love because it's hella cheap, the prices at H&M are about equal but the QUALITY is much, much better!  The selection is great, the only bad thing about it is if you find a really cute top that fits you perfectly (which you will, i can guarantee it), you want it in a different color?  nope.  that's it.  you get one color of one style.  but who cares?!  you got a really cute top for $20 that fits like none other!it's on the hipster-y side of style, which is GREAT!  :-)clothes you can wear out to parties, to your daytime office job, to dinner with your man or playtime with your girls.  everything. (oh, i guess they have dude's clothes here, too.  didn't check them out.)but it's pretty dangerous.  i spent $80 here in one trip, three tops, a skirt and two necklaces.  the skirt... i had been looking for a jean skirt that i liked for about three years, no joke.  FOUND IT!go now!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2007,7/24/2007,63,36,10,5,12>I live really close to a ghetto neighborhood.  OKAY-OKAY-OKAY!!!  I live "IN" a ghetto neighborhood in Long Beach.  So bad sometimes my hubby won't let me stand out on our own front porch for long periods of time. ( I really don't think it's THAT BAD!) N - E- wayz, now that you know this...I live a block away from Pacific Ave. In between Willow and P.C.H.  Down this stretch of Pacific Ave. are dozens of lil' hole-in-the-wall restaurants from Mexican to Filipino to Thai!!! I would drive pass thinking out loud, "Hmmm, I've got to check that place out!"   but my hubby would scold me and say,"No, not in "this" neighborhood!" I would complain a lil' and he'd say something like," yada yada yada SAFETY yada yada yada!!! Let's just go to some place on Atlantic Blvd.!!!"Aaacckkhh... Eating at SAFE restaurants...Where's the Fun and Adventure in that?!?!?!Well, Saturday morning, we woke up hungry (as usual) and debated on where to have breakfast...still sitting in bed 2 hours later... I begged,"Can we please try one of the neighborhood restaurants?  It's still early and all the gangsters and bad people are probably still asleep!?!?!"Hesitantly, he said yes. Under one condition, he got to pick the place. OK, that's fair.So, we ended up at THAI SKY, literally one block away from home.  From the outside it looks TINY and a lil' tacky, with a mini parking lot that barely fits 3 cars (there's probably more parking in the back, but that would mean having to drive thru a dangerous alley).  BUT once inside, ahhhhhh, it brought back fond memories of a time long gone.  I felt like I was back in the Philippines with the familiar scent of burning incense wafting thru the air.  The decor was simple, reddish mahoganyish WOOD, wood tables, chairs, wall panels, even what looks like tree trunks framing the doorway... and I loved it! Their menus are cool, pictures of everything, so even if we couldn't pronounce anything, we could just point at what looked good!  We ordered the BBQ Ribs, Beef Fried Rice, and BBQ Pork. The food was tasty, especially the RIBS!  I'm giving it 3 stars because of the tiny parking lot out front, and the need for a new coat of PAINT on the ouside.All in all... it was a good experience...And (in the immortal words of ICE CUBE)...not a jacker in sight!!!Maybe next time we can try something TWO Blocks down!!!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,10/10/2008,123,153,6,11,7>I honestly don't know why some people are complaining so much about this place. Maybe they're out of towners and are are just hating on a place in Laguna?I have NEVER had bad service here. Every time I've gone in my waiter has been very attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. The manager is always around chatting people up and checking everything out. They have a great wine list. Last time I was in I had a wonderful bottle of Pinot Noir. I highly recommend the crab cakes. They were some of the best I've had, and I'm a crab cake fan! They do only come two per order so we got 2 orders and enjoyed every minute of them. I forgot what my entree was called but it was one of the seafood pasta dishes. It was great. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the butter sauce was delicious. I was dipping my bread in it to get every last drop. Yes, they GAVE us bread and we didn't have to ask for it! And they refilled it too. The dip/ spread is AMAZING and I'm not even an olive fan. I guess my best advise for people who want to go there is: -DON'T go in a large group. That goes for most places. Unless they are family style your large group is a pain in the ass. Plus, this is a small place and can only accommodate large groups to a certain extent. - DO make a reservation. As with most nice places that are packed, a reservation is always a good idea. Basically don't be a dining out dummy. This place is great!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,10/9/2008,12,15,13,11,11>All of the recent Yelping about Siam finally compelled me to stop by. I took the long, long way to work yesterday afternoon to grab some takeout, and I wasn't disappointed. I shambled into the dining room, eyes glazed over and a monotonous funeral dirge playing in my head as I tried to come to terms with the 12 hour graveyard sentence I was on the way to serve. I was greeted by Gustavo Arellano's OC Weekly writeup, which was proudly posted just inside of the door. As I made my way around the partition and into the dining room I experienced the most amazing olfactory flashback. The smells of cooking asian food-curry, seafood, spices-took me back to the high school days at my buddy Steve H's (wuddup Steve!) parent's house. They're Vietnamese and his mom was always in the kitchen. That turd never offered me any grub, but it smelled so good... Either way, I was convinced Siam was the real thing.The dining room was empty. The young lady behind the counter seemed surprised to see me, but both she and I'm guessing her mother/the owner were warm and friendly. I was impressed that the menu choices were limited (see In & Out). I guess when you do something right...    Anyways, after reading the recent Yelpness, I already knew what I wanted: fried seabass with the green curry sauce and beef basil. That and a side of steamed rice set me back 20 bones, which seemed more than fair when my order filled up an entire plastic shopping bag.The drive in to work seemed to go in slow motion as my truck was systematically hot-boxed by the culinary treasure riding on my passenger floorboard. Forget it. I found a shady parking spot at a Placentia park and tore into the meal. I tried to ignore the fact that I was eating this creation out of styrofoam, which just seemed so insulting to the food, as I stood at the back of my truck and inhaled.The beef basil was perfect. Tender. Seasoned just right. Not overpowering. Foodgasm. The sauce worked well when poured over the rice too. My experiences with curry are limited, but the seabass with curry sauce was awesome. The two entrees complemented each other. My little spontaneous picnic made going in to the gravel pit almost bearable.Siam is good. I'll be back, and next time I'll be dining in. If I had to suggest an improvement, it would be that they get an ABC license to sell beer and wine. That's just the way I roll. Thanks, Siam!!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/8/2008,291,173,6,10,8>I came back here for dinner the other night and was surprised to see their menu changed. While they still have a large variety of teas and drinks as they had before, I noticed new food items on the menu... tea flavored EVERYTHING!!!I went ahead and ordered the tea flavored pork stew... OMG this was SO good. The pork was well seasoned and really tender. It was served over a bed of rice with a hard-boiled and stewed egg, as well as some pickled sprouts and vegetables. All this for under $8.00. Service is quick and the place is clean. For budget dining, stop by Tea Station!!!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2008,10/7/2008,322,456,7,9,7>Okay I give this place 3.5 stars and here is why...I have been coming since they first opened up and I have talked to the owners many time.  They speak Mandarin but they are kind of weird.  Recently they have been getting very popular and busier.  I remember when I went where there were only a few tables.  The service isn't all that great and the owners totally skimp on the biscuits!The prices are great and it's a better deal for lunch.  It's $3 cheaper.  They have a wide selection of vegetables.  I don't like how they are chopped so half-@$$ed because they are too chunky, but I get over it.  They also have noodles as one of the items you can add.  That is such an Americanized thing to do, but I know people love it.  Also it's a great option if I want some stir fried noodles.They have your typical meat selections and sauces.  I personally love to drench my dish with tons of flavor.  Here is a secret tip if you love garlic as much as I do... when you grab the "garlic water" be sure to get the ladle down deep to scoop up the chopped garlic so that you will get a nice kick in your dish! ^_^All in all the food is good and the price is great.  The service is questionable, but they hired a new lady who is really really nice! Still the owners annoy me a little and he is kind of weird... if you have been there a lot you will know what I mean.  Oh just to let you know they don't let the servers get the tip... the owners pocket the tips =*(This place is better than Genghis Khan BUT their Sesame Biscuit can NOT hold a candle.  It's like a fake Americanized biscuit, but still good.  I would definitely give them 4 stars if their biscuits were up to par! Still it's a good deal and the food is good!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/6/2008,22,68,4,5,4>I don't know what a five star dry cleaner would be -- someone who switched out my clothes with brand new ones?  But this place is GREAT for hems and alterations.  Not the cheapest, but when you need it done right and made to last (i.e., if you're short and end up walking on your pants half the time, even post-hem) Villa Valet is the place to go.ETA:  (To answer a question)  Yes, they sew buttons on coats.  They even fix shoes -- my next challenge, in fact, for this establishment!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,10/5/2008,297,587,16,10,11>Looking for something new, instead of bumping uglies, the Manwhore and I decided to bump go-karts instead. Although it was pretty fun, I must say it will never replace our favorite pastime. For a Saturday, SpeedZone was less busy than anticipated. There wasn't much of a wait for lines until after 2pm, and it was never much longer than 15-20 minutes. It just really sucked that it was a hot day, because a sweaty Anh is not a cute Anh.It is recommended that you purchase the cash card, which allocates additional dollars to your account if you spend at least $15. It is also worthwhile because any remaining balances are transferrable, and can be used at a later time. By the end of the day, most of our friends left early and gave us their cards, so we ended up transferring over $100 to our account. Cha-Ching!Cards can be used for all race tracks, mini-golf, and video games. Unfortunately, they aren't applicable to the overpriced eats. Like most amusement facilities, the food is nothing to rave about. However, they do have a full bar and plenty of arcade games, similar to D&B's. Although I'm not a fan of video games, it was a good excuse to cool off from the burning rays outside.I attempted each go-kart track at least once, and my favorite was definitely Slick Trax, where the carts are more prone to drift and slam into one another. What can I say? I like it rough! The only sucky part is getting stuck at the wall and waiting for one of the cute young boys to get you back on track, literally. Oh, if only it were so easy in the track of life.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2007,10/4/2008,231,963,,5,4>I have been visiting the Orange Circle for years, and I had wanted to try Felix Continental Cafe forever. Every time I walk by it, the restaurant it packed, and the food on the plates always looks delicious.Last night I finally went there with my parents and my boyfriend. We were not disappointed! We arrived around 7pm, and as soon as we walked up we were greeted by a very friendly man who said we could sit outside (it was cold, but they have heaters) or we could wait about 5 minutes and sit inside. We opted to wait for the inside table.Once inside, I realized how small this place is. Tiny! That would have to be the one downside, there is just no room to move around, and you practically feel like you are sitting with the people at the table next to you.We had only been seated about one minute, and a man came over to bring us bread and take our drink orders. I had a Mojito Criollo and my boyfriend ordered Sangria. The Mojito was not like your typical Mojito with mint and rum, I am pretty sure it had tequila in it. It reminded me more of a margarita, but it was still pretty good. The Sangria was also tasty, but the wine used in the Sangria could have been sweeter.None of us had ever had Cuban food before so we had a lot of questions. Our waitress was very helpful and did not mind answering everything for us.First we ordered appetizers. Almost every appetizer is a single item. So, when you order it, you get one. We ended up ordered two Papa Rellanas and two Tamal Cubanos. The Papa Rellanas were DELICIOUS. I would go back once a week just to eat those. It is a big ball of mashed potatoes, stuffed with ground beef and spices, then rolled in breadcrumbs and fried. I have never had anything like them before, but they were so good! I was not too impressed with the Tamal Cubanos. They were very bland. I'm not even sure if they had meat in them. You are given a spicy ketchup like sauce to dip them in. My family really liked the sauce, but I didn't. For our entrees, we ordered Arroz con Pollo, Chicken Embajador, Chicken Supreme, and Camarones al Ajo. My Arroz con Pollo was amazing. a huge dish that could feed two, maybe even three people. Loads of moist saffron rice, shredded white meat chicken, and maduros (fried plantains). It was one of the best meals I have had in awhile.My boyfriends Chicken Supreme was a thinly pounded, gigantic chicken breast, with shrimp, avocado and mozzarella cheese. That was a great combination of flavors as well. His dish was also served with maduros, and creamed spinach. Neither of us were very fond of the spinach.I did not try my parents food, but they were also very impressed with their dishes.After dinner, the service started to lag. Not sure if they were any busier than they were when we first got there, but it seemed like it took them forever to clear the table. The meals all come with dessert, and you have a choice of Rice Pudding, Bread Pudding, or Tres Leches Cake. All four of us chose the Tres Leches Cake. It was good, but really sweet. I couldn't finish the piece I was given. It tasted like a very soggy piece of white cake. It was good, but very different. Overall I am giving this place four stars because of the time we had to wait at the end of the meal. The food was definitely five stars, but the service wasn't as great as I hoped it would be.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/3/2008,67,206,5,9,6>If you love the food at Cafe Gazelle in Long Beach but don't like being in a small room where you are back to back with the next table and find parking abhorrent on 2nd street,  then this is the place for you.Yes, you can now enjoy your entree with enough elbow room to do the funky chicken. There are appoximately 15 tables and booths in the restaurant, which is like the Taj Mahal compared to the restaurant on 2nd Street.The food is the same and the servers are very attentive. I really like the homemade rolls that they serve you while you are waiting for your meals. It reminds me of a warm and toasty smaller version of Filipino Pan De Sal, which is so good when the butter melts from the "bread steam". so good, it'll make you smack yo' mama....but don't do it. the servers will happily offer you more bread if you want it.If you do not feel guilty about eating certain animals, then I strongly recommend the veal dishes. They're all very tasty, but I really enjoyed the veal with mushrooms and lemon. It was sorta like a chicken fried veal steak with a "picatta" sauce but with out the capers. They have a larger wine selection than 2nd street.I would definitely come here again.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,10/2/2008,196,316,19,12,14>The last place I ever thought I would get sucked into and I hate myself for spending close to $300 in three visits ... in less than a week. Pathetic.I have to agree with everyone here about the prices. This place is the Tiffany & Co. of stationery shops and that pains me because I hate Tiffany with all my heart.I feel the major nerdiness coming on full blast, but uh ... I think I found my new hobby: Rubber stamping. F*ck!!!! No, but seriously, I came here because I wanted to buy a dear friend (who loves stationery) a birthday present. So then I had the idea to design her a set of notecards and envelopes when the clerk introduced me to my new crack: Embossing stationery. You take a stamp, dab it in ink, then uh, stamp it on a card or whatever and then sprinkle some embossing powder on it and then use a handy device called an embossing machine (basically a little blow dryer) and the heat melts the powder and raises the ink. Like magic! Sigh. I'm going to have to turn in what little cool points I had now. And I have like, 75 notecards that I made (and at least 30 that I botched) and not nearly enough friends to send them to. Curse you, Paper Source. The five stars is for making me feel like a little kid again doing arts & crafts in class. That was always my favorite part of going to elementary school. Almost as much fun as playing handball at recess. And 25-cent ice cream on Fridays.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,9/30/2008,826,477,21,19,21>"Hey let's go to La Parapolocoia. Wait, how do you say it? La Parpoolopa? La Parasole? Lalapalooza?"Tough name to pronounce, but our waiter schooled us on the proper way to say the name: La Paro-lac-cia"Is like Parolashia. The 'C' is like 'SH.'""Sweet. I've already forgotten, but can I have the calamari and an iced Tea?"I LOVE this place. It's the closest thing to fine Italian cuisine that I am going to get within a 2 mile radius from my house. The fried calamari/shrimp appetizer is great! Served with a delicious thick tomato based sauce. My favorite dishes are the Tric Tac (we sometimes call it the Tic Tac Toe - I don't know why) and the pasta mare, which is angel hair pasta, shrimp, mussels, clams and a nice white wine sauce. I've also had the pizza, which is hand-tossed inside the restaurant for you to witness as you're sipping your vino and feasting on your appetizer. The non-English speaking Italian pizza twirler is a showman and makes the perfect sized specialty pizzas that would put CPK to shame. Their pizzas are completely gourmet, so don't go there asking for a Stuffed Crust Meat Lover's or Hawaiian Delight. Pizza Hut is up the street, so save yourself the embarrassment. This is a perfect spot for a casual Italian dining experience that will definitely leave you with a round belly and a big ol smile.Prego!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2007,5/2/2007,210,232,3,16,12>you know a japanese place is good when the sushi chef of your favorite restaurant goes there. that's who i bumped into when i visited cream pan for the first time today. he asked me if i liked it and i enthusiastically nodded YES. this place is truly a bakery, though like other yelpers mentioned, they sell some sandwiches and savory bakery items as well. there's a few umbrella tables outside, in case you can't wait to get home before devouring your goodies. i got a chicken katsu sandwich for lunch, which for ~$2 is a great deal: a large fried chicken breast smothered with a sweet tonkatsu sauce, lettuce, and cucumber, ambitiously stuffed into a dinner roll sized bun. the sandwich was good but nothing to get excited about. but the namesake item, the cream pan, is. a large sweet bun filled with cold, dense, vanilla custard. imagine beard papa, without the overly buttery choux pastry. i do have to say that i like cream pan's custard more. the gem of this place though, is the unassuming looking strawberry croissant. i decided to get one as well since it was recommend by others, and boy i sure didn't regret it. i've coined it the 'kitchen sink' croissant, cause if you didn't eat it over one, you'd wish you did. the most amazingly crisp and light croissant, super fresh, with airy layers of flaky pastry, filled with more of that gorgeous custard and topped with sliced strawberries and powdered sugar. one messy and tasty indulgence. omg.. good night.5/16/2007 UPDATE - omg, 3 words: azuki cream pan. nuff said.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,4/30/2007,266,256,2,18,11>The few, the proud, the graduates of Brooks College.  Yeah, there aren't a lot of us.  It's like some sort of pyramid scheme to get people to want to go to Brooks College.  One of my girl friends was going to go here for fashion design and wanted someone to go with her.  I went, checked out the interior design program and ended up signing up a month or two later.  My friend decided Brooks wasn't for her.  Her brother was going to go at the same time for graphic design, taking along his friend Sean and brother decided he couldn't afford it, and mutual friend Sean and i ended up going and actually graduating!  Whoa.Regarding the interior design program... 33% graduation rate.  Our class began with 28+ students and only six of us graduated.  Thankfully, we all have jobs in interior design these days.  Many of my friends that graduated in other majors like Animation or Graphic Design seem to be working at places like Vons.  But that's a whole other story.The reason why so few graduate is because Interior Design is a challenging major.  Especially the fact that the classes are all accelerated and you're doing the work that a typical semester of University school would have, in only 11 weeks.  then you get two weeks of vacation, then you're back on for 11 weeks.  This works for some, but not for all.Also, this school is expensive.  I'm not entirely sure where all the money is going because the school isn't in fabulous condition and then faculty turn-over rate is almost astounding.  Actually, the instructors always seem to stick around, the administrators and the rest of the faculty are the ones that leave.  THAT i think is a HUUUUGE indicator of how the school works.  The classes are amazing.  I can't tell you how much i learned and how much i progressed as a student and a human being from my instructors.  They were all so helpful, having open rendering classes that they didn't have to offer, giving out cell phone number for any after class questions, always available by email.  I swear, my instructors were my heart and soul at Brooks College.  Love them to death.The administration.  Yuck.  Unorganized, sending students back and forth trying to get information that may or may not have been necessary and somehow having the students do the dirty work for them.  I mean, you're supposed to know how to do your job and you are here for the students.  We pay your f#*%ing paycheck.  There was a CNN report done on Brooks saying that students felt that they weren't getting what they paid for.  I am going to partially agree.  It is expensive and you can get a better education somewhere else, maybe.  But i remember having dorm room roommates in other majors that asked me questions like, "Man, how come you're always doing homework?  It seems like they give you too much."  And i would rarely see her do homework.  She didn't graduate.  You really have to put in a lot of effort to receive all the benefits of this school.  It's real life here, it's not 13th grade.  The former students in that CNN report mostly were hating on the career services department saying that they weren't giving them jobs.Wow.  First of all, it's really easy.  You give your resume to the career services department and they send out your resume to every. single. job. that fits in to what you want.  then, you get a phone call setting up an interview.  Then you get hired for the job.  Right?  How your resume looks depends on you.  They give you classes teaching you how to build your resume and how to make it look.  They give you classes teaching you how to take an interview.  It's up to you at that point and i don't think i've ever had a bad experience with Career Services.  The ID director was amazing.Okay so for all the other stuff you may or may not care about.  The dorm rooms are really small and ugly and stuffy and i'd suggest to live in them only for the first few quarters and then get the hell out.The cafeteria sucks and that's the only place to eat on campus other than vending machines.  Starbucks, burger king, sushi and Mexican food all in close walking distance :)The computer and design labs are really great.  Especially around midterms and finals, they're open late and you can sign a form to have them open 24hrs (the big computer labs on campus are already open 24hrs).The library is a really great source for information.  Use it.I enjoyed my experience and although it's not "collegey,"  i wouldn't have it any other way.  I go to college to further my education and to prepare myself for the real world.  This is not a school for the weak.  Take your time deciding if you want to go here.  It's a really great school if you focus on your major and not on social activities (which there aren't much of anyway.)
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2006,4/27/2007,4939,820,4,10,9>If you love paying too much for sushi and having passers by gawk through a giant plate glass window while you're dining, then Sushi of Naples is the place for you.Okay, okay, that was a little harsh.  It's not all that bad.  However it is a bit too expensive for what it is.  I definitely recommend sitting at the bar when dining here though, service is awful at a table.It is a bit fun when the place is full, just because there are so many people having a good time....but for that sort of atmosphere I prefer sushi studio by far.  They do have some creative rolls, not just the typical rainbow roll and shrimp tempura roll.  Also, in the times I've been the fish has been pretty fresh - I think they pride themselves in that - they are closed on Sundays too.Overall, I think people go here because they're too lazy to look for somewhere else to go.Thumbs Up:-Fresh Fish-Creative Rolls-Mostly nice sushi chefsThumbs Down:-Pretty poor table service-Far too expensive for nothing that fancy-The restaurant seems to be getting a bit run down
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2006,4/26/2007,233,588,,4,11>Oh yes, the fabled Club 33 at Disneyland, the only place in the park that serves alcohol.  For those who aren't aware of this place, there is a private, membership-only club at Disneyland where people can go and have a fantastic meal and hang out in a richly appointed restaurant right near Orleans Square.  It's been a number of years since I've been, so my memory of this place isn't as sharp as I would like.  From what I recall, you go to a non-descript door (I won't disclose the exact location or description of the door, for that I do remember), ring the buzzer, and give them your name.  If it checks out, you get buzzed into the small lobby area of the restaurant, which is overwhelmingly cool.  There is a definitely speakeasy-esque quality going through this process.  And it's cool when people are checking you out, wondering where in the heck you are going.  Dark woods are everywhere, and the place reeks of class.  They have one of those old fashioned cage-like elevators which is used to take you upstairs to the dining area.  The two times I've been, I was there for brunch.  Everything was fantastic.  The food and the service were both impeccable.  Plates are emblazoned with the Club 33 logo in gold.  Very fancy.  You are also free to walk around and check the place out, which is very interesting.  You can also go out on the balcony and look out in the park.Fortunately, I can say that I've been here twice in my life, and both times were fantastic.  Unfortunately, I've lost contact with my contact who's boss used to be a member, so I'll probably never be able to go again.  But if you should ever get the chance, you definitely should seize the opportunity to go here!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2006,4/25/2007,469,413,6,8,8>A pretty good restaurant for Long Beach, even though we felt it's far from the quality of the restaurant in Thai Town- on Hollywood Blvd, east from the 101. Apparently this is a popular restaurant, and in spite of being in a Caucasian surfer community location, at least 50% of the customers were Asians. The venue seemed a bit stuffy, but once you're inside, 3 minutes and you're used to it- not the worst I've ever experienced.One thing that surprised us was their choice of muzak: instead of playing some pleasant Thai pop or traditional music (you would expect), they had picked a blaaa-bla-bla radio station in English language, which mixed up with the persistent humming of the kitchen exhaust ventilation to create rather loud noise levels; forced everybody to speak really loud. I could hear an Asian girl who sat on the other side of the restaurant describing her fun experiences at Kauai's North Shore beaches to a bunch of Caucasian guys with playful wondering eyes... Good for her.Service wasn't bad, even if not incredible. Servers were nice women but had no smile and didn't respond to our subtle attempt to break the ice. Business only- no socializing with the annoying clientelle! We enjoyed the fresh coconut juice (from a real coconut sliced on top! $3) and really liked the Squid Salad (4 stars, $8) but weren't amazed with the Path Ke Mao with Chicken (2 stars, $9) since we had a lot better one in the past. Maybe they didn't put enough veggie, especially basil... Anyway- all in all a good destination in Belmont Shore, deserves somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2006,4/24/2007,142,31,,7,7>Tucked away in the confines of the Disneyland Hotel, the Lost Bar is a little oasis I like to call my own.  You'll probably find me there after work, relaxing with my friends as we ease away the stress of the day.  The drinks are strong and the nachos are the best you'll ever have. (Seriously.  I know nachos. )  Indoor seating is available but if the weather is lovely and the moon is beckoning, you can enjoy your beverage outdoors.  You don't have to worry too much about the Disney crowds because they're all inside the park and well, not a lot of folks really know about this place.    :)  The castmembers who work and frequent the joint are oh so friendly (oh and how!)  and the bartender Ron will definitely take care of you.  Its a lovely little place and well, if you're in the area... might as well stop by and say "Neverland tea" and enjoy the good times.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2007,4/22/2007,13,22,6,7,6>In the summer of 99 I was in Seoul, Korea as a broke college student. Luckily, there were tons of cheap restaurants lining the streets with all sorts of tasty Korean food. For the equivalent of a few bucks I was able to get myself some samgyupsal and soju at one of the many hole-in-the-wall restaurants and life was good.After coming back to the states, I wondered where all the cheap Korean restaurants were. Those cheap, hole-in-the-wall restaurants serving awesome Korean food which were so plentiful in Korea just didn't exist here. All Korean restaurants were pricier than my broke college wallet could afford and I ended up settling for Vietnamese or Thai food to satisfy my food lust. For years I didn't eat at any Korean restaurants. I was soooo sad.Well... times have changed. There still aren't many Korean restaurants at the cheap end of the spectrum, but I'm not quite so broke as I once was. I've been making up for lost time by stuffing myself at all-you-can-eat Korean bbq restaurants more frequently than I'd like to admit.And then this past weekend I discovered Mr Lee's. Ohhhh, where were you when I was in college, dying for that sweet, sweet meat? As soon as I walked inside, I realized that this was exactly the kind of restaurant I've been searching 8 years for. The decor is plain and reminiscent of a cafeteria. Some tables have grills built into the tables and others have portable grills on top. The menu items are taped to the wall. I had never eaten there, but already I felt nostalgic.Unfortunately, I found the restaurant a few years too late.Technically, for 9.99 it's all you can eat, but unless you have a small appetite, it does take some effort to actually eat all you can eat. They've got two types of meat. The chadolbaegi is sliced impossibly thin and kept sticking to the grill. And the samgyupsal is cut smaller than at similar restaurants. Furthermore, when they bring you a plate of meat, there's only enough for one batch on the grill meaning we had to ask for more meat quite often. Halfway into the meal, we realized that the most efficient way to do it was to empty the entire contents of the plate onto the grill as soon as we received it and ask for more meat two seconds later rather than wait until we'd finished eating the entire plate as we'd normally do. At times it actually felt like we were battling the waitresses for more food. If I were an older ajushi, I probably wouldn't have had this problem, but what am I to do?In the end it wasn't the most pleasant dining experience. But it was all-you-can-eat Korean bbq and, though it required a little bit of patience, I did end up eating all I could eat. In college I would've died for a place like this. But now that I'm older and wealthier, I'll probably spend the few extra bucks on a nicer restaurant.... On the other hand... it is all-you-can-eat... and it is Korean bbq... and at 9.99, that would mean I can have Korean bbq TWICE as often for the same amount of money!!! oooh.... tempting....
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2007,4/21/2007,221,281,2,9,8>I never seem to eat very much at these Yelp gatherings.  I also never seem to get around to reviewing the places that we hang out at. So it's about time I start, no? Anyway. Yuki was kind enough to plan brunch at the BBC this morning. So all of us Yelpys and Yelpettes gathered at 11am on this GORGEOUS Sunday morn to break bread. The company was fabulous. The food? Notsomuch. I for one wasn't so mad about the whole Prix Fixe Menu thing. I just didn't order off of it. I can't eat anything but breakfast food for my first meal. That's just how it is. So I ordered the Chilequiles, and I didn't like them. Now, I don't know if that's really the BBC's fault. I could have just ordered the wrong thing. I have had great appetizers there before, but that's it. Samuel, the GM, didn't impress me. And he really did have the chance to impress. We were told when we sat down that soup or salad was included in the price of the Prix Fix menu, but we were charged for all the soups, and all the salads. Nobody said anything because we just wanted to leave, but still.So as Joan said, go to BBC and enjoy the view, and have a few appetizers (I added that part), but really, don't expect too much on the food, cuz you'll be dissapointed.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2006,4/20/2007,1095,3855,11,10,15>A bunch of us yelpers gathered here on a leisurely Saturday afternoon and grabbed some dim sum. It was the first meeting for some of us so we were more engrossed in chatting than eating.The first impression this restaurant gave me was really great. It was clean, had a really nice decor inside with chairs covered in fancy fabric. Not quite what one would expect of a Chinese restaurant. There is a separate upstairs area plus a bunch of rooms where, if one wanted to have a banquet, it would be easy to have a secluded area just for that.The dim sum was good, but the selection was pretty shoddy. There weren't many items to choose from and the ladies driving the carts weren't enthusiastic about selling them to us. Most of the time we had to flag them down in order to get some grub. Still, whatever we had was decent enough.Service was so-so. Tea was immediately placed on the table even though we were still in the process of choosing a tea so we ended up having whatever was placed in front of us. The har gaw was good as were the sticky rice and fried noodles. As I said before we didn't get a huge selection of the dim sum because it didn't seem like they had any. We even tried to order some but they said they had sold out. WTF! This is a Saturday for goodness sake!The good thing was they didn't rush us and accomodated us with our requests. We were all too busy to really care and in the end, I had a great time finally putting some of the names to faces.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,4/19/2007,318,98,5,9,9>Of the three casinos that ive been in the LA area(commerce, bicycle, hawaiian gardens), this one is my favorite.They have a bunch of the standard card room games including my favorite, texas hold em poker.   They have tables for all levels.  I usually just play at the 20 dollar no limit table.  You can only start with 20 dollars at this table.  The dealers and staff at this casino are surprisingly nice and helpful.  Most of the people i've played with here are also nice.  Really really strange for a casino in my experience.They have food that you can order at the tables where u play.  Like most casinos, the food is super cheap in price.  The quality isnt horrible either.  They have all sorts of food ranging from steak, to chinese to club sandwiches to korean bbq.   I have since quit going to local casinos(i dont wanna become a gamboholic) but would recommend this place to anyone that is interested in this soul sucking game.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2007,1/10/2008,222,279,24,11,15>How much was I dying to try this place?  oh let me tell you..this happened Thursday.  After presenting a deal in Palos Verde , my boss needed to run into another meeting in Torrance.  So I dropped him off and took HIS CAR back to the office.  Umm...I just started this job 2 months ago and his car is worth more than twice the price of my car.  Lets just say there are few things that make a grown man shake..this is one of them.So it was 1:45pm and I was starving.  I could, option A, go to the office and pick up my car to grab lunch.  OR, option B, pick up something with his car and bring it back to the office.  My lazy dumbass chose option B.  Well of course god hates me.  I parked the car and I didn't know how to lock it.  So I just ran inside Panini to grab a sandwich.  And guess what happened when I got out?  I COULD"T START THE CAR!!!!  WTF!  WTF!  I think I even leaked on myself.  How can this happen to me?  What am I going to tell him?  That I took his car out joy riding?  Especially in a shady neighborhood?  And for what?  A EFFIN PANINI SANDWICH?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!I called my sales assistant to pick me up.  I guess the car is "dumb proofed".  She just put the key in and turned it on.  That's how much I wanted Panini!  And you know what...the eggplant mozzarella was SUCH a disappointment.  It was too oily for something that should taste so refreshing.  Lesson learned.  Don't take bosses car out to pick up food cravings.  It's just very hard to justify.  Especially for Panini's?  Nah.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,1/9/2008,37,58,1,7,6>The Starling Diner sits in a quiet residential neighborhood, only mere blocks from the hustle and bustle of Belmont Shore.  As a breakfast and lunch diner, the prices are higher compared to other similar eateries in Long Beach.  As I soon discover, "you get what you pay for" holds true for this gem.I order one of the daily scrambles, a mix of  applewood bacon and cheddar.  Served with a side of polenta potatoes and a small baguette, the breakfast is hearty and satisfying, though not so large as to induce a food coma.  The cost for the scrambles range from $6.50 to $12.  There are a variety of mix-ins to please the palette; from goat cheese to smoked salmon and carmelized onions.  I notice the cheddar and egg scramble is available at 4.95 from 9 to 11 from Tuesday to Thursday. I make a mental note to make sure to go to wake up early enough to try the special. Despite being very busy, my friendly server always makes sure my coffee cup is full.  The coffee is strong and dark, unlike the watered-down versions served at other diners. My server tells me it is a special blend made specifically for Starling. I am a happy man with my coffee.Not wanting to end my time at Starling, I order a basket of fresh-baked scones for $5.95.   The scones are tender and buttery, not unlike the best butter croissants and buttermilk biscuits.Served with jam, butter, and homemade lemon curd,  I am transported to an English inn on first bite.  Mmmm, this is a good scone.During subsequent visits, I will make sure to have lunch and dinner here.  After my 90 minute brunch, I leave with a satisfied feeling, energized to face the day.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,1/8/2008,336,291,6,11,10>Obviously not as good as disneyland, but whenever we dont feel like dealing with the crowds we come here.Do's:- a wine tasting near a bug's land...great variety of wines- see all of the shows : aladdin, a bugs life, muppet show, turtle talk with crush- try the milkshakes from the "farmers market"!!! the best!!!-Grab a FREE tortilla from the mission factory and a piece of sourdough bread from Boudain factory and learn something- go on Soarin over California!  Brilliant!!!- take lots of pics- go on Screamin...one of the smoothest roller coastersDon't:- come during the summer days...if you do bring an umbrella, hats...- wear your sunglasses on the maliboomer!!!  My good pair flew up as soon as we shot up, and traveled back down in front of me about 10 feet (to where i couldn't grab it and just had to watch it) and splattered to the ground.. :(- go overboard on the margaritas or beer!I do enjoy coming over here, but my true yearning is for Disneyland
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,1/7/2008,452,185,6,14,16>Almost every summer, I take a huge group to Sunset Kayaks just about monthly for kayaking around Huntington Harbor.  Through all our late arrivals, struggling to find drivers' licenses, struggling to find cash, trying to figure out who wants double kayaks, and so on, the people of Sunset Kayak Rentals have always been unbelievably nice and accommodating.  And a 3-hour rental for between $7 and $10 (depending on if you're getting a single or double kayak) is a pretty damn good deal no matter how you slice it.  Huntington Harbor is the ideal place to learn how to kayak because there are virtually no waves.  This also makes it a good workout for people who are more experienced-- no waves are going to push your kayak along.  We all usually stake claims on several of the mansions that dot the harbour ("I want that 200,000 sq ft one with the yacht in front!"  "OK, I'll take the 86,000 sq ft one with the ship dock instead, then!"), play on the swings in the playground off the public beach when we take a break, and grab lunch afterwards.  It's a great way to spend a day, even if it is all the way the heck out in the OC.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2007,1/6/2008,113,69,16,13,14>I hate to say this, but if a place has good bread it can really enhance a restaurant's rating with me...they could serve me the equivalent of poo on a plate and I would probably happily enjoy it because of the tastiness of their carb offerings...Thankfully Roma D Italia is quite the opposite, no poo on a plate here, just solid mom and pop Italian fare, that is heavy on the red sauce.Located in downtown Tustin across from often Yelp reviewed Honda-Ya, Roma D Italia is a charming and small haunt, that greets you with local charm upon entrance.  My companion and I were seated promptly and were given a chance to look over the menu. This place serves a lot of pasta variations, most in meat or marinara sauce. Items range in cost from 10 bucks up to the 20's depending on what the hell you want to order. One thing that caught my eye was called "Pizza Bread",and since the bread that they gave us originally was standard "bread" nothing special, just warm, like Mike Tyson at a beauty pageant I was ALL OVER ordering this "Pizza Bread". My date was surprised by my aggressiveness, but she didn't have a chance, I was gonna get this no matter what she said(luckily she just sat, smiled and judged me silently) We ordered the Chicken Parmigiana , and Gnocchi for the meal. ....(Dirtbag Tip of the review...Impress your lady friend by asking the server about the wine, I snuck a peak at the wine menu and its Cheap Cheap Cheap!...you will not only look "cultured" but also like your not a dirt bag, but  secretly, we know that you are)The "Pizza Bread" came out first and looked like what you would get at Pat and Oscar's, but with a homemade touch. 15 garlicky, pizza like bread sticks were upon us....20minutes, and a almost empty plate later I sat there in bread bliss....Christ that was some good breadOh yeah, the food was good as well, I was happy with my Chicken P, and the Gnocchi I was assured, was in the "upper echelon" of goodness as well. All in all I was satisfied with my meal at Roma D Italia, its not going to win any awards for its ground breaking cuisine, but that is not the reason many regulars I know about go here....its consistently good, and very fair priced. 4/5 Raviolis....The Pizza Bread makes it 4.5 but I round down because the initial bread we got sucked
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2007,1/5/2008,17,56,16,6,8>I dont like shopping, i cant stand malls, and im especially resistant to spending lots of money on shit i really dont need. with all that said, i still managed to waste a couple gallons of gas driving to one of the hugest, most grotesque displays of human wealth (the south coast plaza) in search for a suit. im expected to wear one for my upcoming graduation ceremony, but i really dont "need" one. as i sat there in my parked car, at the front of the SCP, i began to ask myself:Will i ever wear this suit again? probably not. Should every man have a clean, pressed suit hanging in his closet? absolutely not.  So i walk into zara, with the intentions of purchasing a suit, hopefully spending no more than say, two hundred dollars. a complete shot in the dark, but im basing all of my expectations on the highly regarded reviews yelp had to offer. i dont care much for displays or decorations when it comes to buying articles of clothing, so these details went completely unrecognized. what did get my attention (and were talking immediately) was the fact that there was a techno remix of bon jovi's "its my life" blasting at what seemed like full volume. now, the original version of this song is pretty damn bad, so just imagine the damage a little tempo upgrade and a dance beat could do. honestly though, anything cranked up this loud would have offended me... even chromeo's "needy girl."I wandered around completely directionless for a solid thirty minutes, just looking through the numerous jacket/pants combinations on display. in the first ten of those thirty min, i realized id be kissing more than $200 goodbye if i wanted to look "sharp" in front of my friends and family this dec. I noticed at least six female employees tending to the men's section, but surprisingly, i still hadn't received the ever-friendly, "hi, are you finding everything alright?" whatever, i usually could care less, but for once, i really did need some help. its not everyday that i go out and drop 300+ bucks on a fucking suit, ladies! for this kind of money, im expecting to look like goddamn james bond, if not better!I walked up to one of the inattentive employees and asked her for some help. her response was remotely odd, but kind of funny. for a short moment, her mouth didnt even budge - she just looked at me like i was retarded or something. though, i was a little out of my element - so maybe i did look kinda retarded?Now, i want to say she was helpful, in the sense that she went downstairs to the stock room about five times, gave me her personal advice, and eventually sold me a $300 suit, but... i sensed a hint of resentment throughout the entire course of our hour-long, customer-consumer relationship. maybe it was just me, but i couldnt help but feel like i was ruining this young woman's day. Nonetheless, at the end of it all, i found me a euro-fit suit. its black, its "sharp," and it hugs my lanky bod like ive never felt before. i guess you could say im impressed. not so much by this store or the service - just by the suit itself. as i walked through the parking lot and back to my car, i thought to myself: Will i return to zara for non suit-related articles of clothing? probably not. Will i return to zara in hopes of hearing a techno remix of an already techno remixed "we like to party" by the vengaboys? absolutely not.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,1/4/2008,1220,963,18,16,19>it reminds me of that SNL skit with the continental played by chris walken. if that character was real, he would hang out here. and if elvis wasn't really dead and played lead hillbilly at disneyland down the street, he would also come to the continental and perform! i haven't hung out in the oc (is it officially called the oc now?) since college. i didn't know a swanky place like this existed. and now that i know it exists, elvis exists, and the continental exists, why would they allow oc'ers to frequent such a nice establishment?place gets busy but not too busy. the inside reminds you of a velvet coat. im used to beanie wearing, tank top wearing, board shorts wearing oc'ers but this is not the spot for them. this is like sophisticated oc'ers. drinks are good and reasonable. dress code simply means no backwards hats.one of elvis's groupies spilled a drink. i told one of the bartenders and he acted like he was gonna do something and it never materialized and we ended up cleaning it ourselves. that was the only weird thing.things i remember? that finally the king of ktown got to meet the king of rock and roll. and the oc has a lot of cleavage and a lot of groupies!hail to the king baby! this is so rotd!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2007,1/3/2008,231,260,10,3,5>2nd to only the true LONG BEACH WAREHOUSE:PUNX RULE, OK?if you come here, expect to bring a greeting card - otherwise the hells angels at the door will send you to heaven!  the floors are paved with glass and the ceilings paved with concrete, the glasses paved with skin and the skin is paved with acne.  once upon a time in a far away place Mike Watt lived and he never said grace!!  johnny hit and run paulene and paulene better hit and run babes warehouse, this is the place to be and the place to see.  i've never seen a babes warehouse with more babes, and likewise this warehouse has never seen a better babe than i.  the more i talk the more i caulk, and this place needs plenty of it.  i've never sealed a bathrub, but if a bathtub ever needed sealing, this space is the place.  space = the place.  let's go to space.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,1/1/2008,206,233,12,7,7>Dear Enrique,Why did you let me ignore you all that time? I lived in Long Beach for 3 years and never had the chance to enjoy you. Why? Because I was annoyed by the fact that you lived in a strip mall. That's like the food equivalent of a guy who still lives with his mother.Even after hearing the girls in my book club rave about you. About how you had changed their worlds. About how their booty calls to you were so deliciously anticipated. And how you always came through.Why did you hide there behind that crappy internet coffee/bobba tea place, parked between a children's store and a bad Italian restaurant? I drove right past the lines of people who would wait to see you on the weekends, thinking: No worries, El Torito will welcome me in. His home is larger, and more prominently located right there on PCH. Mr. Torito has a corporate gig, and he just wants our love to be out in the open like that.But you...you have hid your passion from mine eyes. Maybe you didn't feel good enough. Maybe it was the lack of liquor license. Maybe you thought I couldn't subsist on beer alone. Either way, you have been found. And you continue to support my nagging Chicken Enchilada habit. Enrique, you will always be an itch that I just can't scratch. Because now I live in the O.C. near "Mi Casa". They just don't do me like you do, Henry. Or do you prefer "Hank"?
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,12/31/2007,303,267,11,6,9>The only thing that kept popping in my mind from the first second I pulled up to vallet is, "I dont belong here. I dont belong here". And I dont, but it was my closest cousin's wedding, and I was invited....So there :)Everyone else on that side of the family, has the money to come here regularly, and dress the part....I however, am the one racing solo down the freeway, with my arms up the whole time, trying to dry the sweat stains off of my 20 dollar dress before the ceremony. The Hotel's location is breathtaking....I had an idea of what to expect, but when I arrived, I realized that not even my imagination could conjure up this kind of beauty... I posted some pictures to try and capture this...The lobby was large, with lot's of friendly people to greet you along the way...There are private rooms with computers and telephone's for you to use as well. The service is very friendly, and the food is AMAZING. They were walking around with h'orderves before the reception, on this outside terrace with an open bar, a fountain, and plush seating arrangements....They includedCoconut shrimp with pina colada sauce (huge)Miniture beef wellingtonSerrano Ham wrapped scallops with lemon oilCrab cakes with cajun remouladeand that was just to start...The bathroom I used, had it's own sink fresh wash clothes in each stall!The Ceremony took place outside on the cliff area right over the ocean, it was amazing, but the wind never seems to die down in that area, so it was a little inconvenient....My dress was almost borderline inappropriate when it came to length, but as soon as I stepped outside, the word "borderline", literally flew out the window.The Reception area was amazing, the food and service once again was top notch. Peter Cetera (Original singer from Chicago), sang my cousins first wedding song...God I hate my family.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,6/13/2011,1018,364,14,13,14>Holy Pastrami! HUGE sandwich. HUGE "small" fries. HUGE belly! Sure, I coulda saved half my sandwich for another time but it was one of those moments of grease-drunken lethargy where my mouth was overriding my brain and I went for it. All of it.Good pastrami. Not the best I've ever eaten, mind you, but the best I've eaten is damn near 3,000 miles away in NYC so it's a little more convenient for me at The Hat.Do yourself a favor, though - go with a friend and split a sandwich and fries. Your waistline will thank you. And try the Hot Mustard. Oh man, good stuff!!!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,6/11/2011,220,123,24,25,21>Are you ready to get down and dirty and suck like crazy?! It was my first time here, and not gonna lie, I love this place. Why? BECAUSE THERE'S NO WAITING! No lines. No crowds. No 1-2 hours wait time. Say whaaaaaat? Yup. I'm sold. My friend Ben swears that this place is the shit. So of course when I found out that I'll be having dinner at Kickin' Crab, I immediately jumped onto Yelp to see how good this place is. Truthfully, I was a tad bit apprehensive about it, because the reviews weren't as great as I had expected. Anyway, came here for dinner and also to watch the Lakeshow. Since it was my first time at KC, I let my friend order for us. He ordered the combo deal #2, which includes 1 crab or lobster (your choice), 1lb of shrimps, 1lb of clams, 2 corns, 2 potatoes, and 4 sausages, and cajun fries on the side. How spicy? He asked for medium. Which, in my opinion wasn't spicy enough to my liking. But apparently it was too spicy for him, because the whole time, homeboy kept bitching about how his mouth is burning... like a true pansy, haha jk! I hope he doesn't read this. I really like the sauce here at KC-- extra buttery and extra garlicky! The shrimps and clams are big and juicy and so flavorful (not salty), I sucked the hell out of all them shrimps, LOL. I also really realllly realllyyyy like their cajun fries here-- extra crispy! :) Food is awesome, service is great! Our server was very attentive and super friendly. It really is refreshing to know that great service still exists at cajun restaurants. So, after trying out KC, I really don't understand why the ratings isn't as high as it should be. Weird. Well, I don't really care what other people think about KC, but personally, for me, I really really reallllyyy love this place. Honestly, I would much rather come here and avoid the ridiculous long wait at BC.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,6/10/2011,355,278,16,20,14>I've been meaning to come to Tanaka Farms for at least a year. Now that I've finally been, I can't believe it took me so long to get there. This is a working farm and the area is simply a beautiful farmy oasis in the middle of Irvine. As I walked through rows of corn taller than me, I felt like I was in Iowa for a minute...until I saw all the hipster OC parents dragging their Small Paul-clad kids around. Yes, you will find a billion kids here because, well, no one appreciates dirt, mud, manure, hay stacks, and farm animals more than children. However, while my toddler enjoyed jumping through muddy puddles, running away from me through the pumpkin patch, and watching the farmers launch pumpkins with a cannon (no joke), I loved picking organic veggies, the gorgeous scenery, and the lovely yet bumpy tractor ride though the farm. We were there for a child's birthday party so I didn't actually pay for anything. However, I noticed that the prices seemed very reasonable. If you're looking for a good place to have a party or a group tour, I would highly recommend this farm. If you're looking to just pick or buy seasonal fruits/veggies, I would try and come during the week since the weekends are apparently insane. If you do come on the weekends, try and come early since it gets really packed by mid-morning. Also make sure to bring a camera, sunscreen, and wear farm-appropriate shoes (my designer flats sadly didn't make the cut). And, perhaps most importantly, bring lots of hand sanitizer. Farm animals, dirt, and children are never a good combination.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,6/9/2011,759,662,17,20,17>I was gallivanting around HB this morning and remembered my Yelp Friend Sarah A's review of this place that I'd bookmarked. So, since I had one more errand to run in the HB before heading home, cooler in tow with ice packets I jumped past the 405 and jumped to it for a BANH MI Dac Biet-Lynda's Special. I always start with a sandwich or burger joints signature piece; if that's good grub then I explore other sandwiches like Davy Crockett and his men all alone for weeks on end...Ahem...the sandwich & Lynda Sandwich: BANH MI Dac Biet-Lynda's Special (AKA The Crack-Wich!): A 6 " sandwich, fully loaded with, 6 thick Round Cut Pork slices, Cilantro, diced fresh Cucumbers, smothered with that orgasmic Mayonnaise (as described in previous reviews) that they will not tell you how it's made (my Yelp Friend and expert in food prep-Tess M says it's most likely this seriouseats.com/talk/200…)  engulfed between two very thick crusty on th inside-soft on the inside sqaure cut French Rolls. When I got this sandwich home (as I always do with many sandwiches) I added some White Albacore Tuna and dribbled Hoisin Sauce on top, cut this delight into 4 squares so I could savor every bite as not to let anything drop on my plate but only into my mouth! I'm gonna say it finally-A Damn Good Sandwich! Price-$3.25! The young man who took my order very patiently explained which sandwiches are better made cold to (they make them hot too) and which ones are not. Also, he suggested the Fish Cake or Salomon Fish sandwich next time. The staff here are very efficient, personable, accommodating and, the clientele (although reminding me of my days playing Pan Nine at The Commerce & Bicycle Club Casinos) were regulars and that is always a good sign. The outside is very nicely decorated with umbrella covered tables and, was quite busy as mostly all of the tables were taken. Now the inside was very, very Chic-Moderene, very reminiscent of the French influence when Vietnam was a French colony back in the day. Also, from the beautiful fish scale Chandler, tables, chairs and especially the bathroom with very nice amenities (a lovely scented candle set in between an open armed golden frog=comfort & peace) and the high tech Loo, sink and faucet made me want to sit in the dim lighting and ponder! On their menu is printed: "Lynda Sandwich invites you to come and indulge with the stars" My Vietnamese friend Julie Phan (after hearing I went here today) informed me that this newly opened business is owned by a very popular Vietnamese Husband & Wife actor & actress and, the wife is a very popular singer in Vietnam as well. I'm coming back and do give this Gourmet Sandwich Shop (without the Gourmet Prices a shot), you will enjoy!Now you Yelpers:youtube.com/watch?v=hwqw…
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,6/8/2011,610,113,21,28,28>My friend CT loves food.  She even created a group called "Skinny T loves to eat!!" on Facebook to invite and also chat about our next food adventure.  CT normal picks a destination for us to eat at on Sundays--since most of us are too lazy to do any planning.  Plus, it is always nice to gab over food and drinks before the work week begins.Service - Yay! I'm a Fan - See Below.Cleanliness - ExcellentPrice - $309.59 (includes tax and tip, 10 person party, $35/person)Seafood - Yes, clam, salmon, shrimp, calamari, fish, crab, scallopsMeats - Yes, beef, chicken, and porkVegetables - Yes, saladsDessert - N/AFruits - N/AOther - (1) Located off Trask Avenue (right next to the 22 freeway).  (2) Free parking in private lot.  (3) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (4) For a party of 6 ore more, 15% gratuity will be added to your check.What was ordered:Customer Service (Complimentary) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) -  Mr. Vu was our server for this evening.  He was very responsive regarding our needs--drinks, ordering additional entrees, and other requests.  My friend CL brought some desserts for CT and the restaurant was kind enough to keep them in their refrigerator until we were done with our meal.3 - Grilled Pork Rolls ($6.30/each) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Grilled pork wrapped in rice paper with a crispy roll, lettuce, mint, carrot & cucumber served with Chef's special sauce.  They are renowned for this roll so this is a "must get."  You can actually see grill marks on the pork--in good size pieces of meat as well.4 - Nem Chua Spring Rolls ($5.95/each) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Nem Chua (cured/fermented pork) wrapped in rice paper with a crispy roll, lettuce, mint, carrot & cucumber served with Chef's special sauce.  It is cured and it's pork.  Is there really much explanation needed here?1 - King Crab Salad ($15.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Unshelled King Crab legs over lettuce, shredded cucumbers and carrots, egg bits, and glass noodles with a wasabi dressing.  The best part is that they unshelled the crab meat for you--nice chunk of meat.  The wasabi dressing is excellent if you love wasabi.1- Prawn Mango Salad ($18.95) - A-Ok (3 stars) - Grilled tiger prawn over mango salad with grilled asparagus, rice cake with mango & roasted bell pepper dressing.  The Tiger prawn went well with the mango.  However, I did not care too much for the rice cake.2 - Lunar Cakes ($7.95/each) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Crispy rice-flour cake filled with shrimp & scallion, served with fish sauce.  I like to put "pink" stuff in my mouth, especially so with shrimp.  I could probably stuff these in my mouth all day.  Hey, ladies!!  2 - Seafood Claypot ($9.95/each) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Stir-fried rice in a clay pot with calamari, shrimp, crab meat, egg & vegetables in garlic sauce.  These are your typical claypots at any tofu house--approximately 5 inches in diameter.  It is stuffed with a lot of seafood goodness.  Nice contrast with crispy rice that burnt slightly on the claypot--though tasted wonderfully with the juices of the seafood.4 - Duck Spring Rolls ($8.95/each) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Roasted duck wrapped in rice paper with a crispy roll, lettuce, mint, carrot, cucumber, asparagus served with Chef's special sauce.  I was on the fence with this spring roll.  I liked it because it was not oily--for those that buy the hanging ducks at Asian BBQs, you know what I'm talking about.  However, from that oil comes big flavors.  The duck flavor was slight in these spring rolls.  2 - Hanoi Pork Noodle ($9.95) - Yay! I'm a Fan (4 stars) - BBQ pork & grilled pork patties in lime chili fish sauce with pickled vegetables served with vermicelli & Asian greens.  The pork and pork patties were good--nice flavor.  It comes with a lot of Asian greens and vermicelli.Overall, I'm a fan of this place.  This is not your typical Vietnamese cuisine restaurant you associate with Garden Grove.  It has been Vegasized--ultra shiek and modern-upscaled venue and ambiance.  Perfect place for a date or a 10 party of good friends.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,6/7/2011,1968,2065,33,28,28>*****Zeus' Lightening Bolt in the OC! *****It turns out that Percy Jackson is a Lightening Thief and somehow hid that power rod of the gods at the intersection of the 55 Fwy and McFadden.Zeus must be pissed. Oh well! That lightening bolt is powering up the grill and blasting out the best damn grilled chicken sandwich I have had....Mediterranean style! Not only that!!! Poseidon stands, with his trident in hand, guarding with springs of  powerful "Water of the Gods" California Style...Grape Soda! Four stools and a counter brings back memories of Bludso's in Compton. Just substitute the BBQ for Greek Man Food with a CA twist and swap out the Big Red for Grape Drink. The whole group (Maggie C, James H, Lisa J and Stacy H) agreed and basked in the bounty of flavor that only comes from Mount Olympus.Not a fan of the fries. Just one he-double toothpicks of a Grilled Chicken Sandwich! This is not just a place for demigods. It is a place where mortal and god mix to create one heaven of an Olympian meal for just about anyone. So jump in your ride and embark on your own Odyssey to visit the kitchen of the gods. No need to head west to Ithaca..this is Tustin Baby!!! You will, no doubt, discover you are eating the magic lotus sandwich and the lotus eaters will have you forgetting about where you came from.You wont be leaving anytime soon. So welcome to your new home..the OC. Peter's " Lotus-Lightening" Gourmade Grill..another reason the OC is the best place to live!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,6/6/2011,387,642,23,14,13>I came I saw I conqueredDrove from Irvine to HB, exhausted from a morning spent maniacally Surrey-ing around Newport Beach and recuperating from the last vestiges of a beer filled evening at Father's office the night before. As I coast up PCH in a semi-fugue state listening me to some Alicia Keyes because she makes my headache disappear and my heart melt, nothing sounds better than a fresh dunked, fresh loved, fresh made, fresh berried, blueberry donut. And, experienced yelper that I am, I had bookmarked to try The Donnutery, that surprisingly has so collected a many, many great reviews, slowly and steadily marching their way to storm the gates of M&M donut's blueberry donuttarchy. We arrived here on a blustery Saturday afternoon, with grey clouds heralding our arrival into this mom and popish donut store that has a huge, looming picture of a lofty breakfast burrito challenging you from next to the register. Smudged glass panels separate our glazed fingers from the sheer variety of donuts around us, Tiger tails and custard-filled delights, flakes of almonds and rainbow sprinkles. Honey and wheat. Maple and chocolate. And when I found out for a dozen donuts (and a beautiful sugar high...there were 5 of us) we only had to shell out 6 bucks I ...gently...demanded my freaking. Blueberry. Donuts. Which they were out of. WHAT?! After...the drive? And the...surrey...traffic...beer...drive...what?! Confusion. Despair. Sorrow. Anger. Grief. Denial. Hate. Of course, at this point we're not going to walk away empty handed. I vengefully agreed to buy a dozen donuts anyway, feeling validated now in my pending gluttony. And then the beautiful lady who owns this store...let us choose a dozen, and then another, and then another, AND THEN ANOTHER. And finally...for 6 dollars we walked away with 20 donuts. The box weighed like a heavy baby, and I the proud father. (Gross imagery, but too late). 5 of us sat down and with knife and fork...went to town on that box. Half an hour later, crumbs scattered across cardboard, custard and lemon and raspberry filling dashed across the ragged buttery remnants of torn donuts, forks fallen and napkins crumpled, I wearily noted the Pollack-esque quality of our battle and breathed...or rather tried to breathe a sigh of relief. Sugar high warred with food coma. All I had was a vague recollection of chocolate flakes, buttery and fluffy, dense and cakey delights, animal-like snarls around me, crumbs splashing on my chin and JayZ resounding in my head. I came I saw I conquered.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2010,6/5/2011,879,320,22,19,20>This is OC's original dive bar, and the secret's out.  I used to hang out here back in my earlier days when I was just a smidge over the legal drinking age.  Why?  There was (and still is) no other legitimate drinking place where you can play $1 pool and darts AND (for all you smokers out there) smoke inside (though the sign says "no smoking").  And then you can do that all the while downing a schooner (or 3) among fellow pool playing alcoholics, and let me tell you.  I mean that in a very good way.However, please note that I've never been a smoker nor a very good pool player.  But I will tell you that once upon a time, I perfected my dart playing to a reasonable degree right here at The Mule.  And I did that all the while listening to metal and various forms of classic rock.  Okay, so they do get a little crazy blasting the Sublime nonsense, but remember this is Lake Forest we're talking here, and that means you might get your fair share of bros.  Don't bother them and they usually don't bother you.  Fast forward to today, and guess what?  It hasn't changed a bit.  AND you still get the same snarky bartenders.  Love it.Overall, don't expect to order a cosmo and just forget about that vodka tonic you've been craving all day.  Folks, this is BEER ONLY.  Also, it's probably not a good place for a date.  Note:  Decent beer selection on tap (Newcastle, Fat Tire, Stone Co, etc.).  Cash only!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,6/4/2011,1095,3855,23,14,15>OH HELLO! Why did it take so long to make your acquaintance arroz con pollo? Perhaps I thought you were just like arroz con mariscos but with chicken? I didn't know you would taste like a non-spicy curry!! OKAY pescado a lo macho, I'm pushing you aside to make room for arroz con pollo as my entree lover -- sorry -- you can still be my part time lover.And oh, why do I never remember you soups when I'm here? Black bean and sweet corn soup, how enticing you were in making my mouth and tummy sing -- so flavorful and hearty. I am so attracted to you but too bad the chicken and cilantro soup is just a little sexier than you.... sorry!I'm sorry to have neglected you sandwiches, but I only have one stomach and although I adore you, it is hard to say no to the specials of the day because, after all, they are only here for the day, while you, well, you are a long-time resident of the board and I know you will still be here when I come back next.Ahhh Renzo's A Taste of Peru, why do you make me choose? I feel like I'm cheating on the entrees when I rendezvous with the sandwiches and then when I secretly sip on the soup I feel like I'm being unfaithful to the daily specials?
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/3/2011,457,459,14,18,16>This place blew away Haven IMO.  I loved the cool, chic, NYC vibe of this tiny place in the revitalized downtown Santa Ana.  We came in on Monday evening, around 7pm and sat at the bar.  I loved the concept of, buying a drink for a friend, and took advantage by tricking a friend into thinking some random guy bought her a drink.  When she saw her name on the board, she got a little freaked out.  It was good for a few laughs, but we eventually had to let the cat out of the bag.  We had their signature drink - the bazil something ($8) with blueberrys, and basil, way better than Haven!!! Our culinary journey in order of preference:The shrimp, chorizo and potato tacos- come three to an order.  Light, perfectly cooked shrimp, cilantro, crisp spanish chorizo - not the soft mexican variety- warm potatoes and a sauce that would make angels sing.  The perfect balance of smokey, and crisp.  So freakin good.The berry lemon bread pudding - OMG, I died and went to heaven with the raspberry reduction and fresh berries baked in a brioche bread pudding.  Seriously, I wanted to stab my co-diners hand when she stuck her fork in the dessert so I would have more for myself.Hangar steak and fries - loved the sherry dip and the steak was perfectly cooked along with fries that I couldn't stop eatingbacon wrapped blue cheese dates served with a dijon mustard sauce.  YUMMYahi burritto tortilla thing.  The ahi was good on its own, but when wrapped in a tortilla, it lost something for me.  OVerall, an awesome dining experience with good friends and hubby to sit at the bar and enjoy a great meal.  That took Monday night to a "whole nutha level"
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,1/19/2007,116,61,,4,3>For quite some time I've had a friend tell me about this little Italian deli on a side street off of 2nd street but had yet to check it out.  Seeing all of the positive feedback from yelp I finally ventured out.It's amazing how much stuff is packed in such a small area, imported pastas, olive oils, wines, cookies and other tasty sundries. All of it made my want to run home and whip up some delectable treats but I was there to try the sandwiches. Boy were they good! The thick, crusty rustic bread was as authentic as can get. The tasty garlic spread. The sandwiches are quite simple but that is what makes them so great as do the quality ingredients and good bread.I tried the turkey and ham. My husband had the Italian grinder. Thankfully, he's learned to share long ago so we swapped halves and enjoyed.We managed to go twice during Christmas break. Each time, the service was warm and genial which only makes me want to go back and patronize small local establishments of this nature even more.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,1/18/2007,65,71,6,10,5>Bought some baby Koi fish for our backyard pond at Pacific Reef. The staff there are all really cool, friendly and knowledgable. I bought 2 koi  and 2 butterfly koi and they gave one to me free and even let me pick him out. Awesome! My fiance used to have 13 or so large Koi fish in his pond but killed all but one when he left the hose running in the pond over night.  They're now buried in our backyard. Gross, I know, but you should see how well the fruit trees are doing! Anyways, we thought the lone survivor (I call him Big Daddy) should have some fishie friends. His new friends are still really tiny compared to him so they mostly get bullied by Big Daddy but eh, I'm sure they really love each other deep down inside. When purchasing the fish, we were given instructions on how to introduce the new fish into the pond.1. float them in the bags for at least 15 minutes to adjust water temp.2. add 1 cup pond water into the bags every 15 mins until bag is full.3. let them out of the bag.Worked like a charm! The fishies are doing well and we can't wait to see them grow!They have a pretty  large selection of fish, plants, live reef, and creepy crawlies. I'm not much of a fish/aquarium enthusiast so that's as much info as you'll get from this girl.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,1/17/2007,40,80,7,3,3>Fun Fact: The term "boba" in Taiwanese slang equates to something like big breast explosion. Anyways, this is a regular boba chain that carries your common icy's, snow bubbles, and milk teas with choice of size of pearls. Try the Almond Milk Tea with Boba. YumoThis place is way too loud to be a suitable environment to chat or study. Try the Spicy chicken. Soo good especially when they fry up the basil leaves with it!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2007,1/16/2007,95,143,5,8,7>There are times in the life of a male when we must prove our hunter-gatherer worth.  We must decide to watch sporting events and consume red meat.  I chose to become this individual while dining at Park Ave.  I felt no shame in ordering a patty melt with homemade chips. It seemed though, in some strange miniscule manner,  as if my choice was frowned upon by an arguably annoyed waitress and head chef.  Hey, if you're going to serve American comfort food (e.g. various steaks/chops with coordinating "apple pie" side dishes and ice cream sundae desserts) then I will take no shame in consuming a hamburger! Regardless of the emotional intricacies of my choice, the food was undeniably enjoyable.  A rich, fragrant cup of tomato soup (served with a sense of restaurant hubris in an "i heart park ave." mug) begat an gloriously cooked burger as well as an amazingly decadent dessert.  While not a challenging meal, I could still sense the careful consideration that was a part of its preparation.The atmosphere was relaxed and retro, and the wine list (if I would have opted for anything but manly beer) seemed to be thorough and tempting. I'll go back and try the foie gras...or maybe just some cheese fries.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2007,1/15/2007,548,730,11,6,9>The classic - always open, always reliable, always ready to give you that steaming bowl of soup you need to either get your day going or call it a night.My first bowl of pho ever was from this place, back when I was a naive young freshman in college. I've been a pho addict ever since.I don't even mind the fact that the last time I came to eat here a bunch of christian folk singers came in and tried to get me to give them money. I even resisted squirting sriracha in their eyes.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2007,1/14/2007,390,918,3,8,8>FIVE stars for the helpfulness of the staff at THIS particular HD...I didn't have to walk around aimlessly for hours, searching for an Orange-clad person to help me out.  Whew for that!I was in need of:A) cheese clothB) a thermostat...and I ended up leaving without BOTH!  NOT because they didn't have them but because both men....yes TWO people helped me! lol...advised me that the suggested idea of covering my heating vent with cheese cloth to filter mold was a bad idea and wouldn't do crap. And as for the thermostat...well, I decided against it because really, that's my LANDLORD'S job and i'm going to hold out till he buys me one damnit!!!They were extremely helpful with suggestions...highly recommend them if you're in the area.FOUR stars on account of layout...strange layout for a HD and kind of hard to find stuff compared to others i've been in.  But I suppose the lack of design is more than made up for with the superior service.Easy parking as well...
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2006,1/13/2007,126,110,5,6,9>Okay look, I can't even believe that people think that this park is over priced! You can't even go to the movies without shelling out $20 bucks a person! Who are you cheap bastards! (Oh, I'm sorry, that was a little out of line...sort of)This is a great park. First, It is beautiful. The landscaping is incredible and, as all Disney Parks, it is exceptionally clean. So, what do you get for your $63 dollars?Soarin' Over California - Possibly one of the greatest rides ever. Something only Disney would do.The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror - Incredible (not as good as the one in Orlando, but still incredible.)California Screamin' - Great roller coaster.Grizzly River Ragin Rapids - Awesome raft attraction where you will get wet.The Animation Building has some great attractions like a hands on art lesson from a Disney animator and an interactive exhibit where you can put your voice to an animated scene.The Aladdin show was fun. Have you been to a Broadway show lately? Even the bad seats are $50!Monsters,Inc. ride was adorable.It's Tough to Be a Bug! - the best 3D interactive movie anywhere.Plus all the other stuff to do!Well worth $60. What are you doing buying a $60 ticket anyhow? For $80 you can get a ticket that let's you go to both parks.Be Happy! This the Happiest Place on Earth, after all.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2006,1/12/2007,34,0,6,4,5>i cant let mandy p stand alone on this one. she turned me on to this little find and its my fall back when i am starving on a friday night without reservations. that is not to suggest it isnt awesome and wonderfully priced. the mexican roll is my staple but i like to branch out each time i visit. the handful of times i have been here with amanda the drinks have been so satisfactory that i cant remember which rolls i have tried.  i do remember laying into a marilyn monroll and being very turned off...but thats a matter of taste. i watched a rather embarrassing display of the mating dance by a group of twenty somethings here. the restaurant is so small and the people so drunk, you get to hear the sleazy pick up lines. an added bonus.-side note: for those of you who arent seasoned wine drinkers, you can go ahead with the plum wine at irasse (or most japanese or thai places). it tastes like juice to me. and not the grown up juice that i am used to like gin and cheap whiskey...and not the pimp juice that nelly sings about...but juice.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2006,1/11/2007,0,0,,,>If i could give this joint 4.5 stars, I would.  Went back today for the 3rd time and it was better than the first 2.  I think it gets better with time.  Anyway we had the jja jang myun, jjambbong, and tang soo yook.  They gave us these spring rolls as a complimentary appetizer but I didn't eat it, so not sure how it tasted.  Jjajangmyun and Jjambong was good.  Their noodles are handmade, and they use no MSG and all organic ingredients.  You don't get that nasty food coma feeling with a parched throat as you do after eating at other chinese restaurants.What I appreciate most of all is the immaculate service.  Everyone is really friendly and service is great.Checked out the bathrooms today and they were really clean.  I dont know why i was expecting them not to be so clean, but they were brand new.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2006,1/10/2007,50,39,7,7,3>This place is always crowded when I come here and I'm not sure why? I think they paid off people to come every night and fabricate a huge line out the door so people will come. It's the best marketing strategy ever...heck, I'd do it too.For some reason, people like to wait for their food - the bigger the better - that goes for both the line and the people. I think by the time I get a table, I'm just so famished, I'll shove anything in my mouth and think it's heaven (hee hee - I just revealed one of my husband's secrets - dirrty dirrty me - shame on me)I give it 3 stars because there is NO corkage fee! So bring a bottle of wine - wait, make that 2 and we can knock one back while we stand in line.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2007,10/8/2007,263,451,12,14,17>I've tried to stay away from this store but its gravitational pull is too strong! This store is similar to Nordstrom Rack with its mixed of mid-label brands, high-end, and some couture labels. This place is for hunting if you want to find the good stuff. I got a ABS black evening gown retailing for $300 for $35! Marc Jacobs purple pumps retailing for $400 for $39! They have recently rearranged the layout. The shoes are in the back by men's section. The kids clothes are where the shoes used to be.Wear comfortable easy to slip off shoes and loosen up on your modesty. The dressing rooms is usually full in the evenings and weekends. Some ladies just change in the open area and I try to avert my eyes. Ahem. Their return policy is 14 days so be sure you like it or return it quick if you don't. If you wait past it, then you'll get store credit. This is where Nordstrom Rack is better, you can return anytime as long as you have receipt.Sales are my weakness and they got it good right now. Additional 50% off red and yellow tagged sale stuff!!Now, excuse me while I make a Loehmann's run!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2007,10/6/2007,326,258,7,10,12>I love Panera Bread. I love it so much, I'm typing this while I'm sitting in the booth here. Free Wi-Fi at all of their locations, awesome alternative to Subway, and they play Jazz. I've been here twice this week and it's not a cheap fix but it's good. I always get the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad which is $6.50-$8.50 depending on which types you get. For the sandwiches, I've tried the turkey and Tuscan chicken. The turkey was a great turkey sandwich but the chicken sandwich has too much aioli spread on it. I've tried the Greek and strawberry poppyseed salads, the greek is a good standard greek salad. The Strawberry poppyseed has a poppyseed dressing that I don't dig too much but I like the walnuts, strawberries, (canned) pineapple chunks and blueberries they add to the salad. I don't dig that I have to fight the mall traffic to get in here though. Well, I'm out of here until next week!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,10/5/2007,63,15,8,6,8>Here are some things I like about this bar.1. It is very close to my house 2. The drinks are very cheap3. Alex doesn't ever punch me more than once or twice. 4. They let me in5. All the bartenders have graduated from accredited bartending schools6. They let me DJ some times. 7. The doormen are larger than me8. Vivian let me use the computer once when mine was down at home9. The sound is good10. The juke box doesn't suckYou should go there if you like to drink in a big room with loud music and have plenty of people to talk to and look at.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2007,10/4/2007,18,705,2,8,8>It was a group of librarians who brought me to this restaurant. We met here for our first ever librarian networking/socializing event, mostly made possible because of Yelp. It was a good time meeting new people (some Yelpers, some not) and learning about what our different librarian roles are. But you're not here to listen about our librarian bonding experience. You want to know how the food and service were. So here ya go. :pI was running a little behind schedule and was worried about being late. So I called up the restaurant to let them know this. I wanted to make sure that our table was held. They kindly informed me that a few of my group had already arrived and that our table was still reserved. Whew!!! When I arrived I saw some very familiar faces. Yelp just does that. You never actually see someone in person and then all of a sudden you meet them at an event and it's like you already know them. Very cool.The staff was very obliging to our group. They made sure we had everything we needed (tables, chairs, and such) before we were ready to order. The waitress who served our meal was great. She only messed up on one order (there were 8 of us there) and offered that person fruit to eat while they waited for their original order to arrive which was only a few minutes later. She continued to make sure we had our water glasses filled and ordered whatever other drinks we wanted refills on. She did a good job. A big group can always be intimidating, but she was a true professional.So down to the food. The prices were definitely reasonable and agreeable for most budgets. Mimosas are $6 and hot tea is only $2.50. The waitress explained that on this Sunday it was a meat lovers omelette of the day that was stuffed with andouille sausage and other delightful meats accompanied by home-style potatoes ($8). Others ordered the creme brulee french toast ($8), which I heard was divine, the strawberry/peach/banana bruschetta ($7) served on four large squares of what looked like pound cake, and the corn and basil egg roulade ($14). I went with the citrus salad with ginger yogurt and raspberry scones ($7). Okay, I was a little disappointed here. The ginger yogurt tasted more like vanilla yogurt and my scones were plain with raspberry puree poured on top. So the scones had no raspberry bits or chunks inside them at all. When I read the menu that's what I expected. The meal was okay, not great. But it seemed that some of the others were enjoying what they had. For me, if I make it here for another outing, I may have to try either the omelette for the day (hopefully it will sound just as yummy as it did on this day) or the creme brulee french toast. The rating for this is 3.5 stars, mostly for the great customer service we received and how easy the restaurant was to work with. Who knows, maybe I'll have an update with a better review for next time.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,10/2/2007,34,19,6,7,9>Five Stars all the way.After having my new hood installed by a "previous shop," I thought I could live with the fact that the hood on my car sat higher on the passenger side than on the driver's side.  NOT!!!  Who the hell was I kidding?  Every time I went into the garage, my eyes would  automatically go to the offending area.  (EVERY-FREAKIN-TIME!!!)  It felt like that imperfection had me locked in its tractor beam and was drawing me in.  It was really annoying and the more I looked at it, the more it got on my nerves.  So I decided to email Vorsteiner for help.  Mike replied promptly and  offered their assistance.  (HELL YEAH!)  I gave him my availability and he penciled me in their busy schedule.  I wasn't sure if they could do anything for me, but I'm sooooooooo glad that I was wrong.  As soon as I arrived, Mike was there waiting for me.  Peter drove my car in the back and within 20 minutes, my car was back out front and the hood was adjusted.  Peter showed me what they had adjusted and how the adjustments were made.  Awesome!  Now that's what I call great customer service.  These guys are AWESOME!!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2007,10/1/2007,70,35,19,16,21>I got a call from a friend from San Diego who said he was just getting back from Catalina Island and wanted to check out the Queen. I work right next to it so I took a long lunch break and joined him for touristic fun time. $20 to get in. Not good, but not bad. We did the Self-Guided Tour and thank god we did. We ran in to the guided tourers and their tour guide was absolutely obnoxious. "245 toothbrushes, 1050 lbs of wheat, 825 razors..." Blah, blah, blah, somebody kill me please. It is an interesting little boat. Lot's of history, beautiful banquet rooms, fun shops, not to mention a pretty incredible view from the top of the boat. Something that you should see at least once in your life if you are in the area. If I ever do come back, it would be fun to come back with a straight man. The place is like a maze, with lots of little secret spots, easy to sneak off and do dirty things in. Unfortunately my friend was not down. Ah well. I had an ok time anyway.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,9/30/2007,266,256,5,10,8>I love this place.  You can go kayaking in the rich people's bay and gawk at all the houses and get some sun and exercise.the prices are great IMO.  It's like 2 hours for two people sharing a kayak for $14 i think is what i remember.  They also offer single kayaks and triples.  They used to have paddle boats that were really cute, but then they were doing construction on the sidewalk and couldn't load them up.  anyhow...The guy that owns it is really nice and they give you a map to use to figure out where you are and where you're going.  it's really simple and fun.  Highly recommended for a weekend morning or afternoon, maybe after gluttonizing over brunch at the Potholder to work off a few extra calories ;-)
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2007,9/29/2007,0,0,3,5,6>I ate lunch here yesterday and if you're looking for a restaurant that does dolsot bibimbap right, then this is the place.  My mom got their signature dolsotbap which has all sorts of crazy things like chestnut, sweet potato, walnuts, etc.  You don't add the chili paste like you would in a regular bibimbap dish, but some sort of soy sauce concoction.  I'd never seen anything like it and it was quite delicious.I got the regular bibimbap and it was huge and quite tasty.  The stone pot really did an excellent job of the keeping the meal hot, and the rice turned crispy on the bottom from the heat.  I loved the contrasting texture and it added a delightful crunch.You get salad with some sort of peanut dressing, a fluffy egg concoction in a stone pot, some refreshing soup, and a myriad of side dishes that are artfully arranged.  I took 1 star off because of the price, $10 for a pot of bibimbap is a little steep for me.  $8 if you come at lunch.  $7 and I would have been a happy camper.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,9/28/2007,23,27,8,9,6>I'm not the typical manicure/pedicure addict like most girls, but when my toes started looking like they were hating life more than I(and i was hating life this past wknd), I knew my toes were way overdue for some pampering.  Poor things...they looked like they went through toe-jam war or something.  Sorry sorry - don't mean to gross anyone out.  :p.  Anyway - I have been to several nail salons, most of which have the same procedures, the same "wham-bam-thank-you-maam now-pay-up" employees who talk amongst themselves (and I always think they're talking mad smack about me) in their secret code, the same price, same horrible job where my nails start chipping within an hour, etc...BUT CAN I JUST SAY- Pro Cypress Nail is different!  Not only is it a little cheaper, it's less congested, cleaner despite it being a small hole in the wall, much friendlier, but above all - their prep work on my toes & feet were AMAZING!  Normally pedicurists just cut, file, little bit of massaging, and then put some lotion on and then start painting.  But here, they probably spent more time preparing and massaging my toes for their new color than the actual coloring.  They actually CARED about each toe's conditions before they began the job.  And NO~ it's not cuz my toes were extraordinarily nastier than normal.  Bad, but not thaaat bad.  (I say this cuz my sister who gets pedicures probably more often than she farts even agreed - their prep work rocks!)  You will not be disappointed by their service and thoroughness.  And the ladies here actually talk TO you, not ABOUT you.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2007,9/26/2007,56,451,8,9,9>Considering we spent the majority of our Saturday here sitting on the patio after the Nike Run Hit Remix... I guess we liked it!   But I am friends with lushes that like to drink for 12 hours....so you do the math.  College football Saturdays on the patio with your friends makes lunch and all those schooners of beer go down very easily.  Blue Moon is the best!  When you order the Lindemann's Framboise, they have the larger bottles there so you can split it w/ a pal. I like their food...burgers...wings... haven't had anything bad here for bar food, and the fries are pretty addicting. They definitely try to accommodate everyone's teams on the TV, just ask.  And surprisingly enough - even though there are just two bathrooms, there is typically not a wait for the women's (knock on wood) and the guys are always waiting! Love that! It def gets loud here....so if you have arrived here later at night or joining up with a group that has been here for awhile, you're going to have to catch up!  Or just go next door to Shannon's to grab a shot and come back to Riley's.  Oh the joys of living in the Shore!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2007,9/14/2007,140,157,4,10,8>Odalay! I've been coming here since I was a little chiquita (when they were in Bellflower).I always get the same things:Caldo de Pollo soup: Like Jewish chicken noodle soup with avocado. Minus the noodles or a Jewish grandmother.Whatever The Dish Is Called That Ends in "A la Diablo": Grilled shrimp, delicious carne asada, sauteed spinach. I mean, what's not to LOVE?
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2007,9/13/2007,4939,820,6,9,10>No froyo (come on, I know you remember the word "froyo" from the last time frozen yogurt was fashionable in 1993) place will every steal my heart from Golden Spoon.  However, I will start cheating on them every once in a while with illicit visits to Plato Parfait.  The prices are right up there with Pinkberry, and they also have green tea flavor and uber hip decor.  However, they also have peach champagne and dark chocolate flavors.  Get this...you get free waffle cone chips too!  The ones I had were very fresh and added that needed dose of fat to my froyo.Thumbs Up:-Peach Champagne froyo with fresh strawberries = heaven.-Free waffle chips.-Large serving size.  I had a medium and it was huge.-Very clean.Thumbs Down:-With the trendiness of frozen yogurt on the rise...the prices are honestly too high for what it is.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,9/12/2007,402,575,20,11,9>Costco.... so Ive come here in the past to get ONE simple item...... ya right.After picking up some tools I'll never use, an overabundance of corn dogs, some fruit juices and meat to feed a football team, not to say killing the tuna population with their gorging tuna fillets, I ended up here buying a 20000 roll trash bags that can clean up Los Angeles. Oh how I hate you and your marketing ploy of "just buy one item...."I came here a while back to buy some liquor for my housewarming party and was planning on 2 cases of beer....$800 later of Grey goose, Tangeray, patron, primo liquor......I should just rate you 1 star for putting me through all of this but since you re Costco, I cant leave without giving you 5 stars..... DAMN YOU!!!!!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,9/11/2007,319,565,25,10,10>The Top 10 Things I Learned During My First Visit to the OC Fair:10 You can deep fry anything, including Coke and people will stand in line for it.9 BBQ Brisket sandwiches: save room in your tummy for 2 of them by not eating half the bread.8 Don't waste precious space in your tummy by buying a $3 bottle of water.7 Eat your deep fried treats AFTER riding the zipper.6 Chocolate covered strawberries, $15 A funnel cake topped with strawberries and whipped cream can feed a hungry group of 6 women in about 5 minutes.4  Pregnant pigs don't like to be photographed3 If you insist on drinking something, at least make sure its fresh squeezed lemonade.2 Keep your group together, if all else fails meet back at the barn to regroup.1 Alka Seltzer is your friend.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,9/10/2007,212,269,15,13,13>Every time I would see this business name pop up as a "New Review Near Me" I would get so excited.  Anyone who doesn't think that "Pizza and Chicken Love Letter" is the absolute best restaurant name ever must not have a poetic bone in his or her body.Then I would see that it was in Garden Grove, and get so sad.  When would I ever get out to Garden Grove???  Considering that I don't especially like fried chicken (and the pictures of the pizza look wholly unappealing), I just didn't envision taking a special trip.But then, an opportunity presented itself!  A friend needed to be driven to Anaheim.  So we made a pilgrimage to Pizza & Chicken Love Letter.My friend, fella & I ordered two kinds of chicken:  the regular, and the sweet & mild.  The regular was intergalactic (I am using that to mean "out of this world"--live with it)--despite my lack of affection for Fried Chicken, I imagined Korean Fried Chicken sweeping the nation... The sweet & mild was too sweet for my tastes, and presented a logistical challenge.  How does one eat a sticky piece of chicken on the bone with only chopsticks?  I couldn't master it.  It made me feel insecure.  I wanted some Koreans to sit near us so I could spy on how they did it, but the restaurant was empty, save a gaggle of teenage girls drinking Pepsi.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2007,9/9/2007,81,98,8,4,10>My friend: Hey, check out the baby seahorses, they're really small.Me: Ya, they're tiny.Random little girl: Mamaaa, look at the seahorses, they're tinnnyyyyyy.(imagine a Spanish accent).Moment of silence as child's mother ignores her.Little girl turns around only to see that her entire family is posing for a family picture, minus her. Random Little girl, puts hands on her hips: Excuse me....aren't you forgetttting someboddeeeey?!My journey through Long Beach Aquarium was quite perilous. Grubby fingers snatched at me trying to drag me down. I resisted! I persisted! I elbowed small munchkin type people in elbows, noses, foreheads. I fought my way to the glass to press MY nose up to it and peer into seemingly endless containers of really awesome underwater creature type things. I guarded MY territory at the shark and ray touch pool by stomping on feet and using my child rearing hips to fling unsuspecting children into bushes. Lorikeets attempted to dive bomb my head, seeing my sneaky and conniving ways, but I used my awesome bird whispering skills and soon they were eating out of my hand, begging for forgiveness...and more sugar water.In the end I was victorious. I was awed by jelly fish, scared by sharks, given chilly toes by sea turtles, shudders by sea dragons, and turned on by clown fish (something about those stripes!). Not the biggest aquarium ever, but as they say, it's not the size, it's the motion of the ocean. And these mini tank oceans had a lotta cool motion.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2007,9/8/2007,223,474,12,16,16>George Bush is correct-- the U.S. doesn't use torture to interrogate terror suspects-- they use massage therapists. Let me step back a bit before I go into detail on the torture... I mean massage I received at Remembering Paradise. For our 2 yr anniversary, my boyfriend surprised me with a 75 minute massage here. We arrived at Paradise, which is within The Center for Mind, Body & Soul. Inside the Center, it is very calm with a waterfall right inside the entrance. The massage therapist, Bel, was very friendly and told me everything she was going to do beforehand-- hot stone, lomi lomi, and a deep tissue massage. I told her about an old sports injury right underneath my shoulder blade from rowing, so she said she would concentrate on that area for the deep tissue. Little did I know that "deep tissue" translates to "tolerate as much pain as you can until you pass out."She started off with a head, neck, and shoulders massage and it felt so good but it hurt so bad. Bel starts off really hard to see what your pain threshold is like, and then throttles down if needed. Well, I needed it taken down a notch after it felt like my head was going to be ripped off. She then proceeded to my arms and legs, and it felt much better and more relaxing. The hot stones were different, but it helped to mix the massage up. She would roll the stones around my back, and then place them at certain spots on my back. After the hot stones, Bel worked on my bad shoulder, and she worked on it HARD. I swear, I saw stars. Once she was done, my shoulder felt amazingly better. Sore, but better. I felt like I had been beaten up but healed at the same time. Remembering Paradise, I will always remember the pummelling you gave to me in a good way. Thank you!!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2007,9/7/2007,221,281,2,10,9>mmmmmm....meat. Meat, meat everywhere. Including our really cute waiter Spiro. Ok. I'll stop. Agora was my second Churrascaria experience, with my first being Greenfield in Long Beach. Greenfield, in my opinion was horrible and when I walked into Agora last night, I was relieved to see that I wouldn't have to re-live that less than adequate experience.The salad bar at Agora includes many, many options including soups and potatoes (actual hot sides, that the other place didn't so much have), and lots of great cold antipasti - I know that's not really the right term for it, but that's what I'm calling it. So there.Our server, Spiro, besides being absolutely adorable, was great. He made sure my beer glass was always full and that our meal flowed smoothly. The wandering Gauchos were also fantastic and seemed to be very well trained.The quality of the meat was just where I expected it to be too. Everything was tender and cooked just right. I especially loved the bacon wrapped chicken. Now that I've done the not-so-high-end Churasscuria and the fancy-shmancy version, I don't see myself really seeking out this type of eating, but I did enjoy it last night.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,9/6/2007,91,309,6,6,8>Four stars for the bunnies! This campus is yet another wonderful part of Long Beach. I like the monthly flea market/antiques show they host in the parking lot, the fireworks for Fourth of July, and the practical classes they offer at night. I've only taken two (Jewelry/Metalsmithing and Spanish,) but they've been so great that I intend to take more. LBCC offers the usual UC transferrable subjects, of course, but they also have personal enrichment and vocation options. The people in these classes are diverse, from all walks of life, so you never feel out of place. The buildings are old in a good way: lots of Spanish charm.Plus, I've got friends who teach there. So for me, LBCC is a little bit of everything: a local employer, provider of education, community center, and purveyor of bunny-loving grass!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,3/13/2007,9/5/2007,469,413,5,9,11>I read raving recommendations, so I decided to visit. I agree! This is a solid (around 2 1/2 stars) very decent restaurant. Very popular- hands down. Compared to most other sushi restaurants in Long Beach area, this is a significant step up.If I had to stay in Long Beach for my sushi, I would probably choose Koi. Well, I personally don't have to stay in Long Beach for my sushi, so I tend to frequent some restaurants in Torrance / Gardena instead.UPDATE 04/11/07:I revised my review today- the previous version was a bit rough, since I had several small things that kind of upset me last time I visited.About a week ago, the owner / manager of Koi (who is apparently also a member of Yelp) wrote me a note. He was polite... Uhm, maybe a bit stern... I am sure he must have been quite upset at my snippy review, but well he tried hard not to reveal his negativity. Also he did not ask me to remove my review... He did not threaten me (and believe me, some business owners sent death threats to Yelpers- it's a well known fact).Instead, the owner seemed to respect my opinion, even if it wasn't favorable to his business. In addition, the manager said that I will remain welcome to visit his restaurant. I don't know- now that he and the chefs know about my Yelp review, I will probably be scared to visit again. hehe :)Anyway, I came to the conclusion it's fair to 'tone down' my criticism. I zapped most of the grumpy tantrums. I am not a mean person. My review achieved its purpose- Koi management got Yelp feedback that will probably / hopefully help them to improve certain details. That's all I wanted anyway.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,11/30/2014,640,221,46,49,45>**Donut Fan** Short Review!!Yes I AM a fan! Not gonna write much here since there's over a thousand reviews, what can I say differently? I didn't mean to come here, just to get my hair cut next door at Exquisite Hair Studio which I wrote a review for, LOVED my highlights! So anyway, as I pulled up in the parking lot OMG my eyes opened up WIDE and I yelled DONUTS! I wish I came earlier so I can scope out the place FIRST but it's okay. I can wait patiently in my chair as my hair is being worked on, torturing myself, while I think of the donut store next door. Finally my hair was done and I zoomed next door and didn't see much donuts, where is the donuts? I walked closer to the counter and WOWSERS. It's all behind the counter and there are TONS of donuts! The blueberry donut is the most famous and popular but I'm not a blueberry fan so I did not choose it.The carrot cake donut was really good. The frosting is a bit sweet but good.The Devils Cake donut is GOOD for all you chocolate lovers. I love the marshmallows on top!I guess I came on a good day? It was a week day at 1pm so there was no one there. I can imagine weekends being crowded though. Worth checking out. I would definitely come back here for more donuts! I think they have cronuts here as well.They also sell muffins and bagels and they can make you the most bomb breakfast sandwiches, no joke. I'm trying to be health conscious but I would love to have a bacon and eggs on a bagel oh so YUM!  Thanks for reading!*Kenzie*
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,11/29/2014,1612,481,28,31,31>I am particularly in awe of this place especially as someone who has owned a food business. HOW DO THEY DO SO MANY THINGS SO WELL ? The bran muffins. Out of this world. The Morning Glory muffins AMAZING! The cheese burgers can absolutely hold their own on a part of the map that specialized in cheese burgers. Also the Philly Cheese Steak I had last week was a home run. Mind you I've been to Philly 40+ times just for the cheese steaks.  The best Philly Cheese Steak sandwich I have had on this coast (barring Philly's Best) Mind you I REALLY was not expecting it to be THAT GOOD! It always feels a little too crowded but thats because its really popular. The place is comfy and I do like the set up and the artwork on the menu listing. I heard their cro-nuts are amazing but I have never tried one. They've actually been written about in Orange Coast magazine. Finally its an absolute bargain. That Bran muffin was worth way more than $2.50. A total steal and they keep their prices REASONABLE across the board! They take a little long as stuff is made to order but in this case TOTALLY worth it.I'm on a health kick now and that really sucks because I work right next to this place. Seriously don't let the strip mall veneer fool you this place is a TOTAL GEM!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/28/2014,480,320,23,27,27>Whether your kids are young or old, First Cut is a great salon for children of any age to get a haircut! My son used to hate getting his haircut. Then we started coming here! Lulu is wonderful. She is patient and kind. She is really great with squirmy kids that just can't sit still. Finally, my son doesn't mind getting his haircut anymore. This place is really cute. There are these little planes for the youngest kids to sit and relax in while getting a haircut. There are also televisions throughout the salon so kids can watch their favorite Disney or Nickelodeon programming while getting a trim.They also sell lots of great shampoos and conditioners for babies here. They have a good selection of natural products. These products are nice for children that are more sensitive.  I wish I knew about these great items when my son was really little.   For a great haircut at a reasonable price, First Cut is a wonderful place for a child's haircut! The hairdressers are so nice here! Note: This salon is now at a new location! Please check for the new address (down the street) before heading for your appointment!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,11/27/2014,576,235,18,17,17>Cafeteria-style dining is rapidly on the rise and Tender Greens is leading the charge!---The Food---Before you order, you get to select one protein, one side, and the way you'd like to eat it (sandwich, hot plate, or salad)--all for a fee of $11.50.  I chose the CHIPOTLE BBQ CHICKEN and BUTTER LETTUCE on a HOT PLATE...reason being, I wanted the gold mashed potatoes that came with it.  Delicious! The chicken was riddled with both white and dark meat and brushed generously with chipotle bbq seasoning/sauce.  It was juicy, flavorful, and coupled well with the potatoes, lettuce, and garlic bread.  I also ate the SALT & PEPPER CHICKEN and MARINATED STEAK in a sandwich.  Both delightfully tasty and distinctive in their own way--love that ciabatta bread! The marinated steak could've been a little more juicy though.As enamoring as cafeteria style cuisine has become, I find one bad thing about it.  It's a tease!!!! After you've made your decision on what to eat, you walk along to see all the delicious sides on display! Then you start to regret what you had ordered.  This is what happened to me and the pig that I am, went back in line and ordered a side of roasted veggies and corned cob for about $5 each.  WORTH IT.-----Conclusion:  Perhaps it's their food philosophy of serving fresh, healthy, chef-inspired dishes or their earthy, clean projection that makes them so appealing.  One thing's for sure, their terrific, affordable items make me come back for more.  I'm looking at you fried chicken...you're next! Extra Notes:-Accepts credit card-Portions could be better-Grilled veggies can be substituted for salad-Chicken comes with skin, but can be removed upon request-Their produce is organic and reflective on the season-They serve beer here too! Awesome.-Friendly, suggestive, patient service-Patio available-Kid & pet friendly-Clean restrooms
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/26/2014,311,194,20,32,20>Yes, Crystal Cove State Beach is beautiful. It's one of my favorites in Southern California, whether you want to hike by the ocean, spend the day at the beach, or just get a cocktail at The Beachcomber (better get two so they'll validate your parking). Actually, I want to concentrate on the section of the park that doesn't get nearly as much Yelp love: the northern part. It probably looks scary to those of you who have perused the map because the trails to get to the top are marked Strenuous. They are, but I've never hiked all the way up there from the parking lots near PCH. If you're looking for a "moderate" or "difficult" hike with awesome canyon, ocean, and mountain views and if you'd like to avoid paying for parking, read on!What you want to do is set your GPS for Coastal Peak Park. Google describes it as having "sports fields & sweeping views", but it's most useful to me as being a landmark that's right near the Ridge Park entrance to Crystal Cove State Park, as shown here:crystalcovestatepark.com…You'll want to park on E. Coastal Peak or Ridge Park Rd. Don't worry: it's legal and free. Walk to the end of Ridge Park Rd. and you'll see a sign for Laguna Coast Wilderness Park. I don't recommend planning to explore this particular park from this entrance unless you're an incredible hiker. Grab a free map and start exploring the trails. You'll soon come across a number of signs for the State Park (as opposed to Laguna Coast, which is an Orange County park).I think it's cool to check out the campgrounds in this area of the State Park. They're definitely for backpackers only. The only amenities are pit toilets and picnic benches (so, no running water). Fires are restricted to backpack stoves. I've never seen anyone actually camping there. I wouldn't think that reservations or registration would be needed, but you might want to check first.There's a beautiful ocean view from (I think) the Ticketron trail, right past the Deer Canyon Campground. If you're really in shape, keep on hiking as far down as you like (and now you can classify this as Strenuous). If you want to go down as far as the beach, reward yourself at The Beachcomber, but remember that your car will be a five mile hike back with a 1848 foot elevation gain.Be careful of the mountain bikers! They often ride faster than their 10 mph speed limit allows, and some aren't very good at sharing the trails. From the looks of things, horseback riding is allowed, but I haven't seen that here.Wear sunscreen! Bring water! Most of all, have fun, and take advantage of all that this state park has to offer.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/25/2014,786,184,22,27,26>After more than a month of curiosity, Creamistry finally opened. I had read a few things about this Nitrogen ice cream so I was interested in giving it a try. I think what actually sold me were the flavors they offer and seeing some of the gas pouring out of the mixers. My largest concern was the value, was the larger than regular price tag worth the schtick?I decided to go with the cookies and cream and the wife went with the black sesame. Something to think about, as a result of them mixing the ice cream right there, anything that would normally get soggy is actually crispy and fresh. This is a refreshing change in texture and flavor and is most certainly noticeable. The cookies and cream were delightfully crisp and the "cream" still had a sweet flavor with the sugary texture. Highly recommended. For something different, you can try the black sesame which is again, rich in flavor and is goes very well with the creamy base. It's hard to compare this to anything since I have never really had anything like it in the past.Now for the side I was concerned about, each ice cream was a hefty $6 a piece without toppings. If you want the toppings, add another $1. No sir. While the treat was unique and different, the price tag is a bit high. In my opinion, at the very least a single topping should be included. It's new and clean with tons of staff training so go a touch easy on them. They are frequently getting the order mixed up, forgetting to print tickets, etc... Overall, in my opinion worthwhile to give it a try for the creaminess and the unique flavors but after the exploration is over likely a very seldom visit.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,11/24/2014,81,112,18,24,26>This Make A Wish Foundation location is pure, unmitigated and effulgent AWESOMENESS.   This charity holds a very special place in my heart because they had a memorable impact on my sister's life.Back in 1994, my baby sister, age 17 at the time, was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.  She fought this aggressive cancer for 3 years and eventually lost her battle against this dreaded disease.I want to give major mad props to the Make A Wish Foundation for helping make one of my late sister's dreams come true when she was still with us.One of my sister's dreams was to travel to Paris, France before she passed away, so my sister was referred to this foundation by someone and they granted her her wish.  Seeing how happy it made her and to see her smile again, despite the rigors of her treatment, was truly priceless.They sent her and my mother to Paris; and it's a trip my mother will never, ever forget.  Our entire family was grateful.So you can see why I have a very soft spot for this charity.  I donate as much as I can and as often as I can.  The people here are friendly, knowledgeable, and you can tell they are doing this for all the right reasons, mainly to help other people.This is a great organization and they do wonderful work.  If you go to Wish.org and read some the children's stories and wishes there, it will touch your heart.  This is one charity that I will be donating to for the rest of my life.I tend to have a cynical view of the world, but my faith in humanity is restored every time I come here or attend one of their charity events because I get to see that there still are decent and giving people out there.Peace.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,11/23/2014,362,414,18,19,21>Howdy partner!When my friend mentioned taking me to a Western-themed, saloon-like steakhouse, I thought it was a joke. When I realized it was for real, I fully expected to see cowboys, boots, swinging doors, and straw hats. And I did. But that was mostly next door at the saloon. (Go after dinner!) The steakhouse portion though, was a lot classier than I imagined. It was Western themed, but with a rustic upscale Western feel. No dancin' cowboys here.My friend and I decided to try the Colorado grass-fed lamb chops and the New York steak, with lobster mac n cheese and creamed spinach.We were first started off with complimentary bread wheel (looked like a flower) of an assortment of breads: walnut cranberry, jalapeño corn bread, multigrain, brioche, Portuguese, and one more I can't remember. Unique and tasty. Then our food came, and everything was really tasty! New York steak was tender and cooked perfectly, and it came with  potatoes, pancetta, and blue cheese - delicious.   The lamb chops were great too - flavorful and tender as well. Our side of creamed spinach came in a cute baby cast iron - topped with a layer of bubbling cheese - a little too cheesy for me but still good. The lobster mac and cheese was slightly disappointing - was lacking in lobster and flavor. For dessert, we shared the Milky Way with a Twist - Valrhona chocolate, malted nougat, salted caramel ice cream. We liked everything on the plate - it was essentially the adult indulgent version of a Milky Way! Service was professional yet personable - our server was well-informed, courteous, and friendly!Definitely recommend the Ranch Restaurant for a nice steakhouse in Orange County! Can't wait to go back and try the tasting menu!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,11/22/2014,871,494,20,23,21>I've been here a few times and have had mixed success.  I have always sat at the bar and, regardless of the time, the bartender has been helpful and attentive. Kudos to that. The hoppy hour menu is excellent and a good deal.  If you can make it during that time, you can get some good grub for reasonable.  Their beer and whiskey selection is excellent, as well, though not all is on the hoppy hour menu.  Just pay attention to what you order and you'll be ok.The first time I went, I missed hoppy hour (by that much *fingers held together*).  We got the Anthem Pear Cider and an Old Rasputin stout on nitrogen.  Also ordered the Osso Buco Riblets (no parsley due to allergy),  but had to cancel because they put parsely on.  Was a good thing, though, because the burger and tacos we ordered were more than enough.  The order was the "seasonal Pacific Fish Tacos.  Lightly blackened".  This came with 3 tacos and handcut fries.  And the "Original Eureka burger medium rare w fries".  Both were excellent.  Minor fiasco averted.Next visit was during Hoppy Hour.  Finally got the Oso Buco Riblets.  So good.  Salads and beer rounded out my "meal".  Was a post workout reward and, hopefully I didn't counter all my hard work.They have a regular tap list of about 20, and an additional list of rotating taps.  Your selection may vary and its good to look at the board or ask the bartender.  Tastes are encouraged.  Must have what you like, right?A good choice in the area.  My recommendation is to sit at the bar to get the best attention.  However, that is just what I do whenever I go to a gastropub...
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/21/2014,386,142,23,28,27>If you like California Shabu Shabu, then make your way here. If you don't like California Shabu Shabu then seriously, make your way over here. It's the same owner, different chef, similar concepts, but one is shabu shabu, the other is Chinese hotpot. What's the differences? I don't know everything... I hate shabu shabu because it's flavorless, too much work with mixing soy sauce and adding this and that into the broth.  It's confusing as heck!  I really don't like to think or use my head when I'm eating.  Shabu was on boarder line of being blacklisted of places to go eat...but here comes Rolling Boil, rolled into my life and turned it upside down, inside out. It changed my life! I love it! This place is so legit! - Choose from brown or white rice. - Get the szechuan spicy broth!-There are 3 sauces to choose from, you can only pick 2. $1 extra if you want all 3.  My fave is the citrus (grapefruit) and toasted sesame (creamy and nutty). I really like the sauces and thinks that's the reason why the food taste so good!- If you sit at the table with a party of 4, it only fits 2 bowls of broth. You'd have to share, which I dislike. - Wish the veggie plate was bigger- Please give more udon noodles!- My favorite restaurant at Anaheim Packing District- I've taken 5 people here and they all liked it!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/25/2013,283,393,15,23,22>The Good:  Deep dish pizza in the OC.  Costa Mesa is the mecca of pizza in the OC so another great addition to the list, Rance's Chicago Pizza.  They make pan and stuffed, I got the pan but will get the stuffed next time.  There are only a few other places that I know of that sell deep dish, BJ's and Uno's both good.  The pizza here has a really buttery crisp crust, a ton of cheese, and weighs like 20lbs, for a large pizza(or at least feels like it).  I got Rance's favorite and it had meatballs, bacon and jalapenos.  Great toppings and each slice was a full meal.The Bad:  The price, a large was like $30, but if you think about it it's just a few more bucks than other gourmet pizza joints around here.  I thought with such a thick crust and a mountain of cheese that it was a bit dry.  I think the stuff pizza is a bit more saucy so that might be more towards my liking.The Ben:  Great place!  Go check it out, grab a pie and have a beer.  I think I saw at least 10 beers on tap and they have plenty of tvs to watch your favorite sport.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/24/2013,293,295,12,16,16>Just started taking the Upholstery class at night at the Cuesta location. The teacher is very knowledgeable and makes sure that safety comes first! I brought in my vintage dining chairs as projects to work on. Every student should bring their basic tools like screw drivers and tape measurer, etc, but they have a "shop card" where you buy (for cheap!)  from the class: foam, padding, cotton, piping cord, button backs, etc. The Upholstery Center building also has air staple guns, heavy duty sewing machines, storage area, and other tools to share.The other students were middle aged men and women that have repeated the class for years to use the center for shop equipment and of course, guidance from Victor the instructor. I love this class!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/23/2013,879,602,31,36,32>I love Bobby Flay and his throwdowns.  When I found out that people were talking crazy...saying there was a better blueberry doughnut than the infamous M&M...I HAD to get both and do a taste comparison.ARE YOU READY FOR A THROWDOWN???!10 co-workers in a blind comparison with some eating Mel's first and some having M&M's first...Mel's killed it.  Only 1 person picked M&M's; she doesn't like her blueberry donuts very blueberry-y!  The rest picked Mel's because the blueberry taste is more intense, the glaze is less over powering, the doughnut is more of a true cake donut and it isn't as greasy.  The price is the same at both locations; 75 cents a pc or $8.50 a dozen.  M&Ms has a drive-thru and are open at night for the Disney-ites...which is probably how they won best donut in the OC before.  Mel's is a MUST if you're going to choose between the two and they're open.  If you absolutely need to get doughnuts and Mel's isn't...the regular ones at M&Ms are good.** Food for thought randomness: When is it a doughnut and when is it a donut? **
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,1/22/2013,592,331,15,17,16>One reason why it's so awesome to crave Vietnamese food in my home area is that there's a great abundance of restaurants around Garden Grove where you can get some. Why it's not awesome is because my mom can make much better. However, I can't always access that resource SO when it comes to a craving for com tam, I try to find good places. This one came highly recommended on Yelp so it was worth a shot.The complimentary fare came out quite quickly with the standard selection of Vietnamese greens for the vegetables. There were also plentiful small bowls of the fish sauce with shredded carrots. We also got a small bowl of warm broth which was just okay.My dish was the BÁNH HOI THIT NUONG, CHA GIÒ (vermicelli noodle, BBQ pork, and egg roll). The com tam was going to be ordered already so why not try something different? I really enjoyed everything on top but when it came down to it, the bánh hoi was definitely old. I mean, it was dry and tough in some areas meaning it had been out a while and most definitely not fresh. All the other stuff was great including the BBQ pork but no amount of drowning the bánh hoi in fish sauce would make it soft enough for my liking.Duke D. got the Combo 2 TÀU HU KY, TÔM, THIT NUONG, BÌ CHA (rice with fried shrimp cake, shrimp, pork, shredded pork skin, egg cake). I'll give my rating of this place a slight boost for this because it was definitely done well. Unfortunately, I found the egg cake to be quite tasteless and too cold. The fried shrimp cake had a nice touch to it in bean curd. They do their BBQ pork well here with its slight sauce, flavorful char, and thin texture. The rice was also great and overall, the entree is a dish done well. It all hit the spot so I'll come back. It was inexpensive and the guy even gave us some free tea on our way out!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,1/21/2013,476,180,17,26,19>Every time I see a Yelper claim they had a 'painless' experience getting hair ripped off their body, I call BS. Especially when talking about the VAG! It is never painless. It can be much less painful, but not painless. It isn't painless, but European Wax Center gives me the least painful waxing experience I've ever had.... this is why I love it!I'm a whiny little brat when it comes to waxing. I mean, I've certainly heard about people who reacted worse than I have. I have never screamed. I have never had to stop the person from ripping out my precious hairs. I just lay there and grunt, really. I've had terrible experiences in the past. From people who have left burns on my skin, to people who have left wax on my skin and let me be sticky all day, to people who have been content to pluck all my hair out with tweezers... I've experienced my fair share of SUCK. EWC saved me from all the horror. I believe my professional waxing lady is Laura. She's awesome. Friendly, professional and awesome at her job. EWC offers a different kind of waxing experience... no strips. They smooth the wax onto your skin in a long strip... allow it to firm up and attach to your hair... then rip those suckers out! It is seriously the least painful experience I've ever had. They say it gets better as you consistently wax... I'm finding this to be true! EWC has awesome deals, too. They offer a free wax for first time clients. The free wax applies to smaller waxing services like eyebrows, but you can upgrade your free wax to say... a brazilian wax for only $21. Once you're in love with the place after your awesome first time deal, they have great packages. They offer special packages for students (Buy 3, get 1 free). They have numerous buy _ get _ free deals. If you're looking for a new waxing home, I'd recommend EWC in Irvine!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,1/19/2013,733,1325,21,34,30>Sidney S. invited some friends to dinner and we went.  Bistrot Massilia is located in Yorba Linda.  I never would have thought that this place existed.  The decor is rich and inviting.  There is live music on Friday and Saturday evenings.  I ordered:  French onion soup:  Beautifully melted gruyere cheese on top of a sweet, mellow beef and onion broth with croutons.  Delicious!  5 stars. Supreme de Poulet - chicken with cream of porcini sauce:  Airline chicken with a spinach souffle, scalloped potatoes, and sliced carrots.  Definitely tasty.  I really liked this dish. 4 starsCreme Brulee:  This was so-so for me.  The sugar crackled and the texture was there but the taste was a little off for me.  3 starsOthers ordered:Tomato Salade - marinated tomato quarters in balsamic with shallots, parsley, & goat cheese:  Fresh and delicious.  I liked it even though I had only one bite.  5 starsSmall charcuterie plate:  I didn't eat this but it looked good.  I was really happy with my choice of soup though. 3.5 starsBoeuf Bourgignon:  I've made Julia Child's recipe at home and this tastes very similar.  4 starsBread Pudding with vanilla ice cream:  It was a little dense for my taste but my dinner companions enjoyed it.  4 stars.  I really like this place and service did seem a little on the leisurely side.  Hopefully next time I won't be in such a hurry though.  Thanks again to Sidney for the invite!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,1/18/2013,587,377,26,34,32>I was quite excited about the new Gypsy den in Downtown Anaheim, so I went there as soon as I could. First of all the street where Gypsy Den is located is gorgeous! Love that part of town that has been recently renovated, and I'm really looking forward to go to their art walk on 11/11 since seems like I can't go back to the one in DTSA (long story...) This location is lovely, the setting seems lighter and more spacious than the other 2 (Costa Mesa and Santa Ana). Their patio is awesome! I can't wait for the temperatures to cool off to have breakfast/ brunch over there. I went there for late lunch after running some errands, the service was good and friendly. What did I order?- Goat melt with barley salad yelp.com/biz_photos/dp5e…- Paradise Iced teaParking and access to this location is super easy: BONUS! Other thing that seems interesting to me is that this locations has more wines and brews than the other locations... good to know :) yelp.com/biz_photos/dp5e…Cool place. I'm definitely coming back :)Recommended!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2012,1/17/2013,602,230,44,47,46>I met two other couples here and one couple was here by the time I arrived.  I think they said "HELLO!" However, I could not hear a darn thing with the TV being almost directly above us.  I mouthed hello and quickly went over to ask them to turn it down so we can converse.  We waited patiently and it was finally turned down after what seemed like a half an hour. No green sauce?  This has got to be the first time I have dined at a Peruvian restaurant that did not have the Aji green sauce on the table...  Music and no green sauce, not a great start...One couple ordered: Bistec a lo Pobre Steak topped with fried eggs and plantains, served with white rice and salad yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…The first to be brought outFries and plantains were good.  Rice was very dry and virtually inedible. Steak was tender but no seasoning.  Chaufa de Mariscos Seafood fried riceyelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…Was brought out five minutes after the Bistec a lo PobreHis Peruvian wife thought that this was authentically Peruvian ~ Yeah!The other couple ordered: Lomo Saltado Chunks of beef sauteed with onions, tomatoes and french fries served with rice. yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…It was "ok" from what I understood. Tallarin Verde con Apanado de CarneBreaded steak served on top of spaghetti in a creamy spinach and basil sauce. yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…This dish is the last to be brought out. Probably 15 minutes after the first dish was served.  Seriously?  We respectively waited for hers to be brought out and made it quite interesting....  Looked quite good though... I had the Tallarin Saltado de Mariscos yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur… Spaghetti sauteed with seafood, onions and tomatoes. I really liked mine even though it came out approximately 10 minutes after the first dish was presented.  Pasta al dente, plenty of seafood and not sure of the flavors, but I would definitely order this dish again.   4 Stars in my book. hubby had Yakiudon Nikkei yelp.com/biz_photos/5fur…Udon noodles, beef and vegetables sauteed Peruvian - Japanese style. This was a hit for hubby!  He really liked it.  I mean dish licking liked it!  Not sure of the sauce but, it was quite tasty and yes, it was finger lickin' good!  4 Stars! We asked for some Aji sauce and were given a little plastic cup of it. Seriously?  Food - 3 Stars, mine and hubby's were delish! Can't say the same for the others in our group. The Aji sauce was not good at all. Spice?  Absolutely NONE! Ambiance - 4 Stars, nice, cozy and beachy! Service - 2 Stars ~ Did the music have to be BLARING!  I seriously had to yell at hubby directly across from me!  What I really could not understand was the fact that I had to wait a half an hour for them to turn it down!  The service at the table itself was good, our waters were always filled. I will not be back.  I was hoarse when I left...What normally has me coming back to a Peruvian is the spicy Aji sauce.  Since theirs was bland and not spicy ~ FOHget it!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/16/2013,1001,659,24,30,26>Been wanting to try this place for a while since I am a fan of Park Avenue.  They're only opened for dinner and I can definitely see why, even though I'd love to have an added Italian lunch option.Went with my sis on a Thursday night and we were the only ones in there (pseudo lesbian couple! :-D).  About an hour later, a few more couples strolled in.  Total dim-lit, romantic atmosphere!  Very cute and creative considering it is an actual garage!  You have to walk through Park Avenue and their beautiful patio and garden to get there.  It all certainly does take you away from Stanton, hard to believe you're in Stanton!  The decor of PA and iG is most definitely 5 stars plus!!  Now onto the food ...~ Sliced tomato and mozzarella: good~ Brussel sprouts: best ever!!!  So good!!!~ Broccoli: very yummy!!  Love my veggies!~ Slice salami/cheese: ok~ Ravioli: just ok, was disappointed ~ Panna cotta: ok, I've had betterService was state of the art and they were so cool to let me try all the wines even though I ended up with a raspberry martini.  They had 6 wines by the glass and they just didn't do it for me.  My sis did get a glass.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/15/2013,910,414,15,23,21>My girlfriend has been dying to bring me here for the longest time. I've taken her to Twisted Noodle and she swore that Thai Corner was better. Well, after a frustrating lunch at Twisted Noodle last Thursday, and having my Thai cravings not satisfied, I decided to take a long lunch on Friday and make my way up to Thai Corner. Food here was delicious! Free Thai tea or coffee is a nice touch because let's face it, we all love getting free things. My girlfriend and I shared their pad see ew and crying tiger. Both delicious. Crying tiger was super tender and delicious. Not as spicy as I liked but delicious nonetheless. Lunch portions seemed kind of small when first brought out, but after leaving with a full belly, I thought it was perfect size. At the end of the meal, a little old lady from the kitchen made her way around the restaurant to check on everyone's meal. The nicest little lady! She was excited that it was our first time their and gave us suggestions for when we come back. She noticed that we ordered their coffee instead of tea and decided that we must try their tea because it was apparently, that damn good. She sent us on our way with a to-go cup of Thai tea. Thank you!It's service like that that makes me happy. It's totally foreign territory for an establishment like this to care so much about their patrons and she really took it up a notch. Great service and food makes me realize why they're so busy during lunch. I'll be back to try their yellow curry and pad Thai! (as suggested by the chef!)
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/14/2014,956,77,24,32,32>This is a cool place to hang-out for happy hour or for dinner.  They serve exceptional seafood, great selection of wine,  and their desserts are to die for!My friend and I came here on a Friday night and the crowd was just starting to show up a little after 6pm.  We were seated right away and our server came shortly after to take our drinks and appetizer order.  My friend and I shared the P.E.I. Mussels (yelp.com/biz_photos/juli…) for starter. It's interesting that it's listed under "Small Plates" because it was absolutely the opposite of that. It was served in a big iron-clad dish and thankfully we only ordered one to share coz it was plenty for two.  The mussels were prepared fresh and it doesn't have an awful fishy taste to it.  The sauce tasted so good--it wasn't too salty or seasoned too much. It also came with pieces of toasted bread that you can dip with the sauce. It gave a perfect balance to the seafood taste and it was absolutely delightful! For our main entree', we also shared the Roasted Thai Snapper (yelp.com/biz_photos/juli…). It was fresh, tender, and juicy--it wasn't dry at all, it was wonderful and delicious!Everything above was wonderful, but the best part of our meal and the highlight of our night was the dessert of course! My friend and I started with just one order of the Salted Caramel Pot de Crème (yelp.com/biz_photos/juli…). It was so good, we swallowed it in a heartbeat! OMG, this dessert was absolutely heavenly! It wasn't too sweet or too rich, it was luscious! It was so good, we ordered another one!  I will keep coming back to this place just to have this dessert. Gotta try it!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/13/2014,1077,711,40,43,44>Whoa, Italian ice is GOOD!!After the Super Bowl (way after 9 pm), the wifey asked me if I could go with her (she needed to drop off something). As an incentive she said we can have dessert. Of course I volunteered lmao. After our drop off, we found ourselves in Santa Ana. I looked at my yelp app and found Joe's Italian Ice. My yelp up said we were 3 miles away. Our car's navigation said 5 miles. Car was right (don't trust yelp's mileage estimate, it's always wrong). We had 15 mins before it closed, wifey said no problem. Lol. She got us there with a few minutes before 10 pm (closing time)The service was so friendly and helpful. It was raining and we were the only ones there. It was nice to know they had a Rainy Day Special, 2 for 1 offer. Score!!I got a Bada Bing Cherry and the wifey got 1/2 Mango Tango 1/2 Lemon. The Bada Bing Cherry was good as advertised. With so many of my YF recommending it, I had to try it and it was so good. The ice was so smooth, it had a good amount of Cherry pieces and the soft serve was a good compliment to the cherry flavor. My wife doesn't like Cherry and she loved it (she's getting it next time lol). Delicious, highly recommend this flavor!!I got to taste my wife's mango tango & lemon. Wow. The mango flavor was so good  and the lemon was even better (I'm getting lemon next time lol). The lemon was so refreshing!!  Delicious. I'm so glad we wentI'm so glad it rainedI'm so glad I tried the Bada Bing CherryI'm so glad I also tried the Mango Tango & LemonI'm so glad I finally got to go to Joe's Italian IceI'm a fanI'll definitely be back.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,3/12/2014,602,230,43,57,50>Spaghetti and clams, period. If a linguine with white clam sauce is on the menu, I always order it as a comparison between the different restaurants that offer it on their menu.  Their version was with spaghetti, which worked just fine.I just happened to be dining with Kelley U. Who comes from the same school of thought.  Oh happy times.  Bread was ample and brought to the table freshly baked by our server Patrick.  Olive oil was a perfect companion and used sparingly. The wait was over when my favorite dish arrived with ample clams and equally amount of garlic. It was a lovely sight.  The first bite of the spaghetti with the white sauce was heavenly with a perfect balance of garlic.  The pasta was definitely fresh and al dente.  Perfecto!  After much conversation and using the bread to soak up any remaining sauce on the plate (please forgive my table manners) we decided on the strawberry tiramisu for dessert.It was delicious without the rum, however I now know I am a traditionalist when it comes to Italian desserts.  My trip to Italy turned me into a Italian dessert snob and although it was very good, I will pass on this the next time I visit this lovely restaurant. Ambiance - 5 stars - very nicely decorated with warm woods and booths that offered some privacySpaghetti with clam sauce - 5 stars - definitely a most memorable experience with the pasta as delectable as it was.  The clams and garlic completed the ensemble to perfection!  Strawberry tiramisu - 3 stars - not to my liking, but very good. Service - 5 stars - Patrick was very attentive, water and tea glasses never ran empty.  I can only like an individual who drives home on his break to take of his doggie, a good man indeed. I will be back with hubby in tow.**** Don't forget to check in with your Yelp app as you too will be able to take advantage of the 20% dining discount they generously offer ****
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/11/2014,438,367,22,28,24>Having just recently had an average steak dinner, I felt I needed to right the ship and have a steak done right.  The Capital Grille easily washed away my prior discontent.  I've had this place bookmarked for a long time as quite a few of my favorite yelpers have given it high praise.  And yes Capital Grille is worthy.  Our meal got off to a great start with a Lobster and Crab Cake appetizer.  This is served with tartar sauce, which if I were them I would completely remove from the presentation.  There really isn't much filler to these cakes and you could see parts of the lobster claw sticking out of the cake.  It's all high end Lobster and Crab.  To put tartare sauce on them is like putting ketchup on a steak.  It was so flavorful that I decided to not even squeeze the lemon on it, as it had a nice delicate seasoning on it's own.  Why mess with a good thing.  This also came with a scoop of sweet corn relish that was very refreshing.  I love dry aged steak and it was very hard not to order their in house dry aged porterhouse.  Next time my love you and I will do the dance of destiny.  Tonight however I have a date with their signature steak - a bone in Delmonico with porcini mushroom rub and 15 year aged balsamic.  While I'm' a steak purist and don't really go for fancy presentations when it comes to meat, this one sounded just right.  Our excellent waiter said it was his favorite steak and if it's their signature steak, then who am I to turn it down.  It came out a perfect medium rare just as I ordered it.  Because this Delmonico is the bone in rib eye cut, it has a nice amount of marbling to the steak, much like a 1 bone prime rib thrown on a grill.  The extra fat allows it to get a nice crust and stay completely moist.  I tend to play stupid with this cut of beef and make sure I get some of the fat of the outer rind in each bite.  I know most people cut away the fat, but you all don't know what you are missing.  Of course my ticker might not make it until the end of this review, but somethings are worth the risk.... As for their signature way of doing this steak, I loved the crust, but I felt the balsamic was a little too sweet for my taste.  I nitpick, because it was delicious.  I pared this well with Belle Glos Pinot Noir. My wife's dish was a little more on the savory side, Sliced Filet Mignon with Cipollini Onions and Wild Mushrooms.  One of the advantages to getting a sliced filet, is that unless the chef is a moron, you will get a perfectly cooked steak.  A medium rare filet should have a warm red center, which is basically rare in the center.  This most definitely did and my wife was very happy with it.  The wild mushrooms were excellent and had very interesting shapes.  I'm guessing that the cauliflower shaped one was a Lions Mane mushroom. For side dishes we went with the Au Gratin Potatoes and Creamed Corn with Smoked Bacon.  Both were served piping hot.  The Au Gratin Potatoes never cooled down and is baked lasagna style with layers of thin slices of potatoes and cheese.  I thought it was just ok.  I think I would preferred a layer of baked cheese  on top rather than crunchy bread crumbs.  The Creamed Corn however was awesome.  The corn was cooked al dente so it had a little crunch to it.  There was plenty of bacon which really gave the dish a smokey flavor.  The cream was very rich and sweet.  I would definitely get this again.My 7 year old daughter was with us and for those of you with kids, it's good to know they have an unlisted kids menu.  Everything from a mini burger to chicken tenders to mac and cheese.  We almost ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese, but then thought - nah we'll just get the Mac and Cheese for the kiddo and sample hers.  Our waiter told us, it will be our favorite Mac and Cheese.  Holy crap he was right.  This might be my favorite Mac and Cheese.  Everyone's favorite Mac and Cheese will be different.  I've enjoyed fancy ones mixed with truffle oil and rare cheeses.  I've enjoyed cheap down home BBQ served from a shack mac and cheese with clumps of melted cheddar.  For me though this was perfection.  A blend of 5 cheeses (nothing too fancy), plenty of rich cream, nice and thick but a smooth like consistency.  Is it wrong that it was the highlight of our entire meal?  The worst part is that it was my daughters so I couldn't go to town on that thing, yet we hovered over her plate like swirling vultures.  I will most definitely get this topped with Lobster next time.  And maybe that next time will be soon as it's haunting my dreams.Even though we were incredibly full, we still managed a coconut cream pie to share.  It was just ok, although our waiter bragged about it.  I'm not much of a dessert person anyway.  Now Lobster Mac and Cheese for dessert? That would have been the way to go.  Excellent meal and I can't wait to return.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,3/10/2014,707,836,19,25,24>Had brunch/lunch with a friend here recently and I had a great experience. Located at The Camp, Old Vine Cafe is just as cute and charming as all the other shops here. There isn't much seating and the space is very small, so it gets really busy and crowded at lunch hour. I went just after 12:30pm on a Friday and though busy, it was just starting to die down. My friend had a stroller and they put us in the corner to accommodate the stroller. Very much appreciated for a place that doesn't have much space to begin with. I tried the 3-course menu and chose the following:Caprese of Mozzarella Buratta Porcini Mushroom Mac & CheeseGrandma's CheesecakeEach one of these entrees was excellent and very fresh. I love burratta and with the flash fried arugula and the olive oil it was the perfect light starter. The mac & cheese was decadent but so delicious. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente. Sometimes it's hard to eat a whole bowl of mac & cheese but adding the hot sauce made it taste even better. I really really liked the cheesecake. It's actually not stacked sky high so even after the two filling courses one person can still manage to finish the cheesecake without too much struggle. One of the better cheesecakes I've had. Very very good. I'd order all three again in a heartbeat. The only thing I found so-so was the english muffin and the pistachio nut butter. English muffin was less like an English muffin and more like a biscuit. I love English muffins but I'm not a huge fan of biscuits so maybe this is just a personal preference.Service was great all around. Very attentive and courteous. I want to give a specific shout out to Jennifer. She was so sweet and had such a great attitude. Loved her :)
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/9/2014,461,192,18,24,22>I have been on a very serious search to find the BEST sushi spots in Orange County and this place definitely fits the bill and may in fact be the best of the best. I finally made it to this place and so glad I did. It's kind of an unassuming place and sort of tough to find just off Imperial Hwy, in the back corner of the shopping center, but isn't that where you find ALL the best sushi spots ;) However, that hole in the wall feeling ends the minute you walk in the door. The place is designed beautifully in a very clean modern motif, with very clean white, wood and metal aspects. The hanging festival lights are a nice touch too. The quality of the fish and the level of expertise at Sushi Noguchi cannot be beat! Hiro doesn't speak much English, but Jun does a good job handling the explanations and communication-assist and to be honest... this sushi doesn't need any explanation. The service is very good, you almost feel like you are at a formal restaurant in Japan, it's very peaceful and everyone is trying to please you, a refreshing feeling from most places these days!Hiro's Omakase was really amazing! I was wanting to go back the very next day. Some of the standouts from the Omokase that were the garlic abalone, monkfish liver, cornetfish, gizzard shad and the BEST darn Spanish Mackerel  I have ever had! Beverages... They seem to have a great selection of sake and they even serve pitchers of Kirin! I thought that was pretty cool!They even have special event dinners, I just got a promo email about one for a jizake tasting dinner. Apparently, jizake is craft sake from Japan! I love craft beer, so why not craft sake? Looking forward to learning something from the Sake Specialist! Sushi Noguchi is definitely in the Top 3, probably Top 2 Sushi Restaurants in OC! and  maybe even further. I wish I could afford to eat Hiro's Omakase every week!MY GO-TO: Oh no you don't, This is HIRO'S GO-TO, he's got me!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/8/2014,723,412,21,31,31>Two things to get when you're here: Banh Mi and Spaghetti Basil. This is not your typical Vietnamese joint to get Pho so don't come expecting to get one here. They seem to specialize in party trays because as soon as I walked in, I couldn't help but notice their huge catering menu on the wall. Something to think about when attending potlucks or throwing a party at home. I had the PORK BANH MI which was recommended by the server. I'm glad I took her advise because I realized I finally don't need to go out of my way to get me a banh mi sandwich when I have the craving. Granted it's a bit pricier for $4.95 compared to what you can get from Little Saigon or Lee's sandwiches; BUT, the fact that I don't have to drive far should compensate for the cost of gas to go to those places. The SPAGHETTI BASIL ($8) was a pleasant surprise. I wasn't sure what to expect but when I checked the highlight on Yelp for this place, this was one of them. Odd to find this at a Vietnamese place so I had to try it. Imagine bolognese pasta but on a much sweeter note with lots of ground beef, onions, and basil. Very tasty! The plate was filled to the brim so it was inevitable to have leftovers. Share if you can. Two things I wasn't a fan of was their egg rolls and combo egg noodle soup. I thought I've had much better rolls while the egg noodle soup lacked in flavor. Skip these if you will. Food and service was rather quick. I didn't quite get the set up though. At first I thought it was pay as you order but the lady said she'll come to our table. A few patrons came by and mostly did to-go which seems to be the norm here since the place isn't really big. Otherwise, a reasonable place to get Vietnamese cuisine in Irvine.Would I come back? Yes. I want to try their wide array of smoothie selections as well as their pan fried noodle which looked like a bird's nest. We saw two tables order this while we were there and it looked really appetizing. 'Til next time.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,3/7/2014,816,484,38,48,45>You can never get enough Ramen and this is coming from someone that just returned from Japan and ate a lot of it.  Well in the OC Costa Mesa seems to be the ramen hood.  Well everyone we got a new one and I really like it.  It doesn't have the big following as the other places but hopefully it will get going.Came here to meet fellow ramenaholic CS for lunch.  This place is no frills and definitely reminds me of the ramen joints in Japan.  Their menu consists of Ramen, Gyoza and some rice bowl dishes.  Their ramen is simple with traditional toppings of Chashu, menma, kikurage and green onions.  They do offer other items as extra toppings.  Tonkotsu ramen ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/ken-… Great tasting broth.  I would say the depth of flavor hits the upper middle section of the flavor chart.  Deeper than light but not as strong as the kotteri that a lot of places tend to serve.  The noodles here are the straight Bo style noodles and they give you a lot!!!  I got my ramen with extra topping of nitamago and bean sprouts.  This bowl of ramen was gigantic and very filling.Gyoza ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/ken-… Fried up perfectly and good flavor.  Perfect combo to enjoy lunch.Eyes ~ Reminds me of chowing in Japan!Nose ~ Smells like ramen.Ear ~ Quiet as this place was not packed!Mouth ~ Tasty!Tummy ~ Filled with noodles
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/6/2014,333,199,27,30,27>This review is almost entirely based on the glory and wonderment of the torta cubana. If you love delicious stacks of tasty meat and cheese layers on a sandwich with hearty bread... You're gonna need to get over to El Gallo Giro to your jones (even if you're unaware that you're jonesing) for this delectable sandwich. For some, it may be anathema to order a sandwich at a Mexican place that serves up perfectly good tacos and the like. Set aside your habits and preconceived notions related to Mexican grub and order the torta cubana!I did have to chance to taste a couple of Brittany's tacos. The asada seemed a little tough, but the lengua was tender and delicious. The addition of their house red hot sauce was perfect. It's not very spicy, but the smokiness it a perfect complement.As I type this I wonder why I'm not, at this very moment, waiting in line to order some delicious sandwichery! Later... I'll see ya down there.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,3/5/2014,552,135,26,41,34>I've passed by Usmania a countless amount of times and I finally decided to try it today. Best decision ever! It was actually my first time ever trying Indian food so I'm happy I chose a good restaurant to try it at.My bf and I got a little excited and ordered with our eyes; we got the beef samosas ($5), chicken tikka masala ($10), tandoori chicken ($7), an order of rice ($3) and an order of the garlic naan bread (2).  We also tried the mango lassi ($2.50). I was scared it'd be waaay too much but it wasn't that much actually. We had enough leftovers for one serving of lunch tomorrow. The total came out to be $31 which wasn't bad at all considering all the food we got.My first impression of the restaurant was that it's in a really random location and there wasn't that much parking. The inside was very quiet, there was only one other couple there. The owner, I'm assuming, was really nice and our server was also nice. Our food came out really quickly and perfectly timed. As soon as we ordered, he went back to the kitchen and came back with our drinks. The mango lassi was pretty good, it tastes like vietnamese yogurt "da ua" but with a mango flavor instead. The beef samosas came out piping hot with their yummy sauce. Not sure exactly what it was but it tasted like a cilantro lime sauce. The beef inside was really flavorful and the outside was crunchy. Definitely recommend!The chicken tikka masala was the star of tonight's dinner. The sauce was creamy and rich, but the chicken itself wasn't all that. I ate a piece that had cartilage or something in it. I felt like there could've been a little more chicken in the dish for its' price. As for the tandoori chicken, it was also good but I probably wouldn't get it again. The spice marinade on it was flavorful but it's basically just like grilled chicken. Tastes good with the lime sauce. Definite plus that it came on a sizzling platter with tons of onions though!The rice was just regular basmati rice (I'm assuming?), nothing really special but was good as a side with the chicken. The garlic naan was soo good! The outside was a little crisp and the inside was warm, soft and chewy. The garlic on top was a LITTLE bit too strong for me which is weird because I love garlic.. but yeah. :P Still loved it.Definitely coming back next time to take advantage of their lunch specials!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2008,2/7/2009,481,580,8,11,11>Of course for my 100th review I am proud to write about a place that I have frequented for years...  From its expansion, to its name changes, and everything else in between that I have witnessed, this joint has consistently provided great food and decent prices with friendly service for years and years!I have ordered just about everything here, and have never been disappointed.  Their chicken pho (which is currently 50% off) is tasty, their broken rice platter is amazing (and a TON of food for less than $6), and their fried chicken wings are perfectly seasoned.  Whenever my family has a big party to host or attend, their egg rolls are always big hits and everyone always wants to know where they came from (and a gigantic tray of 100 is only $40).Yesterday, though, I tried their bbq pork banh mi for the first time...  A word of caution, however:  their bbq pork is CRACK.  Thinly sliced, truly grilled, and perfectly marinated -- not too sweet, not too salty -- they are extremely proud of this dish of theirs, and with great reason.  And their Vietnamese sandwiches did not disappoint -- bread is way crunchy on the outside, pickled veggies are tasty (although their jalapeno peppers are WAAAY spicy) and the banh mi itself is CHOCK FULL of that bbq pork goodness...  for $2.50.  I'll never go back to Lee's unless I have to ;)Although the shopping center is a bit shady, Oriental (now Kim Hoang or something similar) is indeed its shining star.  The ladies running the place are kind and sweet -- makes me feel almost at home (if I were Vietnamese instead of Filipino, but you get the idea).  Don't be afraid to ask about anything or even for a recommendation -- this place is totally worth it!  Bring your cash (that's all they take) and an empty stomach :)
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,2/6/2009,206,233,5,7,10>I would go back to Nick's in a second. The enclosed and heated patio looks warm and inviting from the outside, and the lighting in this restaurant is just perfect. Notice the details - there are some really nice fixtures in here. The pinspot lights above our patio table had quite an interesting design which reminded me of those safety pin bracelets you sometimes see.We were not going to be deterred by the hostesses announcement of an hour long wait. The place smelled too good. So we put in our names and roamed around PCH for about 20 minutes. Then we got the call on our cell phone - the table was ready!Sitting down to look at the menu, the hubby and I were silent. Everything sounded really good. A few items which sounded bizarre upon first glance (Fried Deviled Eggs?) were intriguing the further you read the description. I expected, due to Nick's location on that trendy part of PCH, that the prices would be outrageous. But $9.00 for a burger and $5.00 for beer is no great shakes in Orange County-land. So, we were encouraged.The wine list is good - it included an affordably priced malbec, and many other yummy sounding options from $7 a glass. There were also $80 bottles, in which I'm sure the couple sitting next to us indulged. However, in the end, the $5 price on Nick's own Honey Blonde was the Only Answer (to quote singer songwriter Mike Doughty).The beer arrived at our table chilled to the point where there was a small melty ice cap where the head would normally be. I love no liquids more than ice cold beer and blazing hot coffee, so I dove in without hesitation. It was very, very good. If the food hadn't been so darn good, I probably would have ordered more than one glass. But we were soon very full!To start, we ordered the parmesan crusted asparagus fries with ranch dipping sauce. Crispy, flavorful and not greasy at an affordable $6 and served neatly in folded paper.For our entrees, we shared the Grilled Ribeye Salad ($14) which we ordered medium rare. The salad was basically an entire ribeye steak cut into thick juicy strips and placed atop a bed of field greens, cherry tomatoes and arugula. All of this was hiding a warm potato salad. The salad would have been perfection except for a slightly overpoured mustard bacon vinaigrette which left the salad greens a bit too limp for our taste.The next entree we shared was Nick's Halibut Fish and Chips in their Honey Blonde batter with house made rustic potato chips and an asian slaw. This was by. far. the. best. fish. and. chips. EVER. No grease, perfect fish, light batter, not pillowy, but not overfried and crispy either. Just right. Our server was obviously very good at what he does. He was eager enough to border just slightly on annoying, and yet we still thought he was just perfect. He was witty and engaging and quick. He only lingered at the table next to us because they were encouraging him, and he mostly left us alone because he could tell that's what we wanted. Honestly, the best service I've had in Laguna Beach ever.They do serve Hot Fudge Sundae here, but I suggest a short walk over to Gelato Paradiso instead. A perfect way to end a great meal.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,2/5/2009,171,253,8,10,13>I F***ing LOVE this place. It's like the Mexican taco place, I've been waiting my whole life for. Zoolander and I had been hearing about it and wanting to try it for some time so one day when Zoo was going to Home Depot, he stopped by and got some tacos to go and brought them home to me and Tbone. Oh my they were awesome. Had the Cabeza first and it was sweet with a tomato based flavor which was different, but good. Then had the carnitas taco, oh my it was amazing! I love carnitas and the carnitas in this taco were perfect. Not too salty and not too greasy. Tbone loved this taco too. Then had a carne asada taco, yum yum. Al pastor, yum. I swear you can't go wrong with any of them. Zoo and I loved it so much we've gone back about 3 more times in the past 2 weeks. On a different visit decided to try a carnitas burrito, just to mix it up. It was damn good too. It had rice, beans, and meat. Lovely and filling. I ate about half of it and was full so you know it was big. I'm so happy that this place is nearby and open 24 hrs. I heart tacos and now I feel like I finally found my Taco Heaven.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,2/4/2009,783,765,7,10,11>Being a graphic design major - I have been frequenting this store for close to 10 years now.  Nothing has changed over that time.They still offer fantastic prices.They still have enthusiastic employees that are extremely knowledgable.They still have a wonderful selection of mounting boards, portfolios, paints, books, brushes and specialty papers.The parking lot is still really confusing.  WTF is going on in there?  It's very strange...Pearl used to rival this store - often they would have more boards and screenprinting supplies... but guess what?  Pearl's outta business... so it looks like ASW all the way (unless you drive to sterling art in irvine.)
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,2/3/2009,371,117,7,13,12>Again, this place has exceeded my expectations.  As I've mentioned before, I've always been a fan of the lunches there and finally had the opportunity to try a dinner.  I had three coworkers come with me and we all tried the parings menu.  The food was beautiful in both presentation and taste.  My father always told me that there was a difference between eating and dining, and this was definitely dining.  You won't be overwhelmed with food here, they definitely portion out JUST enough for your palate to experience all of the chef's intended flavors and nothing more.  On my part, the only downside to an exquisite meal is the bloated feeling afterwards- and that was not a casualty of this experience. The wines were excellent, and very generous; a MUST try but definitely allow for some recovery time afterwards.  I think we planned on staying for about an hour or so and ended up being there just enjoying the atmosphere and food for almost three.  Definitely one of the best spots in OC.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,2/1/2009,384,243,10,14,15>Came here on Monday during Newport Beaches Restaurant Week $35 dinner special.  We had a table for 12... (make sure the whole party is on time, because they won't seat you until the whole party is present).It's an old school restaurant thats dark and somewhat cozy.  They even had a fireplace which gave it some added flavor to the decor.  We were seated in a round table, and the seating was a little tight but very manageable. Service was excellent.  It was very quiet in there and I think our loud group may have even scared a couple that was being seated next to us away to the other side of the restaurant.  The regular crowd did seem to be a bit older/ refined if you will, but since it was restaurant week they had a group like us (younger folks LOL...yes i like to be considered on the younger side) and there was another table like ours as well.First dish I had was the Lobster Bisque:  It was pretty good, a bit salty.  I would recommend that you have it with bread.  (The bread that they provide is very good as well).Then came my Prime Rib.  I'm not a prime rib fan, but since that is what they specialize in, that is what I ordered.   Mine came without the bone, while some at our table, it came with the bone.  I think the ones without the bone are easier to eat and there is probably more meat on it.  I'd like to say that my cut was the best out of everyones at the table.  The Prime Rib was pretty good.  It came with a side and of course I got the cream corn (good choice if you ask me)For dessert I had my mind on the creme brulee but they only had 2 left for the night and there were a few others who seemed to want it more than I did, so I let them order it.  I opted for Strawberry English Trifle....I finished it all...yup it was pretty good too!Only 3 of us were drinking so we ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir....and that turned out to be a good choice.  (it was $35 bottle).to see their menu for newport restaurant week: $35 Prix Fixe, 3-course MenuChoice of one from each courseFIRST COURSEFrench Onion SoupHearts of RomainePride of the Crowns SaladENTRÉEAged, Slow-Roasted, Standing Rib Roast of BeefPotato Crusted SalmonShelton Farms Free Range ChickenRoasted Maple Leaf Farms DucklingDESSERTStrawberry English TrifleLemon TartChocolate Truffle TartCrème Brûlée with Fresh RaspberriesMENTION REST. WEEK AT RESERVATION.VIP points will be applied. Offer cannot be combined with any other specials, discounts or VIP certificates.btw:  There are two restaurant weeks in orange county (cuz we're special).  1. is the Newport beach Restaurant week.  newportbeachdining.com/r…  2. is the Orange County Restaurant week.  (which is in Feb)  orangecountyrestaurantwe…
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,1/31/2009,442,290,16,13,12>So there she was, standing in line in front of me, wearing what appeared to be a nightgown and house slippers. She had two rug rats in tow and a third one about to pop out any minute now. The only thing that would have completed her look would have been large pink rollers in her bleached-out hair. Turning to me, she drawled, "I am SO thrilled! I moved out here from Texas about a year ago and have been craving Dickey's the whole time! I'm SO glad they opened one up here in Irvine!" Being the snarky prick that I am, I thought to myself, "Did they have to bring the Texans with them too? Wasn't the BBQ enough?" But, of course, I just gave her a clenched grin and held my tongue (as well as my breath) until she had ordered and moved on.I do have to give them some credit though. When it comes to BBQ, don't mess with Texas. The beef brisket was moist and tender with a good beef flavor. And the pulled pork was just fantastic, probably the best I have ever had. Succulent and delicious, this little piggy just melts in your mouth.One of the things I like about the BBQ here is that they leave the saucing up to you, so you can have as much or as little as you want. They offer a choice of mild or hot. Even though I love spicy foods, I thought the mild sauce -- with just a dash of the hot -- offered the perfect balance of sweetness, sourness, and spiciness.The side dishes, however, were less than impressive. The cole slaw was good, but the baked beans were no better than the talking-dog canned stuff. The potato salad was too sweet for me, due to the addition of relish, and the mac and cheese was very blah -- just pasta shells with some melted Velveeta mixed in. But the meat more than made up for the mediocre sides. At the sauce station, you can also help yourself to the huge jar of whole pickles, which are great as a topping to the BBQ or on their own. You can also help yourself to soft serve ice cream, although the machine was broken on the day I visited. Both are FREE OF CHARGE! On my way out, I passed by the woman and her kids. This time I gave her a genuine smile and said, "Welcome to California!" Since I have a feeling I'm going to be running into her at Dickey's quite regularly, I figure I might as well be a good neighbor.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,1/30/2009,566,426,8,11,11>Man, how can a place be so consistently FANTASTIC? I don't know. Maybe I should ask the people at Cortina's.I'd been craving Mojo Potatoes, which led to a craving for pizza, which led me to a craving for... CORTINA'S of course!  I can't ever think "pizza" without immediately adding "Cortina's." The two words belong together.I was driving around with my dad when I suddenly announced, "I'll take you to eat the BEST PIZZA in the WORLD!" and drove into Cortina's. It was 3pm on a weekday, and it was crowded. What does that say to you?"Why's the lot so cramped?" Dad complained."Shhh, Dad," I hushed. "Don't disrespect the holy shrine of all pizzas."One medium Cortina's Special Pizza and two Cokes later, I was $20 poorer and 50x hungrier than before I entered the place (couldn't stop eating!!!).Let's just say, after just two bites, my dad became the newest worshiper at the Cortina's Shrine of Pizza.We even fought over who'd get to take home the leftovers.  Dad won, simply because I live just across the street and I can pick some up whenever I want.Then I headed over to the deli side and surprised my dad with 10 cookies from the bakery.  10 cookies for $10?!  Are you outta yo' mind?No, not really. The cookies are so yummy, it's always worth it to buy a batch.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,1/29/2009,154,299,15,14,15>Hole-in-the-wall bars a mystery to me. I mean, I know they exist and all, but they're sort of like a unicorn. Or maybe a kumquat. You've heard about them, and maybe seen a picture or two of them,  but never experienced them directly.One night of bar hopping not TOO long ago, and sobriety being a near recent memory, my friends and I made our way into this place. Kick ass. It's a mans bar. They can do the foo foo drinks, but this is a place who's image exudes that sort of macho machismo, and where the bartenders look that they'll go as sweet in terms of a drink as a whiskey sour for your girlfriend.The problem with the place, which is actually one of it's greatest benefits, is that it's small. However the ambiance of the place, plus it's location near EVERYTHING in Laguna is what makes it ganz toll.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,1/28/2009,559,755,21,27,32>After volunteering on Sunday at A Snails Pace's Nike "Virtual" Women's Half Marathon on Sunday, my friend and I walked over to Lulu's for some breakfast.  This place does some business on Sundays, and it seemed like most of the people were regulars.  It was so busy in there!My friend started off with a hot chocolate with real whipped cream, and then ordered the Huevos Rancheros.  Normally this comes with eggs over medium, but she opted for scrambled instead.  It also came with potatoes, which I tasted.  They were delicious.  She enjoyed her meal very much.I had the Pain Perdue, which is French toast made from sliced baguette.  I would have never thought to make French toast from this type of bread at home, but it was surprisingly very good!  The baguette didn't absorb too much syrup the way softer bread does, so my breakfast didn't seem overly sweet.  I also had a passion-fruit iced tea, which was good, but there wasn't enough ice in it, and I wasn't offered a refill.Next time we want to some back to try the dessert crepes.  Might be a good treat after an evening run with A Snails Pace Running Club!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,3/4/2010,380,334,11,20,13>Remodeled, new and improved.  It is so much more open, a great place to hang out. It is more of a lounge than a shop however, they still sell wine. They have collaborated with the other restaurants around them so you can have snacks and a glass of wine while hanging with your friends. There wine selection is not as big as before however, very similar in style. You can purchase wine by the glass, bottle or flights. When you purchase any bottle and drink it there they have a $10 corkage fee. I think it is great they are back in business. We need more wine lounges/shops in the OC. Cheers and happy drinking! :)
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,3/3/2010,167,296,16,18,17>OK, it's taken me way too long to write about this place.  At first I was reluctant, only because I wanted to keep this little secret all to myself, however seeing how the reviews are starting to come in, I might as well share the wealth.Tacos Jr has THE BEST carne asada tacos.  I haven't had anything like it.  Instead of using flank steak or other cut, they grill thin strips of beef (similar to brisket).  The slight fattiness imparts a juicy flavor and simply melts in your mouth.  I have tried to ask several of my Mexican friends to find out what cut or region it is, but no one seems to know.  Rest assure that it is 100% beef and you can definitely taste the quality.I have also tried their burritos, tortas, and asada nachos.  The burritos are filled with your basic beans and cheese, but you can request whatever else you like.  Normally, I'm not a big fan of tortas because I often find the bread too dry or chewy, but not here.  They use a thinner slice and toast it so it has a nice crustiness.  I tried the carnitas torta which came with a layer of ham and cheese that took it to the next level.  The asada nachos were ridiculous!  They couldn't even close the lid and it was less than $6.  As others have mentioned, everything is made to order so you can be sure that your meat is fresh and has not been sitting out for hours.  Nothing ruins a good taco craving like dry, lukewarm, chewy meat.  Oh, and I can't forget their salsa bar.  The sauces (mild, green, and hot) are definitely homemade as I've found whole cloves of garlic that probably missed the blender.  Although the consistency can vary, thinner or thicker based on who makes it, the taste is always amazing.  I love the green (verde) sauce.  It compliments everything and has the right level of heat.  Additional condiments they have available for your enjoyment are radishes, limes, and carrot-jalapeno veggies. The place is clean and service is friendly.  At times they give you chips and other times not, but usually if I just ask they have no problem giving me a handful.  They also play Christian music in the background.  Hopefully, that doesn't bother you.  Actually, I think it works, as a nice soundtrack to accompany their food because it is heavenly~!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,3/2/2010,1223,848,4,12,7>My dog, Hannah, is 19 years old.  She hasn't seen a dog park in years.  That's because she is blind....and deaf....and just a little too old to get around much any more.When we got Sparky, two weeks ago, we realized she needed a place to play.  I honestly didn't even know this place existed.  I have heard about the dog beach for years but not this dog park.  It is pretty well hidden.  We had to ask a cop where it was when we arrived at the public library.  He didn't even know.  We were finally directed her by a group of boys.We finally found it, off Edwards, near Alice's Restaurant and the lake.Not the best dog park I have been to but it had all of the necessities....benches, shade, water, separate large and small dog areas, good working gates with double doorways, etc..  It's kind of run down but funding is by donation only.The people were pretty cool.  I wish they would pick up after their dogs instead of being so inattentive.  But for the large part, we had a good time.  Sparky played well with the other hounds and we greatly enjoyed our stay.Open your hearts and your wallets to help this place out.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,3/1/2010,1010,796,7,13,13>This place is bad as$. I recommend that you go with either the Delta or Echo mission. The Bravo mission is the cheapest but it's only a 40 minute flight and you can't do much in 40 minutes. For convenience, book your flight online. You're given a military aviation flight suit to be worn throughout the flight. You'll sit through a briefing which lasts roughly about 20 minutes. It's a lot to take in but you'll get the chance to practice and play around for the first few minutes in the simulator.I think they have about 7 F16 cockpits so a lot of people can fly and dogfight at the same time. The simulators are all stationary and you won't be able to feel the G-forces but they do have wind (or was it the AC?) and audio to get you in the mode of things. For those that don't participate in air combat, like me, there is an observation area where you can see all the action happen on 8 different screens. They have plenty of seating i.e. couches, office chairs. Depending on which mission you choose, you will be dogfighting the whole time as someone in the control room will assist you throughout the flight. Since we got the Delta mission, my friend got to experience the day airport landing, night airport landing, and the aircraft carrier trap. Very very cool.As you can tell, I sat through the briefing so I know me some lingo. All the guys on staff were super friendly and polite. I think this place is no doubt a great idea for a date. My friend had so much fun and already wants to come back! If not for a date then just come with a bunch of friends and have fun.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,2/27/2010,402,355,12,18,12>Hello heaven! This is seriously what I imagine heaven to be. They have almost anything you could possibly think of for a restaurant, or even your own home kitchen.I came in to do some Christmas shopping. My best friend loves to cook but doesn't own any proper knives, so I decided to treat him with something good. This is selfish of me as well because 1. I never let him use my knives and 2. I get to eat the yummy food he'll make now.I bought an 8" chef knife, a paring knife, spatula, and a knife roll for him. I also picked up a 1" scoop for myself. I know the quality of all these items from past work in professional kitchens. It's just great because you don't need a business license or membership card to shop here, unlike other kitchen supply stores. And the prices are fair, definitely better than department stores.The staff is really nice and knowledgeable. They'll make helpful suggestions, look up products to be ordered if needed, and even walk you to an item if you can't find it.Definitely wish I would have started here before making two failed trips to other stores looking for what I wanted.And let me just say, if I could live in the pastry section for the rest of my life I would. Just surround me in pastry books and decorating tips and silicon baking pans all day long. Everything this little baker could imagine they have, and more. If only I was a rich bitch...
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,2/26/2010,1018,364,26,26,26>I think I've found my favorite brunch spot in town... and for once, the champagne bottles don't say "Of Beers" on them.But really... whenever someone says "brunch"... champagne bubbles immediately fill my head... (as some of you know) I can't think of a better way to spend a mid-Sunday morning slash early afternoon than dining with good friends or family, exchanging quips and laughter over endless bottles of fizzies...*hic!*The Back Bay Bistro delivers. Not only are endless mimosas or champagne included with breakfast - breakfast consists of a BUFFET ! ! ! ! !"Mooooooooo"-ve along, lil darlin'! It's time to "steeeer" on down the line! I'm getting' my omelet on! And my bacon. And my sausage. Home fries? Why, yes, thank you. Belgian waffles. And my croissant. And my cheese plate. Fruit plate. Shit, I forgot some salad. Shrimp cocktail. Pasta. Sliced turkey? Filet? WHAT!?THERE'S A CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN??!?!  And I can dip strawberries, pineapple, melon, Oreos, or MARSHMALLOWS in it?! Would anyone look at me funny if I snuck a piece of bacon under that delicious fountain of diabetic coma? Erm... I'm just sayin'... I love the build your own omelet station. My favorite? Sun-dried tomatoes, fresh spinach, capers, and a pinch of Parmesan.  MY favorite. Get your own! With over a dozen and a half ingredients you should have no problem concocting something special all. for. you. *heart*Go wild. Knock yourself out. At under $30 a person, Sunday brunch with friends should happen at least once a month. Give my regards to the trumpet player... he plays a pretty decent Brubeck tune.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,2/25/2010,363,326,15,13,14>Call me crazy but I think Thai Nakorn called up Pho 79, and got their Interior Designer to decorate this restaurant.  Except, I think Thai Nakorn got the "upgraded" package.  Interior design (or lack thereof) aside, Thai Nakorn is a staple of Orange County, and is essentially the default place to go to when there's a craving for Thai food.  Each dish averaged about $9, with the dessert/thai coffee/thai ice tea at $2.50 each.We ordered:Catfish Mango Salad.  5*****Tom Yum Gai with coconut milk 4****----This is a bit different than what I'm used to because it wasn't spicy like I'm used to.  Still it was a really flavorful soup  and the BF pretty much filled himself up with this soup.Pad See Yew 2**---Way too greasy for my liking.  The bf liked it, but I couldn't get more than 3 bites in.BBQ Beef 3***----This actually had the flavor like it was cooked over the kitchen stove, and not so much "bbq".  It had a distinct smoke flavor, but it wasn't the bbq beef you taste when you think of it.  It was paired with a fish sauce touched with lime and chilis.  Personally, I liked the dish because it felt like it was made at home, lack of sophistication, yet homey flavor.Taro & Mung Bean coconut milk 4****You really have to have an appreciation for Taro, Mung Bean, & Coconut milk to enjoy this.  Mung Bean has always been my favorite component for dessert, so I was thrilled when I saw this through their glass display (it's not on the menu).  It's a sticky texture, subtly sweet as expected with any coconut milk dessert, and actually has a subtle hint of a coffee flavor (not sure if that was intentional) but it was yum!Altogether, I think that the mango salad and catfish alone is enough to make me return.  Btw, don't expect actual chunks of mango, or even the taste of it.  Whatever shavings the catfish rested on, it was perfect for summer.   The dessert is also worth mentioning.  Steer clear from the Pad See Yew and Thai Coffee (it's more subtle than I'm used to)
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,2/24/2010,302,356,11,15,15>After hearing a lot about their concept and tasting their burger at the OC Fair Elite event, I had this place on my go to list. I found a restaurant.com certificate too, which helped push me to make the trek out. I actually had a really good experience, solid 4 for me! Food roundup:Vampire dip: This is pure unadulterated cheese with garlicky flavor and some artichoke here and there. Delish and rich, you get a ton of bread and FRESHLY fried pita chips with this one.Sweet potato fries: Nice helping of crispy fries with pumpkin dipping sauce, yummy! You've got crunchy, salty, slighty sweet fries with a creamy sweet aoli.The 50/50 burger: Their signature 1/2 ground beef and 1/2 ground bacon thick patty topped with egg, pepper jack cheese, and chipotle mayo. This was yummy, thick patty with a crispy crust, loved the fact it had a crispy crust. Because it has pork, they have to cook it well done, but it was pretty moist to me!Lowdown: In a random strip mall in Anaheim hills, they've got a decent looking bar for hanging out in. Appetizers are great and a good bang for the buck. Service really efficient and friendly, they cut up our burger and served it on 2 plates when we mentioned we were sharing. Great crusty burger, too bad it's so far. Better than The Counter in my opinion!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,2/23/2010,507,564,11,17,15>I'm spoiled when it comes to great pastries and cakes.  I have tried a lot of high quality superior desserts so this review might be biased.  Ehhh, nonetheless it's just my opinion~  Very professionally made pastries and bread presented in a tray where customers can use a tong to pick and choose to their likings...5 starsAwesome display case filled with nicely decorated cake slices and whole cakes with all different flavors....5 starsFast customer service...5 starsVERY hot coffee freshly brewed using quality beans....5 starsAnd then I sat down to taste my Truffle Cake....2 stars**Very detail oriented highly skilled cake decor and presentation BUT the taste and texture was BLAAAAH~  Hard cake base+ cheap chocolate buttercream+zero flavor=Bad cakeWould I go back?  Probably after dinner because they are opened till 10pm and they have good coffee.  Oh and did I mention good coffee?
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,2/22/2010,342,350,15,16,15>This is the kinda classy joint where I like to represent on my berfday. Gonna party like it's my berfday...sip Bacardi...good ol' fifty. I'll have you know me and Curtis James Jackson the third have much in common. Like for instance both of us are Cancers, we both began dealing crack at the age of twelve and left it to pursue our rap careers (he is obviously a tad more successful than me, but I ain't hatin', no I ain't) and we both would have voted for Bush had our felony convictions not prevented us from voting. But I digress on to the Oystas'.  How do you make Oysters Rockefeller better? With bacon that's how. If you are new to oysters I recommend trying this version somehow the hot ingredients of parmesan cheese, spinach aioli and bacon make it seem less threatening and the oyster itself more enjoyable.     Next time I come here I want to try their Tobiko Style Oysters that are topped with wasabi infused caviar. I think the wasabi would give the oysters a little one two.   The Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with goat cheese and coated in soy-port glaze then roasted were like rich cheesy candy. They were sweet and salty which is my second favorite combination after spicy and spicier. I sampled my buddies Pomegranate Pout (?) martini and it really does make you pout, sourface! It also reminded me that I don't like martinis; nothing against Oyster's just a personal preference. I'm a cheap vodka beer drinking floozy.I did have a glass of the happy hour white wine only because it was $5 and I don't know wine like "Bo Knows" but I thought it was good. But like I said me not know. For desert I had the chocolate soufflé with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream topped with a happy pink candle. I swear the chocolate soufflé tasted just like the ones Trader Joes sells and that's not a bad thing. I be lovin' those! yelp.com/biz_photos/t2VC…Just to reiterate what everyone has already said about the happy hour here it is in fact awesome. It's a great way to come and try out the flavors of the restaurant without having to fork out $35 a plate on the unknown. The service here was perfect and our waitress was just the sweetest thing.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,8/14/2009,231,963,7,10,10>Mmm Mmm Mmm! I was craving Mexican food today while BF were out and about. He suggested we try something new in DT Fullerton. He brought me here.We walked in and I LOVED the decor. Nice and dark with pretty lighting and artwork. The music was a mix of classic rock, which is always good. The bar is huge and well kept.We were seated in a big comfy booth, and our waiter immediately came over to inform us we could order breakfast, lunch, or dinner. And, champagne and mimosas were on the house. Sweet!Chips and salsa were brought to our table right away, and they were refilled quickly. The chips were fresh and the salsa was awesome. I ordered a Mandarin-tini, cause you can never start drinking too early! BF went with the free mimosa. The martini was delish, as was the mimosa, but how can you go wrong with a mimosa?For lunch I stuck with the basics, a carne asada taco and a chicken enchilada with red sauce. BF had an omelet with veggies and chorizo.He really liked his omelet, although he said it could have used more cheese. I liked my enchilada, but I LOVED the carne asada taco. Their carne was awesome!After lunch we ordered a chocolate enchilada, which is a crepe filled with caramelized bananas, chocolate, and served with vanilla ice cream. Yummmmmmy!The bill? $44. A bit steep for lunch, but then again we did get dessert, and I drank. So...not too bad. I will definitely be back!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/13/2009,98,135,13,13,12>Ken J. is back in the house.  First new review since 4/18.  Sorry for the long hiatus!For my first post-PhD review, I will write about my experience at Thai Nakorn, a strip mall Thai restaurant that has racked up the accolades on Yelp and on Zagat.My fellow foodie and friend Pris M. and I decided to try this restaurant per my recommendation on Yelp.  Now that I have an iPhone with my cool Yelp app installed, I can find whatever restaurant I want wherever I'm at, which is awesome.  I rarely feel like having Thai food, but tonight I wanted to try something new.  I used my Yelp app to find a decent Thai restaurant in the OC and came across this place.  Again, the Yelpers have proved right -- this restaurant is a solid four stars in my book.We ordered the following dishes:1.  Tom Yum Kung soup (bowl)2.  Mango Salad with Catfish3.  Penang Beef Curry4.  Spring RollsThe flavors here are more authentic than your typical Thai joint.  The Tom Yum Kung was quite flavorful, and had a hint of sweetness unlike your typical Tom Yum Kung which tends to be overpoweringly sour.  My favorite entree was the Penang Beef Curry, which had tender chunks of melt-in-your mouth beef mixed with red curry.  It almost tasted like galbi-jjim -- kinda sweet, very flavorful.  The spring rolls were not too bad, but nothing spectacular.  The mango salad had a unique and refreshing taste with flakes of catfish.The decor was typical Stanton strip mall fare -- view of the parking lot and the traffic on Beach Blvd.  Service was friendly but relaxed -- even though we came in late, they did not seem to be in a rush to kick us out, which is always appreciated.  And the tab was reasonable for all that we ordered, and the portions were on the generous side.In sum, although Thai Nakorn is not the best Thai I've ever had (that honor goes to (Lotus of Siam in Vegas) , this is a solid Thai restaurant in OC.  Four stars.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,8/12/2009,971,1413,8,15,16>How often do you come across a Sri Lankan restaurant?  They're probably few and far between here in the states!  Boy am I lucky to live in California, land of culinary cuisines from around the world.  Of course I jumped at the opportunity to dine at this Sri Lankan restaurant since I love trying new ethnic foods.Wadiya offers both Indian and Sri Lankan food.  We walked on into Wadiya and was greeted by a waitress dressed in traditional East Asian attire.  We were seated at one of their booths and glanced at the menu - it's separated into "Wadiya Specialties" and "Sri Lankan Favorites".  I love Indian food, but my sole purpose of the day was to get some Sri Lankan food into my belly.Devilled Chicken ($9) - this pan-fried chicken and vegetables dish comes on a hot, sizzling platter with a side of long-grained rice.  The spices were sooo good.  It had a good amount of heat balanced with a slight sweetness.  Like another reviewer mentioned, the spices fall in the range of Thai's sweetness and Indian's boldness.Chicken Curry ($8.99) - most their curries here are Sri Lankan based.  From what I could tell, Sri Lankan curries are less heavy and not as creamy as Indian curries.  The flavor is reminiscent of Indian food, but with less distinct/powerful spices.  The chicken was tender and comes with the bone on it.  The portion of the curry was somewhat small (they give you about 6 chunks of chicken), but all their curries come with your choice of various homemade carbs (roti, naan, Sri Lankan noodles, dosa, fried rice, hopper, etc).Now I had no idea what hopper, dosa and such were so I asked the waitress what seemed like a billion questions.  She was patient and able to answer everything with ease.  I finally decided on trying the Godhamba Roti - they give you 2 plain ones and 1 egg roti.  This is panfried, giving it a soft but crispy texture - it reminded me of this Chinese flat pancake bread.  For drinks, I decided to try a Sri Lankan specialty - I got the Nelli ($2.99), which is a green looking sweet drink made out of an exotic green fruit.  The drink was really sweet... a little too sweet for my liking, but it was still pretty good.Our meal came out to be about $23 for two people, and this included two drinks!  Not bad at all for the amount of food you get.  I'm so glad I got to finally try Sri Lankan food, another ethnic cuisine crossed off my list!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,8/11/2009,167,162,4,10,9>as the long time regular of old vine cafe sitting next to me at dinner last night said, "mark pairs wines that alone, might not stand out, but with food, are phenomenal. the tasting menu allows you to discover all kinds of flavors and try new delicious creations you probably wouldn't know of otherwise." i couldn't agree more. old vine lies in the back of the camp in a very discreet location. underneath it's casual "cafe" facade is a five star fine dining experience. one small room packed to the brim with tables close together and windows wide open at 8:30 on a friday night. the atmosphere is one word...exciting. diners are carrying on loud conversations with one and other, drinking wine, eating, and talking with the owners. you get the feeling that these people have been here more than once, and for a reason. old vine cafe is unique in that the food and service could not get any better, but the atmosphere is completely non-pretentious. our server mario was friendly, helpful, and full of information. his descriptions of the wine and how they paired with the food were 100% on point. and he made sure to answer any of our questions with his full attention. there was no rush to order or eat, and each course was brought out in a perfect amount of time, just enough to enjoy what you had previously tasted and finish off your glass of wine. i chose the vegetarian tasting menu as i do not eat much meat. this was one of the original reasons i decided to dine here. it can accommodate my culinary desires, as well as anyone else. and at $65 for four courses and four ample glasses of wine, it was above and beyond my expectations. the courses were as followed:1. spinach salad with  fresh goat cheese, pine nuts, fresh fruit, and a honey balsamic vinaigrette - just the right amount of tart and sweet. the cheese and dressing worked great together.  2. mozzarella buratta with crusted eggplant, grape tomatoes, and pesto - the cheese was out of this world. made fresh by a local italian family. the eggplant was cooked perfectly and the pesto was a great accompaniment.3. house made polenta with tomato cream sauce garnished with aged pecorino romano cheese - the polenta had a delicious pan fried crust and the mouth watering cream sauce had just a hint of spice that complimented the dish wonderfully. 4. mini pecan pie tartlets with vanilla butterscotch sauce and whipped cream - an explosion of flavor in my mouth. just the right amount for desert. rubbed in the sea salt on the place, a perfect savory and sweet ending. 2 and 1/2 hours pass by. it's 11pm.  dinner is beginning to wind down. but everyone is still in their seats. cold from the outside starts to nip at the diners, conversations meld between tables, and last bits of wine are swallowed. time moves slowly at old vine cafe. eating here is an experience, an exciting trip into the world of food, a wonderful culinary awakening.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,8/10/2009,2141,534,13,20,16>I have witnessed this place transform from an empty building parking lot to the beautiful restaurant property it is now. I pass by Main and Jamboree a lot and I always wondered what they were building. When I started seeing that it was a new restaurant I put a mental note to check it out when it opens. My first visit was for a business lunch today. Here's what went through my head this afternoon...Valet is complimentary but self parking is also available in the back. The two front doors in front of the valet is misleading. You think that's where you go to access the restaurant but it's not. the entrance doors are actually to the side. I think they need to put some signs directing people where to do. Good thing the valet people let us know. Walked through the side and was greeted by floor to ceiling wall fountain. I love those things. The ones where water just runs down the panel... Very relaxing. The reception desk is in front and you actually have to go upstairs for the restaurant and lounge. Our host was nice and when we climbed up we were seated immediately. The restaurant is beautiful and very open. The design is simple and not overdone. The bar looked nicely stocked and the lounge area was inviting. Looks like I have to come again for happy hour, if they have one. ;POur waitress was extremely attentive and friendly. The food was fresh and healthy. I had the California Panini. The ciobatta bread was crisp and the avocados were really good. Dessert was their seasonal fruit tart with goat milk ice cream. It was a peach tart that was not too sweet and was a nice way to end lunch. Our waitress said something about their water being triple distilled or something fancy I forget. Supposedly other people sell if but they "give out for free!" Haha nice. Tasted like Voss water, crisp and clean. Overall I had a good first experience. The initial impression of a place usually makes it or breaks it for me. This place makes it. Looking forward to trying out their dinner menu and lounge. =)
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,8/9/2009,99,628,7,12,10>This place is OUTSTANDING!! With a big, capital O! Yep, I'm giving it the big O.Why aren't all restaurants like this?!?The minute I walked in the door, I was greeted by the hostess offering me hot bread before any words were even exchanged. Then another host or manager walked up and they both said "Hello" and asked me how I was doing. After our small talk they told me there was just a short wait and we could wait at the small bar area or on the couches near the fireplace or out front. We decided to wait out front since it was perfect Newport weather. Probably about 10 people waiting out front. Within a few minutes out comes another hostess with hot baked bread for everyone waiting. A few minutes later she is back with little cups of water and menus to look at while waiting. Then back again with more bread and again to take away our used napkins and cups. WOW. Crazy! Our wait was about 10 minutes and the hostess came out to tell us our table was ready 'when we were'. No name calling or pagers at this place. They remember you by name and come get you personally. Our server, Andrew, was great. Super friendly and genuine. Asked us our names and called us by name throughout the meal. I have no doubt that the next time we come back he will remember us. Food was excellent. I had the meat filled homemade ravioli with marinara. Excellent!!Raviolis are homemade, just like my Italian grandma used to make. This place is all about the service and great food! They really treat you like they CARE about you. Probably the best hostesses I can remember at any restaurant ever. So many extra touches... I could go on and on. Out front they have magazines for the adults and a little kids coloring station to keep the kiddies entertained while you wait. Also sidewalk chalk for the kids and it's fun to check out all the drawings on the sidewalk. At the end of your meal, they serve you some hot mini chocolate chip cookies. Yum. Then our bill came along with mints, toothpicks, wet naps and a business card thanking us for coming in. Damn... this place is over the top. DEFINITELY will be back very soon. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for anyone craving some good Italian food with over the top service! Go try this place!Will be back very soon to try the Pink sauce!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,8/7/2009,238,202,6,10,11>Zimzala is tucked away behind the bar of a hotel that is tucked away in what seems like a commercial building, so it doesn't exactly jump out at you.  On a Saturday night, my Dining Companion and I were quickly seated in a near-empty restaurant around 7p.  I hope they get more exposure; Zimzala really brings something new and fresh to the neighborhood.  The decor is bright and trendy and the whole thing feels very modern and chic.The cuisine is Mediterranean.  I usually cringe because this means solidly Greek/Italian, but no - there were Moroccan and Turkish flavors integrated as well.  Dishes are slightly bigger than single-serving size and are meant to be shared among your friends.  My DC and I shared an appetizer special of deep-fried mussels and two entrees - the tagine (just the name of the dishware) of lemon chicken and couscous and the special of prime rib, a little spicy but served with a sweet Turkish tomato paste that counteracted the bite.  The fries that accompanied were fantastically spiced.  All of the dishes were cooked very well and were very delicious and flavorful.  Even the iced water is tasty, having been infused with cucumber (they gently place a single slice in your glass - totally for presentation and a bit ridiculous).  There are several seafood (scallops, halibut and salmon come to mind) options on the menu.My chief complaint is also a backhanded compliment.  My DC and I couldn't get far in a conversation because people were CONSTANTLY coming to the table for one thing or another and being intrusively helpful.  About five different individuals rotated between seeing us after we sat down (not including the hostess who sat us).  A water person AND a busboy?  Really?  They're helping the economy, I guess, and it did feel nice to have attentive service.  But the line is indeed fine.Save yourself the valet money and find street parking in the residential area if you want to save a few bucks, there's usually something around there.Final comment - rockin' cocktail menu.  They were out of sangria, which made me sad, but the margarita was really good and refreshing, though maybe a bit on the weak side.  I was tempted by the strawberry-basil muddled drink.  Next time, when I come back and it's crowded because people have finally caught on....
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,8/6/2009,879,320,35,45,45>Even among strangers, Spaniards rarely say "adios."  "Hasta luego" is preferred with the indication that paths will soon cross again, and for that I am truly happy that my path keeps crossing with Boquería - the newest nighttime "cohabitant" of Costa Mesa's cozy little breakfast/sandwich shop, the Rooster Café.Much like the Rooster's previous cohabitant "The Hidden Kitchen", Boquería opens its doors weekly (Thursday through Saturday / 5:30 pm-11:00 pm) and let me tell you - when I first entered those doors, I swore that I unintentionally clicked the heels of my black converse Chucks and magically appeared in a certain neighborhood of Barcelona known as La Ribera or (more specifically), the part known as "El Born."  Upon entering, a classical flamenco guitar recording lends a traditional Spanish character to the otherwise simplistic/modern backdrop of the cafe, while random tracks of Spanish pop music add reminders that El Born is one of the trendiest areas of Barcelona.While the concept of serving "tapas" has pretty much blown up in and around OC, the concept has been used quite loosely.  It seems that restaurateurs have been slapping the term "tapa" onto any appetizer dish, and low and behold, when wanting to go out for "tapas" around these parts, we're now choosing from Asian tapas, Mexican tapas and even some New-American tapas.  It's enough to make any newcomer's head spin.But now, enter Boquería with their "Spanish tapas."  Spain is the originator of the term and to them, eating tapas actually means more than just eating an appetizer or small plate - so much that it often has a designated time and place in one's daily routine.  The actual "eating" really isn't the focus - it's more the act of conversing with friends and family over a few small plates of food and drinks.  So as you might imagine, the small portioned and unassumingly rustic "everyday" Spanish tapas aren't fancy at all, and that makes them definite newcomers to the Orange County dining scene.  That the act of eating Spanish tapas usually isn't meant to be a full meal (but usually takes place during the same time that us Americans enjoy a full and hearty dinner) is the kicker, and for that, I'm not sure Orange County is ready for this concept.Instead of overanalyzing with many ingredients in a dish, the most typical Spanish cuisine focuses on a few key ingredients (mostly local to the region).  The end result is letting their true colors shine through, and the chef at Boquería certainly shows he understands that.  The bocadillos de jamón y queso (featuring Spain's two most prized ingredients) are simply grilled on flat, homemade foccacia style bread.  A touch of quince marmalade gives a fruity earthiness to this savory snack.Another example of simplicity in ingredients is Boquería's excellent job done with the "Tortilla Española," quite possibly the most typical "everyday" food eaten all over Spain.  Consisting of just eggs, layered between potatoes and onions, you may tend to overlook this "Spanish Omelette" as ordinary, but in fact, this simple dish is as much a part of Spanish pride as their jamón.  Eating Boquería's version reminded me of a typical breakfast or lunch when I lived and traveled throughout Spain.Crisp and refreshing with a glass of the "El Verdejo" white, Boquerones en vinagre (anchovies marinated in vinegar) remind me hanging out near the beach that borders the Barceloneta.  The deep fried "croquetas de pollo" are the perfect accompaniment with a bottle of Estrella Damm (a Catalan Lager).  Enjoying the "Melòn de Verano, Tomates Variados, Jamòn Serrano y Arugula" (Summer melon with tomatos, Spanish ham and arugula) is the most typical preparation you'd find for Jamòn Serrano "en verano".  All of the above are seasonal features at Boquería.Do not overlook that anything tastes good with Boquería's homemade red or white sangria.  Though Spaniards would tend not to make a full meal out of tapas, that doesn't mean it doesn't happen.  Ordering several plates of tapas to share also makes for a lighter dinner.  If you choose to go this route, I would thoroughly recommend the "Carne de Cerdo con Dàtiles, Nueces, Endibias y Vinaigrette al Membrillo" (Roasted Pork Topped with a Salad of Dates, Walnuts, Endives & Quince Vinaigrette).  The roasted pork is hearty enough for a main dish, and each bite is a sweet and savory one that is chock full of texture.Overall, to sum up my experiences at Boquería, I can only muster one phrase, and unfortunately it's in my declining Castilian -- Ojalá que Boquería se convierta al restaurante permanente muy pronto.  All I'm trying to say is that I hope with all my heart that Boquería someday finds their own location in Orange County.  But at the end of the day, if Orange County isn't ready for a Spanish tapas bar, Boquería, you know you've got at least a few eager and willing patrons.  One only hopes that more of OC gets turned on to this trend.  Ojalá!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,8/5/2009,442,290,7,16,14>Walking into The Hobbit is a little like going back in time. The moment you cross the threshold of this house-turned-restaurant you feel like you have been transported back into another era.To be sure, The Hobbit offers one of the most unique dining experiences I have ever had. It's unique not because of the food -- which, truth be told, I would rate about 3 1/2 stars -- but because the dinner is a 3+ hour journey into the Twilight Zone of food and wine.The set menu consists of 7 courses, which changes from week to week. Everyone is served the same thing (there is an alternative entrée for non-red meat eaters) and at the same time. Since the food train leaves promptly at 7:30 p.m. make sure you arrive well in advance. There is a small bar in the upstairs parlor room, in case you want to get your drink on early, but frankly, I did not think it was necessary.The first course takes place down in the basement cellar, where you will find all their wine proudly displayed for your perusal, as well as an array of hors d'oeuvres for your sampling, or in my case, scarfing, for not only was I famished but they were all so tasty. Everyone was also treated to unlimited servings of their house sparkling wine -- nothing fancy or complex, but tasty enough to want seconds (or fourths!) and potent enough to make you break your budget on your wine selection (ours was the 2005 Kobalt Cabernet). Truth be told, I could have spent the entire evening down there, and it was by far my favorite part of the dinner.When you finally emerge from the wine grotto, your wine is waiting for you at your table, expertly presented (in our case, decanted). The fact that all the tables are pre-determined and that you occupy it for the rest of the evening really makes you feel special.I won't comment on the food, since it changes from week to week, but I will say that it was very satisfactory (as mentioned above, 3 1/2 stars); the watermelon, mâche, and goat cheese salad was probably my favorite dish of the night. What was truly exceptional, however, was the service and attention to detail, which rival the best restaurants in the world. In fact, I thought the service here was better than at Picasso at The Bellagio in Las Vegas, and that place is known for its service!So the evening progressed until around 10:45 p.m., when we reluctantly decided it was time to leave. I did not want to, but I knew we had to. I don't know, maybe it was the wine. Or maybe I was just feeling a little sentimental. But upon leaving the epicurean time warp that is The Hobbit, I was actually a little saddened that my visit was over and that I had to travel back into the future.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,8/4/2009,154,178,8,6,6>So why did the Chicken Cross the Road? To get to the IMPROV! ZOMG!! LOLZ!! HAhhAHhAHhAH! ROFLOL!!Ok... I know that was the sorriest attempt at a Joke EVAR! But don't fret fellow YELPsters! You WON'T be chucking fruits and random objects at the comedians at the Irvine Improv. Because the line up here will bring tears of laughter! I was on a comedy binge and have attended headlining acts such as; The Last Comic Standing Winner Dat Pham [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ]; Southern Twang and often mistaken Jasper Reed; and the Four Headed Monster Bobby Lee, Kevin Shea, Dr Ken Jeong, and Steve Byrne of The Kims Of Comedy [ schemamag.ca/archive2/im… ] !Being that it's a short crawl from Yardhouse. You can eat and stumble  short steps toward The Improv [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ].  You could either pre-purchase tickets at the ticket window or buy them right before the show. Tickets range from $15-$40 depending who's the headliner with a TWO drink minimum. The Food here is acceptable. I've had a couple of appetizers here and it wasn't something memorable BUT it was filling. When it's a BIG act. DO come early because this place can fill up like Dolly Partons Bra.-----------------Rye's Notes:- Sign up for the e-mail newsletter and receive discount tickets (sometimes free)- Weds are usually DEAD!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,5/13/2007,326,258,10,12,14>OMG! This is a wino's dream come true.  Just walking in, there's aisles and aisles of hard liquor and cheaper than Bevmo, I'd like to add.  Big handles, tiny champagne bottles, and some mainstreamed wine on the top floor.  I couldn't find the bottle of Provenance I was looking for and asked a staff member to help me.  He told me to follow him down the walk way into the cellar, passing by the tasting room (I was starting to drool), passing by lots of bottles of wine.  He grabbed a bottle of Provenance Merlot for me and advised they were having a Bordeaux tasting this week, I was ready to camp out right then and there. I initially came in for a bottle of the Provenance and also a bottle of Mead.  Mead is a honey wine that you could drink alone or add to beer and the beer is magically less carbonated and more honey water-like.  I think I have found a way I can drink beer now!  They didn't have the particular bottle I was looking for but I'll have to go back for a wine tasting and ask them about it again.  The staff is friendly and very helpful.* Wine tastings every weekend from Thursday to Saturday night.  Each tasting is different, just ask for their newsletter, the schedule is right in the center of it.** Edit: Everytime I go back, I still hear the the choir singing "aaahhhhhhhh" as I first enter the liquor room and then the wine cellar. I took my friend and told him he'd be so excited he'd pee in his pants, luckily he was excited but was able to contain himself just a bit.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2006,5/11/2007,56,87,5,9,7>A good bar is defined by 3 things alone: 1. Good drinks, that won't leave you bankrupt. 2. Good people, both staff and patrons.3. Good area to fill your lungs with smoke.An excellent bar includes the 3 listed above, but will also offer: 4. A photo booth to prove to your friends just how drunk you were. 5. Pabst Blue Ribbon (on tap, or at least the tall boy cans)My friends, Alex's has all this and more! Let me give the REAL low down on this joint since the other folks managed to leave this part out. ... $3.50 for a vodka tonic and it's not watered down! I almost kissed that bartender, and maybe I should have because he was pretty damn cute. Speaking of cute, the night I went the place was filled with eye candy. I felt like I must have been a saint in a past life to deserve those boys. Karma, you are NOT a bitch. If you don't live in the LBC, it's well worth the drive. There's nothing better than listening to good punk bands, drinking booze and hanging out with interesting folks. Don't forget to top your night off with a photo booth strip to remind you just how stupid you look after you've been boozing it up all night.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,5/10/2007,268,881,2,6,5>Claire's is a wonderful escape, hidden behind the Long Beach Museum of Art. It's a small indoor/outdoor cafe overlooking the beach. Long Beach isn't known for it's gorgeous beaches, but the view here is still nice and serene. There is large artsy fountain next to the outdoor dining tables. This is the perfect place for a late Saturday afternoon lunch. The food is surprisingly superb! I had a pasta primavera and it was really fresh, yummy, and pleasing to the eye (and stomach!). My dining partner had a warm sandwich with fries that he spoke highly of. They serve beer, wine, and some champagne drinks (I had a Pink Panther.. half champagne, half cranberry juice). We took the Passport here from downtown so we didn't have to move the car/worry about parking. There's parking along the street on Ocean though.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2007,5/9/2007,597,190,5,8,6>Ambience: 4 starsService: 3 starsFood:  4 starsAlegria is one of those restaurants residing in a particular stretch of Pine that could dubbed the Latin quarter... or more accurately, the Latin quarter-mile.  (Nearby sit Sevilla, Mariposa, and Club Cohiba, all with their own take on the Latin/Spanish theme.  I suppose you could add Taco Beach to that list if you want to broaden your definition of Latin, and if by broaden you mean "expand exponentially as to be all-inclusive.")   I'd been meaning to check the place out for a while in my quest to expand my appreciation for all things Long Beach, so a free meal (more on that later) was as good a reason as any to foray into Pine Avenue.We arrived at Alegria shortly before 8 pm, after playing hide-and-seek with a parking space for 10 minutes and eventually conceding defeat by paying for a garage spot.  Pine was relatively quiet for a Thursday evening, probably because we southern Californians can't handle the torrential downpour of a fraction of an inch of rain.  Well, Hazel and I braved the elements (oh my god, my jacket was like, totally...damp) and were rewarded for our efforts with a fine meal.It seems Alegria is more of a Latin fusion place than a pure tapas bar, though what it's fusing the Latin food elements with I'm not totally sure.  The "fusion" showed up in the decor, as well, with murals covering some walls and fake brick exteriors showing on others.  The place wisely opts for mood (read: dim) lighting, nicely accenting the charms of the space.  As for the food and service, well... in the interest of full disclosure, part of the reason we dined at Alegria was because Hazel received an invitation for a free "chef's choice meal" from the owner.  Thus, we didn't undergo a typical dining experience, as the chef chose a 5-course dinner for us.  Wait.  Do cheesy croutons count as a course if they're presented with a plate of bread?The meal proper consisted of: sweet corn tamale with shrimp; a strawberry-garnished romaine and radicchio salad with vinaigrette;  the main course of a duet of butterfish with an avocado infusion sauce, and grilled chicken breast in an I-forget-what reduction sauce with bell peppers, and mashed-potatoes with a hint of jalapeno; and finally, a fantastic dessert of tres leches cake with raspberry and vanilla sauce swirled in, no kidding, a heart shape around the cake.I'm no foodie, but I have watched a lot of Top Chef, and trust me, it was  way more fun to eat all that than write it out (and, I suspect, read about it).  Though I can't vouch for its Spanish authenticity, on the whole the meal was a very sumptuous, flavorful eating experience.  Our waitress was polite and informative, if a little stiff and not as warm as the ambience of the place dictated.  Hazel and I will definitely return as regular, paying patrons and share more of the tapas dishes. Bonus Mike Q. Tip - Don't get overly excited about the sangria; it's good but not astounding.  My reaction to the first few sips: "mmm, cold red wine."  It did develop a sweeter flavor as it settled though, but I didn't have the gumption to pick out any of the fruit chunks.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2007,5/8/2007,134,290,2,8,6>My boyfriend's friend had his birthday this weekend, and asked that we find a place for dinner for Saturday night.  Now, we don't know the Long Beach area well at all, so it was a bit of a task to find a place, last minute for a group of six.  After much looking around, and callng for reccomendations we were able to book a table at The Reef, which boasted scenic harbor views, and excellent seafood.  We were all pretty stoked, they were very accomodating with our last minute reservation, and everything seemed to be in place. When we arrived, the place was a lot more fancy than we'd anticipated, and there was a wedding reception, as well as quite a few prom dinners going on.  However, we were seated promptly once our party was there, and things still seemed to be going well.  Our waitress took our drink orders, then hurried off, to, as we assumed, get them.  She came back  five or ten minutes later to take our dinner order, but we still hadn't gotten our drinks! I ordered the filet and shirmp scampi, with the rissoto, as I just found out I'm lactose intolerant :( So very, very sad for me).  We were finally given delicious bread to munch while we waited, and eventually our drinks came out.  The view from our table was gorgeous, and we were in a bottom floor dining room area which was relatively private.  We were sharing the room with a prom group, and an older couple. The problems with the drinks were the least of our worries.  Our food took forever to come out, and when it arrived, she had mixed up my order and brought me a baked potato instead of the rice.  When I explaied I couldn't eat it, she said "Oh, well do you still want to just keep it?"FOR WHAT?! To look at it?  I accepted and let someone else eat it, but I was disappointed.  There was a rather large hole on my plate where my second side dish belonged.  However, both the steak and shrimp were VERY good, and the vegetables that came with it as well were tasty.  The waitress said she'd return right away with my rissotto.  However, fifteen or twenty minutes later, when she returned to clear our plates, still, no rissotto.  "Oh, did you still want that?"Yes, yes I did still want that, it was part of my meal, and I was still hungry.  When they finally brought out my plate of risotto, right around the time they brought out dessert, I was more than disappointed.  The rissotto tasted a lot like oatmeal, and after waiting that long, come on.  The prices were pretty reasonable, the food was great, but the service left quite a bit to be desired.  They weren't even that busy, so it's not like that would be an excuse.  I don't know that I'd come back here the next time I'm in Long Beach.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,5/7/2007,127,162,16,11,7>My Honey Pig experience:2 awesome-rad friends + 1 token Korean (that would be me)Order in Korean to get proper service (I love being bilingual)1 order of Black Pork Bellies + 1 order of beef ribsSoju shots + large bottles of HITE BeerGrill, cut meat into little pieces, add green onion, add hot sauce, wrap in rice paper, eat, repeatmore soju shots + large bottles of HITE BeerCigarette breakMore ribs + 1 order of gochujang samgyupsal (pork belly in chili sauce)Soju shots + large bottles of HITE beerLoud drunken conversations where I profess my drunken love for my friends (I f*cking love you guys!)Cigarette breakSoju shots + HITE More meatHITE, HITE, HITE Fried rice at the end (I wish they wouldn't put lettuce in the rice)Total damage: food coma + soju coma + Me laying on the sidewalk with a smile on my face (just temporarily... I was carried to the car. Don't worry...I did not drink and drive)Great times. It was so good that 2 of us returned the following day for lunch. The server recognized us and gave us the same table. How awesome is that?
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2006,5/6/2007,475,510,10,5,5>ahhh. E.J's. it's like the hooker you come back to after months of driving 50 miles to a different town because you were "a little burned out of sylvia's ol' tricks".E.J's is your friendly neighborhood sports pub type bar. there are two E.J.'s in long beach (3411 broadway is the other), but in my opinion, the atlantic location is best. the decor is nicer and cleaner. the seats and tables are better situated for t.v. viewing and the bar seems bigger too. also, there is no way you can miss a t.v. at this place. yet, it doesn't feel claustrophobic in the way the other locale does.one thing the broadway locale does have over atlantic is an outside back patio. but then again, the atlantic location has outside curb seating if you want to bring your pets for sunday brunch.the tap beers consist of firestone double barrel, sam adams and sierra nevada. euro macros include newcastle, guinness, harp, smithwick's. there is also guinness combo drinks and ballast point yellowtail klsch, and 22oz bombers of reaper mortality stout and sleighor IPA.are you thirsty yet? neither am i. i am not fond of beer bellys.anyway, the food menu is pretty standard. house hamburgers and sandwiches and a few steak and chicken plates as well as your standard fish and chips. the last one being one of their staples as all tables are equipped with heinz vinegar for this meal. not to be missed are the battered shrimps. the cocktail sauce is made in house and is, as someone with an outdated culinary vocabulary would say, "delish".yeah.both resturants ( 4306 atlantic and 3411broadway) strive for the homey feel yet only the bixby location seems like a place you can go with either your buddies or family. service can be spotty at either one sometimes but for the most part, you don't notice it if you're eating and watching a game. both locations usually have more than one game/sport going on.so, if you're ready to give ol' sylvia another try, then try E.J's.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2007,5/5/2007,129,325,2,6,7>3 stars? 4 stars? I dunno.  I guess I'll go with 4, because I think the fact that I didn't like Famima!! better is my own fault for getting caught up in the hype instead of just enjoying it for what it is.  What it is, is an incredibly bright and clean convenience store that sells better stuff than your average convenience store.  The prices are a little high, yes, but they're high at regular convenience stores too and the merchandise isn't as good.  I guess that's what you pay for "convenience."  I like that Famima!! carries lots of organic and eco-friendly stuff (a full selection of Seventh Generation paper products, for example), and I like that it's got quirky sodas and quirky Japanese snacks, though I wish there were more quirkiness.  I was very disappointed to find there was a complete lack of poorly translated Japanese and Korean stationery.  Not even one measly Orange Story notepad!  I guess this isn't the Hello Kitty store, though.  Oh well.The fresh/refrigerated food they had all looked pretty tasty.  I had some Vietnamese spring rolls that were just okay (too salty, and the dipping sauce tasted like it was made of pure saltwater, in case I wanted a little extra salt with my salt) and one of those chocolate covered bananas wrapped in a pancake that was just as horrifyingly and deliciously sweet as it sounds.  Even though I was a little disappointed in my spring rolls, however, they sure beat the h-e-double-hockey-sticks out of whatever they try to pass off as food under those heat lamps at 7-11.All in all, Famima!! is fun, but maybe not worth driving clear across Long Beach just to get a snack.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2007,5/4/2007,427,582,12,20,14>Put some South in your mouth! That's the slogan Johnny Rebs' Southern Roadhouse is putting out there. Sounds kinda dirty if you ask me...The wife and I decided to head over to this place the other night. It IS right down the street from us... Well, our first experience here was absolutely phenomenal! Quick disclaimer: don't expect the same experience we did:Arriving with an hour before closing, we actually found parking in the extremely crowded and awkward parking lot. Quite a surprise taking into consideration how popular this place is. The restaurant itself looks like a dump from the outside, which is completely intentional. Once you step inside, you're magically transported into what looks like the inside of a hunting lodge (mounted Moose head included). The wife even mentioned that it didn't even feel like we were still in Orange during the meal...After entering the restaurant, we were promptly seated (no wait!). I had a hard time deciding on a meal, but our server (Melissa) did a great job of answering our questions and giving us her honest opinions on some of the dishes. And (get this!) after finding out that we'd never been to Johnny Rebs' before, she brought out a FREE appetizer sampler plate! Cajun sausage, hot link sausage, hushpuppies, and onion rings, oh my! That's a value of $9.39!! Could the meal start out any better?! (Read on...)The wife ended up ordering a full rack of baby back ribs with corn bread, sweet potato fries, and Cajun 'dirty' rice. I manned up and went all in: I got the 'Pork Out' bbq plate (choice of three 'smoked on the pit' meats). My choices? St. Louis pork ribs, bbq chicken, and pulled pork accompanied by a fluffy, homemade biscuit, collard greens, and black-eyed peas. My plate o' meat arrived, doused with bbq sauce. The pork ribs weren't the best I've had, but they were quite tasty nonetheless. I preferred the pulled pork, which was quite good; smoky goodness, slathered in bbq sauce! The bbq chicken was surprisingly tasty as well. It was flavorful, juicy, and fall-off-the-bone good. The biscuit was better than most I've had. I normally don't like biscuits that crumble and fall apart after a good buttering. This biscuit, however, held together quite well, after my butter 'n' honey treatment. The side dishes were interesting. My collard greens were surprisingly tangy (pickled greens? too much vinegar?) and chopped much finer than greens I've had in other places. My black-eyed peas had an almost fresh and 'minty' quality to them. I thought that maybe the Cajun sausage or hush puppies were throwing off my tastebuds, but the wife quickly confirmed my suspicions with a "What the heck did I just eat?" look on her face. Even though they tasted 'different' I actually enjoyed them. I decided not to stuff my stomach to its bursting point and left room for dessert. I'm a fan of dessert, so I asked Melissa about the pies and cobblers. She said that they are made in-house. Intriguing...I always appreciate a place more when they make their own desserts. I decided to try the Key Lime Pie, but ordered it to go. She brought it out with a bag for our leftovers, packed it all up for us, and surprised us by throwing in the pie NO CHARGE! She even gave us a flier that we could bring in on our next visit so we could get a free appetizer...again! Melissa at Johnny Rebs': you are an angel sent  from above! If I wasn't married...just kidding wifey!I have to hand it to Melissa, our server. She had been working since 7 AM that morning (to cover some shifts for her loser co-workers that didn't show up that day). However, she was just as chipper and helpful as if she had just started her shift for the day. What a trooper! (I hope she doesn't get in any trouble for this review now that I've outed her!)The only bad thing about our dinner was that we didn't get a complimentary bucket of peanuts on our table when we were seated. I didn't mind as much as my wife did...they would've taken up precious stomach space anyway. Overall, our meal was simply excellent. Melissa's service more than made up for the peanut problem, the food was great, and the complimentary appetizers and dessert pushed my review into 5-star territory. Johnny Rebs': I shall return.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2007,5/3/2007,171,253,5,3,5>When I happened to be in the Irvine neighborhood, I happened to see a Lee's sandwiches, and I was shocked because they never had one of those in the Marketplace when I was a student at UCI.  Man all the good stuff comes after I leave.  Anyways, I had never been to one before so I was excited to try it.  My hubby always had liked them so I said hey why not.  We went and it's open pretty late.  I got a chicken sandwich I think? This was actually my first time having a Vietnamese sandwich let alone a Lee's Sandwich.  I enjoyed it except, I almost dislocated my jaw on the chewy french bread the sandwich was on.  I heard this crack and my jaw went all numb.  I thought Uh oh, there goes eating.  Luckily my jaw went back to normal about 2-3 days later, but it was pretty bad.  Anyways enough about my jaw, the other exciting part of my meal was that they were having this special deal going on where every 100th customer would receive their whole meal free and guess who was the lucky 100th?!  It was me!!! And we got our whole meal for free so who can complain about free food, right?  All of these bells and whistles went off and I thought I was in trouble, when I found out I won something, I was like hell yeah!  I wish I ordered more stuff.  Dam...  The only issue I have with Vietnamese sandwiches is that they put too much mayo on their sandwiches.  I'm not a mayo fan to begin with, but it's a bit much.  If you like mayo then no prob, but for a non mayo fan like me, I would prefer less.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2009,5/19/2009,291,164,11,12,10>Brunch in Garden Grove? YES!!This tiny shop is hidden amongst businesses in a tiny strip mall. But don't be fooled...there's goodies to be found!The coffee here is excellent. And this is coming from someone who doesn't drink much coffee normally. I had a Vanilla Latte and my friend had the Almond house coffee, which was surprisingly tasty. Just a hint of almond aroma as an end kicker.Omelets are their specialty (duh). So many to choose from...I kept switching my mind back and forth! I settled on a Florentine, which had both spinach AND bacon in it...score! My friends got the Hobo and Mama Mia. Hobo is perfect for the meat lover and Mama Mia...well I don't remember it much, but I bet that one was good too.These were served with toast and a choice of potatoes. I got the house fries (aka country potatoes).  I wasn't too impressed. They were mushy and under seasoned. They look so good in the pictures! Maybe just a bad day. And of course I couldn't resist getting a stuffed French toast (to share of course!). Three slices of bread with cream cheese in between, drizzled with berry sauce. Not quite "stuffed", but delicious anyways. If brunch had dessert as a course, this would be it.Although the place is cozy, the tables are well spread out. Don't think about coming with a large party. Most tables seat 2-4, although they can push the round tables together, providing a somewhat awkward seating. The service was great. The food wait was on the slow side. My tummy was grumbling non-stop. But that only meant I inhaled my food even faster!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,5/18/2009,1018,364,33,27,25>I was thinking to myself that Prego Ristorante is aptly named... as I looked down at my belly, wide-eyed in horror... tongue darting out of the corner of mouth to lick away the lasagna that not surprisingly lingered defiantly and as reminder of the plate of lasagna I just stuck my face in... OMG... was it that second helping of salad and side of potatoes that has pushed me into my second trimester of food coma? Or was it the additional piece of bread that I should have refused but lovingly placed on my plate...if but only for a second - and then quickly gobbled. O_oImma 'bout to pop. The owner of my company loves Prego (which means thank you (for making me feel rotund) in Italian) and since she'll be out of town for a couple weeks, including the holidays, our smallish office decided to have a holiday luncheon instead of a dinner out... it was just easier to accommodate with everyone's schedules this year. So last Friday, we enjoyed the following:Mista Insalata - this salad is delicious... the vegetables were crisp and fresh and it was just GOOD... it consisted of romaine lettuce, radicchio, fennel, cucumber, leeks, cherry tomatoes and we had our choice of ranch, blue cheese, or vinaigrette dressings.Lasagna - baked in a tray just like mom would make...homemade with a very chunky, filling meat sauce...lots of gooey mozzarella and stuffed with ricotta cheese... it was not the best I have ever had but it was definitely very good and hit the spot. Chicken Parmigiana - I was least impressed here... the chicken was dry... and the cheese was thick... but really it was the dryness of the chicken that had my sayin' meh and heading back for more salad and potatoes!Green beans sautéed with tomatoes - yum. Crisp, not soggy... perfect green beans. Roasted potatoes with garlic cloves - I cannot resist ye. These potatoes were bomb. I mean BOMB... perfectly cut into bite size cubes... roasted with whole cloves of garlic and rosemary... oh man... tasty. Foccacia bread - served with oil and vinegar. Standard.For dessert we had their Flourless Chocolate Cake.... Holy eff bomb. I am not partial to chocolate... nor am I a cake eater.... But THAT was damn good.... Moist and low carb... who knew? Imma eat only that every day now.In summary: I enjoyed the lasagna... the salad... green beans...and potatoes... a little "too" much.... But it was very good. And if I bathed in cake it would be the flourless variety.Incoming! I'm due any minute.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,5/17/2009,505,628,15,14,13>OG-GEH?  OH-GEEE? who cares...all i know is..YUM!its on the corner of harbor & chapman on the way to the happiest place on earth in the same plaza as our old favorite Joes CrabShack, and RedRobin, & OutbackSteakhouse!  therefore u know that means a full parking LOT!!!  PLUS it seems like all of OC + tourists eat here fri nites....grrwe walked in and it was a 30min wait which sucked cuz we were starved but good considering its a friday nite. plus they take reservations but not for our small party of 2...hahaha..as we sat we looked at the gabillion tvs hangin around the walls playin angels/dodger games, they have sports memorabilia and helmets on the ceiling altho i swear i couldnt find my Pats..hmmm...they have a huge bar area, a small dining area, and a big patio area...the place is very family friendly as well..the menu was disgusting it was completely sticky all the pages were stuck together but u know WHY i continued flippin thru it rippin apart the pages?? cuz the FOOD looked/sounded AMAZING!!! everything on the menu looked delish*Honey BBQ wings 6 for $8 were freaking delectable...i mean straight perfect with the crispy yet not dried out texture and unbelievably yummy sauce. i didnt even have 1 whole wing because i wanted my pizza but it was GOOOOOOD*a LARGE "WORKS" pizza ($23)it came out and i grabbed for a slice before the runner left it on our pizza stand!  it was HUGE & the cheese was the extremely THICK STRETCHY cheese my FAV! PLUS their crust was sooo yummmmy even u crust haters will enjoy it! but a few things i didnt like.. the toppings arent even baked into the pizza i mean it seems like they throw the toppings on top of a cheese & pepperoni pizza because um hello the sausage, bell pepper, mushrooms, and tomatos were all literally sittin on top and wehn u grab a slice it literally ALL rolls off i mean NONE of it is even imprinted in the cheese...is this some time saving technique??  2ndly the pizza wasnt that hot when it was brought out...warm but not piping hot like id wanted it to be...so MAYBE it wasnt hot enough so the toppings didnt get to melt in....blah*a Hef & Torrey Pines (all beers are made by oggis!) were $8 each yeah they were those massssive jugs but still! expensive the hef was pretty tasty ( i swear oggi was on the oc happyhour list for allday happyhour but nope it was just 3-6pm thats when pints are $4..damn for missin it!)*Vodka Penne Pasta was alright. i wouldnt pay $13 for that particular pasta again...it was extremely heavy but good. it had chicken, red bell peppers, portbello mushroom, chives and cheese with one lil oggi bread knot or watever..very fulfillingwe had good service, yummy food, and a $70 bill at the end BLAH to eatting well! ...the unemployed + parttime couple cant afford this MAN! =( but it was worth it! next time maybe just 1 wing 1 beer 1 medium pizza lolits a chargers/ducks eatery! go ducks HELL NO CHARGERS!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,5/16/2009,481,580,35,27,12>SIX STARS!!!  SIX STARS!!!!!Okay, allow me to establish a bit of ambience, if you will.  Bear with me, Yelpers, but I just got home from the world's most beautiful experience ever at Montanya.Allow me to state for the record that I, Monica D., am a world-class certified WUSS.  You ever see that Friends episode where Phoebe goes with Rachel to get a "tattoo" and winds up with one dot because she couldn't take the pain?  I almost passed out at the very thought of feeling that one dot.  Additionally I have eight holes in my ears -- seven in the lobes and one in the cartilage -- and EVERY PIERCING I received I HAD to hold someone's hand or else I would start hyperventilating.  And by "hyperventilating" I mean "tearing up and shaking like a little bitch."  The corner of my eyes still tear up when I pluck my eyebrows.  I wince every time my lovely and delicate pedicurist gets near my big toenail.  Really, pain and me?  Not even remote acquaintances.  I mean seriously, P-U-S-S-Y.  Look it up in the dictionary, where do you think I got my primary profile pic from.Anywho, a sense of urgency overcame me yesterday afternoon -- to be perfectly honest, I wanted to get it done before the end of the week just in case I happened to get lucky with a gentleman I'd been courting.  Okay, that just sounds Victorian, but this is Yelp, not Penthouse Forum, and the more obscure/Kelly Clarkson-esque I am about my sex life, the better.  So I'd already bookmarked a salon in Newport Beach, but when I called I got their machine.  I half expected a phone call back quickly, but I guess they are just too damn busy...  What an outstanding rejection that turned out to be!  So I did a cute lil Yelp search near my work, and lo and behold, Montanya popped up first.So when I came upon Montanya I was still a bit hesitant.  I'm no girly girl, so I'm not used to these frou-frou places.  I posted on Yelp Talk for some advice and got some great words of wisdom -- I decided to take a couple aspirin before coming for my appointment 20 minutes early.Parking is a breeze, but you would NEVER expect this place to be here, tucked away between the Bowers Museum parking lot and bunch of neat little Santa Ana old-fashioned homes.  You walk up this stone path past a beautiful garden, gazebo, and patio -- you think to yourself, am I in the right place?  Then you float inside and you're in a completely different world.  A gentle essence of candle and scent waft in the air; ambient candlelight combines with the fledgling slivers of daytime light coming into the few windows to make the world's most peaceful escape.The gentleman at the front desk is INCREDIBLY kind.  A few moments and filled-out paperwork later, I was introduced to Ines, of whose outstanding reputation I'd read about already in previous reviews.  AWESOME.  She said she specialized in newbies like me, so I was extremely relieved.After I used the facilities because I was so nervous, we went into a small room with a padded table where I changed in private.  What happened after that was almost a blur.  Typically I am not a very chatty person with strangers -- especially nice lady strangers who are all up in my lady business.  I think she could tell at first I was nervous, so she began the conversation.  I tried to keep it up, but after a few moments, I realized -- I was falling asleep!  No way!  After all kinds of horror stories I'd heard, I couldn't believe I was this relaxed.  Ines commented, however, that my hair was thin as it was, so perhaps the other women whose counsel I'd sought had thicker hair and/or deeper roots than me.  One word:  sweeeet.I can't believe I am sharing this much information about my hoohah, but hey, believe me, if I can get this done then ANYBODY can.  Ines is not only the most patient person in the world, but I can guarantee that she will not have to work as hard on anybody else as she had to with me.  She carefully explained the Brazilian vs. Playboy waxes, and the procedures for care during and after (on my part).  But as for the actual waxing itself, God bless Ines.  For those of you who don't know me personally, I'm a big girl.  I mean I am no Half-Ton Mom but I'm no skinny bitch either.  Think...  Filipina Queen Latifah-ish, except with way smaller boobs.  To prevent everyone who's reading this from upchucking, I will stop there.  Figure it out for yourself!Ines even saved me from some unnecessary product purchasing -- I asked about the ingrown hair-preventing cream and she said because of my hair and skin that I didn't need it.  She predicted minimal irritation with the reaction of my skin and recommended plain old Neosporin if it really bothered me that much later on tonight.  Seriously?  I barely feel any pain at all right now :)I love you, Ines, and thank you, Montanya, for EVERYTHING!!!  And the coupons I received!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for first-time waxers.  Yes, you read that right, bitches.  MY FIRST WAX EVERRR = Brazilian!  Monica D. FTW!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,5/15/2009,98,135,9,15,14>I'm glad that I finally got a chance to try this place--thanks to Yelp!Mochilato has a great selection of mochi ice cream, better than Mikawaya or any other place I've tried.  They also have gelato, shaved ice, imagawayaki filled with red bean and nutella, and other cute desserts to satisfy your sweet tooth.  But the mochis take the cake.They have some really awesome and unique flavors of mochi.  Hazelnut, almond, and especially plum wine are especially natural tasting and delicious--plum wine mochi actually has bits of plum in it!  Unfortunately, other flavors are just okay (vanilla, coffee, and other "typical" flavors) and some are downright nasty (pistachio).  At least they are all very colorful and pretty to look at through the display counter.However, I thought the imagawayaki was just okay.  I ordered the nutella-filled one, which was freshly made and piping hot, but the texture wasn't as good as the ones I've had in Little Tokyo.I haven't tried their shaved ice, but it's like a small mountain of ice so I probably won't be ordering that anytime soon unless I come with a large party.Overall, Mochilato is a decent place in Irvine to grab mochi desserts, and their selection can't be beat.  Quality of the mochi is on par with Little Tokyo.  Not so sure about their gelato though--you could probably find better gelato elsewhere.  The only major downside is that the place gets pretty packed and noisy even on weeknights so it might be hard to find a place to sit to enjoy your mochi, but even if you do find a seat inside, you'll have to drown out the cacophony of boisterous college kids.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,5/14/2009,356,117,12,15,14>How can you turn down $3 Pho?  It's $3 for the large deluxe pho and $2.50 for the regular size deluxe. Twoooo...fidddy!!  - The Deal: This place is offering their Beef Pho (menu items # 1-11) at 50% off the regular price ($5 Regular and $6 Large).  And when they ask if you want something to drink, just know that you'll be charged $0.50 for ice water.  - The Taste:The Pho broth is lighter than most places, so if you want your Pho saltier and deeper in taste, add a dash of fish sauce (the fish sauce is in kikkoman soy sauce bottles sparsely distributed around the restaurant).  You can be ninja-like and claim one for your table, or you can just ask for it.  I also squeeze some lime into the broth and shred some basil into my soup.  - The Service & What to do if you're really hungry:The waiter usually lays down placemats and "Pho garnish salad" when you order.  The Pho usually comes out pretty fast... but if it doesn't... and you're hungry.  Squirt some of the hoisin sauce into one of the provided sauce dishes and dip the bean sprouts in there.  It kinda tastes like spring rolls!!  Always holds me over.Once I discovered this place and it's awesome 50% off deal... I've been here sometimes 2-3x a week!!  At first you might think that the pho is nothing special... but you CAN'T deny a good deal.  And you will start craving this pho...  it happened to me... and it could happen to you!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,5/13/2009,154,178,14,14,13>Turning Japanese!! I think I'm Turning Japanese!! I really THINK SO!!Turning Japanese!! I think I'm Turning Japanese!! I really THINK SO!!The Japanese; known to export marvelous wonders such as Sushi Slicing Skills, Fuel Efficient Cars, and Anime Porn. Well they can add Awesome Pastries to their list of one upping everyone! Cream Pan, if you say it too fast or if you're a porn aficionado, will mistakenly call it Cream Pie. (Urban Dictionary or Google it). This place is filled with Pastries Galore [No Pun Intended] ! But besides the Bakery. The Mad chiefs in the kitchen are dishing out Breakfast Plates,  Sandwiches, Salads, and Japanese Infused Pasta!There's nothing better than to wake up early on a Sunday morning. Paper in one hand Blackberry in the other and heading out to this super busy Gem located in Old Town Tustin [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ] !  The good people behind the pastry case [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ] are friendly and super polite, especially the uber hot Hapa Chick! I've came here on a few occasions and must recommend the following:* | Strawberry Croissant [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ] Flaky GoodnesS filled with  sweet creamy custard and Strawberry's * | Almond Pear Croissant [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ] Actual Pear in the middle of the croissant with a hint of almond To go along with the barrage of Awesome-Tastic pastries. I've had a chance to devour their breakfast plates.* | Scrambled Egg Whites w/ Smoked Salmon + Pasta Salad [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ]* | Mushroom Omelet + Pasta Salad [ static.px.yelp.com/bphot… ]Like any Japanese delight. You will get addicted and all your money will go toward funding some Anime character called the Pastry Monster with level 5 powers stronger than any Pokemon! I give this place a Godzilla ear screeching 5 Stars! GRwWwwwwwaAaaaAaaaAaAaAaaaRrrRrRrRrrRRrhhHhhHhhh-----------------Rye's Notes:- Gets a bit busy in the mornings. Finding a table will take Quick Ninja Skills- The Pre-packaged sandwiches are Yum-Tastically-Delicious!- An Oldie but Goodie! youtube.com/watch?v=qb5I…
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,5/10/2009,213,191,8,9,7>Moving day in Fullerton, boxes still in the living room. Three of us pack up in the Enterprise moving truck and head off to Tony's. The decor is all about Chicago pride. A little small, but that just adds to the character. We ordered a pitcher of beer, (synonymous with pizza) and a deep dish special. The wait can be pretty long, especially if you are hungry. Don't g in expecting a fresh deep dish pizza in about 5 minutes. I've waited about 20-25 minutes. But its worth the wait, believe me. You might want the pizza to sit for a minute or so, otherwise it will all come apart once you cut it. The crust is just what you would expect from a Chicago style pizza. All that goodness when biting into the first piece, mind you, I'm not that kind of girl who eats pizza with a fork and knife, but in this case, I made an exception. When I have a craving for a deep dish, so long BJ's, I'm in love with Tony's!!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,5/9/2009,291,173,5,9,8>Five very solid stars for Sushi Murasaki.I came in on Saturday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by this gem in Santa Ana.... come on.... you expect nothing but ghettoness in Santa Ana!!!The ambiance was very nice.... small and quaint, and very welcoming. I can foresee there being a long wait during busier times. Anyways, we were promptly seated, and ordered the omakase. While I can't list everything that the chef prepared (as he called everything by their Japanese names), every piece of fish that came out on the bar was impeccably fresh. Not only that, but we didn't get any generic fish... mostly ones imported from Japan... and each piece exquisitely prepared. Sushi Murasaki is not one of those places where you need to use soy sauce on the fish, each morsel is delicately seasoned with fresh wasabi, and a unique seasoning of sauces for which there is no description. While the cuts of fish aren't as large as Taiko's, the quality and TLC that goes into each order of sushi more than compensates for it. As it is often said, quality over quantity. After about ten orders of whatever the chef prepared, we decided to call it quits. I was expecting a crazy tab (as I would have gotten at Ikko), but no... two people with ten dishes came out to roughly $75. This meal was a bargain. Excellent service with incomparable flavor and quality make Sushi Murasaki the top dog of sushi in my book.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,5/7/2009,231,963,10,12,12>I knew we were off to a good start when I walked in and "Miss Me Blind" by Boy George started playing. Yes, Boy, I do miss you...and I am still not over the fact that I bought tickets to your show last year and you couldn't get a work visa and the show was canceled...but, that is a whole other story.Anyways, Wholesome Choice. First impression? Great! A nice new clean store with good music and lots of food. BF and I came for lunch today, and to possibly do some grocery shopping. We made one circle around all the different lunch choices...Thai, American, Chinese, Middle Eastern, Sushi, Indian...everything looked good. After one circle, I decided on Beef Broccoli with fried rice, and an Orange Roughy kabob from the Thai counter. BF had trouble. He made about 7 circles around all the food, and he couldn't decide what he wanted. I was angry, annoyed, and hungry; he was being very difficult. He FINALLY decided on some BBQ Ribs, some sort of meat pocket, and creamed spinach. We each grabbed a drink. For me - Arizona Mandarin Green Tea and for him Root Beer.$20! I thought that was a bit much, but whatever. We sat down, we ate. The beef broccoli was pretty good. Not any better than Panda Express, though. The fried rice was not so good. My fish kabob was okay. Not good enough to have it again though. BF said his ribs were decent. The meat pocket was alright, but a bit soggy. The creamed spinach was not good at all.Overall impression of the food? I give 3 stars for the food, so far. But I will go back and try more. They had filet kabobs with basmati rice that I REALLY hope are good cause I often drive way too far to get some freakin basmati rice, and it would be nice to be able to drive down the street and get it. So, the grocery store. I like that they had everything, unlike other "health" stores that don't carry soda and different snacks. They had a nice selection of fresh flowers. Their seafood looked good. The wine aisle wasn't too impressive. They had a huge selection of cheese. The produce looked fine, but I didn't think it was any better than Albertson's or Ralph's. They have TONS of desserts that all looked really good and pretty, but I refrained. Perhaps another day.They did have off the wall meat, like Lamb Brains and Goat Tongue...stuff you can't find at normal grocery stores. I guess if I ever have a hankering for some brain, I know where to go.Will I grocery shop here? Probably not. I live about 15 minutes from here, and there are 3 grocery stores that are closer to me. I wasn't so wowed that I would go back for my everyday shopping. I would stop by to get desserts or cheeses for parties and family get-togethers. Will I go back to eat there again? Fo sho. Maybe I will even go back one day for lunch this week!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,4/14/2012,720,28,23,29,29>One word, three syllables, and a-whole-lotta heart: a-ma-ZING!  I'm talking about the hospitality, service, and food at The Ranch.  I've been on a hiatus from writing reviews due to life in general and, well...lack of inspiration.  It's not that I don't enjoy the restaurants that I go to but nothing has really stood out for me to want to write a review...until last night.  We walked up to the huge wooden double doors that adorn the front of the restaurant of the Extron building, and as I was about to reach for the handle, a gentleman came over to open it for me.  Ok, fine.  We're two ladies entering an establishment, doors opened for?  Expected.  Acknowledged.  Appreciated.  Upon entering and greeted by all three hostesses and shown to our table, we must have been greeted to by 7 or 8 other waiters, managers, sommeliers etc -- all geniune and courteous!  That...is service with a smile.  We opted for an array of different dishes -- a la tapas style.  I was still full from the day's lunch so I just wanted a nice place to sit and enjoy my company.  We chose the following items:1.  Blue Crab Sliders - Flavorful, robust, tender.  My mouth is watering as I type.2.  Foie Gras - Slightly seared and accompanied with an assortment of compotes.  The Hen of the wood mushrooms were delicious.  Decadent.  3.  Lobster Cobb Salad - Get this!!  Big chunks of lobster, avocado, and feta are married in a sweet and tangy honey mustard vinaigrette and adorned with 2 tiny QUAIL DEVILED EGGS!  This was so cute and the presentation was beautiful.4.  Deviled Eggs - Don't tell them, but my smoked bacon deviled eggs with truffle drizzle are better.  I give them props for not messing up a classic recipe though. haha5.  Lobster Mac & Cheese - It's drenched in white cheddar...with big chunks of lobster.  'Nuff said.6.  Creamed Corn -  Call me corny but I can't help it...I'm a luvah...a corn luvahhh.  I can live off this stuff.  You can't mess it up...Ok, so maybe we went a little overboard with the ordering.  I tend to go apeshit with the ordering when left to my own devices, but we enjoyed everything ordered nonetheless.  The service was on par and my glass never went less than halfway full.  I feel like I need to devote a bit of time to the wine list and the wine itself.  Even though according to tradition, I should have chosen a dry white wine in order to allow the delicate seafood flavors to shine, I found myself gravitating back to a red...pinot noir to be precise.  Do yourself a favor and order the Williams Selyem 2007 Pinot Noir (Russian River Valley) - this is the only restaurant in the country that offers this wine by the glass (as opposed to the bottle).  I can go on and on about the rich texture, the complex flavors, and the aromatic bouquet...but how about I let you taste for yourself?  Trust me. To me, the difference between a 4 star rating and a 5 star rating is definitely that extra effort put on by the establishment.  Do they want me back as a customer?  Am I made to feel like a person or just another dollar sign?  From the moment I reached the door to the time we received our food to leaving the restaurant, I felt catered to and taken care of.  This, ladies and gentlemen...is what a dining experience should be.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,4/13/2012,1753,410,58,62,60>After Valentine's Day my friends & I threw a surprise birthday dinner for the gal who nonchalantly chose Peruvian--obviously not suspecting the majority of us showing up.First to arrive, since I saw only one, separate party in this roomy & bright CI scene, my event coordinating friend didn't reserved as thought, which was fine b/c the staff were enthusiastically on it, setting up tables & silverware for 14 guests.After getting seated--& after my birthday friend came over--reviewing those that I've tried that night some of us pun-intended pitched in a pitcher of Sangria ($20 for 5 glasses), the b-day girl's BF fervidly went for the Tacu Tacu ($13.99), & unsurprisingly more than 1/2 of the table--& I--were dyin' to try CI's famed Lomo Saltado ($12.99).  While waiting for our dinner we attempted to self-control our intake of their free bread & aji, which were decent in my book.Lomo Saltado, you are one svelte, savory dish without that much reliance on the salt.  With the fluffy white rice the beefy chunks were effortlessly bitten & very pleasingly succulent with the sautéed, soft potatoes partially soaked in the sensuous sauce.  Plenty of this deliciousness as expected I intentionally consumed half of the entrée, & likewise finished the leftover half--still yum-tastic--for breakfast the next day before those long hours of classes.Meanwhile our friend generously plated a sample of his Tacu Tacu (a unique rice & beans mixture) & Fried Plaintains, which were respectively dimensionally tasty w/o excess sodium & frankly forgettable.  As for the Sangria, oh yes there were barely any of that stiff or uncomfortably stinging feel, but it wasn't full-bodied & seductive as food-wise different Tagine.  Yep, this Sangria wasn't for me.I will admit that the general pricing is slightly high, compared to previous Peruvian pigging, but CI inks 4 stars thanks to service.  Besides the aforementioned table setup our charming waiter, Stephen, had an appreciative knack for dealing w/ such a huge party for us that not only he & the CI crew were efficient in bringing all of our entrees, but they gladly concealed a birthday cake (from some OC cakery), brought it & sang Happy Birthday wonderfully, offered their dessert plates & forks w/ no hesitation, & gave none of this Cake Cutting fee--just the mandatory 18% gratuity.Birthday or not, don't mind me salivating for the Lomo Saltado again, Casa Inka.  I'll bring buds to hopefully order the Aji de Gallina, Tallarin Saltado, & another plate of steak-embedded Tacu Tacu.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/12/2012,1059,357,29,33,33>This is the second time I have been to the Irvine Barclay Theatre.  It is a great venue at UCI where a variety of shows such as musical acts, performance art, comedy, etc., have played. The place does not have a bad seat in the house because of it's pretty small size.  Even at the back of the theatre, the seats are good.  It is easy to find and parking is simple.  Got our tickets  online and breezed into the lobby 30 minutes before the show.  They had a bar in the lobby for pre-show drinks.We were there to see Stuffed and Unstrung by the Henson Alternative. yelp.com/biz_photos/Pnky…  It is an adults only improv show involving 80 Henson puppets, 6 comedians and improv skits based on audience suggestions thrown at host, Patrick Bristow.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Pnky…  Note:  These are not my photos.  They are stock photos.  Pictures and filming are not allowed in the theatre.  The show is running at the Barclay through Sunday.  stuffedandunstrung.com/t…  It is a crazy fun show and not for the easily offended.   Even though these are Henson puppets, this is not Muppet material and definitely not Sesame Street.  Very 18 and over content but nonetheless hilarious.Hope to be back to the Barclay soon to see what other great shows they have to offer.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,4/11/2012,338,875,31,23,28>I have driven past this place probably 20 times. Always the sidelong glance. Always the reminder that I need to try it out.Well, Nate's Korner has finally had its day in court, and the verdict is: GUILTY.On the count of having addiction-inspiring soft french bread: GUILTY.On the count of having delicious hoagie creations, and re-acquainting me with the goodness of hard salami: GUILTY (side note -- Jenna B.'s review is charged with aiding and abetting).On the count of having quick and friendly service: GUILTY.On the count of having what looks to be an 80% male clientele: GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY (pleasure!)On the count of having exceptional macaroni salad: NOT GUILTY. Sorry. I rarely turn down an opportunity to eat pasta, but the sweet mayo weirdness on this was unmanageable for me.Thank you, Nate's, for being the place where I can get a great hoagie and maybe even enjoy the view.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,4/10/2012,430,297,13,15,13>Oh my gah!Spumonii...must have !!!  Must be one of the best tasting, best presentation I have experienced with this dessert.  Served on a plate, two slices of spumoni - chocolate hazelnut, strawberry, and pistachio gelato folded together with cherries, chocolate chips and pistachios.  Oh and they didn't forget the dollop of creme fraiche topped with a blackberry.  Garnished with mint leaves.  And drizzled on the side, raspberry and chocolate sauce.480 calories.  Ouch!!!  But worth the weight gain!!Besides dessert, I did have a a meal at lunch.  Ravioli alla Lucana - Organic spinach ravioli filled with Italian sausage, ricotta, parmesan and fennel; fresh tomatoes, spicy tomato sauce with imported peperoncino, pecorino pepato cheese and fresh basil.  Yummmmers.  The bread basket was nice too.  I had the grainiest, seediest roll.  Awesome!Buono appetito!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,4/9/2012,307,337,15,17,18>My cousin was graduating from Chapman University and we thought that we'll eat here 1st, before attending his graduation.We already expected the line to be a little long, so were not surprised to see a bunch of people already waiting in line as we pulled up.  The parking is very limited here, so it's basically just street parking.We ordered the Chicken and Waffle and also the Waffle with Eggs and Bacon.  I gotta say the Chicken and Waffle was a hit!  The Waffle was not soggy and had the right texture to it.  The chicken was tender and soft, with a light breading to it.  You take one bite of this, and you'll want to continue eating it.  It's just that good.The Waffle with Eggs and Bacon was pretty good, but just not as good as the Chicken and Waffle.  The Waffle with Eggs and Bacon may be suitable if you are in the mood for breakfast food, though.They do charge $1 extra for maple syrup (what a money maker!).Overall, a must visit place when you are in the Old Town Orange area.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/8/2012,929,426,18,17,15>We dined at TusCA for dinner to celebrate Ryan M.'s Birthday and had an awesome experience here.  I made reservations through that nifty Open Table feature on Yelp which I've grown to love so much.  After seeing that Anita L. gave TusCA 4/5 stars, I knew I had to try it.  That woman knows her food!  I think they've changed chefs since some other reviews, but the food here is definitely still great IMO.  Self-parking is easy and the restaurant validates for 3 hours, so you're good to go on parking.  The restaurant is located in the lobby of the hotel, but it's well-decorated and modern.  It's casual without being too casual and fancy without being too fancy IYKWIM (If You Know What I Mean).  WOW...even I surprise myself with my profound eloquent use of words. *applause*We were greeted and seated right away.  Our server Matt was super attentive and friendly.  They serve warm Ciabatta bread, but they also serve a yummy garlic spread, olive oil, and this awesome while bean mixture.  For drinks, I ordered a cocktail called the Socal Sunset and OMG...it had some guava juice type of flavor in it...I couldn't stop drinking it.  In no time, my facial complexion turned a Socal Asian Red Sunset color.  I found a whole new meaning to the word REDRUM.For our appy, we got some fried calamari which is probably some of the best I've had in a while.  It was perfectly seasoned and crispy on the outside and served with maranara for dipping.  I wish I could have calamari like this every day.  Our antipasto had asparagus, prosciutto, and this cheese-stuffed pepper that lasted 2.2 seconds on the plate.  I again, have to remind myself that this is not an eating competition. By this time, it's safe to say that I was full and everything I was putting in my mouth was for my taste buds only.  But I had to push forward with my entree which was a Chilean sea bass.  Now now, for those that are against eating Chilean sea bass, I understand your concern, but I love it.  I will eat that shit until it's extinct.  Sorry.  It's good.  It's served on a bed of mushrooms, spinach, and butternut squash puree.  This also lasted 2.2 seconds on the plate as I scarfed it down.  They should call it Chilean Sea BAD ASS cause I lurve it.They even brought out a complementary ricotta cheesecake which wasn't as dense as regular cheesecake but just as yummy.  Very impressed with this...they must keep a pastry chef hostage back there.  I haven't had anything that good since Mariah's E=MC2 album!I'm so glad I found a hidden gem in Orange County, usually frequented by travelers and not locals.  If you're ever in the area for dinner, I highly recommend dining here!  And ask for Matt cause he's the server with fervor and will treat you right.  It's only a matter of time until a fancy schmancy restaurant steals him away.  Thanks TusCA.  Is it "Tusk-a" or "Toos-ka?"  Oh well, who cares...I'm gonna go purge now.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/7/2012,826,477,13,16,17>Working out. Something I clearly never imagined for myself especially at 6 o'clock in the morning. But i have completed nine sessions and am feeling pretty determined and motivated to embark on a lifestyle change. I have never been a svelte type of lady nor was i ever fiendishly weighing myself and counting every single calorie that went into my mouth. It wasn't until recently that i really started analyzing my food intake and evaluating "what" was going into my body. I started eating more fruits and veggies in the form of natural juice. I pushed myself to eat more (smaller portions), consume less bad carbs and incorporate a work out routine. That's when a friend of mine offered me a Groupon pass for 20 sessions at Physique on 6th. Pilates is something foreign to me. In fact, 25 reps on 10lb dumbbells and walking around my neighborhood seemed like a work out. NOPE. i was sadly mistaken. My first two classes focused on legs, thighs, butt and arms. I was sore for life. I thought i could ease the soreness with an evening ZUMBA class but that just intensified the pain. I continued pressing forward with my effort and figured, if it hurts -- it's working. The thing I love most about these sessions is that it's never the same and you can go at your own pace. The instructor teaches an advanced pilates class but never expects people who are newbies to be able to follow her every move. I have come a long way in my 9 days of doing this. I no longer feel like dying and I like that my body is responding favorably to the workouts. Don't get me wrong, I still struggle to keep up and I have to stop a few times in between counts just to give myself a pep talk -- I have my limits! The classes are hardcore and intense. You will sweat in places you didn't know could produce sweat. You will shake and burn and squeeze and ache, but hopefully in the long run, the work will pay off and you will be neon-pink thong ready in no time. Zumba classes are awesome. They are high energy and sweating to Latin sounds is never dull. I love it. I highly recommend taking some sessions at Physique on 6th. Classes are $10 each!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,4/6/2012,280,248,15,22,19>yes it was Chris' idea to go here, however, saying that - I am so glad I went. The store front is inviting but once you step into the doors...and take a breath....the smell of raw fresh wood and the atmosphere literally take you a step back in time. You feel transported to the old west. Inside is designed with old store fronts, lots of wooden barrels full of goodies and the counter makes you feel like your stepping up to the bar for a drink. All it is missing is wood chips on the floor. There is a cowboy waiting for you to take you on a tour of the many variety of flavors and origins of the store. He is in full cowboy garb and is actually part Cherokee Indian from the Oklahoma territory. I was drawn like glue since my family is Cherokee Indian from around that area as well. We talked about our Indian papers and # while Chris checked out the goods and started filling the basket. There is a really big variety here from wild game, sweet, sweet & hot and really hot stuff. They have everything from alligator to yak, mild to wild and a variety of flavors and styles. They have candy leather and hard candy varieties as well. We even picked up a bar of their beef jerky chocolate bar. Cowboy Dan's makes you feel like your out on the prairie getting ready to hitch up for a cattle drive - so fill your canteens and pack your saddlebags full of jerky and your set! The prices here range so there is a good chance to pick up something no matter what your price range is. It is family owned and they are very welcoming when you step in. Needless to say, as much as Chris loves his jerky.....he was in heaven here. I hope this place takes off big since there is hardly a good jerky place anywhere! If you cannot make it out to the shop (which you should just for ambiance alone) you can always order on line at cowboydansjerky.com
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,4/5/2012,302,356,13,19,17>I've seen so many people check in here and decided to check it out. I called in advance and asked to put our name down, the guy on the line said, you haven't been here before huh? So here is the setup:- Line up- Someone puts a ball of dough through a machine and puts sauce on (if you like) and your choices of cheese- Next person will put an assortment of toppings you choose - or choose one of the premade combinations from the menu.- Pizza will go in the oven, then you pay at the register.- Wait 8-10 min for pizza to cook, and they will call you up to the counter!Lowdown: Freshly made, customized thin crust pie for a great price, $7.50! The decor and system are very "Chipotle-esque" as people have commented. Too bad they don't serve craft beer or wine, that would make this place a great hangout spot. For now though, good place for some yummy pizza in a fast-casual type environment.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/21/2013,780,88,29,33,33>It's like dining in New York without ever having to leave LA!Broadway By Amar Santana is quite the treat. The interior is nicely decorated with touches of New York all over. The art work, brick wall and elegance screams classy. But does the food measure up with the lifestyle? Surprisingly, it does.Chef Amar was the chef at Charlie Palmers inside Bloomingdales at South Coast Plaza. His culinary style has brought him to the heart of Laguna Beach. Located in main Laguna, it is the treasure among Laguna eateries. With options like Nick's Laguna and La Sirena Grill, dining at Broadway was a nice change of pace.Upon entering, the seating layout is quite lovely. The long beach against the brick/faux brick wall is nice. New York artwork against the wall ties everything together with the soft lighting. On the left is the bar with rather Earthy light fixtures youd see at Restoration Hardware. Then there are bar stools along with table in the middle for you to watch the game. Service is amazing. Staff is well groom and well kept. No rude attitude, just friendly and kind service. Love that it feels less ass kissing and more genuine. Water is always refilled without asking while napkins are always put neatly back on the table if you go out for a smoke or to the restroom.Dishes ordered were the Caesar kale salad, scallops, fries, pork belly, bone marrow, charred edamame, grilled skirt steak. The dressing for the salad was tasty. Creamy and complimented the baby kale very nicely. I was leery that it would be overcooked but it was cooked perfect. Fries were cooked to perfection. Pork belly was fully of flavor and didnt disappoint. One of my favorites was the bone marrow. Oh man, this was so yummy. I havent had good bone marrow in a while and i would return just for this. Another one of my favorites was the charred edamame. The execution of charred goodness paired with the citrus flavor and salt tied very well together. These were so addicting and i could swear they were laced with crack. I only had a bite of the skirt steak, and it was cooked medium rare perfectly.Parking is ample but its mostly street or timed parking lots. From my understanding, street parking is free after 8pm. Make reservations if you decide to come here! You MUST order the edamame and bone marrow if you come, i promise they will not disappoint!I have read some interesting articles in the LA Times about how Amar Santana has been serving foie gras illegally. Its been illegal in CA since July 2012 due to the inhumane way of creating and obtaining foie gras. If you don't know how foie gras is made, Google it! But as for that, Amar has stopped serving foie gras. So be happy folks and eat his other great dishes! As for next time? I will get my hands on the hamachi sashimi and oysters. Its a treat, a fancy one at that, but i assure you its all worth it. Until next time Broadway...i look forward to more of your good eats.Check out my Instagram on Broadway and more! @dentalgaymer
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,8/20/2013,193,232,49,58,54>Orange Cafe is a solid little breakfast destination - an upgrade from chain breakfasts at about the same price. Easy to see why every one of my Yelp friends like it!I don't go out to breakfast very often, usually holidays or family occasions - on this morning - party of 7 for my Mom's birthday. Whenever going out with a group there's usually several considerations - in this case, the requirements were food that was kid friendly, good eggs benedict, and easy access for my mom in her wheelchair. Orange Cafe fit the bill perfectly!! According to the reviews they're usually pretty busy, I called ahead and spoke to a very nice lady (didn't get her name), let her know when we were coming and about the wheelchair, she said would have a table table ready. Luckily it wasn't too busy this Saturday morning - when we arrived the perfect table was reserved for my mom to come in easily.The good service continued throughout the morning. As I said, the food is good traditional breakfast food - not gourmet or anything earth shattering - but they do have a few interesting items - Crab eggs benedict, and a white board with a few specials - I chose Chili Benedict from the board.Everyone enjoyed their meal. My sister in law, the eggs benedict lover, gave them a  thumbs up - her kids mowed down their food. I asked for a changes to my mom's breakfast burrito (no salsa, put the avocado on the plate inside, cut in half, and use a ratio that included less egg and more potato) accommodations accomplished! My Chili Benedict: the eggs were poached perfectly. Everyone rates their potatoes highly - I agree - my version included bell pepper and no onion (by request). The chili was middle of the road. Overall the meal was a hit - the eggs were placed on a slightly sweet corn cake that was moist and went perfectly with the savory chili. It was an enjoyable special version of a benedict dish.Yelp scores with another local, independent, HITW discovery!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/19/2013,423,274,16,30,15>Don't judge a business by its 5-star reviews from 1-review yelp*ers... Lesson learned!When this place popped up I immediately sent the link to the hubby and every so often he'd say, "lets go check this place out!" My response? "Well, the reviews don't seem very reliable..." Dude, I was so wrong!!! We went last night... Lots of outdoor patio seating and indoor dining seating as well. Should you decide to dine inside you risk the chance of smelling like food since the open kitchen is right there next to you. We ate outside, and the weather was perfect for doing so. Some time after we had placed our order hubby got a whiff of something cooking and was impressed right away. "Oh, man! Something smells good!!!"Okay, we're on to something if my picky husband is impressed by mere smell...We ordered the torta ahogada, torta de carne asada, carne en su jugo, 2 tacos de carnitas, 2 Dos XX Micheladas, and an horchata. Eventually we ordered 2 tacos al pastor to go. We received our drinks first. Our drink order is a usual one for us, but I had no idea that the Micheladas would be so big. Hubby said they were 32oz ($7-ish?) At the end of our meal, though, I came to the conclusion that the drinks were mainly Clamato and ice, since I wasn't feeling the affects of the beer (I usually do). Hubby said they needed more lime. They came adorned with those huge Chamoy straws that I usually see with my Diabilitos or Mangonadas from across the street.Hubby liked the flavor of the horchata, and my boy finished that first before his tacos. Chips and salsa came out next. Chips were good, nice flavor, not salty at all. Salsa had this great oregano flavor to it. It had a very slight kick of spice. We finished the chips and salsa within minutes. Hubby's torta ahogada came out first. It was a nice portion and was served with pickled red onions and a spicy red salsa. The bread held up really well with all that sauce poured on top. There was a nice serving of carnitas, and they had a good flavor and had that pull-apart, soft texture to it. The sauce that accompanied the torta had that similar oregano flavor to it. Hubby said his mom makes a similar sauce for her tacos sometimes. The carne en su jugo came out next. When I first saw it, not stirred up or having anything else added to it, it sorta-kinda reminded me of the Filipino dish papaitan. I started stirring the soup around and noticed beans, carne asada, and bacon. We added the chopped onions and cilantro, as well as the salsa that came with it. Hubby mentioned that his dad made a soup just like this, but that he called it "bistec ranchero" and that he didn't add the bacon. Hubby left his torta ahogada alone and concentrated on the carne en su jugo. That was clearly his favorite dish of the night! He said the flavors were spot on, and the tortillas that come with were perfect with the soup. My torta de carne asada came out next. I'm used to having tortas with refried beans and avocado, but maybe their style of tortas don't include that. Carne asada was plentiful and had good pieces of meat (only spit out 3 fatty pieces).  Shredded lettuce, tomato slices, pickled jalapeño, and mayo and mustard completed the sandwich. Oh! And the bread! Nice and crusty on the outside and soft on the inside! Perfect! I finished the whole sandwich, after cutting it in half. My boy enjoyed his plain carnitas tacos with no complaints. We were wondering why the easiest meal to prepare came out last, but they told us something like it needed more time to prepare. My mother in law inhaled her tacos de pastor. She said they were really good and that they were worth the wait (she called us to see when we'd be home with her grub, lol). Our order came out to $51, tip included, and we paid with plastic. When our card was returned, hubby signed on a mini iPad and had our receipt texted to him. You're given the option of keeping a tab for your next visit.Hubby had the chance to speak with one of the owners while my boy and I went to the restroom (spacious and well kept, btw). They truly are a family-owned, family-run business. Nowadays, these kinds of businesses really need to be supported!!! The lady he spoke with was very nice and she really appreciates the yelp* reviews. The family is not yet accustomed to the whole restaurant spiel, although they do work hard and try their best to accommodate. They were pretty floored last Friday, feeling like chickens with their heads cut off, but they did their best. Remember, they're a family first, trying to live the dream. Some food items might not be available after certain times, as our waiter had to check to see on a few occasions if menu items were still available. They house specialty, the carne en su jugo, is a favorite (that was one of the items that had to be checked on) and some people bring their pots in to bring this stuff home. They do need at least a day in advance to prepare, though! We'll be back for sure!!!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/18/2013,488,258,14,17,15>We finally got around to trying this little Thai place we've seen dozens of times while driving past it on State College.  It was well worth the wait!We were greeted and seated in a nice little booth and we noted that the restaurant itself was very pretty, and seemingly very clean as well. We were two of less than a dozen diners around 7-ish in the evening, and they were playing instrumental renditions of popular songs over the speakers.We opted for the fresh spring rolls, and they didn't disappoint, despite the fact that I'm not usually crazy about iceberg lettuce in anything. Yummy sauce!I opted for my go-to when trying new Thai places, the Pad Thai with shrimp. This was very tasty, eggy, and not overly sweet. The shrimp were moist and cooked just right.  The man ordered the noodle stew/soup that had all kinds of stuff in it, fish balls, pork, chicken - and it looks as though he enjoyed every bit of it :)We also ordered the fresh coconut milk, served in the coconut, and it was just delightful - cold, refreshing, and a perfect addition to our meal.  The service here is top-notch, with the ladies checking on us, refilling water and soda frequently, and the price was veryyyy nice too, about $32 for all that we ordered. We'll be back soon :)
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,8/17/2013,99,271,18,25,19>What I love  This place has one of the best Seafood Chao (porridge) and Cha Ca Thang Long (sizzling fish with dill and onions).  I always get the number 1 special chao, Excluding Chicken, so just regular seafood chao.  They give you a huge bowl with calamari, fresh fish, and shrimp.   What's cool about this dish is that they throw in the seafood in fresh to order and let the heat from the porridge cook the seafood.  That way, the calamari doesn't get too chewy and the fish is SUPER tender and the shrimp just right.  If I'm feeling extra hungry, I'll order extra crispy chinese donut and use it to dip with the porridge.  You can also add a raw egg or a Black egg.  Both are good but completely different in consistency.  Don't be afraid of the "thousand year old egg" it's not really a thousand years old, it's just preserved.  The black part is like jello and the yolk is still creamy but in a thicker consistency.  Color might be a gross factor for the squeamish.    -The Cha Ca dish I definitely recommend just because the dish is super tastey with tumeric, the fish taste fresh with slices of raw onions and dill that are being cooked right in from of you with the super hot cast iron.  The dish is oily and greasy but taste soo freakin good becuae the onions and dill soaks up the flavors.  The dish also includes a huge plate of veggies and buon, rice noodles.  My recommendation is to put a little bit of buon, a bit of veggies, and put the sizzling fish and onions in your bowl.  While the flavors infuse onto the buon and veggies, add in a drop or two of nguoc mam, fish sauce. Hmmm Hm!What I hate1. This place is soo FREAKING dirty and gross.  We chose our own table and it was sticky with streak marks all over it.  Ughhhh2. Bad customer service (one should be used to it with asian restaurant)3. You come out really smelly, not matter if it's just porridge
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,8/16/2013,291,119,19,20,19>Sake 2 Me really needs to live up to their name and sock it to me hard with a better and wider selection of rice wine.  How on Japan are you going to name a place like that with only 3 different varieties?  You simply don't unless you can back it up, and back it up they can with their all you can eat menu.A little background history for the non-locals; this joint used to be a horrible Japanese restaurant called Tokyo Lobby.  The layout hasn't changed since the new ownership except for the flat screens posted throughout the dining area.  Honestly, I think they retained the same sushi chefs since the menu is identical to what it was before.  The only reason this place shines is their AYCE menu.  Surprisingly, they wrap their sushi nice and tight with no breakage.  Some all you can eat spots like Todai are like hookers.  They just keep putting out loose and messy rolls without a care in the world what others think.  And then there's Sake 2 Me, a step above the rest.  Elegantly rolled, portioned with more fish than rice, they know how to treat new and returning clients alike.  My only drawback is that their rolls are mainly California-based, with a weak selection of nigiri.  Basically, all they roll are California rolls spruced up with spicy tuna, salmon, shrimp or albacore and a dash of masago.  No hamachi, uni, or toro or any other type of delicate fish except for what's popular and abundant and I can understand why since it would make it them unprofitable. Notable items and what makes me a fan are their fried oysters in dynamite sauce, wonton taco apps, unagi nigiri, spider, hot night, and shrimp lover rolls.  To mention, their salmon and tuna nigiris are jacked with a double long cut and a pinch of rice.Service is average.  The wait is about 15 minutes per order which I don't mind since it allows me to relax before the next round.  You don't want to go fast only to disappoint and ruin your appetite.  Take it slow, recoup, and graciously handle the next round all over again. Sake 2 Me, keep it clean and wrap it up tight because I'll be back with a lustfully bigger craving.*3.5 stars rounded up to 4.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/15/2013,1170,285,20,30,26>Every time spring or summer rolls around the corner there seems to be tons of new boba/tea, frozen yogurt, or ice cream shops that opens up in every vacant spot heading down Westminster or Brookhurst.Craved Tea House is no exception, but I'm not hating because the drinks here are good! I don't find it too sweet, but for those not fond of sweetness like I am, then ask for less sugar in your drink.My drink of choice is always the Cloud & Mistea. I can't recall the blend of teas, but there was guava and lychee jelly (which I always substitute with aloe vera). One mention of guava and I'm sold! It's refreshing and fruity! For something even more refreshing (more of a summer drink) get the Summer Breeze. Tons of watermelon to keep you peeing all night! Drinks come in one size. It's basically the same size as Tastea's gigantic (the medium one)...wish they had a smaller size so that I could save some calories..For those who never had the opportunity to write on walls when you were a kid...well, ballz out. There's a bucket of sharpies on the counter for your tagging pleasure. What a great time to channel your inner gangster tagging abilities.The place is pretty small--L-shaped and hard to maneuver with a couple of tables and cushioned ottomans along the "write all you want" wall. For those sitting on the ones facing the ordering counter...you get a great view of everyone's a**, but that's a very dangerous spot to sit, my friends (if you know what i mean). Haha.The employees here are always very kind, sweet, and cheery. They're pretty fast and always helpful.Note: I'm unsure about the accuracy of their business hours listed here on Yelp. I stopped by one night to grab a drink to only find it's door closed. Everything was pitch black. As a matter of fact, the whole plaza was pitch black--scary. Anyhow, Yelp said that it was open until 11 pm and it wasn't. It makes me really hesitant to drive out there again wondering if they are or not open. So...maybe someone can clarify their hours of operation the next time they drop by. Thanks!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/14/2013,1027,405,23,23,26>You know that white stuff that falls from the sky in winter? And what Lady Gaga calls her fans..her little monsters..combine them together and you get Snow Monster.  When I first came here, I was lost.  Here's a little tip, it's on Bolsa directly across from Pho Thanh.  Park in the Luc Dinh Ky plaza and walk along the street going towards Brookhurst.  There are a few tables outside with tea lamps that are so cute when lit.Shaved ice is so good here.  I had my first experience with shaved ice years ago at Tea Station, but now, it's just around the corner!  Seems like this is the latest addition to boba, yogurt, and now shaved ice!  We opted for Taro shaved ice with peanut butter and chocolate syrup.  Added in some coconut jelly and strawberries.  You can pick as much as you want, but it will cost you a bit more for each additional topping.  A large size can be shared for two people or maybe one if you have a ginormous appetite.They have a smaller size, but the larger size is definitely worth the money.  We also shared the waffle ice scream, which was amazing.  I loved it.  It was soft and a little crunchy.  Perfect combination with ice cream.  Which, if you guessed it..came from Thrifty's, the iconic brand of ice cream found at Rite Aid.  There are different flavors as well.  They also sell macarons, which I didn't try yet. They also have games like Jenga, cards, Connect Four..I'd say there are about 4 tables inside, and a couple outside.  Seating can be hard especially at night because it does get busy.  I also liked the fact that Kathy, the owner, comes out and gives blankets to patrons sitting outside.  I thought that was such a special touch.  The decor is very cute and service is excellent.  I definitely would recommend this place and I will be back.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/13/2013,880,554,17,22,18>Such an unassuming little deli located among a huge industrial complex. But I imagined that it was a business center favorite considering how busy it was for a weekday afternoon.  I luckily was able to secure my order before the mad lunch rush with the line out the door. Whew... Sue's Chicken-Avocado Caprese was definitely the star at this small mom n' pop shop and for good reason. The fresh mozzarella combined with the tender and moist chicken between two light and fluffy pieces of bread- absolutely delightful! Though, I do think that the 1/2 sandwich 1/2 salad is a better bargain. The southwest salad paired with the local favorite sandwich will certainly be a hit. Yee-ha!Check out photos and my food journey here!yubargainrockstar.wordpr…
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/12/2013,474,495,67,75,71>Decided we didn't want to do the regular Sunday trek to the Great Park, so Yelp found us a trail that was relatively close to home.  Even though the Yelp direction have you going to the corner of Jeronimo and Via San Fernando, the actually start of the trail is off of Marguerite on Veteran's Way (24932 Veterans Way) and there is relatively large parking lot near the start of the trail.  If you take Jeronimo to Via San Fernando, you are only going to have street parking available and the access puts you into the middle of the trail.  The trail itself is well marked ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ) with direction signs ( yelp.com/biz_photos/oso-… ) and quarter mile markers spaced out at regular intervals along the trail.  There is also a map ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ) of the trail at the starting point.  There seems to be some confusion regarding the total distance of the trail, but the route we took covered just under (2) miles.  There also several trash cans, benches, a few drinking fountains along the trail and some doggy bad stations (please pick up after your dog, quite a few people didn't and that is just wrong!).  Sadly, some people could be bothered to use the trash tans, as we found some litter on the trail and I wouldn't recommend using the fountains (bring your own water), since they didn't look like anyone had cleaned or conducted maintenance on them in quite awhile.Rohlinism:  Everyone has the right to enjoy the great outdoors!  Seeing trash and dog waste on the trail takes away some of the enjoyment.  The trail has a fair amount of shade and on this day there was a nice breeze blowing which kept the temperature very comfortable.  Some of thing on the trail are a garden maze, Peace obelisk ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ) and a Celebration Garden among other features.  There is also a decent amount of flora and fauna ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ) to look at during your walk.  The trail is beginner level, there aren't many challenges here (I only remember (2) inclines), so you don't need to be athletically inclined to walk this trail.  There is a significant amount of human and dog traffic on the trail, so it is probably a good idea to keep your four legged friends on a shorter lead while walking the trail.  There was also at least one sign posted warning of coyotes and we found a dead cottontail rabbit along the trail so be aware all the wildlife may not necessarily be friendly.  Kaya really enjoyed all the new smells and being at a new location.  Dogs need different kinds of stimulation or they can get bored and this trail was just the ticket.  It was sad to see some of the littering going on and at least one shopping cart dumped into the creek at about the 3/4 mile mark.  I would like to see the country do some maintenance of the fountains and clean of some of the mess on the trail (or in the creek), but otherwise this is a great way to spend part of a day.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,3/11/2011,940,332,26,30,30>Some say it's all about the Xoi Ga Chien Don, which was phenomenal, I might add!But, for me, the Bo Luc Lac (Shaking Beef)  with a toasty baguette on the side was what made my heart skip a beat! Served with a side of crisp watercress salad, this dish was a tantalizing experience for all my senses! Soon after our server brought out the freshly toasted baguette, I could smell the aroma of freshly baked bread. I quickly broke its crisp and flaky crust with my greedy hands. The inside was dense with adequate filling but still soft and fluffy. I couldn't wait to dip it into the irresistible  "shaking beef" sauce. It was robust with the most enticing buttery and garlicky flavor that had me wiping my plate squeaky clean with my pieces of bread! Our server kindly brought out another baguette seeing that the first was devoured almost instantly! And yes, I licked my plate. The beef glistened on the table with the most beautiful color and the textures were off the charts! The meat was very tender and soft. I bit into it like it was soft butter. No knives necessary here, folks! The chicken was fried to a crispy golden texture. It was lightly battered leaving a thin crispy skin like Peking duck.  But the inside was moist and flavorful! The sticky rice triangles were equally crisp on the outside, but upon breaking them open, the inside was sticky, and chewy. Mmmmm. The perfect consistency for sticky rice! The garlic dipping sauce was very addictive. With chunks of fresh garlic and a bold, tangy flavor, I found myself dipping everything into it! For dessert, I had the flan, which was velvety smooth with just the right amount of caramel to satisfy my sweet tooth :)Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by this little Vietnamese-French bistro. Nestled away in an unassuming part of Little Saigon, I may not have found it without the assistance of my trusty Yelp app! The food was marvelous, the service was attentive and prompt, and the atmosphere had a French flare that was charming, yet cozy and comforting. I would like to come back next time and perhaps sample their delicious breakfast offerings!Here's to tasty new discoveries!Recommended: Bo Luc Lac (Shaking Beef) with a baguette and Xoi Ga Chien Don ( Fried Sticky Rice & Chicken)Happy Eats!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,3/10/2011,280,248,17,21,19>I am not - by any means - a sandwich lover. I would rather have soup instead. When walking into the Deli Licious, I was impressed with the friendly atmosphere...everyone (I mean the employees) coming out and talking with you in such a friendly "sit down at my table" atmosphere. The place was small and quaint with small benches to bring a couple together instead of individual chairs....I have to say that I was enjoying myself at this yelpfest get together. We ordered and sat down to await our sammiches - chatting with Chadams and Michael (two of our favorite peeps) and out came our sandwiches. While I talked and visited, I absent mindedly bit into my Italian sandwich and WOW - this friggin sandwich is A-mazing!!! I really didn't believe when everyone said that this sandwich was a signature and the best here.....Oh my gosh, all talking stopped for me, I was in love with this sandwich and ate every bite in wonder. It really was an amazing flavor of garlic, and all the other stuff that they piled onto this sandwich to make it a lil bit of heaven in a meal. Sorry, I couldn't even get to the other half of my chicken caprese sandwich....after one bite of the Italian, there was no room for any other sandwich for me! Downer is that this place isn't open on the weekend and since it isn't anywhere near my work it is hard to make it by there. The good thing - when everyone was done with thier meal, they passed around a big bowl of home made chocolate cookies....on the house - OH YEAH!Glad I got to visit on this all important event....simply deli-cious, simply Divine!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,3/9/2011,468,276,24,24,24>Despite the terrible mishaps in the past years (of 2009 and 2010) like the oil spill in the Gulf, the sinkhole in Guatemala, the earthquake in Haiti, Bieb-fever, Kanye vs Taylor and Miley being top 3rd searched in the Yahoo search engine, allow me to deflect the momentum of negative force and help society's mental recovery with an amusing review about Gyu Kaku (GK)Very advantageous to my numerous wants GK is and I cannot recall a moment I was disatisfied. Happy hour is where it's at here. But then again, it's happy hour 1130a-6p (or I still think so from the last time I've been). Want number 1: Modestly set up in a business area where it would be unassuming to run into such a find. As you will see from outside, it's looks practical. Free from vanity. Once you go through the door, a world of culture engulfs you.Want number 2:More like a personal want that's satisfied. Proximity. Unless you're a troll under my stairs and I don't know about it... Want number 3: Food. The bulk of reasons which is Yelp's usual selling attribute. Happy hour food here is the bees knees. I no longer need a menu, Beef Harami, Broccoli, Beef Yakishabu, Calamari and Saporro is where it's at. What's even better? You throw em' on the grill yourselves and make it a productive social experience for everyone. If you're sometimes lazy like yours truly, those will be days you'd want to bring a lady friend or so. It will definitely rouse their gatherer instincts and they'll think it's fun playing chef. I kid about that last part... But you can already tell I'm a class clown. Spoiler alert, domestic beer on happy hour is a buck.Want number 4:Customer service. If you've read some of my reviews, I LOVE good customer service. I love the interaction, I love knowing whether the wait staff is proficient and well versed in their craft, I love being the recipient of a systematic step-by-step customer service musts and most of all, I LOVE BEING CATERED TO. It's why I like going to sit down restaurants. I'll pay the extra bones to be treated like Quincy Jones. I get it there systematically everytime. From greeting, wait staff introduction, menu introduction, drinks and appetizers, and throughout till bringing the check. At the end, they respectfully ask you if you would be "so kind" to tally out your experience there. I oblige. All. The. Time...Want number 5: Price. Yes, price. A dollar in domestic beer, less than $2 for a Sapporo, Calamari at $2.50, Bistro Harami at $5... C'mon, you're still thinking? Am I still "trying" to convince you? *Scoff* Little to none left can be said about GK if you have read other reviews. At four-hundred and sixty something reviews and a four star average, the waters have been tested. This place is above average. A blue whale amidst a school of fish. Gee Fortunato, that's a bold statement... The stats don't lie darling, a bad experience here is rare. If you're a dude, replace "darling" with your choice of bromantic preference in my last statement. Now that I've distracted you from the past years' traumatic experiences, I'd like to direct your attention to the turmoil in Egypt...I kid, I kid...
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,3/8/2011,340,156,13,17,15>Shame on me for neglecting my yelping duties. I paid The Donuttery a visit a few months ago after seeing a friend post a picture of the famed blueberry donut on her facebook. Blueberry donuts within a closer vicinity and without the wait? I'm there!  In my opinion, I'd say the blueberry donuts at The Donuttery are just as good as M&M's and perhaps less dense (or less cake-nutty) which I actually prefer.What was more pleasing to me at The Donuttery though was their sandwich, er, bagelwich menu. Item #12, the Goldie Lox, was what caught my eye. I have been on the search for a good bagel with lox since my last trip to New York. They certainly do not skimp on the lox here and although it didn't quite compare to New York, The Donuttery probably has one of the best bagel and lox that I've had in Orange County. Hooray!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,3/7/2011,73,92,7,10,10>I paid my third visit to Johnny's last night and for the first time ever I think I got the "regulars" nod from the bartender. It wasn't the "Norm" from Cheers sort of welcome but he did recognize us. Kind of cool. He even indicated that we didn't need to show ID as he remembered us from the last time.This is not the kind of place to hang out and watch the game but for a relaxed drink with friends, it's pretty damn good. It's got a Goth, bordello, and dark sort of décor but even for a "square" like me I felt pretty comfortable. The lighting is very dark but that's what adds to the chill sort of vibe. One thing that also stands out for me is their choice of tunes, you aint getting no pop or top 40 here. The only down side for me is that they don't offer any draft beer. I don't mind bottled beer but for a bar I would even go with domestic light if offered on draft. My drink of choice here is some Slavic beer called Karlovacko, kind of a bizarre offer but you get the long neck for a decent price $4.50This is now on my 'regular' list when hanging out with the Mayor of HB.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,3/6/2011,587,527,14,19,16>When im sick i crave weird things. And this time a cheesy pizza with garlic bread sounded yummy!Now where to find such a tasty pizza. To my yelp app i go. Dominos and pizza hut are totally out of the question (yuck) and papa johns is pretty tasty but expensive! And thats when i saw it (cue in the heavenly music) Papa Pilo's Pizza. Reading some of the reviews i knew that this was the place i wanted to order my pizza from and to make it even better there was a check in offer (score).  Ordered an xtra large cheese and canadian bacon pizza and a half order of garlic bread (thanks to the friendly gal on the phone for telling me that the full order would feed 8 people eepies). She told me my order would be ready in 15minutes (awesome). So ive been sick and this would be my first time venturing out into the great world (aka cabin fever has finally set in). Decided to go a little early to also rent a movie (the video store i usually go to is right next door too...)  Pizza place has plently of parking. Soooo.....Got my movies...CheckOn my way to get my yummi dinner.. starting not to feel so good.. Darn you cold bug!!!!  Pizza better be ready! The place is on the smaller side with some booths and tables. Love the red and white checkered tablecloths that they have. Staff is friendly and greet you as you walk in. The menu had alot to offer which is nice, just not pizza. They have salads, sandwich, and even dessert . For my XL pizza and garlic bread the total was $ 11.92 (with the discount) WOW cheaper then all those pizza chains! Now let me tell you about the pizza. Thick crust, full of cheesy goodness with thick slices of CB. The sauce is tasty and not bland at all. The XL is just that HUGE!! Im happy to have left overs for the next couple of days!!The garlic bread was the perfect size and just enough. Definitely will be coming back again soon!!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,3/5/2011,971,1413,8,13,8>Truly authentic!  My favorite aspect about this place?  You can order things by the piece!  I wish all sushi restaurants did this because it allows you to try sooo many more things and mix and match.Let's see how many times I use the word "creamy and fresh" in my descriptions...Red snapper: seasoned with fresh yuzu and sea salt.  i almost didn't get this because i'm not a huge fan of red snapper, but my friends convinced me that it was worth trying, and it was!  highly recommended!Yellowtail: creamy and fresh.Salmon: topped with bonito flakes.  this was pretty typical.Sweet shrimp: large, plump, and sweet.Uni: perfect.  creamy, smooth, fresh without the foul-taste of anus. Seared toro: it was like eating butter. Hamahama Oyster: it was fresh, but i wasn't in love with this.  i prefer smaller-sized oysters, and this one was larger and on the saltier side with a bolder taste.Bluecrab handroll: finally!!!  a sushi place besides "Sushi Wasabi" that offers bluecrab handroll.. and it was delicious - delicate crabmeat mixed with just the right amount of mayo and filled with lots of sliced cucumbers and a large chunk of avocado.What shocked me the most was my bill - it came out to no more than $30... what the (not that I mind).
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,3/4/2011,1059,357,20,25,21>When on Rockfield Blvd at the Lake Forest triangle of my food favorites, I am often faced with the dilemma of choosing between The Hat, Albatros and Mr. Pickles.  When I am not too particularly concerned about the state of my arteries, I choose the Hat.  I mean, come on people, you can get chili fries with pastrami on top here.  I have yet to try that, but the pastrami dip, oh, the pastrami dip.  I have no idea what makes the soft roll soggy on the pastrami dip.  Is it the gigantic mound of  of pastrami on the bread, the juice from the pastrami, the grease?  I really don't care.  That sandwich is what made the Hat famous and it is so good.  Be warned the small order of fries here can feed a small family and the order of onion rings is like bucket of onion rings.   Considering the pastrami sandwich is quite large, if you order a side of fries or onion rings, it is a LOT of food.  To top it all off, you can get Orange Bang here.  Happy pastramying :)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,3/3/2011,402,355,8,11,12>Did you know I love Downtown Santa Ana? In case you weren't sure, I do. And here's one of the newest reasons why.$1.50 empanadas! Stuffed with ham and cheese! These little guys are more than enough to fill ya up if you're in need of a little meal.My friends and I came here for lunch a few weeks ago, and lucky for us it's walking distance from our apartment. It was just us and maybe 1 or 2 other people inside, and the owner came right up to us when we walked in.Along with the empanadas we each got a sandwich. I went for the ham & cheese since the empanadas were so yummy. My sandwich was a decent size, I could only eat 3/4 of it and ended up giving the rest to one of the friends I was with. We also got 2 of the pastries, one was a cookie with caramel sandwiched between them, and the other was a croissant type pastry with the same caramel inside. The owner informed us that he buys the pastries from a local bakery, and when my friend asked if they would be getting the mini sandwiched cookies back anytime soon, he said he could get some for her. So rad.Definitely need to come back here for some more empanadas soon... I kinda want to take a bunch of them home and curl up on my couch & have an empanada party!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,3/2/2011,244,96,9,13,12>When I lived up in the bay area, gourmet butchers and specialty food stores were located on every corner it seemed. I was thrilled to move back down to my home sweet home, but my recently-developed taste for good cuts of meat was left hanging out to dry (get it?). That is, until I found the meat house. Quality and selection-wise, this place is as good as any I've encountered. Price-wise it is comparable. My favorite products here are the dry aged steaks, the huge selection of salumi (including wild boar salami--incredible), and the cheeses. I wouldn't be able to put together a perfect insalata caprese without the authentic buffalo mozzarella that they sell here. The service is impeccable. It's impossible to walk in here and not be met with a friendly smile and the answer to your questions. Having a vegetarian girlfriend has caused me to cut down on my meat intake lately, but when I indulge, I indulge right with quality stuff like this. As good as it gets.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,11/10/2014,171,165,15,23,20>I'm giving 4+ stars, but I think this could easily be a 5 star location. This wine bar has just opened, but it has a great feel to it. The walls are all exposed red brick. The ceiling is 18-20 feet high. There is a lot of natural light.  There are different seating options, from high tops, to the bar, to regular tables to a lounge area. The location is interesting and adds to the charm. It's in an alleyway behind the Santora building. The alley connects the plaza where Lola Gaspar is located to the open-air parking lot next to Chapter One. You walk down this alley, like approaching a speakeasy, and then you enter this open, modern, inviting space.  And the feeling is "wow."The wine list is quite decent, and reasonably priced with by-the-glass and bottle options. They also have several beers on tap, but that is not their focus. The food menu includes tapas, entrees, etc.  The pastas sounded good. As we were headed to dinner elsewhere, we only tried the Pastrami Spring Rolls. Very interesting and tasty with a killer mustard aioli. Reasonable prices. I am excited about this wine bar. It feels like a place I want to come back to and hang out.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/9/2014,132,315,23,27,26>Admittedly, I've only been to Al Forno Caffe for Happy Hour (so far), so I feel I should disclaim that right away.But what a delightful Happy Hour it was!  It's offered M-F, 4-7pm.  A reasonable list of wines normally priced $5-$8 can be had for 1/2 off (!!!), a few (three, I believe) pizza choices are only $5, and a few cocktails such as a mimosa or bellini are also available at 1/2 price.My Yelp buddies and I sampled several glasses of wine and a variety of pizzas.  They all were good, but the Pesto Pizza with sun-dried tomatoes, pancetta, goat cheese, and walnut pesto was exceptional!The owner stopped by our table to chat with us for a bit.  He hasn't been in the restaurant business long, but he really wants to do everything he can to make his customers happy!I'm looking forward to coming back for free corkage Mondays!Note: All pastas and pizzas can be prepared gluten free.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,11/8/2014,776,138,76,93,92>After bookmarking The Playground just after they first opened, which was years ago... I finally had the chance to find out for myself what all the hype was about. The best part was that I was met there by 4 other Yelpers (Jennifer L, Marvel Z, Paul L, and Curtis C) who had all previously dined there. Total score! It was a night of great food and even better company... The Playground is located in downtown Santa Ana. No need to worry, it's not as sketchy as the media would have you believe. There were plenty of parking spaces in a lot just behind the restaurant and in a structure across the street from it. The restaurant space itself is smaller than I'd imagined, but that just makes for a more inviting space. We started the night off with:Kurobuta Belly Steam Bun: 5*A steamed bun filled with delicious pork belly, guacamole and slices of radish. Wow! These tiny things pack a delectable punch! When they first arrived at the table I was afraid that the guacamole and pork belly wouldn't go well together, but after my first bite I knew why Chef Quinn doesn't allow substitutions. He's put together some interesting combinations and doesn't want you to mess with his genius!Pan Roasted Wild Mushrooms: 5*Mushrooms with pickled ramps (wild onions only in season for 6 weeks) ramp top purée and a slow egg. Another great dish! We were lucky enough to have them with ramps, which Paul seemed super excited about. Hehe. If you like mushrooms, you'll love this dish. It was very light and earthy. A nice departure from the fatty pork we had previous and a great palate cleanser for what was to come. Roasted Bone Marrow: 4*Bone marrow accompanied by spring onion jam, arugula, shaved shallots and grilled bread. Holy moly that bread was drenched in butter! I love butter, but it may have been just a bit much with the rich marrow. I should have had some arugula with it, but was too busy talking or listening to care. My own fault for not having this the way it was intended. Darn my fellow yelpers for being such great company that I fumbled this dish. Uncle Lou's Fried Chicken: 4*No explanation necessary! If you need one you're not ready!Fried pieces of chicken, pretty much soaked in vinegar. Yep! You read that right. Odd, yet inconceivably good. Just try it!Pan Roasted Duck Breast: 5*Served with fava and red fresno succotash, purple cauliflower purée, confit blackberry and roasted blackberry jus. Another perfectly cooked and perfectly executed dish. Not sure everyone enjoyed it as much as I did, but it was absolutely delicious. The Playground Hamburger: 4*An off menu staple that included cheese (shouldn't it be called a cheeseburger then?)  It was simply dressed with lettuce and mustard. I was told, by Paul, that they had changed it a bit since he last consumed one. Though it was tasty, it wasn't perfect. The power of suggestion made it taste almost like a Big Mac... Thanks a lot Curtis! ;p Black Mission Fig Toffee Sticky Pudding: 4*Great dessert! Not too terribly sweet or buttery. Honey Coconut Panna Cotta: 3*Served with berries, mint and white chocolate.  We also had two dishes almost unworthy of mentioning: Grilled Octopus & Mazemen Ramen. Not a single one of us liked these dishes. They still need a bit of improvement, but I have no doubt that they will be improved upon. Before you dine here just know there are absolutely NO substitutions! Just put your trust in their hands and you'll leave completely satisfied. Not all dishes will be a hit for all, but the love, care and thought put into each dish presented to you is evident the moment you set eyes on your plate. I give this place 5 stars simply because there aren't many restaurants in OC doing what they do. A menu that changes by the fresh ingredients they acquire... More restaurants should take this approach to cooking! Plus, they don't charge for corkage. Yes, you read that correctly... NO corkage! Get here and get here soon, then go again because they'll always have something new to try.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,11/7/2014,385,312,29,33,32>One of the biggest SWEET BUZZ for the summer is Popbar. With all the postings on my social media, you can bet I've been itching to check it out. I purposely picked a non-peak time to peruse through The Packing House. I didn't want long lines and claustrophobia to skew my judgment. First destination, Popbar! Luckily, there were only five people ahead of me and wait time was about 10 minutes. Phew!  With every pop being customized, I can see why the line can drag. Decisions decisions.  My POP of choice was PISTACHIO (one of their top sellers)--$5.39 for 1 pop of choice with unlimited chocolate  and toppings.  --it's packed with fresh wholesome flavors. --smooth and creamy. Good stuff--half dipped milk chocolate with waffle cone and pistachio. Bam! Happy with my creation. --bummed that my pop wasn't dipped very nicely. Too thick and chocolate fell off towards the end. --CAUTION: melts fastSo, is it worth it? YES! It taste good, refreshing and made with fresh ingredients. It's a great addition to the cafeteria style concept and very eye CATCHING! Kids and adults enjoy it.  It serves it purpose!I'd have to say, it's probably NOT worth it if you have to wait beyond 30 minutes. The hype turns into annoyance. Assembly line could use a little improvement. The rate limiting factor was the dipping process. There was ample staff and only one dipping station, why?Perhaps, adding a 2nd dip station,  then two people can order at the same time. That will help move the line twice as fast.  In a perfect world,  customers could create their pop and  pay through cyber space (aka electronically), then stand in line to pick up their order."Wouldn't that be nice....." from the Beach Boys.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,11/6/2014,209,311,17,21,22>I LOVE sandwiches!  In fact building them was my first job some 30 odd years ago. I like to think that I was good at my job, but these people certainly put my sandwich building skills to shame.  I have had Cortinas bookmarked for quite some time, and today was my lucky day.  Easy to find with plenty of additional parking in the rear of the building. I actually felt kinda sorry for the Tummy Stuffer a couple of doors down, as they looked quite deserted. We must of got here at just the right time, because a line formed behind us making its way out of the front door, and the line never went down the whole time we were there.I went with the all American sandwich, which is made up of roast beef turkey ham American and provolone cheese. Dressed with mayonnaise lettuce tomatoes and pickle.  My husband went with the Russo Special which is basically a Cortina special Italian cold cuts, heated and topped with peppers and onions.  Both sandwiches served on the most amazing crusty French bread.  I was feeling in a  salad kind of mood instead of having a bag of chips. Their green salad was huge and nicely topped with cheese, tomatoes, olives, and a great big chunk of rosemary focaccia.Folks, I can't say enough how good these sandwiches were.  I am a big time fan, and will return here for sure!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,11/5/2014,166,65,25,27,26>I better stop it. I needed to order a smoked fish platter for an upcoming event and Yelp, plus a few friends said I should use Katella Deli. To assess their veracity as a jewish-style deli, I would need to try a few things of course: chicken soup (matzoh ball or kreplach), chopped liver, the smoked fishes on bagels (of course), corned beef, pastrami, a rueben sand, rye bread, blintzes, knockwurst, pickles, coleslaw, rugelach, sticky buns, babka and maybe a cookie or two. Nothing too caloric, artery hardening or thigh-padding!"On my first visit to start the evaluation, I went with the combo sandwich after much deliberation. The menu is very long, it's not cheap but it's not BH prices either.  I wished I had a bigger stomach because I had a hankering for soup and sandwich, but since the sandwich came with pickles and a side of slaw and I could get one half corned beef and one half pastrami it would be *more* than sufficient.  I got the pastrami side with swiss and the entire combination was grilled lightly. That's just another way to toast the bread and take the chill off the meet. The pastrami is very, very, very good. Not too salty/peppery but a very nice combination of flavor. Very moist, properly sliced and melt-in-your-mouth jewish goodness.  The corned beef, which is usually my favorite, was also very good, but there was something about the pastrami that won out. If you're curious about what actually is corned beef, click here FYI: culinaryarts.about.com/o…The slaw: just like my mom taught me, which means it was right. Just a hint of vinegar and sugar, mayo, S & P, two colors of cabbage and carrot. We would add celery or caraway seed, but that's probably a family thing.   The pickles were good enough.  I won't get the platter for another week so I'll update then.  I am disappointed that they don't do whitefish salad. Here's the thing about the service. I was greeted quickly by two hosts; I would guess one was Jewish and one was not. The young man, even after me saying to him I was looking forward to having some good Jewish food because it's been a long time since, recommends everything other than the items on my hit list above. My hit list is a pretty traditional. I looked at him a little sideways, made a joke of it and his counter part says "he's still in training."  She completely got it.   The table service was very efficient and helpful and the food came fast.  Still smiling about the meal because, because, because  I only ate half of my sandwich and brought the rest home for a repeatable treat!! Yay!I did a little bakery window-shopping but will indulge on my next visit.  Maybe. Next up will be the platter and I may just update my order and add a pastrami /corned beef one too!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,11/4/2014,507,423,21,28,26>I took my friend here because she's Vietnamese but born in France so I thought this would be a perfect spot for her since this is french-vietnamese cuisine.This place is a mom and pop-ish shop that's no fuss. There's a counter of hot foods that you can pick and choose from for to-go orders or you can sit down and dine, which is what we did.We ordered:Crispy Chicken w/ Red Rice - Mmm red rice! And the crispy chicken was soo crispy and good. It came with this sauce that was garlicky and gravy-ish. You can also request garlic potatoes over the rice, but I love red rice.Meat Ball with Bread - I completely thought this was something else but this was a giant meat ball siu mai (viet style) in a bowl of broth. If you've eaten 7 Courses of Beef, this is the same siu mai meat ball except in a broth. I never liked this too much because of the abundances of peppercorns.You will get plenty of fresh bread and butter with your meal and it's hot and yummy!REALLY affordable prices but it's CASH ONLY.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,11/3/2014,526,808,19,21,20>Linbrook Bowl is the bomb.com. Yes, I seriously just said that. But this place is amazing. Like really great. Love it!My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday evening spur of the moment. We had different plans for said Thursday evening, but sometimes things don't work out as planned, so we came to Linbrook to get our bowling on since it's literally five minutes from his work. Monday-Thursday they have "happy hour bowling" until 6pm. At $2 a game plus rentals (~$2 per shoe pair), you really can't go wrong. After 6pm, prices jump to $4 a game, which is still a great deal. You can also rent a lane by the hour. $12/hour per lane before 6pm, $20/hour after 6pm (at least M-Th). I'm not sure what the prices are on the weekend days. Bowling here is a blast to like 1980. They have old school computers that you can see your score. No TV's at all. Lanes are basic. So basic, they may need updating soon. Our lane kept needing to be reset, which was a hassle (our bowling balls kept getting stuck and sometimes pins wouldn't reset on their own). Not a big deal though. We got in two fun games of bowling before we were done. While here, we also ordered a pizza at their diner. A medium pizza was about $9 and it came with 8 slices. The pizza was seriously good. I loved it. I had leftover slices for lunch the next day and it made good leftovers too. While the bowling alley is open 24 hours, the diner is only open til 10pm. I'm sure they'd do good business if they were open all hours for the people who want midnight or 3am munchies. The diner also serves breakfast foods and other staples like fries, burgers, etc. Linbrook also has karaoke, which I heard is fun. They also have a full bar with cheap drinks. Someday soon I'll have to try both the karaoke and the drinks.Overall, great place to have some cheap fun!Cheers!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/2/2014,231,963,18,22,22>My BF and I really enjoyed this place! Be forewarned:It is very small; we were lucky to get a table.This place is very authentic, and most of the menu is in Japanese.The staff speaks English, sort of, and will do their best to answer questions you have.We came here because we had seen something on TV about Takoyaki and wanted to try it. This was the closest place to us that had it, and it did not disappoint!But let me backtrack. We arrived around 6:45 on a weeknight and got the last table. People started showing up after us and all of them had to wait awhile to be seated. I started with some sort of Lychee cocktail that was delicious. My BF got a beer that he enjoyed. It was also huge, and I ended up helping him finish it.We started with an order of Takoyaki and the Japanese Sausage with mustard. Both appetizers were up very fast. The sausage was so juicy and flavorful! They are on the smaller side, so I'm glad we got the Takoyaki too.  We were served five hot Takoyaki balls that were to die for! I really didn't know what to expect, but we both fell in love with these. They have somewhat firm dough on the outside, and are totally creamy inside with pieces of squid throughout. The taste was amazing. I highly recommend the Takoyaki!For dinner BF ordered a fried plate with spam, eggs, and bitter melon. The waitress assured him the melon was very bitter and sort of hinted that he might want to try something else. But he said he wanted to try something new. Honestly, the bitter melon wasn't AS bitter as I had expected, but it would be difficult to eat an entire plate of it. Lesson learned, and hey, now we can say we've had it!I had the Okinawan Ramen with pork belly. YUM! The portion was big so BF helped me eat it. The broth was super good, not too salty. The pork belly just melted in my mouth, and the noodles had a great texture and bite to them. I know we will come back here again. BF really wants to try more of their appetizers since we were so impressed with the ones we ordered. Also, the bill was about $35 for two alcoholic drinks, two appetizers, and two entrees. Great prices!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/1/2014,101,166,25,33,31>My sister, daughter and I were very indecisive on what to have for dessert.  We were already at the parking lot of Yogurtland(my sister wanted something different) searching through Yelp and my sister narrows it down that she wants ice cream. As we scroll through the list, the deciding factor was the ube(purple yam) ice cream. A place that has smoothies for my daughter and ube ice cream for my sister is a win-win dessert place selection. We decided on Fusion Tea Bar.This Fusion Tea Bar is located in the inner corner the same shopping center as Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que (former location of Hof's Hut) across Cerritos Mall on South Street. If you are going westbound on South Street, I would highly recommend turning left onto Gridley and turning right into the Toys R Us to get to the shopping center. If not, you will have to back track since there is no left turn to get to the Lucille's shopping center. It is a quiant place with about 1/2 dozen sitting area with no outdoor seating. The service was very good and cheerful. I liked that Fusion Tea Bar has something for everyone. They have teas, smoothies, macaroons(25% larger), and boba drinks. My daughter got the Gotcha Macha which was a green tea smoothie with red bean. It was good and creamy and I liked that the ice was well blended and not grainy.  My sister had the Halo Halo. It had jackfruit, coconut jel, red beans, pudding with ube ice cream and blended ice. The ice cream was good and she liked that the ice was fine that she did not have to crush chunks of ice between her teeth. I thought the Halo Halo was just ok since it did not accompany the usually sweet beans that Halo Halo(translate in Tagalog: mix mix or mix together) is known for.I wanted to try something more chocolate.  I have wanting to try the macaroon ice cream for awhile and now was my opportunity.  I had the macaroon Ferrero Rocher ice cream sandwich. It had frozen chocolate ice cream the size of a small hockey puck with crushed Ferrero Rocher chocolate of the sides. It was sandwiched between two large macaroons. I bit into it and it was decadent and placed a big smile on my face. I am so happy we finally got to try this place. I am looking forward to taking my other sisters, family and friends here for desserts.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2007,7/6/2008,67,206,3,9,9>the Peach champagne yogurt with diced mango and tri-colored mochi (white, pink and pine green) was really tasty. Friendly service, clean (A rating posted), a variety of frozen yogurt flavors.....so why am I concerned? It was a sunny day on a weekend afternoon and the place was deader than Hilary and Bill Clinton's sex life.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,7/5/2008,231,162,18,10,10>Things We Knew: 1. French Canadian cuisine with Vietnamese owners (?!) 2. Shit strip mall location.3. Highly reviewed and super cheap.Things We Didn't Know: 1. How fucking good the stuffed french toast would actually be.2. Homemade sausage with cinnamon and nutmeg is not half as scary as it looks.3. Moles that grow long hairs are good luck.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,7/4/2008,199,644,6,7,7>Any place with a huge selection of beer like Yard House deserves at least 4 stars.  I'm probably giving Yard House Brea a star more than it deserves but I had a good time while dining here.  The grilled Jamaican Chicken Wings were nice and not overcooked.  The service was pretty good considering we were a big, loud group.  The only thing I don't get about this place is how people get really dressed up for it. Its Yard House.  A  chain resturant with a bar.  Its not club brea.  Are you really going to try to find your next significant other  while the table next to you is a group of 15 year olds?  They do start carding at 9pm. But seriously, put away the club attire and just wear some jeans and a clean shirt.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,7/3/2008,213,191,6,9,8>I dined here during a "work lunch hour" - In, out and back to the office late by about 5 minutes. Service was extremely attentive, although I do have to admit one of my collegues is a regular there. The servers already knew what she wanted when we walked through the door.  This is one of those places that you munch chips and salsa (and ranch dressing in our case) and the servers keep bringing you more and more and more - just cant stop. THEN, the food (you forgot you ordered) arrives and (dang) Im stuffed already.The food did seem to be fresh - fish tacos, salad, enchilada - authentic and tasty.  The bad part was I didn't order any of those - I got the shrimp quesadilla - and it was cold - the cheese had firmed up and the shrimp was a bit tough.  I took it like a man though - in a box - to go back to the office.Overall, I will go back and give my lunch choice another try -  And, try to resist eating too many chips.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,7/2/2008,380,334,13,17,14>Savoring every bite as I talk to my Lapin a la moutarde saying "I am so sorry little bunny but you taste so good!"  he he!  :)From the food to the staff this place is a gem. They are very catering to wine geeks coming in with 15-20 different bottles and wanting to order every dish on the menu just to see how each dish would taste with the wine.  Very tasty authentic French food in a nice quaint little spot, a must try! The Hi-Time staff dines here quite a bit. My favorite dishes: Escargots - Baked in Garlic and Pernod ButterMarinieres - mussels in white wine, shallots, garlic and parsley brothLapin a la moutarde - Braised rabbit in Dijon mustardCorkage here is $15 a bottle but they were very generous with our table and gave a bunch for free since we had so many bottles.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2008,7/1/2008,826,477,46,14,20>Now that I am rockin' a PREMIER (as in PREMIUM) ANNUAL PASS to Disneyland AND California Adventure, I find myself visiting the park at an unusual rate of every other day after 8:00 pm - minus Fridays and Saturdays. The IDEAL time to visit D-Land is during the fireworks display, which is at 9:00 pm. After that, the herd is ready to retreat, giving us anti-crowd adventure seekers an opportunity to actually GET on the rides. In the 2 weeks of being a pass holder, I have made some observations. And I don't mean disrespect when I say this:One:Why are people WAY over the weight capacity  (300+ lbs) trying to get on the Peter Pan ride? Pardon the lack of sensitivity here...and in no way am I one to judge, being a bit fluffy and all, but shit...why make others uncomfortable? It's painful to see a person who is morbidly obese try to get on the kiddie rides then hop on their electric scooter to zip through the park with a corn dog in their hand. Hey, news flash! Walking around the park is a GREAT work out!!!  I find it's better than running on the treadmill and doing sit ups! Granted, it's not a work out if you walk while eating a churro, but you get the idea.Two: Strollers. Why!? Why come to D-Land with your big ass 6 year old in a stroller? I see you have failed in your parenting. He's almost as tall as you...why is he in a stroller? You are in my way and I am trying to get to Frontier Land, lady! Three:If Disneyland is "the happiest place on Earth," why do I hear whining and crying EVERYWHERE I go? Why is your kid crying? How about  shoving a corn dog in your child's mouth? Ok, get it through your head...your kid doesn't want to go on Space Mountain! Take him to the park! Anywhere AWAY from me!!Four: Cholos and Cholas...Ey, like, Naw, it ain't all cute and sheeeit watching you vatos like totally give each other hickies and sheeeit while, like, basically waiting in line for Indiana Jones. Regardless, like, whatevers, fool. You don't even know me, ey.Five: Fifteen percent off?!? That's it??? This membership costs $400 and all I get is a 15% discount??? AND I have to spend more than $10?!?!?! Sheesh! Six:Okay, I am learning the pin trading game...I have the lanyard and pouch...and I am decked out in cool pins. I have entered the Geekdom. Seven:Finding Nemo. I have to wait a day just to ride this?? Once I finally do make it on the Finding Nemo ride, I have to suffer the stench of someone pooting in the confined space of this submarine ride? Lord help me. Find me the air freshener!Sigh. I really do love going to D-Land...
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,6/29/2008,56,451,24,19,20>Hmmmm pondering how to write this review.... lotsa things rhyme with Curry....  the name Curry House is sort of funny....--------------------------------------------------­----------------------------Judy & Lisa decided on curry. We wanted dinner in a hurry. Had some fun drinks so things got a little blurry. This review is going nowhere, so surrrrry. --------------------------------------------------­-----------------------------Wow - I really can't believe I just wrote that.  I did love their chicken katsu medium spicy with white rice.  And this was my 1st time having this!   (I know, I am the least Asian person out there.)  I also am tempted to buy some of their salad dressing that they sell.  It was a good spicy sesame that had just enough of a kick.  But can someone tell them to take the pictures of weiners off their menu?  They look like little stickers or something weird.  Kind of like anime hot dogs?
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/28/2008,12,799,6,8,7>THIS IS FOR THE CHICKEN TO-GO SIDE ***ONLY***(The restaurant sucks. More on that below.)To-Go Restaurant: Guilt, Gluttony, and Ultimate Satisfaction all rolled up into one deep fried package. Mmm Mmm good.Mrs. Knott's Fried Chicken is an astounding feat of battered excellence. I've eaten at various fried chicken establishments and the good ones are worth the hypocrisy. To the wind with my health when I sit down in front of 14 pieces of Mrs. Knott's heart attack goodness.This ranks right up there with Popeye's and could be the southern classic's right hand man. The corn kernels are super sweet and always plump.The mashed potatoes are real potatoes.The gravy is great but they need to give you more.The biscuits...OOOOO the biscuits.....~~~~~~~I don't care what people say. This place is cheap and tasty and very convenient. You get everything you need and want on a simple menu and you're very quickly in and out and on your way home trying not to devour the bucket at the first red light.If not Popeye's then DEFINITELY Knott's.Sit Down Restaurant:Small, cramped, and "cozy" in the way that you feel that you've been buried in grandma's linens kind of "cozy."Came here for dinner and REALLY wanted to either get the chicken to go or head to the restaurant in the hotel (Amber Waves) which is stellar. We opted to eat at the restaurant and dinner at 4:30pm was like candy striping a morgue. Sorry but it's true. I think we were the only people in that joint who still had natural teeth. Tried the country fried steak with side of chicken noodle soup, corn, and salad with Ranch.Sides:Biscuits were AMAZING as usual.Soup was pretty good despite the overwhelming amounts of corn starch.Salad was crisp but they use iceberg lettuce. Ranch was a bit sour.Corn was sweet and pleasant.Main Course:Country fried steak was worse than Denny's.Gravy used took less than 20 seconds to congeal and form that filmy sun-burned-skin-looking-film on the top.Mashed potatoes were fine enough.Dessert:Boysenberry pie. Fail. Filling was too sweet but the crust was good.Love the chicken, biscuits, and corn. I'll stick to the to-go side from now on.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,6/27/2008,77,302,7,13,13>I am not a fan of peruvian food probably because I've never had good peruvian food...until NOW! Mario's is one of a kind and the best peruvian food I've ever had. If it wasn't for the diner like ambience, I could've sworn I was in Peru- the ceviche is the best I've ever had (javiers no more) with fresh fish, shrimp (and even sweet potato) that seemed like it was shipped that day. The saltado con pollo--thanks for the correction, Mitch...hehe (yes, I was a conformist and ordered the same thing) was deeeelicious and fed my girlfriend and I. They do close early at 8:30PM but the food comes out fast and they did enjoy us savor the food and company for a while. It was a bit barren for dinner time so I do hope they stay in business. Come visit Mario's - you won't regret it :)
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,6/26/2008,723,405,17,14,12>I should really give this studio 5 stars, based upon the fact that this is where I was introduced to my husband, by the owner/proprietor Franco de Camargo.  The Cadet was in 3rd grade at the time, and enrolled in the Kid's Class - the parents were a very agreeable and eclectic bunch:  general contractors, heavily inked accountants, homemakers... a proverbial breath of fresh air.  I was living in Orange County and feeling very stifled by the TKD Academy that we'd just left... I just wanted to get away from the oppressive soccer-mom and stage-dad types.  My 9-year old wanted to grapple and roll around on the mats... which is exactly what he did, in a very positive, competitive, non-judgemental environment.  Franco taught some very age-appropriate, focused techniques to the students who had the skill and coordination; he included younger siblings in attendance to participate in the warm-up exercises.  For adults... I know that some of the students with higher belts have moved on to other schools (or gotten hitched and moved to the Bay Area) - but all of the guys AND gals that I saw rolling here were really, really sweaty.  (No, Darin I. - they don't have a web cam.  But they do free introductory lessons; you're guaranteed to get uh... "mounted".)Parking is ridiculous and cramped by Orange County standards, but there's more in the back and across the street.  Walk a few extra calories off, as long as you're bothering to take classes!  Leave the tiny parking lot in front for the shiny, silver, souped up BMW 330xi!As a single parent, I can say: it was good for my Cadet to have some physical rough-housing, but with rules.  As the temperamental wife of a Caveman, when I reach out to thump my knuckle-dragger on the noggin, he'll just laugh and pull me through and into his guard, or I'll end up in a [gentle] arm lock.  This is why I typically reserve arguments and disagreements for casual wear... and behind closed doors. I have learned: it's slightly less embarrassing to have your husband roll you into some kind of bizarre leg-lock when you don't have to scream, "Not in this!  Not in this - it's vintage Alexander McQueen!"  So... even though I, personally have never been an actual student at this school... it didn't prevent me from  acquiring a modicum of self-control.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,9/24/2011,929,426,12,18,11>I usually get some friends together every year for a trip to Temecula for some fun winery hopping.  Nothing blows a buzz more than having to drive everywhere, so I decided to spice it up a bit this year by getting a full-on limo bus.  Ride, drink, repeat.  And I won't go into details, but we had a great time on our limo bus.First of all, we ended up getting the mother of all limo buses.  This thing easily fit 30 adults.  It had 3 dancing poles (which were definitely used), crazy lighting, nice sound system, flat screen TV's, fully stocked drinks, and the best driver around.  So what to do on a 1.5 hour ride?  Shut the blinds, crank up the music, bust out the booze, and have a kick-ass time.  We were the envy of all the party bus peeps that day. The reservation process was super easy and Bilkis was really nice through the entire process.  She put up with all of my questions and changes I had to make last minute.  Everything worked out perfectly, so I'm a happy camper.  I'm definitely going to go with Platinum next time I book a limo or limo bus.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,9/23/2011,1223,848,8,19,8>8 years, 1 house, white carpet, 2 kids, 1 cat, 2 dogs. Not a perfect combination. It was time for a new carpet and a new look.I have driven by this place a thousand times and never gave it a 2nd look.  Friends swear by the place so I looked them up on yelp and could not find them.  No website either. What's up with that?  My friends said they do the little things like move the furniture and take their time to do it right. I got a few prices from around town and found Michael's competitive. I work out with Michael at the same gym so I figured he would take care of me as well.  The selection was great. My wife and I found just what we were looking for.  He came out to take measurements and put our order in with the factory. We put in a bamboo laminate in the office and carpeted the stairs and the upstairs. The team of installers was prompt, courteous, quiet and did a great job. They did moulding work, buried cables, placed felt under my furniture, removed and replaced the closet door tracks.....all unexpected stuff. The place looks great and I had a great experience here.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2011,9/22/2011,587,827,7,9,10>You can't help but say "Nana Jeeeeaaan" with a Southern accent as you walk up to this mom-n-pop restaurant off El Camino Real. Since the weather was fantastic around dinner time, we decided to sit outside in the patio underneath some of the umbrellas. We had a view of the empty gravel parking lot that they warn you not to park.We were greeted warmly by the waiter, who asked how we found out about them. Where else? Yelp, of course. We were all starving, so we got right down to ordering. Our party of 4 shared the short rib nachos. The other entrees ordered: short rib grilled cheese sandwich, lasagna roll-ups, pan roasted salmon. As for me, I got the braised short ribs with an extra side of mac 'n cheese. Before we knew it, the short rib nachos had arrived. The chips were of the thick variety and gave a nice crunch with every bite. It sort of reminded me the homemade chips from El Toro. The cheese weren't quite "spicy" as advertised on the menu, but had some of that queso cheese dip flavor to it. While the short rib meat was strewn across a good portion of the chips, I felt there could've been more meat to justify it's $9 price tag.My slow braised short ribs was good, but it tasted a bit dry overall. There was none of that "rich savory sauce" to moisten things up a bit. I also found several chunks of fat that were inedible. I'm all for eating fat, but only when I can eat it of course. Lastly, the portions were a bit lopsided. I just wished there was more meat to balance out the large mound of mashed potatoes and vegetables. The plate sure didn't look like the glamour shot pictures on their website.If you a cheese lover, their mac 'n cheese doesn't disappoint. Just be sure to dig in fast before the cheese starts to cool and harden. But when hot, the oozy and gooey cheese clings to every pasta, and the tiny bacon bits give a little note of crunchy and salty in the background. I took a sample of the other dishes at our table -- the short rib grilled cheese sandwich was probably my favorite. The lasagna roll-up was bland, and my wife found a tiny hair embedded in her salmon. It was weird that the hair was found inside the salmon, and not on top. So who knows, it might have been from the salmon supplier? In any case, the waiter was extremely apologetic and comp'd that from our bill.Mike stopped by our table to chit chat and tell us a little of the story behind Nana Jean's and some of the home-style and comfort food recipes. He essentially summed up everything from the "About Us" section on their website, and seems like a genuine owner. We had a good time for dinner, and in the end, we were so full that dessert wasn't even an option. I had to loosen up my jeans after eating at Nana Jean's!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,9/21/2011,507,564,11,13,13>Let's put it this way.  This place is like an Urth cafe that's next to the beach and they allow dogs INSIDE the cafe!  Free wifi, comfy couches, good coffee, great desserts and sandwiches, friendly customers, friendly service, easy parking and spacious seating inside and outside.  I wish this cafe was closer to where I live though!I was searching for a dog friendly cafe where we can surf the web, grab a light snack/dessert and just relax with our two dogs.  The first one that popped up was Koffee Klatch.   Sounded like a dog friendly place but what I didn't know was that you can actually take fido inside the cafe and not be restricted to sitting outside on the patio area!   5++++++ stars!!!We ordered two different sandwiches (tuna and chicken salad) on croissant .  The chicken salad was delish!  The tuna however was very dry and not so good.  I also got their regular house coffee.  That was quite decent and very smooth.  Couple hours later, we looked into their dessert cafe and couldn't help but to order something.  Wow, everything looked fantastic!  From Fruit tarts to cakes to brownies and cookies....absolutely pretty!  Trust me ladies, you won't be able to resist their desserts!   So we ordered their Mango cheese cake and an Oatmeal cookie.  Heaven's Galore!!!!  All in all, we were all very happy.  Our dogs got so much attention from customers walking into the cafe and we were happy to be on our laptops watching a movie.  Fast internet too!I'll be back!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,9/19/2011,939,379,19,22,21>This place gets really crowded during dinner time so I came at around 5:30 on a Thursday. There was an open booth and we were seated right away and ordered right away. I was hungry and I wanted some meat. Japnese BBQ is really easy. There's no need to study the menu and ponder what you want to get. Just go with your instinct and order a thing of veggies, something raw, something to bbq, and something to snack. Therefore I ordered assorted veggies, raw beef with quail egg, rib eye, pork belly, tongue, and chicken cartilage. The meat quality was good. The raw beef was light and the quail egg gave it a creamy texture. I love tongue and the tongue was delicious. The cartilage was a great little snack and had a nice crunch. Sounds yucky but tasted great. Service was great and it did help that my dining companion spoke Japanese. I would definitely go back for seconds.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,9/18/2011,103,525,11,15,13>The amazing reviews brought my family and I to East Borough, but as usual my appreciation for a highly rated restaurant is from a different perspective. E.B is open air with an order counter. This is awesome for someone with kids because we can get it to go and sit at one of the many hideouts at The Camp or we can hang out at E.B, but either way we can make a quick getaway should 1 of a million variations of eating with children occur. Now, the food, Mike Q. is correct, there is bread here soft as pillows, clouds and heavenly beds from the Westin. It is warm and slightly crispy and delightful beyond reason. This is what we ordered:- Grilled Pork Banh mi: 5 stars (while I eat this I hear Molly Shannon in my head "I love it, I love it, I love it!!!")- Beef Stew Baguette: 4 stars: It was delicious, but bland compared to the Banh mi. I think it would be perfect comfort food on a rainy day.- Shrimp and Pork Spring Roll: 5 stars: Mr. R. reported "Just like Mom makes" (so basically if I gave it less than 5 stars I would be cruzin the couch). In all seriousness, it was fresh and delicious and I would order it again.- Egg Rolls: 5 stars: These egg rolls have more flavor than I have ever tasted in an egg roll. So freakin delicious.-Cheese Plate: 5 stars! This is what we ordered for the kids! It had a bunch of fresh grapes, various cheeses, a baguette, and a small cup of walnuts. (The mom in me was giving the middle finger to McDonalds). My kids LOVED it all! We spread the cheese in between the warm baguette and it was plenty for both of them. Jasmine Lime Iced Tea: 4 stars. It was refreshing on a hot day, but I'm not a fan of the limey taste in my tea. Mr. R. was a big fan though.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,9/17/2011,438,367,12,20,16>With 288 reviews and 4.5 stars, yelp won't ever let you down.  I can tell I'm going to be coming here a lot.  Mil Jugos was highly recommended by my yelping buddy Dan H.  One thing I've learned about Dan, is that if it doesn't have a bar AND he still raves about it, you know it's good.  This place isn't called 1,000 Juices for nothing.  Beautiful fresh juice of all different flavors.  I think I counted 25 on the menu.  Maybe if you come up with all the different combos you can get to 1,000, I don't know.  I know the passion fruit juice was so good that we ordered a 2nd glass.  We also tried the guava, which was excellent as well.Venezuelan Arepa Sandwiches are the thing to get here.  They look deceptively small and you think, you can eat 2 of these no problem, but they fill you up.  Mil Jugos' arepas are like little pockets of corn meal that have been grilled on both sides so it has a nice firm outer crust to it.  However it's not really golden brown, just firm on the outside in texture.  Inside it's soft and very filling.  It's possible that these arepas have a little flour mixed in as well as the corn flavor wasn't overwhelming.  You can get these sandwiches stuffed with all kinds of goodies.  We went with The Pabelleon.  It was carne desmechada with black beans and a very flavorful queso blanco.  The shredded beef was well seasoned with tomatoes, garlic, cilantro.  Similar to a Cuban Ropa Vieja.  It was my favorite of the 4 that I tried.  Also a close 2nd was a chicken/potato salad hybrid.  This also had some cooked carrots in the mayo based salad.  Cooking the carrots was a great idea, because you got all the flavor of the carrots, but kept the same consistency as the cooked potatoes and shredded chicken.  This was served cold with avocado.  It was so good we got a side order of the salad to go.We also sampled the pollo, which was beautiful white meat shredded chicken flavored with garlic and tomatoes.  The Asado is served more like large chunks of pot roast.  While it was also cooked in some nice seasonings, it was a little chunky for a sandwich and we preferred the shredded beef in the Pabelleon more.  Dan H. recommended that we all try a Cachapa with cheese.  This is how I remember having an Arepa before, it's more like a corn meal pancake (johnny cake) that's cooked on a griddle with butter.  There is a sweetness to the cornmeal that went perfectly with the more savory queso blanco that was only slightly melted.  There was also some fresh crema inside that added to the richness.  Don't miss splitting one of these for your table.  They do several other versions of Cachapa that I will have to try soon.  The prices are so reasonable here, that it's a sin not to eat here if you are in the neighborhood.  They've also recently expanded.  I guess business is good, and now I've tasted why!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/16/2011,733,86,25,31,27>cobblestone walkways, intricately laced iron garden seats, a fountain, and white carrara marble tabletops.  one would assume this restaurant was in Paris, but lucky for us, it's just right here. right on Bristol Street inside the Ayres Hotel, a small boutique hotel.  an herb of either lavender or basil rests on each tabletop and large tan colored umbrellas provides a shield from the scintillating summer sun. the cherub statues do add to the Parisian charm of the place. an unassuming guest would probably take a gander that this is their standard hotel restaurant who may serve mediocracy on a silver platter and charge bullions for it.  however, Le Chateau Garden Bistro is truly unique because this is their only location and the food they prepare is absolutely outstanding. and you dont need to pawn off any jewelry to dine here, since it's quite affordable.i have had the pleasure to try the MONTE CRISTO two years ago on a warm summer afternoon, and have fantasized about it ever since.  lucky for me, a second visit to this sweet gem only enhances the love i have for this amazing dish. BREAD & SPREAD (on the house) **ok, i may be carbo-phobic, but it does not stop me from eating bread just so i can have this phenomenal olive spread on top of my bread.  it's a good mix of light green olives and it's not too salty, as one would assume from an olive. it's light in texture w/ a hint of citrus. soooo delish.MONTE CRISTO **this dish to me is like a sandwich with a taste and texture of french toast.  think 2 in 1. the sandwich consists of black forest ham, swiss cheese, and turkey dipped in egg batter.  with the egg batter coating, it's delicately fried on all 3 sides of the halved sandwich.  your meal is accompanied with either  (1) fries (2) fresh fruit or (3) asian cole slaw salad.  i opted for the ASIAN COLE SLAW & it was stellar!  made from napa cabbage, so it's not bitter.  a light amount of dressing was all it needed, and it had a slight spicy kick.  sprinkled with both white & sesame seeds, the slaw was a cornucopia of colors & textures.  to enhance the flavor of the monte cristo, a ramekin of raspberry chambord jelly is provided, and it's soooo yummy.CREME BRULEE **this was also amazing!  what can i say except it was rich & creamy and the spoon wouldn't rest?  lol.SERVICE **was attentive and always with a smile.  everyone was super accommodating (esp to the moving sun and helping us adjust the umbrellas).  drinks were refilled often.  service was outstanding.PARKING **have no fear.  no meters. no forced valets.  park in almost any open spot and meander your way to the Garden Bistro.IN SUMMARY:a hidden gem on the outskirts of South Coast Plaza where you can leave the hustle-bustle of OC living behind.  come to meet a friend for lunch. come to enjoy this gorgeous garden with its subtle herb scents.  i waited almost 700 days for my second dine at this destination, and it was absolutely worth the wait.  patience is a virtue, young son.  good things come to those who wait, and this is one of those instances. but dont wait 700 days to give this place a try!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,9/15/2011,4997,646,9,16,10>I had a great time here ;) The dancing was great, very professional & the little intermission acts in between were cute; the shadow puppet guy was great & the hand puppet guy was funny =)I LOVED the Celitic dancers, they were just amazing, they reminded me of River Dancers.. =) The Flamingo dancers were good too, but the Finale were the competed against each other, that was a lot of fun to see. =) I agree with all the other Yelpers about the performance being very professional & colorful. They have a pretty big budget to put on this kind of show. It was much more than what I had expected when I came here. I take 1 star away for the food. The food is OK, average. The mahi mahi was so dry that I had 2 drink so much water afterwards =( The vegetable raviolis were much much better. They no longer have the rib eye available for the Gold  package. If you wanted meat rather than the fish or chicken dish you had to pay an extra $10. Boo... =(The dessert was much better which was some raspberry chocolate cake.But the service was great so overall, a great show for a group / family =) I highly recommend it. =)BTW: Buy discount tickets from Goldstar events if you wanna save some $$ it's about 50% off the regular price on their own website. =) If you'd rather eat & THEN come 2 the show (since their food isnt that great)  just get the show tickets by itself from Goldstar events. =)
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,9/13/2011,2141,534,14,23,16>15 Courses Omakase Sushi Dinner. OMG! I was in SUSHI HEAVEN! Extremely fresh and delicious sushi! Quality was EXCELLENT and Yoshi-san was great! He really took care of us! I'm pretty much a sushi snob. I don't go to AYCE sushi places (my stomach dies) and I sit at the bar most of the times (unless it's a big group or the person I'm with isn't a snob like me). I don't like using soy sauce for good sushi because that will mask the true taste of it. Oh and they use REAL grated wasabi! AwesomeI'm not going to list every single dish (detailed review will be on my blog) but every course just reiterated what an amazing culinary experience I was having. The freshness, the textures, everything from our live sweet shrimp to the oysters, the uni, the toro, EVERYTHING was superb. MMM I'm imagining it again and I think I just drooled on my shirt. Oh and total damage for 2 people for this amazing omakase meal with no alcohol was over $200 with tax & tip. Pricey but well worth it. Maki Zushi, you have made a fan out of me and I grant thee one of my rare 5 stars! =D I can't wait to go back.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,6/19/2009,86,54,4,3,4>Sometimes when accurately describing a restaurant, its best to compare it to a woman.  If a family-run sandwich deli is the shy girl that you have to go out of your way to get to know and love, and a 5 star restaurant is the high class, high maintenance woman thats out of your league, Caspian is the exotic, outgoing girl that sees you at a party standing off the side, grabs you and drags you into the chaos and has you leaving the party thinking that was a lot more fun than expected. That was pretty much my experience here at Caspian. I had seen this very unique looking building many times, but had never bothered to go in.  However, my friends and I were leaving Disneyland around 10 and were in the mood for a late night meal that wasn't Dennys. Thankfully, Caspian was there to welcome us with open arms. The portions were HUGE which is exactly what I want in a late night meal. They were certainly not shy about piling a mountain of rice on my plate, which I'm ashamed to say I couldn't finish. I recommend using that red paprika they have on the tables in large doses on the rice as it adds a great tangy flavor. It was like little explosions of taste dancing across my tongue. I ordered the combo chicken and steak shish kabob. My big complaint about most restaurant shish kabobs is that they typically make them small and cheat by mixing the meat with the vegetables. Thus, I was very pleased with the fact that their kabobs were huge and packed with meat. The meat was quite tasty, although it could afford to be a little less dry. The highlight of the night was the entertainment. During the weekend, they have live music and belly dancing. Individually, none of it is that spectacular, but when combined, it was like my Big Fat Persian Wedding with everyone on the dance floor clapping their hands and getting very into it. Of course, I'm sure the festivities were boosted by the strong-ass drinks they serve here. I ordered a Long Island fully expecting a Dave and Busters style watered down Long Island. This Long Island however was the real deal and passed my strong drink test when my friends at the table cringed when they smelled it.Kudos to you Caspian. You won't have to drag me into the party next time.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,6/18/2009,374,491,7,11,11>I love this place, don't tell my Mom, but their Empanadas are better than her's. My husband had the traditional Criolla(Ground beef, raisins, trad spices) & Potato & Cheese Empanadas. All of them costed around 3 bucks. I wasn't that hungry and had only 1 the Spicy Beef, yum. They are a healthy size so no need to order too many. The lady working there was so nice she gave us 2 free cookies, forgot their names but, one was a shortbread tube with what I think is Dulce de leche in the middle, and a flat shortbread cookie with dulce de leche in the middle as well. Everything was delicious, all this place needs is beer, and it would be perfect. What can I say when I go out for a meal I like me some alcohol.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,6/17/2009,79,175,16,13,13>Everyone loves funnel cakes. Warm crunchy crispy rivets of gooey dough, dusted with sweet sweet powder sugar and syrup, topped with fruits and creams of choice. So delicious, so lovely, so wonderful. Everyone loves funnel cakes. Even terrorists!Then why is it that one can never find funnel cakes on demand? Must county fair tickets and amusement park hand stamps and warm summer nights and soft teenage kisses and all that foofarah always be a prerequisite to enjoying funnel cake? Why can't I have a funnel cake at home? Alone? In the dark? While sobbing quietly? Why not? I should be able to, this is America!And now I can! You can! We all can! Thanks to Q Restaurant, where I found out today funnel cakes are made and served, on demand, whenever you like, as you please, no questions asked! I had the fresh strawberry one and it was very delicious, full of sweetness and nostalgia, so good. Thank you Q Restaurant thank you!Also, this place apparently has the best cajun crawfish in all of california. Funnel cake AND best crawfish?! Oh be still my heart.I will follow up on that next week.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,6/16/2009,185,427,10,15,11>i base my nail spas on price, quality, level of pain, and amount of upselling.  - price is $18 for a spa pedicure.  (they accept all major credit cards.)- quality is superb.- level of pain is none.- amount of upselling is the usual "do you want callus remover?".  but when i say no, they don't push, unlike other places i've been.   i've been here three times and i'm still loving it.  (i've been asking for diana since i was happy with her the first time.)  she doesn't cut too deep or hurt me when i'm getting my pedicure.  the paint job is always excellent.  and the foot/leg massage....ahhhhhhhh.with as many employees as they have, they sure get packed on a friday evening.  i'm glad i called ahead.  all the ladies (didn't see any male employees, thank goodness because men giving me a pedicure just creep me out) are as friendly as they can be with their broken english and try to have conversations with you.  i'm just not the talkative type, so i sit there, watch tv and enjoy my well deserved-pedicure.perhaps i need to start a list of "places i've been who have the fox 11 hot list sticker" because apple nails does.  if you watch good day la, you know what i'm talking about.  yes, i find joy in the little things in life.  ;)(ROTD #7)
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,6/15/2009,134,180,10,15,15>Their Crunchy Roll was absolutely the BEST I've ever had in my entire life. I have now found the one, and I am absolutely thrilled that Tabento is really close to my work! =) This roll is completely embedded in the crunchy crumbs, the rice was perfect (not too hard, not too mushy) and every bite was a piece of Crunchy Roll heaven. 5 stars for the Crunchy Roll.Not knowing how big the Crunchy Roll was, I also ordered the Beef Teriyaki Bento lunch special, which came with miso soupl, salad, noodles, 4 California Rolls and rice. What a steal for only $7! The beef teriyaki was great, but I barely touched the meal because I had already eaten almost the entire Crunchy Roll by myself.They serve bottled water here, which I thought was quite interesting, but I'm not complaining-since bottled water is way better than tap water.Service was great, our waitress was kind and enthusiastic and I love the way they greet you right when you walk in the door. You'll step in and walk out feeling very satisfied both with the quality of food and great service, I promise you.Oh, and they have peach soju here!! How awesome is that!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,6/14/2009,368,185,4,20,8>True Life was my 2nd $20/hr massage experience, and I will say the $20 is worth it, especially here. I've been to Bali Foot Spa right down the street and had a somewhat bad experience there (that's for another review!) so decided to try out True Life and was quite pleased!But here are some pointers to first-timers:-Make an appointment or call ahead as they can get busy.-This location is on Brookhurst/McFadden behind the Taco Bell. It was kind of hard to find so gotta make note of that.-Don't come here after eating or on a full stomach. They press firmly on your back and my tummy probably would've been happier if it wasn't full lol-Don't wear face makeup or any kind of fragrant perfume. They massage your face with some kind of lotion or oil, plus your face gets smushed into the massage hole when you're on your stomach so, makeup = bad. Let your hair down for the scalp massage too!-Come in comfortable clothes and sandals as your feet will be soaked in a warm water bath throughout the massage-For the ladies... make sure your legs are shaved, I'm sure the leg massage would feel much smoother if it's nice and hairless ;) imagine a prickly leg massage.. probably not a good thing-Remove all jewelry (and earrings if possible, for the ear massages.. something I couldn't enjoy cause my piercings never get taken out)and lastly.. just RELAX... REEE-HEEE-LAAAX... they WILL touch you in places you're not usually comfortable with (for girls, request a female masseuse to help calm your nerves) such as ears, insides of ears, butt, and lower back, just a precaution.But reading some of the reviews, I'll have to disagree and say they never touched my armpit area nor did they hurt me (I had a female masseuse and she was perfect!) In fact, I ended up falling asleep for a short period of time throughout the foot massage.. nice after a long day!They expect a 20% tip ($5) so don't try to tip less (they don't deserve less anyhow)Gonna try to make True Life a monthly ritual :)
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,6/13/2009,109,129,5,6,6>OOBER DELICIOUSNESS! That was the first thing that came out of my mouth after I ate here....NO...Seriously. Could it have been because I just paid $19.99 for a dinner for a family of 4.5? Or could it have been that the TRI-TIP was cooked exactly how I ordered it? Or could it just possibly be the whole entire experience? All rhetorical, but yet, the answer is in the proof of satisfaction in my body.The wait staff was very attentive for a sit-down/fast food type of joint. Just think along the lines of Pat and Oscars, yes, with just as good breadsticks, but with a more elaborate menu. We went with a family package that included tri tip, salad, and pizza.Everything tasted so fresh! I highly enjoyed myself here and so did my entire family. For the affordable prices and the quality you get, it is definitely worth every penny.You cannot go wrong with Stonefire coz I didn't.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,6/12/2009,139,199,8,12,12>There's a fine line between a nice restaurant that simply sells itself with good food and service, and one that has to encourage an air of exclusivity by being downright pretentious.   And in spite of its exquisite St. Regis Monarch Beach location, an entrance that features gorgeous acrylic wine cellars with bottles stacked from floor to vaulted ceiling, and a reputation that is impeccable amongst foodies, Michael Mina's Stonehill Tavern does not once cross the line.  Not even during OC restaurant week, when those who typically wouldn't dine at a place like this for no particular occasion come out for some good deals, and some even better food.  I need to start off by saying that the food surprised even me, someone who already went in with high expectations.  The 3-course meal began with an amuse bouche: a bacon wrapped date drizzled with a sherry reduction.  With flavors married so well together, I don't know that I've ever tasted bacon so smokey, or dates so sweet as this was.  This definitely prepared me for wanting more.  What followed was an artisan bread basket, and a first course of Hawaiian prawn with butternut squash crepe, sitting on a bed of coconut-curry broth, all topped off with a jaunty sprig of mint.  The overwhelming scents of the coconut, curry, and mint filled the air as soon as this dish was set in front of me, and fortunately, it tasted as good as it smelled.  The broth was incredibly rich and flavorful - a perfect fusion dish, and one that's on the current regular, non-restaurant week tasting menu.  My entree was the prime beef short rib - incredibly tender, also full of flavor.  It was served with a side of potatoes - I think they were pureed.  Rich and drizzled with plenty of olive oil, I'm not sure I like my potatoes quite so...pureed.  For dessert, I selected the Fuji apple crisp parfait with ginger ice cream, topped with an apple chip and sabayon.  A fancy twist on an old classic, this is also featured on the current tasting menu.  The wait staff was incredibly professional the entire evening, but still managed to be warm and friendly.  From the moment they pulled out the table so that I could properly seat myself to taking my coat to bringing us new flatware and wine glasses for each course, the Stonehill staff never missed a beat.  All the while, there was an air of comfort with them that I've rarely experienced at fine dining establishments.  My single complaint about the evening is the wine pairings.  While it is traditional in a tasting menu to do one wine course per food course, it is not typical for the food courses to have several options, which is how restaurant week works.  I think that in order to have done wine pairings properly, Stonehill should have chosen a wine for each course option (for the entree, at the very least).  A Riesling for the first course of salad/prawns/tuna carpaccio?  Fine.  For dessert, there was port, which was acceptable with the root beer float served with warm oatmeal chocolate chip cookies, but a bit of a stretch to go with my Fuji apple parfait (especially considering the ginger ice cream).   But to pair a pinot noir with the entree choices of chicken, trout, and beef short ribs?  That was a crime, and an entirely unnecessary one at that.  But I'm sure that this was simply a corner cut for restaurant week - a glance at Stonehill's regular tasting menu tells me that the wine pairings look impeccable.  I'm going to let these wine pairings slide, though, for the taste of the amazing meal I had and the memory of the wonderful service still linger with me, the morning after...I definitely know where I'm choosing to celebrate my next special occasion, and I've got my eye on Michael Mina's tasting menu!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,6/11/2009,65,449,11,19,15>This isn't a salon.  Don't bother calling in ahead of time to make an appointment.  Don't expect bottled water or a latte to be offered to you, but rather a mini bar of hard liquor.  In lieu of gossip magazines or the latest Cosmo/Vogue, you'll only fine a stack of Maxims, Playboys and various hot rod magazines.  Also, they're not going to shampoo/rinse your hair before and after your cut so don't come in with muffled down hair from wearing a trucker hat or dilapidated beanie.  This is a god damn barber shop.  You shoot the shit with the barbers, talk shop, beat on your chest and have a few laughs.  If the wait is too long, deal with it or grab a cold one at the nearby Mexican chain restaurant.One word comes to mind when it comes to the barbers.  Meticulous.  It's the only way I can describe their service when your mop is in need of a trim or if you care to indulge in a hot towel shave.  They don't cut any corners here.  I came by to clean up my doo, but more so to get my first shave.  I refuse to pay $40+ for it at some metrosexual salon.$10 trim.$20 shave.$10 tip.Done.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,6/10/2009,380,334,13,19,18>Talk about an awesome happy hour! :) The service and chef here were great. Chef Don came over to say hello to us, nice guy. There was six of us so A LOT of food was ordered. Buffalo Sliders: 3 mini Buffalo burgers, red pepper aioli, caramelized red onion, hickory smoked bacon & Gruyere cheese Smoked Fish Trio: Smoked Salmon, Smoked Marlin & Smoked Tuna topped with shallots, lemon, dill & chopped capers (Two orders of each) Mussels and Clams: White wine, shallots, garlic, lemon, parsley & heirloom tomatoes Duck Confit Crepe (Duck confit, green onions, garlic, chili flakes and cream served with hoisen sauce) And a Shrimp Cocktail... whew! Everything was very tasty there wasn't one bad dish. The only bummer was the cocktails were not Happy Hour price on Saturday however, you can bring up to 3 bottles of wine with NO corkage! And just a little FYI for everyone they are continuing Happy Hour prices on  there bar dishes till the end of the month. So check it out if you have a chance. We had a great time!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/31/2014,98,91,19,25,21>Tiramisu Gelato.  Do it. If you are a tourist, save yourself a headache and a pull up Google maps, using the bird's eye view to locate this place.  It is inside a small alleyway, and cannot be seen from the street.  If you are on PCH, look for Hotel Laguna and look EAST from PCH. There you will find the Watermarc and next to it is a small alleyway.  Go through this alleyway and at the end, on the left side is Gelato Paradiso.  You are lucky if the line only goes out to the door, there have been times when this alley has been packed with people in line for their gelato.If you are driving and need to park, the best way to access Gelato Paradiso is heading south on Gleneyre.  Go past Laguna/Park Av, and there's a structure on the west side.  From the structure, head west and you can access this place from the back.  Parking is free after 7 PM.Check in this place through Yelp and get $1 off your purchase!My mother in law travels a lot to Italy and she has said that their gelato here is just like the ones they have in Italy.  This is a MUST go to stop whenever she is in town from St. Louis.  We've also brought other relatives out of town to this quaint little shop and they are all in love and cannot wait to come back again.They have authentic Italian flavors such as pistachio, stracciatella, tiramisu, and lemon.  There's also traditional flavors such as strawberry, chocolate, and coffee.  ALL are heavenly.  But my favorite is Tiramisu.  No trip to Laguna Beach is complete without a stop at Gelato Paradiso for my family. Locals and tourists alike love this place, do yourself a favor and add this place in your GPS the next time you're in Laguna.  You'll save yourself a wild goose chase looking for this gem and your tongue will do a happy dance once it meets their gelato!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/30/2014,187,1126,25,26,26>I'd been looking for a companion for my one year-old cat and heard about this place from a friend who'd gone to the Culver City location to get HER second cat. I was planning on going to the Seal Beach Animal Center, but their hours were inconvenient--closed too early during the week so I couldn't make it after work. Located in the Lakewood Mall, Adopt & Shop keeps retail hours, which is really nice for people with 9-5 jobs like me. It also looks like a regular retail shop: clean and nicely decorated with a good selection of dogs, cats and supplies, making it easy and appealing for people to adopt animals who'd otherwise not have the time/inclination to visit shelters (which are still great, btw). Speaking of shelters, what's truly great about Adopt & Shop is that it's a non-profit organization that gets all its animals from shelters all over LA, so you know you're adopting animals that didn't come from evil puppy or kitten mills (adoptandshop.org/about-us)!As other people have noted, it isn't a big facility, and it can get a little chaotic with all the barking dogs, but it got the job done for me. I knew I wanted to adopt a black kitten/young cat (since black cats and dogs have the hardest time getting adopted) and they were even running a special on black cats that weekend--$50 off all black cat adoptions! They had mostly kittens/young cats so if you were looking to adopt a mellow adult you would've been out of luck, but it was great for me. I immediately bonded with a black kitten named Geronimo (now BB) who was super-friendly, and after hanging out with him for a bit I knew he was the one! Once you decide, a staff member will give you an application form to fill out, and then will sit with you to go over questions with you to make sure you understand your responsibility and commitment as a pet owner (a crucial step, and I didn't mind spending the time). All animals have been spayed/neutered, microchipped, and are up-to-date on their vaccinations; it is a STEAL to adopt from here. My other cat was a stray and I had to get all this stuff done for her on my own and I probably spent nearly $800, all told (not that i minded, because she's my precious baby, lol). Anyhoo, I can't say enough good things about this organization. I'm a satisfied customer, and if you're a conscientious animal lover you will be too!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,10/29/2014,468,54,29,38,35>The Blind Rabbit is a hidden Speakesy located on the bottom floor of the Packing House next to the shabu bar. It took me awhile to find this place after strolling back and forth. After a tip from a fellow patron, i figured it was behind some secret wall that opens up. Some dood was standing in front added me to the waiting list because TBR is fairly small and could only fit 20 people. However, apparently they have a password you can mention at the door that puts you on god mode and you don't have to wait *shrugs shoulders* (I had no idea what the heck the password was or where I would obtain this password). Once they called my name and I was able to go in TBR, first thing you will notice is it's hotter than Hell's Kitchen up in there (warning: don't wear a jacket or sweater in there or you're gonna be sweating bullets). Other than the heat issue, I really liked this place. Staff are super friendly and the crowd was chill. I attempted to order the bacon infused old fashioned, but they ran out of the bacon which I was kind of bummed about. Since I usually drink old fashioned, the bartender recommended I try (the early ryes). Holy smokes! Probably one of the best drinks I've ever had. Green tea infused rye old fashioned was so good I ordered 2. Next I ordered some food to munch on (duck Mac & cheese and pork belly and pig ears). I was a big fan of the Mac & cheese, but the pork belly I thought was just ok. Wished the pig ears was more crispy, but that's just my preference. I would come back here again for the quality drinks and try more of the food items. Will be back soon TBR! Note: I would recommend don't go if your group is larger than 4. Wait might be longer and again the TBR is fairly small).
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,10/28/2014,1092,337,23,30,29>I stumbled upon Casa Inka on the Yelp app today when I was searching for a place to grab some lunch with my dad. I quickly read positive reviews and I was sold. He loves his Peruvian food, so I thought this might be a perfect match. Casa Inka is located at the end of a shopping center. The building looks like a little, old house. Very fitting for it's name. It was around noon and there not many cars outside-- but then again, its a weekday. We walked in and was seated quickly with water and a bread basket (that bread tho! nom.). The customer service was great and the place was well decorated --and clean! Extra bonus points for that!Now for the food-- It was a weekday and I was hoping for some awesome lunch specials. They do have lunch specials, but it was really limited. With about eight items on the lunch menu and none of them being lomo saltado, it was a little disappointing. I still got my fix and ordered it off the regular menu. You can order the lomo saltado with rice and fries or with pasta. I ordered it with the pasta, just to be a little adventurous! I also asked for the fries to still be included-- pasta AND fries?! can you say carb overload? Oh wells, I guess that just means I'll run like a Sonic the Hedgehog later tonight. The steak was delicious! Very tender and perfectly seasoned. The pasta was good, but next time I'll have to stick to my guns and order it with the rice. Lomo saltado and rice are homies, you can't just separate a beautiful friendship like that! My dad opted for the chaufa de pollo on the lunch menu. The portion was a little sad, even for a lunch portion but it was still tasty. They were really generous with the amount of chicken, which is always nice. Nothing like ordering salad, pasta or fried rice and you get ONE piece of chicken. Am I right or am I right? Overall, I give Casa Inka four stars. I enjoyed both of the dishes we ordered and the general atmosphere was pleasant, however I had to be real here and deduct a star. This place lacked in the green sauce department! (Btw what is the technical name for this delicious, Peruvian condiment? It can't just be green sauce, or can it?) The green sauce had no kick, it had more of a cool, refreshing taste. There was a second sauce on the table that was red. Now that  one had a kick, but it just wasn't the same. I usually end up eating more green sauce than my actual entree, so it was a bit of a bummer. Still, a great place and will definitely be back if in the area.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/27/2014,491,247,15,22,19>I decided to visit Villafan Pinatas after searching on Yelp and seeing its great reviews.  I love supporting local mom and pop businesses and this one was totally worth it.  Located in a central part of Santa Ana, I was not at all familiar with the area.  However GPS got me to their location with no problems.  Once you arrive, you are greeted with many chipper birds and parrots. The store is like a large garage and is packed with various piñatas and party accessories.  The humble family that owns Villafan Pinatas were so friendly and ready to help as soon as I walked in. I needed an Elmo and they had a medium sized one that worked out perfectly.  They also sold candy to fill the piñata at a very reasonable price. I can't believe how reasonable everything was. I walked out the door with a durable medium size piñata along with one bag of candy, some loot bags and streamers for less than $30!!!  The piñata held up very well to all the hits during the party. I totally recommend this place for anyone looking to buy a piñata. They also do custom piñatas; you just need to order at least 2 weeks in advance.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,10/26/2014,293,18,38,36,31>Scared.. Vulnerable... 2 words a woman can feel when getting her first Brazilian.  But no need to fear!  The aestheticians at The Pretty Kitty have got you covered... I've been coming to the same location for almost two years and I come religiously every 6 weeks since a Brazilian is part of my regular maintenance... And yes, ladies, I still have  the aesthetician tell me before she's about to go over that middle section (ya'll know what I'm talking about) so I can do my breathing exercises (woosahhh).. But here's the run-down:There is rarely very much parking because the lot is small but shares spaces with so many other businesses.The facility is very clean and well-maintained.  Also, the aestheticians don't double dip in the wax. Make an appointment.  The whole process takes about 5-10 minutes and the appointments are booked 15 minutes apart.  This business takes walk-ins, but you may have to wait awhile if you have no appointment.  With that being said, don't be late!  If you're 5 or more minutes late, it's difficult to fit you into the schedule since the appointments are only 15 minutes apart.I've never felt the need to make an appointment based on which aesthetician is available... all of them are great and have been trained the same way.Less than 15 minutes later and you come out with a Pretty Kitty?!  (Oh this name is the absolute best.) HAHA I'm game!And sorry boys... Girls only ;)
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,10/25/2014,153,221,16,21,14>-Monumental-I have worked in Little Saigon for years. I know quite a bit of what's available here. I have had Banh Mi at countless places. Including; Lee's, Banh Mi Che, Tip Top, ABC. "THH" is the cream of the crop. Even at the recently increased price of $3.25 per sandwich, it is still the deal of the century. Their fried egg (Trung) is my favorite. As a matter of fact, any sandwich I order is getting a fried egg on it. At their best, the egg still has runny yoke spilling into you sandwich. What more could you ask for?Their BBQ pork and Pate(Xa Xiu) is another of my favorites. All THH's sandwich have this light drizzle of garlic sauce that makes their banh mi a cut above all the rest. Iced coffee is $2.50 and is pretty good. Not as good as Xoi Hoang Huong but i can't complain. Everything at THH is so fresh. The veggies are always crisp and the pork tender. I challenge all to find a better sandwich here. Their egg roll are also delicious. We have killed whole trays of them here at work.Grab a few Sesame Balls(Banh Cam) for dessert.-Take CC($5 minimum)--fried egg on e'rything!-Yet to try: Fish Porridge(Chao Ca)Fried Meat Loaf (Cha Chien)
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/24/2014,76,26,20,24,21>When the sun doesn't come out yes, I resort to tanning :) shhhh don't tell anyone lolI'm picky when it comes to everything.....even the place I go tanning. I've been coming here now for about 2 years. My boyfriend at the time found this place (in passing) and knowing how much I love being bronze, told me about it. I'm so glad he did! They have a ton of price and package options. I opt for the Unlimited package which consists of Unlimited Usage in Any Bed of your choice for $99.00/month. Granted I could probably down grade the package or buy some individual sessions considering I only go about 4 times per month using only the Open Sun bed. Though this place can be a little more than the other local spots, it's well worth it. Every time I have walked through the door, it's always clean, put together. Every bed greets you with a fresh towel, eye goggles and a little mini water bottle, which is a great touch! I have tried the following beds: Open Sun:  This is my favorite one in the shop and yes I think the most expensive of the options. It's great is your a little claustrophobic like me :) haha It's very Open and Airy but not only that it's a high pressure bed that has a max of 12 mins. Such a powerful bed that I only need about half that time. It saves me a bunch of time which I love.Inspiration:  This one I believe is a low pressure bed. I will use this one if the open sun is in use and I'm in a hurry. This one does takes a bit longer and doesn't give me as much of a golden tan as I like but it will do when in a pinch. The Stand Up:  Actually turned out to be a lot better than what I thought. This is actually my #2 option should the Open Sun be occupied. It's just awkward to be standing for 12 minutes just kind of hanging out in there lol Sun Angel:  Okay, that's not fair of me. I've never actually used this bed for a full session. I lasted all of about 2 minutes then got out because I wasn't getting the tan I was expecting and hoping for.....maybe I used the machine wrong? It has you scan different areas of your body to check on the color then adjust the machine to even you out. I'm pretty sure that's the way it works lol either way I gave up.Spray Tan:  This is actually done by one of their technicians not a machine! Awesome. It was even and I was happy with the results but as with any spray tan my sheets paid the price haha Lastly, the customer service is good and a couple of the girls are just awesome beyond words! Angeline, the manager is always accommodating and helpful. She has gone out of her way for me a few times and it's greatly appreciated!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,10/23/2014,1444,1073,23,25,25>Steph H. and I have this thing going on - a breakfast thing mind you - and as schedules permit, we meet up to catch up and have wonderful breakfast - this was one of those times.First things first, Taco Maria is expensive. Get over it. If you can't afford it, don't go or go once and go when you can afford it again. Some things in life are a luxury - like fine food crafted by a chef who loves what he does. Also, it's not a food truck anymore. It occupies prime real estate in a hipster joint so it needs to uphold certain standards. Just get over it already. And now, the brunch.It changes every month. We caught the tale end of the August brunch offerings even though it's now September. Sunday brunch will run you about $32 but you get 3 courses that are carefully crafted and excellent service. We chose a patio seat and decided on Yogurt con Melones, the buttermilk pancakes, and the chilaquiles. Everything is portioned well and you'll leave full aka getting your money's worth. I wasn't even sure how that was possible but it happened. My favorite was the pancakes - simple yet delicious with crisp white peaches. Mmmm....If you're looking for something special, to bring a date, or just try something new - check it out.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,10/22/2014,396,338,23,28,25>I know everything has been said and rated about The Kickin Crab.  But, I FINALLY had the opportunity to have lunch at the restaurant.  My persuasive plea to patronage the restaurant to hubby and sonny boy who do not enjoy seafood went like this....Yes, they have calamari and fish entrees and fish & chips, I think they even have a chicken sandwich.  I luv seafood and my family does NOT, God has a sense of humor... :)We arrived at the restaurant right at noon on a Saturday and were warmly greeted and sat at one of the tables.  Our lunch order:(1)  Cajun CalamariLightly battered and fried calamari served with a cocktail sauce....yummy!(2)  Fish & Chips w/ Cajun FriesSonny boy enjoyed his dish and said the fries were great.  I had a taste and agreed.(2)  Kickin' Combo No. 1Hubby & I ordered the mix and match of any 3 choices of Shrimp, Crawfish, Mussels, or Clams which is ale served with 2 potatoes, 2 corns, and 4 pieces of sausages. I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp and 1 pound of crawfish.  The seasoning I selected was Kickin' Style spicy which includes the Lemon Pepper, Cajun Louisiana & Garlic Butter.  Our combo was delivered to our table in the plastic bag &the feast started.  OMG, I was in heaven!  The shrimps were so plump and fresh....absolutely fabulous.  I wasn't quite sure how to eat the crawfish so I asked the patron next to my table how to go about eating the crawfish.  He was so kind and showed me.... I think it's too much work to eat the crawfish so I will pass on it the next time.  I so enjoyed my meal and will return to enjoy the shrimp in that fabulous sauce & the cajun fries.  I luv, luv, luv the Kickin Crab. There was no wait, the service was attentive and fabulous, and the food was outrageous and totally delectable!  A 5 Star Experience!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/4/2013,631,245,12,16,18>I'm upping to 5 stars because over the years I've seen improvements in their already great service and recipes, and I appreciate that. The Aji sauce is now one of my favorite things and has become absolutely crave-able. Who knows if they changed the recipe by lacing it with crack cocaine or I just learned to tolerate the heat better...no sé! This sauce is so yummy and spicy, but not unbearable. It should be applied liberally to all of your food, not just the mini hot dog buns you get in the beginning. Speaking of the buns - they are now so much more fresh and soft. And refillable. Huge plus.Sometimes when deciding where to eat, I factor in the likelihood and quality of leftovers for future meals. Not sure if that makes me cheap or frugal, but I'm a sucker for leftovers, and Mario's makes for awesome leftovers! Let's say you get the Saltado de Pollo - safe, reliable, but Mario's serves a ridiculously large portion. Throw the contents of your white styrofoam box straight out the fridge into a hot oiled skillet, stir fry for a few minutes til the potatoes have softened again and maybe throw a fried egg on top; best way to start your day. This place rules so hard. I love the fire show you get behind the glass windows that peer into the kitchen, too!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/3/2013,480,320,22,31,26>We've been here a couple of times in the last few months, and each time the food and service has been wonderful! I think we've found our favorite place for a nice, relaxing lunch yelp.com/biz_photos/bras….We started with the bread and the best garlic herb dipping sauce we've ever had yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…. We also split a delicious Caesar salad yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…. For our main meal, my husband ordered the Bouillabaisse and raved about how good it was yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…. The seafood was plentiful, and the sauce was rich and delicious. I ordered the Chicken and Mushroom Crepes yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…. The crepes were filled with tender chicken, mushrooms, and a heavenly creme sauce. The service was great here as well. Nadirah was our waitress, and she was friendly and helpful. The owner also stopped by our table to see how our meals were. We were really impressed by the wait staff's efficiency and helpfulness.We also liked the vintage feel of the restaurant with its dark wood furniture. yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…I also thought the little Christmas tree they had up was really cute!yelp.com/biz_photos/bras…We were so impressed with the incredible food and the staff's amazing service. This is a restaurant we're definitely coming back to.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/2/2013,528,672,10,16,13>Located in Fashion Island, everyone dining here was dressed immaculately except for me and my boyfriend. We really had no idea that this was a somewhat formal restaurant but we decided to eat here anyways. I was a little surprised at how small the menu was but this place is definitely the definition of quality over quantity. We started with an order of Deviled Eggs, and drinks. They definitely know how to make their alcoholic drinks. Strong and yummy. The Deviled Eggs were tasty with just the right amount of tang. I really liked the fact that they used celery in the filling. For our entrees, we ordered the Cheeseburger, the Spaghetti with Chicken Meatballs, and a side order of Fries. Man those fries were delicious. They didn't taste any special or different, but they were fresh and were dangerously addicting. My cheeseburger was juicy and really good. I enjoyed every bite of it. I've never heard of Chicken Meatballs and it was good! Chicken Meatballs are pretty good. The only complaint I have about the dish is that it came with a TON of broccoli and I wish it was cut up a little bit smaller. We couldn't leave this restaurant without trying their carrot cake since it's my boyfriend's favorite kind. It was super good and I really can't think of anything that was wrong with it. It tasted fresh, and loaded with all the right ingredients and came topped with a ton of walnuts that I devoured. It was delicious. This restaurant was worth the wait. It is a great environment and the perfect place for  cozy date. 5/5
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,1/1/2013,1027,405,18,26,22>The 100 yen store franchise from Japan has definitely been one of my favorite places to shop.  I've been to both the Torrance Daiso and this location. I think both are comparable.  You definitely have to buy what you want, when you see it because it might be gone next time you visit.  I will admit there are so much random things that you just want to whip out your camera and take a picture or even just laugh out loud/say, omg, really?  I feel the quality is a bit better than 99 cents only store and you also get much more variety.  Their products are colorful and very cute.  Appeals to girls frankly, but there are things appealing towards the fellas, such as the electronics section.  Everything is organized, clean, and the workers here are very helpful, friendly.  I've spent quite a bit of money here and I will tell you now, try to buy only things you need because with almost everything going for $1.50, it's easy to go a tad overboard.  Please note that not everything is $1.50.  A sticker will be placed on a product indicating a higher price, otherwise it's $1.50!   This store does get crazy during the weekend since its in a super busy plaza and is only a short walk away from Mitsuwa.  Furthermore, no minimum with debit cards, $10 minimum with credit cards.  i think they only accept Visa & Mastercard.If you haven't been, please go.  There is seriously something for everyone!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,12/31/2012,438,492,17,20,17>I've been disappointed by some of the new shaved ice/snow places that have recently popped up so I was very skeptical about this place.  Now I find myself asking "why did I wait so long?" This place is much better than I expected.  Some of the initial reviews are mixed but it seems they have gone through several changes since their opening.  It seems the owners have been reading the reviews and making improvements along the way.As of today the baby bear (regular) is $4.95 and hungry bear (large) is $6.95.  Two free toppings are included in the price.  I didn't see that big of a difference in size between the two but you can get two different flavors of shaved snow with the large vs. only one with the regular size.I tried three different flavors so far and they were all very soft and fluffy.  The texture is different than the ones you find at Class 302.  The texture here is more like a soft powder vs. silky sheets you find at Class 302.  It's still very good and they have lot more flavors to choose from.  Rose snow was surprisingly good and wasn't too strong like I anticipated.  It tasted great with some fresh strawberries, strawberry mochi, and condensed milk.Coconut snow was good too but it was probably my least favorite out of the three I tried.  I ordered it with condensed milk, mango mochi, and mango popping boba.  My topping combination was a bit too sweet.  I should've just stuck with mango mochi and maybe some coconut flakes instead.  They were very generous with toppings too so I actually ended up with more toppings than snow.The winner is definitely their taro.  There's a reason why so many people rave about it in their reviews.  The flavor is very milky and robust.  I was surprised they were able to pack so much flavor into shaved snow because they're usually faint.  It tasted like regular taro milk tea, especially when combined with some condensed milk.  I added coconut flakes and red beans for my topping but I probably should've replaced the red beans with regular mochi or boba.  The red beans masked the taro flavor a bit.  It's so good, I think I could've just eaten it plain.This place gets super packed on weekends.  When I first came here on a Sunday night, I had to wait about 40 minutes to get my shaved snow.  It was that busy.  Definitely try to come on a weekday if you want to avoid the aggravation.  Try to eat here instead of getting it to go.  Shaved snow should always be served on a plate so it maintains that fluffy texture.  In a to go container it gets squashed and becomes dense.  Note to owner(s):  please add fresh mangos and chewy rice cake as topping options.  It would also help if toppings were listed on the menu board so people can decide while they're waiting in line.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2012,12/30/2012,401,362,16,18,19>I have been here with a friend who thought it would be a pleasant walk while enjoying a taste of nature. Although it is tucked away and a bit difficult to find, it felt like we were going back in time once we entered the little "cabin" where there were brochures and a map of the site. The ladies inside were very friendly and it was cool to find out how much wildlife is home to this area. When we first set out on our walk it was amazing how many photographers were shooting various birds, especially crane's in this one spot. As we headed on our walk it was weird to know that surrounding this area were streets and cars driving all around. It was quite peaceful, saying hello to a passing walker, enjoying some great views, taking a moment to sit on a bench and look at a natural pond, hear birds singing, looking at pretty flowers and foliage and just waiting to see or find a surprise. Who knows, maybe a falcon or eagle soaring above looking for their prey or maybe a bunch of frogs or....well you get the idea. Nevertheless it was a nice excursion and I would like to come back and walk the many other acres we did not explore.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,12/29/2012,1095,3855,18,24,24>This Veggie Grill has a new look and the addition of the red to the green and orange is a welcoming one. The space looks very different to the usual cool and casual look, but instead, possesses a more upscale and refined look with plush booths and a counter to give it a diner-esque sort of feel.The menu is the same delicious one you will find everywhere and I loved how new additions are created to pump up the restaurant's appeal to everyone every so often. My new favorites are the crab cakes and the crispy chicken plate which is a vegan take on the fried chicken dinner. I was so impressed by how 'real' the "crab" and the "fried chicken" tasted.The VG rolls are chickin stuffed tortilla wraps in small sizes and are great for sharing or as an appetizer. These are delicious and tasty.If you've never been to a Veggie Grill, you need to go down to one RIGHT NOW. It is one of those places even your kids will love -- just don't tell them beforehand, let them eat the food first.I'm not vegetarian but I am completely in love with Veggie Grill's menu! The staff is also wonderfully attentive as they are at every other location I've been to. Even though it's a fast casual place, if a staff member sees your cup empty they will offer to refill it for you. It's awesome.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,12/28/2012,338,875,20,22,20>Helloooo new kid in town! Issara Thai has been open for a few weeks and a message from the owner put them on my radar. I happened to be in the area last night and decided to give them a try.The decor was clean, modern, and fresh...several steps above HITW status, but cozy enough to feel intimate. Red, white, and black with lots of open space makes this feel nice and vibrant.I ordered the yellow curry with chicken, and was surprised to discover that here it's served with roti -- which is like a Thai flatbread. The roti was delicious - chewy, with crispy edges, and perfect for sopping up the delicious curry (which, were I to rate this restaurant on curry alone, would be 5 stars). Figuring out how to eat the roti with the chicken and vegetables, however, was a bit of a challenge. It's kind of like serving Indian curry with naan and no rice. it's a great combination, but kind of an awkward way to eat curry. I finished the roti and still had quite a bit of curry to go. So I ended up getting an extra side of rice, which tacked on $2.00 to the bill. I felt like I had enjoyed the meal backwards.I love the unique pairing of a delicious curry with roti...I just feel that for a dish that really does need to be eaten with rice, it shouldn't cost an extra $2.00 to have a graceful way to consume it. I can't imagine trying to eat it this way on a date.Even with that glitch, I'm still an instant fan and this is easily a go-to spot for Thai food in north county. The service was friendly and prompt, and I believe they will start to get busier as the word gets out that there's a new legit Thai spot in Huntington Beach!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2012,12/27/2012,1078,989,10,15,14>BABY BACK RIBSPretty good. I really like the BBQ sauce they use. It's not too strong and compliments the ribs really nicely. ST. LOUIS RIBSThis is also a pork rib, but it's supposed to be a little less tender than the baby back. I really cannot tell the difference between the two. SWORDFISHThe amount you get with the lunch special is quite good. The swordfish was big, almost like a chicken and very meaty. The seasoning was light, but it was a nice compliment to the ribs. I really like the light tarter sauce though.MAC AND CHEESEMediocre. I thought it was good enough, but it didn't blow me away. COLESLAWI need a salad at my side when I eat ribs, and this did the job. Not too creamy, but it was good still. GARLIC MASH POTATOESI did not really taste the garlic at all. The mash was good, nothing spectacular or memorable, and I didn't eat much of it.The best part about this place is the no waiting, and the service. They were so attentive and the staff were all really nice. The no wait for seating and plenty of tv screens are also a big plus as opposed to Lucille's or Famous Dave's.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,12/25/2012,730,226,19,18,18>SABROSO - What a fitting name!The staff is super friendly and helpful.  So so nice.They have a Coca-Cola fridge full of Mexican sodas and fresh Coconuts ready to be opened for you to devour and drink the water inside! Oh joy! If I must say (which I do) Mexican soda is healthier than American soda because of the sugar used. Mexican drinks contain pure cane sugar, which though not healthy, is indeed healthy-ER than syrups and all that junk.They offer refried beans, black beans and white rice and Mexican Rice.  We tried them all and all tasted fresh.As it was glorified in many other reviews, I ordered the Mushroom Chicken (which is strange at a Mexican restaurant, right?) with refried beans and white rice. I can really see why people loved it.  The flavors were exquisite.My boo had the Chicken Fajitas with all-white meat, black beans and Mexican rice.  It was delicious as well.  Very well-seasoned chicken which is hard to come by in Fajitas anywhere.We also shared the fresh coconut water in the coconut and ate that fantastic flesh inside! Just like Mexico! Of course, my boo doesn't appreciate it because he isn't Mexican, but I sure can!And those FRESH tortillas! Oh my, goodness! Again, just like Mexico. Good luck getting fresh tortillas from chain restaurants :)It was delicious! It was delectable, it was, wait for it...SABROSO!Can't wait to go back!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2006,1/9/2007,0,0,,7,6>Went here for Christmas dinner last night. They were open until 12am!Ordered:Salt and Pepper PrawnsLobster w/ Black Bean SauceSteamed Crab w/ Butter SauceSteamed Clams w/ Ginger and ScallionsPeking Duck (half order)Not a single dish disappointed me nor my fiance.The Dim Sum here is great too. I love their shumai and radish cake. Their menu items are good and are reasonably priced. I go here A LOT and have been a patron for several years. Favourite ItemsShrimp - Salt and Pepper Prawns (head on)Clams - Steamed w/ ginger and ScallionsNoodles - Assorted Fried NoodlesLive Seafood - Lobster w/ Black Bean SauceVegetable - Steamed Chinese Broccoli w/ Oyster SauceEverything is good. I dont like certain items only because of my personal tastes, but they are still good. (i.e. honey walnut shrimp, sweet and sour chicken, etc.).Service is typical of any Chinese restaurant but that doesn't matter once you start eating. =)Good food. Fair pricing. Clean establishment. Fast service.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2006,1/8/2007,0,0,3,4,3>I am obsessed with Korean bakeries.  This place makes the best pastries with vanilla cream and little pieces of chestnut.  It's to die for.  The interior is really happenin' and if I lived closer I'm sure I would frequent this place to get a coffee and pastry while people-watching.  There's just something about Korean baked goods that really distinguishes it from its American counterparts.  The cakes are whimsical but somewhat pricey.  Most of them are chiffon cakes and cost about $25 and upwards. I mean come on, it's a sponge cake that is essentially 60% air.  I'm sure even the non-Koreans will be smitten by this place. Just stay away from the weird hot dog and corn filled breads.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2006,1/7/2007,97,46,2,3,3>For all you into Japanese fixing's and knick knacks, this is your spot.  Its literally a mini mall; you'll find a full-on supermarket, book store, plates & china, comic book store, car accessories, cellphones, travel agents, beauty products, and food shops...I particularly like coming here to eat; for 5 to 8 bucks, you can get a big meal from one of the 5 mini stores to eat at; all of it genuine and delicious!...Sometimes i come here to get some specialty drinks and deserts from the supermarket.  Other days I just want to hang out with good friends and browse the assorted array of products offered in the mini stores...Its a cool place, a break away from the typical OC bubble shops you'll find in most plazas.  Parking can be neurotic and "tight" at times, but over all a good experience...For a melancholy moment, meet at Mitsuwa Marketplace!..-RR
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2006,1/5/2007,98,145,14,3,6>I found out, while visiting family in southern California that my P.O.S. ex-boyfriend (who made all kinds of fantastical promises he never intended to keep), had canceled my 'friends and family' membership so he could put his new girlfriend on his psycho fitness/ diet regime.  The kindly (and also slightly sleazy) gentleman behind the sales desk hemmed and hawed when I told him that it was a mistake (*wink*) and that I couldn't possibly live without, like, 12 gym memberships (I have A.D.D. and just can't be satisfied with the climbing wall at one or the pool at another or the yoga classes at YET another.  I wish I were exaggerating.  Alas, I am a nutjob.  And also, broke.).  After asking me for my phone number and then out to lunch (to which I giggled, then demurred.  I'm Asian, we're born with the natural talent), the sleazy salesdude finally let me continue paying for my membership at my ridiculously cheap rate (if you knew how cheap it were, you'd keep it, too...  besides, as mentioned above, I am a complete loon and actually do have multiple gym memberships and use them all).  I still think 24 hour is a pretty disgusting chain that capitalizes on people's insecurities about their appearances.  And don't even get me started on the systemic hygiene issues in this franchise.  But, this location gets an extra star for its horndog salesmen who, apparently, will totally bite the hand that writes their paychecks in an effort to bag any chick who walks through the front door.  Righteous.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2006,1/4/2007,28,84,13,3,4>Primo spot for Indian food when you are kickin' it in a * Beach city. I prefer Bukhara over Punjab on Brookhurst but both are quite slamming. And big ups to Bukhara for their Sunday brunch which includes a glass of champagne. It ain't Ros or Dom, but whatever, champagne with my "all you can eat" brunch on a Sunday morning is just plain madness!So I have only ever been here for the brunch and each time, DAMN, Bukhara hands it to me on a silver platter. It isn't like they cart out the crappy stuff for brunch and save the endangered species meat for dinner. The brunch is always brimming with awesome carnivore and herbivore options. My only problem is not eating too much since I always pile everything so damn high on my plate that I can't go back to try more deliciousness. Sag paneer, holla atcha boi! Tandoori Chicken, throw it ^! Awesome spongy things with syrup, oMG, SO DELISH!And after you are done eating your heart out, swing by Nickel Nickel for some hardcore video game action. As you can see, Bukhara would make the PERFECT date spot. "Sup girl. Want hit the lunch brunch at Bukhara?""Sure""We gonna str8 kick it at Nickel Nickel after too.""Ohhhhhh, you're sooooooooooo dreamy!"
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2006,1/3/2007,308,187,2,5,7>I like Red Robin not just for their burgers but the other items they have on the menu.  The Spectrum location is especially convenient (and big) for those going hungry while shopping and whatnot.   It's perfect when hanging around a large group especially after coming out of the movie theaters.While I'm not huge on burgers, Red Robin cooks up some really good ones, albeit at wallet-thinning prices.  The mushroom burger is really good and I especially like the new Burger Parmigiana with mozarella and tomato sauce.  Problem is, I have a hard time finishing it as they're all pretty filling.  Also worth mentioning is the French onion soup.But perhaps the best reason to come here is for their bottomless "knife" fries.  Well actually, to make it the best reason you HAVE to order their special honey mustard sauce.  I don't know how they make it, but their dressing is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  It's tangy and sweet and makes the fries taste oh so good... Adding the dressing to the chicken salad makes it taste great too.  What boggles me is why Red Robin doesn't sell this sauce at the market or even in their own restaurant.  But then again, if they did I probably wouldn't need to come here anymore so I guess they got me there.  Darn.The freckled lemonade (strawberry lemonade) is a must try.  They even give you bottomless refills.  I order it everytime I stop in.Prices are rather expensive.  Sometimes I have trouble figuring out what to order as pretty much 90% of their menu items are $10 or more...yes, even the appetizers.  The prices are what keeps me from coming in more often.  But man oh man, when the craving for fries smothered with honey mustard sauce builds up, oh what the hell.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,1/2/2007,2,8,,4,4>I love this store! It's a haven of good design in Long Beach. I've been there quite a few times, and I've often come out with a new art book, some small home decoration, or a cute gift for someone. My husband and I decided to register there for our wedding and it was nice to get some different stuff other than your usual Crate and Barrel. The owner is always so nice and personable, and has a lot of great suggestions in the home design department. It seems like he has a design consultation component too which I'd be interested to find out more about sometime.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2006,1/1/2007,63,36,1,9,8>I LOVE this place!!! I've been coming here for over a year now. The owner, David, is so friendly and always takes time out to say hi to his regular customers (which I am now one of).Of all the authentic Mexican foods listed on the menu, I've got a handful of favorites! #1 Pozole- packed with YUMMY Hominy and huge Chunks of meat!!!#2 Ceviche de Pescado- they use White Sea Bass, OMGoodness!!!(my cousin craved/ate this thru her entire pregnancy!!!)#3 Shrimp Cocktail- Great Texture w/ Creamy Avocado cubes and Crunchy Fresh Cucumbers!!! Squeeze in some Lime juice... HEAVEN!!!#4 Super Quesadillas- So GIGANTIC they serve it in a Large Pizza Box!#5 Their BREAKFAST Combos!!!  The eggs they use are the biggest (yolks, sunnyside up/over easy) I've ever seen!!!If you're in this part of the LBC, stop by for a great meal, and tell David I said "Hi!"
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2006,12/31/2006,96,144,,3,3>The food at BJ's is whatever but once a month there is a beer tasting on the patio of the Brea BJ's.  It's around $20 and you get to "taste" 14 or so different beers.  There is someone talking about the beer that you are tasting.  But after several tastes it's hard to pay attention.  When I went they were doing Bock's which were almost all starting off at 6% alcohol.  I had 14 "tastes" plus all the free beer I could drink because they ordered too much for the tasting.  Needless to say, going to work was hard the next day.  It was great.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2006,12/30/2006,168,40,4,5,6>Went here for dinner and drink on Saturday night and stayed for booze and... dancing? Yeah i guess dancing... The food and service was impressive, better then the other times i had been here. Halibut with lovely sauce and greens.They close down the kitchen, at some time, not sure when but they do. Then it becomes social hour at Memphis. They stop giving you glasses and bust out plastic cups for cocktails (lame), and the place gets packed.I hadn't ever really felt old until this night, Jesus, the crowd look young. The crowd was also "hip" or "cool" or whatever... I am not really either of them but it didn't bother me that much. They respected my alcoholic space, and while i got some odd looks for sitting alone outside with a cocktail and smoke in hand it didn't really bother me to much. These kids are just realizing how to use alcohol to make life better, I can at least set an example.Would I go there again? Yes, the food was great, yes the service was good. Besides the plastic cocktail cups, and DJ that just played hits all night (come on buddy you can do better then playing the Michael J hits from off the wall all night) it was fun.There aren't a ton of places I like in orange county but this is one of them, i think.No metro rail info... this is orange county.. you gots ta drive.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/24/2014,979,330,15,27,18>Ahimsa in Sanskrit means "to not injure." That's all good and dandy, but Ahimsa Vegan Kitchen has definitely harmed my relationship with Veggie Grill. To make matters worse, Ahimsa is a less than a 10 minute walk from my apartment so I'll most likely go here, again and again and again. I met up with some friends who had also been meaning to check this place out since it was renovated and reopened. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp for a free samosa or chips and dip! I got the samosa...it's AMAZING. It's also HUGE and the chutney it comes with is the perfect sweetness in contrast to the savory flaky potato dumpling. For a check in, it's one of the best I've seen out there and will definitely have to make use of it more often. I ordered the Vietnamese Spring Rolls to share with the group and a Thai Temple Bowl with mock chicken. The spring rolls...more like Vietnamese burritos, are rice paper wrappers stuffed full of romaine, avocado, carrots, bean sprouts, and cucumber and it's served with a gingery tahini sauce. I think it would be awesome to serve it with a modified version of their peanut basil sauce as well. Two rolls...two sauces...me two times as happy. The Thai Temple bowl is a generous vat of yummy basily peanut goodness. Stir fried veggies, mock chicken, bean sprouts, and brown rice topped with that amazing peanut sauce. It's got a little kick to it...unbenownst to me- i put some sriracha on it and BOOM. Perfect meal.For the price and the amount served, you could definitely get two real meals out of it. My friends all had sandwiches and I think I want to definitely get into that Reuben they have.Gosh, vegan food is just so awesome and delicious. I'm glad downtown long beach has this addition....now I have somewhere to walk to when I want something wholesome, delicious, and socially and calorically guilt-free.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/23/2014,272,107,29,36,32>If you love chocolate you have to check this place out.I usually get the pb&j ice cream sandwich. It's a bit hard when you get it but if you let it sit for a while it will soften up. My coworker got the rocky road sandwich. I took a bite out if it and it was one of the most chocolatety things I've ever had. The sandwich consist if 2 chocolate chip cookies holding the ice cream in place. The cookie itself had big chunks of chocolate and the ice cream was too overwhelming for my taste( I'm not a huge chocolate fan) I was soo overwhelmed by the chocolate that midway through my sandwich I removed a entire cookie from one side. The ice cream itself is good and it really does taste like a pb&j sandwich.The place wasn't full there were a couple tables left and the staff is friendly. They greet you upon arrival and ask you if you'd want a sample. Great ice cream parlor
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,4/22/2014,743,499,27,34,34>Just ate here tonight and I was surprised it was so packed! It's friday and lent, I would think many ppl gave up meat O.o However, it could be due to our big group of 14 that we had to wait about 2 hours before getting seated. The hostess had a friendly attitude when we kept bugging them how much longer so props to that. They tried their hardest to get us a big table ASAP.The grills here are small compared to most kbbq places, but I like that they automatically provide your table w/ 2 tongs and 2 scissors! The side dishes were just ok. I still think Gen and Cham Soot Gol have better side dishes. The radish wrapping here is pink rather than the clear green you normally see. The rice paper squares are really small, but I don't eat it anyway. Like most have said, the menu has cute names of meats. Normally I don't get filler items like rice, but HERE you must try the fried rice w/ the meats!! Thank me later it makes the dinner better :) There is no extra charge for rices and it's unlimited servings. The rice here is actually fluffy and soft, cooked perfect. Seasoning on the fried rice is good tooThe Best Cow in School (Flap Tail Steak) - DEFINITELY owns up to its name. This was the table fav and we got like 5 orders of it. The portion size is perfect, comes out looking like seared beef tataki. This dish needs very little time on the grill since it's already been seared in the kitchen. I was surprised at how juicy and tender the meat was each time. Dip it in the green tea salt with chili garlic and brisket sauce, wrap it in radish paper and you're good to go! Or you can eat it on its own w/ the salad, it has enough flavorDon't Rib Me Off (Seasoned Rib Meat) - Comes out rolled up in pinwheels. It didn't look appetizing and didn't look like short ribs. After grilling though, I didn't care about how it looked 'cause it tasted delicious! The bad thing is these cuts tend to have lots of chewy and fat parts so try to avoid those by cutting w/ your scissors. This was another table favoriteSkinny Dipping Cow (brisket) - Not the best brisket I've had. I would say skip this, it's too dry compared to most other kbbq placesBeef Tongue - Small thin slices, but lots of marbling. I would say the tongue here is better than Gen's, but not better than Cham Soot Gol's. Takes a while for it to get crispyTofu Soup & Egg Pot - I love that they allow you unlimited servings of both! Most places let you choose just one or the other and you don't get refills. Another good thing about this place is the serving size of the soup & egg pot. Rather than filling it all the way to the top of the stone pot, they fill it up about 1/3 full so it's enough for one person to finish on their own w/out feelin stuffed. The tofu soup here isn't bad, but REALLY oily. The egg pot was just ok, I like the fish roe they sprinkled on top w/ it.Bulgogi - Lean cuts and I like the flavoring here. It's not overly sweet and the meat texture didn't seem old. Cooked up nice & fast, loved the onions alsoVegetable plate - Not as good of a variety of veggies as Gen and it didn't look as appetizing. This dish came w/ slices of potato, eggplant, mushrooms, squash, and onion. The mushrooms were goodIt was $20/person for dinner which isn't too bad. BTW, MAX 4 CREDIT CARDS PER TABLE!!(so if you go in a big group like us, make sure some ppl have cash). Service was all over the place, but they were pretty much on top of it. Servers didn't seem too frantically overwhelmed by our demanding starving table haha. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but it's not a bad kbbq place if you're looking to try a new spot
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/21/2014,1170,285,22,26,24>My favorite place for a chirashi sushi!!I've gone here twice for the lunch special. $20 for their Super Chirashi that includes miso soup, salad, chirashi, and chef's choice dessert. What a deal!! It's not listed on their regular menu, but rather inserted beneath their glass table tops so it's easy to miss (reason why I even mention this is because other patrons have always asked the server what I ordered).From beginning to end, everything about this particular special is spectacular. The dressing on the salad is amazing-slightly sweet, tangy, with some ginger. The variety of sashimi in the chirashi is always served fresh on top of sushi rice. It's orgasmic, really. Dessert is also very delicious. Fruits in gelatin with a scoop of ice cream that resembles shaved ice. Not sweet at all.Service is always on point. They're quick and my glass of water is always full.I love, love, love Sushi Koto. Always a great experience.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,4/20/2014,380,334,19,25,23>Shrimps and oysters!!! :D Yum-yum! I have been on a creole kick lately, trying all the creole places I can. This one is one of favs for oysters and the shrimps. They have a great selection of oysters from Kumamotos to Blue Points. Our server suggested this type of oyster I have never heard of called "Paradise" they taste just like kumamotos but bigger. Those are now my favorite oysters. Sweet with a hint cucumber flavor to them. Awesome! Right now, crawfish isn't in season however, they do sell fresh ones (they are small right now) unlike other establishments that are selling them frozen. Their sauce is on the spicier side for me so I have to get the "kid" version.. LOL!!! (sad I know) But it does have great flavor. I also recommend getting the toasted baguette and dipping it into the sauce after all your seafood is gone. SO GOOD! The only thing I wish they had was regular sake or soju instead of just the flavored ones.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/19/2014,479,164,25,34,29>Come here for the rolls, not the sashimi!We did not plan anything special for Valentine's day this year. Usually we go all out for omakase dining, but with the wedding coming up, I did not want to spend our once-a-year $200 on sushi.My fiancé seemed relieved about it, lol, but did not want to spend V-day eating Taco Bell, which was what I suggested. He still wanted me to have my sushi fix, albeit much less cheaper. We both had never been here before, and it was not very busy that Valentine's night. We were seated immediately; Service was quick and attentive enough, and our waiter was very polite.I ordered a sashimi platter:yelp.com/user_local_phot…and the Medium Chef's pick order came out like this:yelp.com/user_local_phot…The fish were fresh, but not the best quality. Not too shabby for $11.99 though. But the rolls!!!I liked how the rolls pretty much came out exactly like the menu pictures.The crunchy onion and albacore was excellent with lots of crunchy onion topping goodness, and I don't even like spicy tuna. yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…The rolls are of a large size, but not with too much rice.yelp.com/user_local_phot…We also ordered the samurai rollyelp.com/user_local_phot…which was even better than the crunchy onion and albacore!yelp.com/user_local_phot…It was packed with eel, cream cheese, crab stick and avocado, and again, with very little outside rice. Delicious!yelp.com/user_local_phot…If I had just eaten the sashimi, I would rate this place 3 stars. But the rolls are very good! A little pricey, but there's happy hour! A good reason to return!yelp.com/user_local_phot…Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin'!(Good rolls remind me of the Limp Bizkit song)
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/18/2014,2426,700,34,49,42>If you're familiar with Palsaik (8 colors) Korean BBQ in LA, this is their newest flagship restaurant in the new Koreatown of Orange County - Buena Park. They updated their name to Eight Korean BBQ, as Nick H. explains in his review. "Eight Korean BBQ = Palsaik - 8 Flavors of Pork Belly and More!" I simply refer to this chain as - "The Notorious P.I.G." My BFF Sandra S. calls it "Piggie Smalls." So if you haven't figured it out by now, they're known for their pork and damn proud of it.For those of you that have dined at Honey Pig, this restaurant is going to give you that familiar feeling with their kimchee and bean sprouts. But, as Emeril Lagasse would say - "Kick it up a notch!" How? By providing quality swine in 8 different variations, each flavored differently. They give you radish to pair with the pork, along with a Seafood Soybean Stew. Boiled to perfection at your table, as the thick cut bacon starts to sizzle. Top it off with some Seafood Fried Rice at the end. What a marvelous and scrumptious sight.LET'S DO THIS...* They got no beef with you, so order the pork. Aren't you here for that anyway? Order the stuff that they brag about. But, do explore their menu.* Wrap the pork in the pink radish and enjoy. Try the radish dipped in soy sauce. It's something else. Ask for sesame seed oil and pour that over the salt. It just tastes way better. * Order the 8 Flavor Set (wine, original, ginseng, garlic, herb, curry, miso paste, red pepper paste. Trust me, that's enough pork. You can order more later. Once, you sample each flavor, then come back next time and order the ones you like. For me, the ginseng, wine, herb, and curry was money.* Words just can't describe how good the Seafood Soybean Stew is. Spicy, full of flavor, hearty - the trick is to boil the hell out of it. That really produces the best taste. Don't be shy, ask for more broth.* When it's all said and done, they'll make Seafood Fried Rice, using the remaining stew. Unlike, most fried rice that you get at KBBQ joints, this version is clean, not as oily, and just tastes proper.* Order Soju. It'll make the people around you more interesting. Not to mention the fact that is goes great with the pork.SMART IS THE NEW SEXY* The table is state of the art. It holds the grill, the temperature setting, and has an opening where the fat and oil drips from the grill to a hole inside the table. It also has a drawer that contains utensils, napkins, and a place to hold your phone and keys. * When was the last time you saw radish being used as the grill cleaner? They attach it to half a chopstick and it keeps the grill smooth and moist. No need to change grills.* A normal stool? Not even close. You can open the seat and place your belongings inside. I've heard women complain about how the grease stained their Gucci bag. Problem solved.NO RESERVATIONSI'm lying. They do accept them. Along, with Kang Hodong Baekjeong, you should definitely go check this place out. The only hassle is the to parking sometimes, but I heard they now have valet service.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/17/2014,2200,807,43,52,45>I probably get Thai food once a week.  My significant other and I have tried Thai restaurants from all over.  The one nearest to us has been a huge disappointment since they changed owners.  Because Thai Way is nearby where he works, he decided to give this place a chance.  We got ordered the following and its description:Shrimp rolls- Shrimp wrapped and deep fried in wonton wrapping paper served with sweet sauce and fish sauce.  Really good and a good option for an appetizer. Crab fried rice- The portion was huge!  For two i don't think we even ate half. It was served with an Asian flavored egg omelette on topped.  It was flavorful and went well with the other food we got.  Chicken- It was pieces of chicken chopped up in the box.  It was a little dry. They give you a lot of chicken with sweet and sour sauce.  It was probably my least favorite because it was dry and not flavored as well.  Shrimp Pad Thai- Really flavorful and my most favorite. It came with plenty of shrimp and the portion was also large.  I recommend this.  The restaurant is more of a to-go place. It is small with four-five tables.  The lady working was really nice. The wait was 15 minutes for all that food and the total was $30. I thought it was completely worth it considering how everything, except the chicken, was really good and how large the potions were.  We will be ordering from here more often.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/16/2014,262,594,38,44,39>Finally a worthy 5 stars for numerous items and super-duper cheap prices, even here in Mission Viejo!  This was really needed as I've had a recent spat of crummy places that received crummy reviews.The original is located in San Diego and they are up to 50 years!  yelp.com/biz_photos/robe…They are located on corner of La Paz and Muirlands, across from Albertson's and they took over a space that was a failed fish spot.  Welcome to Mission Viejo.Say it with me...Rolled Tacos!  That is the winning ticket in quantity, quality, taste, freshness and price.  5 beauties for $3.99, covered in pretty damn good guacamole and sprinkled liberally with cheese.  yelp.com/biz_photos/robe…Great deals ahead...huge stuffed-full carne asada burritos for $5.49 yelp.com/biz_photos/robe… and authentic and tasty refried beans, lard included.  Breakfast burritos are $1.00 off before 10:30 am and the machaca (a 2nd visit) was $3.49 and .75 extra for cheese:  yelp.com/biz_photos/robe…A 3rd visit will be in order so I can try a chimichanga and/or the carne asada fries for 2 at $7.99 which includes fries, cheese, carne asada, guacamole & sour creamA new fave and so so happy they are in the neighborhood.  Extras:  Booth seating inside, some bar-counter area with stools and a bit of outdoor seating.  The inside is clean, freshly painted bright colors, there are restroom facilities and staff was pretty friendly and helpful.  They have typical soda machines, Pepsi products, horchata/pina colata and Mexican soda and bottled water.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/15/2014,396,338,23,28,24>I've been abducted to the Zone...The Seafood Zone.  The restaurant is now on my list to patronage at least once a week.  Yes, it's that GOOD!  OMG....The restaurant serves the BEST Mojarra Frita!The small order at the counter restaurant is located across the street from Chuck E Cheese on Edwards.  It's a small casual restaurant but offers tasty food and friendly service.  Hubby and I went to the restaurant for a take out order:(1)  Mojarra Frita - Whole Fried TilapiaThe owner asked me if I wanted garlic and spicy (diabla) sauce on my fish....umm, "Yes Please."  My fish was so yummylicious....it was topped with ALOT of minced garlic and diabla sauce.  The fish was perfectly prepared and was moist and so yummylicious.  The black beans, rice, and salad with the green & mayo dressing were also delish.  As we were eating...... Hubby said, "Damn, your fish must be really good because you are not talking."  Damn, right .... =)   (2)  Fish Taco PlateHubby seldom orders fish tacos but it was a Friday on lent....so, he said he would try the grilled fish tacos with rice and beans. Hubby's comment after his first bite of the tacos, "I don't really like fish tacos but these are the BEST fish tacos I've ever eaten."  He said the grilled fish was fresh and he liked the avocado.  Since our first time at the Zone, hubby has ordered the fish tacos plate twice.... :)(3)  Fish & ChipsSonny's 3 pieces of white fish was lightly battered, fried and served with french fries & salad.  Sonny really liked his dish and I tried the fish and it was delish!  I tremendously enjoyed my first experience at the Seafood Zone which provides great tasting food and service.  What more can you ask for?  ..... :)The second time I called in an order for my Mojarra Frita, the owner told me, "The fish I have today are on the smaller side and I will discount the price for you."  Talk about great service.... and I didn't even notice the difference.  There is a reason that the Seafood Zone is highly rated........they care about their customers by serving delicious food with wonderful service.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their other dishes.  I definitely had a  5 Star experience!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,8/23/2008,67,110,16,14,12>My friends have been raving about this place since it opened. It's always "The Counter this," "The Counter that," "Sweet potato fries at The Counter," "Hot bartender at The Counter," "I closed down The Counter the other night," and on and on and on. I was really starting to feel like I was missing out on something.Visit #1 to The Counter - I meet up with friends. However, I have just horribly injured my back and can hardly move, and I have legit plans that don't involve building my own burger. The thing was, I was just curious about this place and I wanted to check it out to see what the buzz was about. I stayed with my friends for about 10 minutes, had a sip of the shake of the month (it was birthday cake shake that month) and promptly died of happiness. I grabbed a few sweet potato fries to go and hunched along to my other plans. I must be back.Visit #2 to The Counter - I talked some other friends into battling rush hour 405 traffic to check it out with me. We got a table with no wait (the wait came about 10 minutes later. Suckers!) and we ordered sweet potato fries and built our burgers. I got a turkey burger on a hamburger bun with all kinds of burger accoutrements that escape me right now. I was full by the time the burger got there because they deliver the fries early, and I thought the turkey burger was a tad dry, but I enjoyed my meal a great deal. The highlight was the horseradish sauce that comes with the sweet potato fries. I wanted to take shots of it. Visit #3 - Brought the hubs and some other friends. Now we were the suckers as there was a substantial wait on a Sunday evening. Luckily we found four seats at the bar. I think I liked sitting at the bar more than sitting at a table. We ordered Blue Moons and opted for the 50/50 (onion strings and sweet potato fries) to start off our gorge-fest. I stuck with the turkey burger, but threw all kinds of random stuff on it - blue cheese, grilled onions, roasted garlic aioli, mmm. It was delish. I regretted not adding sauteed mushrooms as soon as aforementioned hot bartender took my order, but I still loved my burger. My choices were better than before and I wolfed it down with much ferocity. I even finished the onion rings and fries and sucked down two Blue Moons. It's okay to call me fatty, just not to my face, please. I like The Counter. A lot. I like burgers. I like sweet potato fries. I like beer. I like that I have introduced a few other friends to it and now I look like the cool one who knows what she is talking about. I don't particularly like that it is in the middle of effing nowhere or the number on my bill at the end of a meal, but I can't have my burger and eat it, too, I guess.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,8/21/2008,72,86,2,13,10>Having been an annual passholder at the Happiest Place on Earth for 2 years, I've been dying to try the much lauded Napa Rose. For our 2 year anniversary, the boyfriend surprised me with a dinner at said establishment. It isn't your typical Disney fare or brouhaha. No character dining here, folks.  Zagat rated, recipients of the DiRONA award, plus much more, Napa Rose offers a rich menu in food inspired by California's famous wine country that changes seasonally. It also offers a four course prix fixe "Vinter's Table" menu ($80 per person; $45 for 4 flights of wine) that changes every Friday. The couple next to us had ordered the prix fixe and it looked phenomenal (rosemary lamb, if I remember correctly, was the entree for the prix fixe and was about the size of my face). If you're a big wine aficionado (or just a big wino), sommelier Michael Jordan is one of the few master sommelier in the world and the wine at Napa Rose does not seem to disappoint (the cellar holds 1,000 labels and 17,000 bottles, and a 1999 Romanee-Conti-- $4,750!). Wine pairing is sure to be on our to-do list for our next visit.Our dinner was overlooked by our waiter, Issac-- prompt, efficient, giving the diner just enough space. Ever been asked, "How's the food? How's everything going?" while your mouth is shamelessly stuffed? Awkward, eh? Forced to nod hopelessly with morsels of food dusting your face, the waiter usually scurries away without further ado. Issac made sure this didn't happen and for that, I am grateful. Jon, my boyfriend, likes to assess just how good service is at a restaurant by the frequency at which they refill the water glass. The glass was never half empty and thus, Jon was pleased. At the end of dinner, Issac presented us with a box of truffles for our anniversary. Very sweet and unexpected. Another reason to commend Napa Rose for its thoughtful staff.Our dinner was a romantic, unforgettable way to celebrate. We've been annual passholders at Disney for 2 years and after eating at Napa Rose, our adventures at the happiest place on earth have come to fruition. Open kitchen. Napa Rose's decor (along with the rest of the Disney Grand Californian Hotel) is modeled after the Arts & Crafts movement. A rose motif is subtly introduced throughout the dining area, taking shape above in the form of light fixtures. Elongated windows overlook the back of the hotel and California Adventure, soft hand blown glass finish the woodsy accent and make the restaurant one of the most elegant places without any pretentiousness (same goes for the service, which often comes across as haughty at a 5 star, in LA no less).BREAD BASKET! Parmigiano-Reggiano flatbread, the usual run of the mill sourdough, some sort of bread with a hole in the middle, fantastic tasting olive bread. Our starter: Sauteed hand harvested scallops with a sauce of lemon butter & lobster accented with tahitian vanillaJon's entree: Bacon wrapped maple leaf farms duck breaststuffed with wild mushrooms & truffle butter with dried apricot-walnut conserveMy entree: Grilled canadian king salmonlobster & clam chowder, with winter squash, leeks, and applewood smoked bacon Our side: vegetable ratatouille (farm fresh baby carrots, broccoli, winter squash)Sauteed hand harvested scallops-- garnished with little potato crunchies. The right amount of tautness in the meat atop a small cloud of mashed potatoes. Give the scallop a whirl in the sauce, pick up a few lobsters bits speckled along for the ride, and it completely numbs your mouth before the synapses fire and a million flavors kick in.Grilled Canadian king salmon-- salmon done medium. In a lobster-bisque sort of thing, with tasty clams. The indiscernible pieces of squash and leek stole away from the presentation, but definitely did not steal from the flavor of the fish. The salmon was juicy and perfectly flaky, with a touch of a smoked flavor. The bisque provided a sweet respite to the fish. Very satisfying-- and filling.Bacon wrapped duck breast-- a thin sweep of very fine pesto sauce lines the bottom along with the apricot conserve, giving the dish a harmony in taste. This was the moistest duck I've ever tried (like many Asian children growing up, I was raised on roast duck a la Sam Woo BBQ or Beijing style-- often oily and fatty). The bacon was meticulously pressed onto the duck and the meat of the fowl was deliciously smoked and tender, without obvious traces of fat or oil.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,8/20/2008,548,730,7,6,5>So, I can be an absent friend at times - I'll get busy or distracted, and kind of fall of the face of the earth for long stretches. This was  the case with two of my buddies, Hana K. and Rodger R. So I wanted to meet them for dinner, and I needed a charming place to do so. So we went to Park Avenue.Park Avenue's best feature is its kitschy interior. I love the retro-awesome vibe the place gives off.I also enjoyed most of the food I had here, including a truly nice cut of rib-eye that was simply seasoned and perfectly grilled. My start, French Onion Soup, was a bit murkier than I like my Onion Soup being, and was also surprisingly bland in the salt department.I appreciated the fact that I could order a milkshake for dessert, which had me uttering Daniel Day Lewis' completely overplayed and now-annoying catch phrase as I plowed through my frosty treat.Bottom line: it was a great place to reconnect with two awesome friends. And I drank the milkshake.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,8/19/2008,5,11,9,10,11>Alrighty folks, confession time.  I used to hate eating pho.  Well, hate is a strong word, maybe intensely disliked is a more accurate description.  I dismissed it as the lowest ranking member in the most noble and illustrious of the Asian noodle family tree.  Why settle for bland broth and tasteless noodles when you could indulge your discriminating buds in the exotic delights of a good spicy ramen or the MSG-loaded goodness of taiwanese beef noodle soup?  I honestly used to dread when my friends suggested the prospect of any pho restaurant as a meal destination, knowing that my palate was in for a boring, tepid ride.  My unfortunate situation was made even worse when I started college close to Westminster, where pho is basically on par with white rice as a cheap and convenient food staple.And then I met Kimmy.  And all was right in the world.Hands down, the BEST pho I have ever eaten.  Granted, I'm not Viet, so I can't really compare it to any ancient family recipes, but I've been to my fair share of pho joints, ranging from pho 24 to 100 and beyond.  The robustly flavored soup, the delicate ribbons of rare beef, everything in that one perfectly steaming bowl of heaven changed my views of pho forever.  Take my review with a grain of salt, because everyone's tastes are different and yadda yadda, but for me at least, pho and Kimmy are synonymous.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,8/17/2008,142,169,5,7,6>I never thought I'd find a supermarket that I love as much as Han Gook in San Jose, but this place proved me wrong. I'm in Irvine pretty much every weekend, and I am deathly addicted to Korean food, so I find myself here on a weekly basis.They have sales (and free samples too!) on weekends. Who gives away a whole ice cream mochi away as a free sample? Who gives away a whole ice cream mochi away PER FLAVOR as a free sample? The awesome lady at Zion, that's who. There are also tables set up with miso/ginger salad dressing/marinade, naeng myun, soba noodles, asian energy drinks, etc. They're all there and the samples are quite large. Zion is awesome-r than Costco.The fresh produce, especially the peaches, nectarines, and cucumbers, are dirt cheap too. And it's good quality produce! You don't have to do any digging to find fresh and well-displayed garden goodies. What the hell is 99 cents per 3 lbs? Why not just stick up a sign that reads "FREE" instead? I bought 3 plastic bag loads of peaches for less than a dollar fifty. And I finished them. They were good.I also buy naeng myun here because it's packaged really conveniently, you only boil the (fresh) noodles for 30 seconds, the soup is already mixed for you, and it's the yummiest thing you can possibly eat on a hot summer night.  It probably doesn't hurt that each package provides two meals of sustenance and only costs 3.3 dollars.True love, thou dost reside in Irvine.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,8/16/2008,879,320,10,12,11>I've recently returned from Japan, and whenever I go to Honda-Ya, I feel like I'm back over there in some pub.  I say that not because it's an obviously "Japanese" restaurant, but really more for the atmosphere.  There's been a number of crazy nights at Honda-Ya reminiscent of some equally crazy nights in pubs around Tokyo's Roppongi and Shinjuku areas.  Sake flows excessively over there, and there's no shortage of Sapporo to even things out a bit.  Some of my friends have a huge affinity for the Onigorishi Sake they have.  The extra large bottle is quite dangerous even in a group of 6+, so if you have any qualms about singing karaoke, they will be lost when you find yourself stumbling across the parking lot to the karaoke joint 100m away.As for food, anything fried or yakitori is key.  I'm a big fan of the Tonkatsu.  The food is so cheap you can get tons of it for next to nothing.  I'd stay away from the sushi, as you really don't go there for that.  Service is always great there.  The waiters/waitresses will join you in your quest for a massive hangover the next morning, and you will have one after one visit to this joint.  All in all, a great place to be - just don't let the wait time dissaude you -  the Swinging Door is just a block away where you can start the night at passing away your 1.5 hour wait time for a table on a Friday night.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,8/15/2008,4939,820,15,16,14>Out of all of the restaurants running the 4 courses for $40 special at South Coast Plaza, I chose Savannah to check out first, mainly because it seemed like the type of place that has meat.  And if you need to know anything about me, it's that I have an consistent carnivorous cavewoman desire for some good red meat...uh-oh, this is going to go full erotica in a second.Anyhow, they did seem to have some great meat options on the menu, but I went for the halibut as my entree, which was good but was the least impressive course of the meal.  The amuse bouche was the best, a scallop with corn and some other fanciness - surprisingly delectable.  The decor is definitely swanky, all dark and red and plush.  I think Tony Soprano would enjoy this place if he were taking a night off of baked ziti.  In fact, a dude who looked and sounded like he just stepped off the set of The Sopranos sauntered in with a party of eight, and I was not at all surprised.  Service was fantastic, which is what I really love about places like this.  The main waiter was great as was the manager who made the rounds regularly to make sure everyone was happy.Apparently the place is an ultra lounge after 10pm on the weekends.  I went back in the days when it was Chat Noir and some swingers tried to pick up my friend, so...perhaps the crowd has changed, but I'm guessing not.Thumbs Up:-Good food, especially the scallop and the lobster bisque.-Comfy booths.  Give me a booth any day over a table.-Very good, attentive service.Thumbs Down:-Some of the food is just "meh" and not worth the four dollar signs.-Possible crazy swingers at the after hours club.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2008,8/14/2008,127,542,7,8,8>Yay! FTR!This place has lots of cute stuff [their website has more selection though]. I love the fact nothing is over $17.95. I'll admit some stuff is not very cute, but others are. This store is like a Forever 21 or Charlotte Russe, there's limited selection, but at least they have size variety.  They have jeans, dresses, and blouses. The clothing is simple, nothing too fancy [but really can you get fancy for less than $17.95?] I don't recall any skirts and not many accessories. However, I did get a simple halter dress here [courtesy of my roomie a.k.a wifey] for my going away party.  Since there's no Forever 21 and most of the dress boutiques in the District are a little pricier, this one is worth checking out.  I'm thinking it might be a hit or miss, but for nothing over $17.95 - you might find something.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,8/13/2008,152,144,5,7,6>Just another yogurt place?  No Frucci is a brand new member of my "Saweeet!!!" List.  It's a nice open layout with large glass windows all around with a colorful ikea setup red tile wall and hanging lights -cute and trendy.  The staff was very welcoming and super willing to give out sample cups. I sampled 6 out of the 8 flavors! i liked all of the ones i sampled.. was not disappointed in it at all.. Lychee, strawberry, PINA COLADA and mango have a sorbet & tangy taste.. And cheesecake, green tea and chocolate have a dairy texture and taste.  It's weird cuz i never end up liking everything i sample..but i did.They have a variety of toppings, just like yogurtland, maybe even more..They have almost all the basic fruits (they have the good kind of mango- very yellow and sweet).  They even have grapes and lychee.  They also have straight SUGAR as a topping, which i thought was funny.I like this place aloot but they don't have pistachio flavor, but its okay because their cheesecake yogurt makes up for it.  Another thing, the yogurt cups are .36 cents an ounce...six cents more than yogurtland, althought it's very worth it!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,8/12/2008,1018,364,12,13,12>Cappuccino is a perfectly incognito domed-shaped café within walking distance of my office. So incognito that we'd been working at the office a good two years or so before we realized it was there. When we are out of coffee or the Admin inadvertently orders Folgers (THE HORROR!!!) it is usually Cappuccino that will revive us from lethargy. They have a nice selection of coffees (both flavored and un, decaf and reg)... as well as fully stocked refrigerated coolers of various juices, sodas, and other beverages. They also offer a variety of fresh, healthy foods for breakfast and lunch... definitely enough variety to please even the pickiest of palates...from breakfast burritos, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches (on your choice of a croissant, toasted bread, or bagel)...or egg melts.... my personal fav is the Chorizo Breakfast Burrito... a fresh tortilla stuffed with chorizo, potatoes, and scrambled eggs all prepared fresh while you wait. (I order the salsa on the side because it really doesn't even need it.) I haven't yet had a sandwich or salad for lunch but I likely will one of these days...there are a number of choices...and lots of other goodies, too... muffins, chips, you name it! And there is even a place to chill outside... 6 or so tables with umbrellas to keep the sun away and take a few minutes to relax before heading back into work.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,12/13/2013,1095,3855,16,24,18>Came here from some friends' recommendation because I have a teenager with an enormous appetite. We came later in the evening hoping that it would be less busy, but nope, we still had to wait about 20 mins, which was fine. I wasn't sure about the system, but the AYCE system is $22.95 and allows you to order everything from the paper menu which includes nigiri sushi, hand rolls, cut rolls, and a few other appetizers. Just remember, after you've received everything from your 1st round of orders, your sheet of paper is returned to you and you order your 2nd round .... and so forth.The first thing they do is drop off a small bowl of edamame and these crabmeat salad on fried wonton skin. Not bad, but a tad sweet for me.We ordered a bunch of nigiri sushi -- my son's favorite is salmon -- and I ordered things like spicy scallop, regular scallop, albacore, yellowtail as well as a salmon skin hand roll.We ordered about 40 pcs of sushi in total and I think the best were the salmon and albacore. The salmon is fresh and flavorful and the accoutrements on the albacore were good too. The best part of it was that there is very little rice and a lot of fish. The weirdest part is how the fish is cut -- very long and thin.We also had unlimited miso soup which was flavorful and strong. I didn't expect that.The yellowtail was flavorless and the nori on the handroll was stale. I had to take the inside out and eat that without the nori.Service was okay -- they refilled water frequently and checked in on us many times.This isn't fancy sushi at any rate. It is an AYCE, fast paced, buffet quality sushi, but made to order. For what it is, it's pretty good. If you're looking for omakase, top quality sushi, this is not it. But remember what you're paying!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/12/2013,602,230,53,59,56>Habu en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ha… (poisonous snake) Ya = house. The owner is quite friendly and has such a familiar face!  Hmmm... that's right, she came from another of my frequent hangouts and has now opened her dream restaurant! Thanks to Dave L. for introducing me to this hidden gem and to Ingrid V. and hubby for meeting me here for lunch! LunchTakoyaki yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…Some of the best takoyaki I have dined on in a while!  A must try.  4.5 Stars!Hubby's lunch special ramen yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…Hubby recognized this from Mom's home cooking.  You eat the noodles from the ramen bowl, put the seasoned rice in the empty bowl and pour the broth over the rice and top with either daikon, plum or marinated radish  5 Stars!Pork belly soba yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…Where is the soba?  Normally soba is the buckwheat noodle, however I was surprised by my yellow curly al dente ramen noodles!  Score!  The broth, pork belly and noodles were to die for!  5 Stars!We loved lunch so much, Hubby and I made dinner reservations for the following night! Dinner (Okinawan dining part deux)Octopus salad yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…So delectable and very refreshing 5 StarsUni pasta yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…This was ok.  I can't quite put my finger on it.  4 StarsMiso ramen with clams and scallops yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…  Big whole scallops and clams in a rich broth. Hubby was quiet while slurping his ramen!  5 Stars Natto with tofu skin (Kitsune) yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…This is for serious natto lovers!  natto encased in tofu skin and fried. OMG!  Heaven in my mouth!  5 Stars! Tempura croquette yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…This was good.  I just can't seem to get over the fact that they are round. Never had round before.  Otherwise, it was cooked well but thought it lacked a little in flavor.  Side cabbage salad was good with the dressing.  4 Stars. Dessert yelp.com/biz_photos/habu…Heck if I can remember the name.  But, it was made with daifuku (mochi with sweet azuki beans) cut into quarters.  OMG!  so good!  5 Stars!Hubby also had Orion beer en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Or…which is a Okinawan beer.  Pretty refreshing!Decor - 5 Stars - I just LOVE the colors and funkiness of the place!  Food - 5 Stars - Just heavenly and home Japanese comfort food. Service - 5 Stars - Very attentive, helpful and informative! My favorite Japanese restaurant in L.A. is Otomisan and in the O.C. it is definitely Habuya.  Enough said as i'll be back!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,12/11/2013,311,194,16,19,18>Does this happen to you? A new restaurant opens up down the street from you, you drive by it hundreds of times, you finally break down and try it, and wonder what took you so long? This was my experience with Tacos Cancun. For our first visit, my wife and I were overwhelmed by the friendly service from the owner's daughter and the quality of the food. I got the Cancun Torta which was very flavorful while not being greasy or heavy. The roll was perfectly crispy and the beans were seasoned just right.We finally returned last night and, if anything, they've improved. This time, I got the Cancun Burrito with chorizo and my wife got the veggie enchiladas. I'm not sure which was better. My burrito was very satisfying without being a gut bomb. Tina recommended the green sauce for the enchiladas, and we second (and third) that recommendation. I loved the fresh spinach and mushrooms, and I may have to get them the next time we come. After our meal, she brought us free samples of their new horchata. I had never tried horchata before, and I'm now a fan. If you don't see it on the menu, ask for it.Costa Mesa certainly has many fine Mexican restaurants, but there's always room for one more, and Tacos Cancun is far and away my favorite.OK, that's my review, and...and...oh...I can't finish it...without mentioning...theVEGETARIAN AND VEGAN OPTIONS!Yes! If you're vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, all of the above, and you're within the sound of my voice, you have found your Mexican restaurant. The rice and beans are vegan, and many of the menu items have mock meat options. That Cancun Burrito with chorizo? I confess, it was actually soyrizo, and it was a remarkable facsimile. They can substitute Daiya dairy-free cheese for regular cheese upon request. Tell me about another Mexican restaurant that will hook you up like that? With authentic Mexican food, no less? Whether you have a dietary restriction or you're an omnivore like me, you owe it to yourself to check out Tacos Cancun.Tips:- Plenty of places at The Triangle across the street have happy hours. Last night, we had beers and an appetizer (made with Gardein "chickun") at Yard House, then walked over to Tacos Cancun.- If you don't see it, ask for it. Apparently they have a secret menu. - Like them on Facebook (that's how I learned about the secret menu).- Don't forget about the horchata. Yes, it was dairy-free. I'm not sure if they serve a traditional version, but the rice milk version was great.- Try the different fresh salsas.- Their menu gives the same price for domestic and imported beer. The beers come out of this big drum, and the Negra Modelos weren't cold enough on our first visit. Have a second or third choice in mind just in case.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,12/10/2013,780,88,24,33,29>My poke palate has grown exponentially!Notable for being near the infamous Mama D's, Bear Flag stands solid on its own with their fresh selection. Bear Flag has the quintessential hipster/beach vibe that doesnt come off snobbish. Parking can be tough since there are about 6 spots in front, but there are plenty of metered street parking. Seating is limited inside and out. Peak times like lunch hours can be extremely hectic, but dont let that detour you away. The ahi and salmon poke taste really fresh. Poke sauce wasnt overpowering which is a big plus, but the chips included however are a big miss. Extremely hard and seemingly possible to break your teeth with every bite. I also ordered the clam/mussels cooked in a broth. The clams and mussels are tiny and the broth was really salty. I'm not sure if i had a bad batch but mine it was pretty salty...like the sea. Prices for the clams/mussels and ahi/salmon were reasonable.Service needs to be improved. I had a guy cashier who was really lifeless. I also watched this girl next to him be snappy with the person she was on the phone with. Once she got off the phone, she was short with the lady who was trying to check out. Maybe she was having a bad day.Overall, great place to eat for lunch! Nice industrial-like interior, great place for people watching and fresh fish selection. I'll have to give their burrito a try next time i'm in. Be sure to check out the lobster vending machine! $2 per try and if you win, they will cook it for you! Please check out my Instagram videos of Bear Flag among other places! @dentalgaymer
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,12/9/2013,1002,451,18,22,19>Found this place on yelp and Ii been going to them ever since.They are located right across the street from Bolsa Grand High School.I always order the Banh Mi Thit Nuong (BBQ Pork). They have a special for only $1.50 you get a smaller size so it's great if you are on a budget. I like it how they made it different from other typical Banh Mi places. The Banh mi comes with fresh lettuce, onions, tomatoes and some sweet dressing (You can also get it spicy). It's a nice change if you don't feel like eating normal Banh Mi. I have also tried their Garlic Fries. It's a bit oily but it's fatty goodness LOL. You don't get a bunch of fresh garlic on top but you can taste the garlic on the fries. I have tried their Salmon Banh Mi and thought it was okay. I wasn't a big fan of it. Same was for the Bo Nuong Banh Mi. I usually just only order the Thit Nuong.The Banh Mi sometimes take a bit because they make it fresh so if you are in a rush, make sure you call ahead and order yours. Banh Mi normal sizes start around $2.75.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,12/8/2013,816,484,41,49,44>They have relocated and moved into a bigger space indoors and you have more parking!Beware the old location is not run by the same owner and not a remodel as they are trying to advertise. I really like Omelette House.  It was my first ROTD as an Elite.   They are close to my house and can go often.  The only issue at the older location was the space was small and parking was very limited which resulted in a wait but not anymore!  There is plenty of tables to sit at and enjoy the tasty dishes!  Although they moved into a new spot the interior decor has not really changed from the previous spot.  Its like they brought everything over and opened up LOL.  Hey not there to admire the decor but to eat right!!!Well here are my fave things to order here.  I really need to get an omelette but I always end up with the french toast cuz they are one of my fave breakfast food. Berry Good French Toast ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/omel…  Come one can you see why I have to always get french toast!!!  These are so so yum.  You get 3 slices of french toast topped with fresh berries, raspberry syrup and whip cream.  Its a pretty big plate and I never get through all of it but its oh so worth getting it.  You can even share with a friend.Cream cheese stuffed french toast ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/omel…Seriously tasty good.  3 slices of thick french toast with cream cheese between the slices.  The raspberry syrup is tart and sweet.  You still might need syrup if you like to enjoy your french toast with syrup in every bite.Corned beef hash ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/omel…Crispy goodness as you can see.  I luv corned beef hash and will order it if its on the menu every place I go. Eyes ~ Look at the french toast!Nose ~ Smells like breakfast.Ear ~ Happy diners!Mouth ~ Sooo freaking yum!Tummy ~ Happy to start off the morning with yummy goodness.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/7/2013,382,270,33,26,23>Spotted: Brandon C. at Pie Society.OC's version of a Speakeasy.For those unfamiliar with the etiquette at a Speakeasy, we don't follow the motto "It's our Society, we can do what we want." It's more like: "Hey, if you're a douche, there are plenty of other places near Newport Blvd or on the Peninsula for you to act like that."Always roll up here in style (ok, I make the trip on foot since it makes sense not to drive home). I'm unaware of any official code, but please don't dress like you're at Goat Hill.  This bar isn't really "private" but there's still an exclusivity (it's an intimate spot), which often starts with being told at the door they may be at capacity (on weekends) and to wait for a bit...Back to the etiquette piece: There are good people here, but that's no fun to write about. Some people (mainly on Fri & Sat) act sort of ridiculous:-Like the girl sitting at the bar blocking another bar stool w/ her leg for an hour.  I don't believe she was disabled (physically that is, mentally is another matter...)-Then the guy w/ the weird hair (ok, that describes about 2/3 of the guys here) rocking my bar table back and forth with his hands behind his back. Okayyyy...-Or, my fave: a group of young girls that parked their asses in the corner on the couches all night, and blocked nice seats that no one was using for long periods of time.  They were about as lively as pseudo intellectuals having a panel discussion on C-Span 2. It was like someone put super glue on the couches and they were stuck!But next to that prime real estate area, you can put your eyes on the real scenery here, which are the walls!  I love relaxing here on weeknights as I scope out the amazingly attractive decor. A great backdrop pic spot is the Muhammad Ali photo with the words: "I Was Born Brave."  So be brave, pass on beer as you're really here to see the mixologists in action. For that, the North Beach is a good drink as the make-up of it is very involved.  I haven't seen someone make those types of movements with their hands and arms since the last time I stumbled upon a shake-weight infomercial on TV.  Or, just try anything on their signature cocktail menu really.Pie Society also serves food late.  The tots are popular, but they still have Pizza available, which I love love love as sometimes you end up going out late and food options dwindle. Not here.So, how does one get in? Easy, you can enter from inside Pitfire Artisan if the restaurant is still open (go through the hallway to the door w/ the exit sign). If not, just go behind and come in through the back. Once the restaurant is closed, you'll need to exit Pie Society from the back.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,12/6/2013,99,271,18,19,19>If Pain taste this good than PLEASE lemme have it! (Yes i'm lame)Was having a run around the newport area and happened along this fine establishment.  Cute outdoor seating with a fresh, cute indoor decoration.  I find it strange and a bit of an oxymoron that a French type restaurant is into John Wayne, YEE haw!  This is a casual go-up-to-order-and-pay-for-your-food type of place and so we got:Pesto Eggs and  w smoked salmon benedictEven though these two dishes were similar, they stood out in their own way.  The Pesto eggs was fresh because of the salad and I loved the cheese roll instead of an english muffin.  The roll was so crispy, flakey, and fragrant with the pesto sauce that I wanted another order of just the solo roll but I did not see it on the menu.  The smoked salmon was different in that the benedict sat on a potato cake.  The fried po cake was dressed and really crispy. The dish included a side of hollandaise sauce and I'm glad that the benedict wasn't completly drenched w it.  The hollandaise sauce was lackluster and wasn't needed at all in the dish.Will be back!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,12/5/2013,696,746,27,35,30>I really enjoyed my experience at Ritter's and it was much better than the one I recently had at a similar restaurant called The Boiler.We were starving after spending the day at the beach so we (well more so I) ordered more food than we should've!Cajun fries - Very disappointing because it lacked any bold flavor despite the seasoning.Oysters on half shell (6) - Were actually pretty good! We were fearful of ordering a full dozen not knowing its freshness but after scarfing down the half dozen, we were hoping we had ordered a dozen instead.King crab cocktail - Another pleasant surprise. The cold juicy crab legs sliced down the middle were delicious with the cocktail sauce with a little horseradish sauce. Ritter's chowder - OMG, this is probably the best chowder I've had! We decided not to make it spicy and ate it plain and it was amazing. With the amount you get, I'd say it's a pretty awesome deal at $11. This was the highlight of my meal!House pan roast - I ordered it medium (5/10) and it was lacking heat. I had previously tried 8/10 at The Boiler and felt it was a little too hot but 6-7 is probably the ideal range having tried it at 5. It was pretty good, but the pieces of lobster I had were a little overcooked. The pan roast is okay, but the chowder which was less than half the price overshadowed it... I'd probably go for the gumbo next time instead of this one.The real shocker was that we somehow did not have to wait at all for a table for dinner on a Saturday. I think we just got super lucky with the timing because the place was PACKED! Oh, and witnessing Chef Ritter making the food behind the bar has to add assurance and authenticity to anyone's dining experience!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,12/4/2013,333,199,13,16,14>I am a total wuss about traveling on too many freeways to get to places.  I typically stay in and around the NB/CM/HB areas.  It takes the prospect of some pretty tantalizing grub to get me off my lazy ass and onto the 405 to the 55 to the 5 to the bla bla bla...I can say, without reservation, that I would make the journey yet again to Lindo Michoacan 2 to enjoy the tasty tacos and excellent service.Between Brittany P and I, we ordered several tacos. Britt had fish, shrimp, shredded "shreaded" beef, and carnitas.  I had the Al pastor, carnitas, asada, and lengua.  HOLY SHIT were they awesome - well cooked and perfectly seasoned.  I would have to say the pastor and fish were my favorites and will be the main items that draw me back.  The other wonderful aspect of this joint is the service.  Exemplary and definitely hitting on all cylinders.  Lily was our server and she was cheery and helpful and seemed eager to answer all my stupid questions.  All too often waitstaff have an attitude like they cant wait for you to get the hell out of the place... She was precisely the opposite.The only complaint I would have (and it's not enough of a complaint to lower them from 5 to 4 stars.) is that they don't serve beer.  Diet Pepsi doesn't really hit the spot like a cold beer does whilst powering down a plate of delicious tacos.All-in-all... Awesome!  Keep my seat warm cause I'll be back soon!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2007,12/30/2007,99,102,5,9,7>Hands down my favorite sandwich in Long Beach!  Much of Belmont Shores a little too trendy for me, but there are some true gems in this part of Long Beach, and Angelo's Italian Deli is one of them.  Spicy capicollo ham and provolone w/ tomato, lettuce, and their special pesto spread on delicious baguette style bread!  It's such a simple sandwich but it's so fucking good! This place is tiny and they use every square inch to cram their shelves w/ loads of high-end olive oil, balsamic vinegar, canned/jarred sauces, and wines imported from Italy.  Their deli is fantastic complete w/ a variety of cured meats and cheeses.  FYI, if you're even as remotely as clumsy as I am, be careful.  You could easily knock over a $35 bottle of olive oil.  I'm not speaking from experience, I swear. Grab a sandwich (mine is $7.99 for about a foot long) and sit outside on a nice sunny day.  Make sure you walk by Pinkberry after wards and laugh at the hordes of fools waiting in line to pay for over priced frozen yogurt w/ cereal on top.Angelo's Italian Deli is NOT a trend, it's the real deal!!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,12/29/2007,1371,403,11,20,17>If I lived in Long Beach, I would live in this area. If I lived in this area I would frequent Portfolio like everyday. No, seriously. This coffeehouse feels like you are visiting a friends house, that is if your friend has about 12 really comfy couches, free wireless Internet and a wide selection of coffee and tea. The section of Long Beach that Portfolio is located in has a really awesome selection of vintage clothing and furniture stores up and down the street. I had a lovely bowl of French onion soup and a latte while I sat outside with a few friends. There is also some great people watching here at Portfolio. Imagine a Silverlake feel but in the OC. It is a great place to take a meeting, meet up with some friends or stop for a quick snack if you happen to be shopping in the neighborhood.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,12/28/2007,297,587,16,11,12>There were a couple of things I learned last night. For one, the math rule of two negatives making a positive can be also applied to real life. In other words,  two ugly people can make a really cute baby. However, only time will tell whether that cute baby will end up being a good looking adult. On a more relevant note, I also learned to bring a couple of human garbage disposals when ordering the Backyard Feast ($85 for about 5-6 people) at Lucilles.Honestly, this was probably one of the best barbecue joints I've ever been to. And yes, I know it's a chain restaurant. However, there's no denying the slow cooked beef ribs that are smothered in a perfect barbecue concoction and just slide off of the bone. The savory and tender chicken is also a good choice, as is the tri-tip salad for the easily intimidated. The highly favored sides include garlicky mashed potatoes and sweetly roasted corn. Moreover, the flaky biscuits will undoubtedly melt in your mouth, tantalizing your taste buds when topped with the whipped apple butter. Excuse me for a second, as I wipe the drool from my second chin.The service was on point, pushing their food and drink refills on us like an Armenian car dealer selling BMWs. By the end of the night, our group of six was suffering from food coma, yet we still had enough leftovers for another individual meal or two. You can bet I made sure to fanagle the last cob of corn, though I did have to pass on the bitter greens. On the way home, I passed out in my friend's backseat like a beached whale on the sands of Bora Bora. Very sexy indeed.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,12/27/2007,65,449,28,10,22>And for my 100th and final review, I stroll up to the drive thru window at the Taco Bell near my work.  I receive my two chalupa combo with a caramel apple empanada for dessert.  Unfortunately, Taco Bell is my final Yelp review and the final restaurant I get to eat at before relocating to Colorado.  Meh.Then again, it's hard to scoff at the heralding bell of synthetic Mexican food.  Is there no other fast food joint that can contort and manipulate the same ingredients and create a menu of varying degree?  Their tacos, tostadas and burritos--are they all that different?  On the other hand, it's practically the only fast foodery that delivers you a combo meal without a bag of greasy fried potato cuttings.Arriving home to my apartment laden with boxes of my life's possessions, I settle down on a spare corner of my couch next to a stack of bundled clothes.  After taking just one bite of this fancy taco called a chalupa, it's hard to ignore the emptiness within.  I'm talking about my apartment, not the chalupa.All in a single bite, I reminisce about my family and the good times at the dinner table.  I miss hearing the stories:  the near death experiences, the embarrassing grade school moments, the finest hours, the road trips, the whole shebang.  Add to those stories the laughter of my siblings and the lifelong proud smiles of my parents and you have more than just food on a table.  You have a meal--a meal that makes Thanksgiving everyday.  Without the love and company of your family, food is just like the same ingredients at Taco Bell.  And I say it right now, I fucking love my family.As the movers carry off the last of my boxes and begin the long journey to my new residence in Colorado, I tear into the wrapper of my caramel apple empanada.  It has a sweet taste that is almost fulfilling.  Almost.  Something is missing.  To me, desserts are meant to be shared at a table with friends; even cocktails are meant to be toasted and enjoyed with friends.As I stand next to Kevin Arnold and entrance into another Wonder Years monologue, I once again become grateful for all the great times Yelp has bestowed upon me.  I can never forget my first elite event at Lola's and my foundation of yelp buddies.  I can never forget how the stiff drinks at a bar called Proof can transform a handful of uneasy Yelpers into a clan of friends that act like they've known each other for years.  I can never forget dining like a spectator with the legendary "fab four" at Jiraffe.  I can never forget the box at Shakas.  I could go on and on.But like this review, all things must come to an end no matter how much you stall.  At the end of it all, I just want to say thanks to my family and my new found friends here.  Whether it be an endless pitcher of beer, a warm chocolate truffle cake or an unfinished spamusubi roll, they only taste good because I'm always in good company of friends or family.  Within each of my reviews, that extra star will always be for you...the people that provide the most delicious and synergistic part in any meal.And before I say my farewell to the friends I've made on Yelp, I have one last thing to share.  If you managed to read through my entire rambling, please find comfort or even frustration in the fact that I was just kidding about this being my final review.  And I'm not moving to Colorado.  See you at the next happy hour and save me a seat at the dining table!  Yo quiero Taco Bell!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2007,12/26/2007,126,175,7,9,9>You guys all come here for the wrong reason.  This place just wasn't meant to be a boba stop... they made a fatal mistake in naming this place "Yummy Boba."  But maybe it was an intentional trick so that non-Chinese customers would be less inclined to return here, after being dissatisfied with their boba drinks.The Chinese name "Shi Men Ting" actually refers to a very famous complex in Taipei where people have gathered for decades at its various restaurants, shops, and theaters.  Milk tea boba is rumored to have had its birth there.... anyway, the variety of Taiwanese food served at Yummy Boba is meant to reflect the variety you could find in the real "Shi Men Ting."Anyway, somebody earlier mentioned that there is a funny smell in the air, like Chinese medicine.  GOOD JOB!  You get a gold star because you're right on the money!  One of their most famous dishes is the Lamb Hot Pot that's stewed with goji berries, dried dates, and huang chi (don't ask).  You eat the meat with a fermented soybean sauce, chilis, and chopped cilantro.  Sounds funky eh?  It's delicious.  You cook in fresh cabbage, tofu, and glass noodles to eat with it after you're done with the meat.  Sip down that broth... it's good for you, very unique, and most importantly YUMMY.They also serve many classic Taiwanese dishes.  It's great how they always have various vegetable stir-fry dishes available.  I just love Chinese stir-fried greens!And the shaved ice rocks.So go here for the food; avoid the "yummy" boba... it's just a diversion.  Keep your eyes on the prize and you'll have a good meal.  Why 4 stars?  The place is set up so weird... this huge counter takes up so much space where they could put (and need) a few extra tables.  And the location sucks, in an awkward corner of an unappealing plaza.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,12/25/2007,73,79,12,12,12>Never mind the Lebanese Techno music drumming in the corner speakers, the Beef Shawarma here is the best!I first signed on Yelp with the intention to review Open Sesame. Being a nonconformist, I lost my zeal when I read all the great reviews articulating what I naively thought was my unique perspective on the food(welcome to Yelp) Thirteen months later and I celebrate my yuppieness with a review of my favorite 2ndStreet restaurant.You know the food here is good when the fresh searing aroma from the kitchen overpowers the gallon of Cool Water drenched on the fashionably sheik(pun) owner who thinks a cascade of cologne is necessary to score with American chicks. You can't miss him. Loud silk shirt, always on cellphone while playing grab-ass with the 16yr old hostess. This dude has to be the owner because some of the air-heads that have worked here weren't hired based on their customer courtesy or love of techno. Fortunately, the combination of slow roasted tomatoes & Chicken Tawook more than make up for the occasional service apathy. In All fairness, I've been blessed with five-star service in recent visits. Props to Pablo and Juan in the kitchen for unwittingly sustaining the Middle Eastern authenticity foreign to their Oaxacan recipes and keeping this place from turning into a total nightclub.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,12/24/2007,34,0,2,4,5>the old man and i decided we wanted to have a date night. we wanted to try someplace new, and the last time we were at the yardhouse we thought the lighthouse would be interesting. its massive inside, and the view of the harbor is nice i guess. i have never been one for scenery. the server wasn't very attentive for how slow the restaurant seemed to be. has anyone else found that places with 20 to 30 dollar plates ignore you and you see the food runner more than your actual server? the rock oysters were very good...i have never had them before. i got the seared ahi as an appetizer, and i was disappointed. it tasted alright but i do order it often and know it shouldn't be freezing cold because you seared it yesterday and just pulled it out of the fridge. the entrees were fine. the fish was cooked nicely and the accompanying rice and veggies were good. the feel of the restaurant is much better than a chain fish house, and i do want to go back and give it a second chance. different appetizer, different server, different experience hopefully.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2007,12/23/2007,548,730,12,4,6>Ever see "Snatch"? You know, the Guy Ritchie movie where Brad Pitt has a thick gypsy accent and keeps talking to Jason Stratham, who has no idea what the hell Pitt is saying? One of the things Pitt keeps saying is "ya like dahgs? Eh? Ya like dahgs?"Well, Thomas Simms, who also founded Mimi's Cafe, apparently likes dahgs a whole lot, since he devoted an entire themed restaurant to them. Apparently, you're supposed to spend so much time swooning over the dog theme interior ("oh hurrah, the seats have dog face patterns. how...uh...charming...") that you don't notice how so-so the food here is.This is basically a Yard House, or a Cheesecake Factory, or a BJ's (or perhaps a combination of all three). You know, they of the huge menus that do lots of different things, but none of them well? Don't get me wrong. I actually like a lot of the things on the Yard House menu, so for comparison's sake I tried some similar dishes to see how they compared. Like Yard House, there is a poke dish. Unlike Yard House, this one is just...eh. There's guacamole in it instead of whole avocado, which I"m not a fan of. Also, the menu promised that the buffalo wings (here called "high altitude wings" - don't ask why) were spicy...but they were only about as hot as David Caruso's career (South Park reference! yay!).I also tried the margherita pizza, which got the sauce all wrong but actually had a nicely crisp thin crust.The highlight of my evening were my Honey Blonde brews (since they no longer carry Stella Artois...sigh) and the Cajun fries. Those were fucking good, let me tell you - I would come here just to drink beer and eat those Cajun fries, hence the nicely average star rating. The service was also really good.Before I came here, I checked the menu online and noticed they had ribs. I really wanted ribs after that, so you can imagine how disappointed I was to open the menu and see the ribs completely absent. When I asked why there were no delicious porky meats falling off of rib bones, I was told that (no joke here) Chili's actually demanded that if Lazy Dog were going to inhabit the same strip mall as them, that Lazy Dog could not serve ribs. What the fuck! Strong armed by a Chili's! That's ludicrous speed! (yay Spaceballs reference).
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2007,12/22/2007,102,123,12,16,15>I have a confession to make.  I am a flaky, disloyal hair girl.  Every 8 weeks or so, I wake up in a hair emergency and shlump my way through the day in misery until I can beg an opening from the closest dweeb with hair sheers.  Supercuts?  Check.  Mall Salon?  Check.  Yeah, I know... with short short boy hair like mine, how hard is it to predict I'll need a hair cut and schedule it appropriately?  But because of my phobia of appointments, I am official prey to all of the unwanted hairdressers who have nothing to do but to make me butch, Farah-Feathered or whatever whimsical fancy crosses their bored little minds. Until Manny.  Manny has come the closest as anyone to curing me of my planning phobia.  Now, instead of enduring another round of "where are you from?  are you married?" line of questionings from another complete stranger, I hear Manny's wondrous stories instead.  It doesn't hurt that Sidney's store is a half a block from my house.  What really matters is that this boy can really cut hair.  Manny is one of those talents that when you tell him "do whatever you think looks good" will do just that.  Last time he gave me a faux-hawk which was great on the weekends and could be played down for my ultra-conservative daytime life (yeah, so he surprised me on that one but I loved it!) and he's always up on whatever is new and trendy in the salon world.Manny takes tons of care in finding out what you're about, what you want (and don't want) and really studies you to determine what will work for you.  His judgment is sound and he usually gets it dead-on.  Thanks to Manny, I'm now stopped on the street to be asked "who does your hair?"  I always make them take notes and promise to call Manny.  Hopefully, not everyone ends up with my Faux-hawk... well, maybe just a few could use it :) Oh, and Sidney is an absolute doll.  I haven't discovered my "Spa" side yet but when I do he'll be my first spa experience.  Sidney is a total sweetheart and welcomes everyone into his salon like a long lost friend.  So, if you too are a victim of Miss-I-just-got-my-license-and-want-to-build-up-­clientele list, give Manny a call.  Just don't tie him up for my last minute call of desperation!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2007,12/21/2007,95,143,14,9,9>Remember that reproduction "old-timey american restaurant/penny candy place/soda fountain" in the "how they lived in the 15th century town" tourist thing that your parents made you visit during that summer when you took the trip to Montana? Cmon!  You were all upset because even though you incessantly begged for Six Flags all year you had to go to Montana.  You remember. Boom!  That's Moffett's. It instantaneously defines american comfort food.   Drowning in retro kitsch (including a giant iconic rooster on the roof)  it seems built to induce fuzzy feelings of nostalgia.  The booths and the servers are appropriately well-worn.  Without surprise, the menu provides fried, gravy-coated, and mashed opportunities...aplenty.  The meal includes a scoop of chocolate pudding with a skin and a side of peas, whether you like it or not.  They bake their own everything and sell bags of candy at the door.  Large families, including my own, celebrate there frequently and continuously exit with marvelously overstuffed bellies that often lead to poultry-induced fits of enjoyable lethargy. God bless America!  God Bless Moffetts! Screw you Montana.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,7/29/2010,237,130,19,21,20>Yummy yummy in my tummy! :D4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because that's how I roll.This place is a great addition to Laguna. The Lumberyard reminds me a lot of Bandera (in Corona Del Mar), which is a good thing (I likey Bandera). I went ~9pm on a Tuesday night. There were a decent amount of people for a Tuesday night in Laguna, but it definitely wasn't packed. We got a nice, comfy booth and a nice, friendly server :)My boyfriend and I both started with a 1/2 House Salad, which was tasty. Plus some Cornbread w/ Honey Butter. Oh Baby. I'm sure many wet dreams have occurred thinking about that delicious, fluffy, corny morsel sitting suggestively in it's mini-skillet. It looks at you with it's corny eyes that speak without words, "Butter me up baby." Oh, and I did. I got that Cornbread all buttered up and it liked it! You naughty, naughty cornbread. My boyfriend also got a side of the Mac & Cheese, which was okay, but could be better (this is where the minus .5 star came from)For our mains I got the Salmon w/ Potatoes and my boyfriend got the 1/2 Chicken w/ Mashed Potatoes. Both dishes were very tasty. No complaints. Yum Yum! We got a lot of food between the salad, cornbread, mac & cheese, chicken, and fish. But that was okay because it gave us lunch for the next day. I left Lumberyard a happy camper :)
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,7/28/2010,291,164,11,12,13>50% ground beef, 50% ground BACON = 100% godly hamburger pattyBefore I start, I have to admit that I'm a bacon fanatic. I love it to death, and will eat anything bacon if given the opportunity. Bacon wrapped hot dogs? Yup. Chocolate Covered Bacon? Yup. Bacon Doughnut? Yup. Bacon Martini? YUP! How am I still alive??Back to the burger. I got  "The 50/50". It's their signature 50/50 patty with pepper jack cheese, avocado, fried egg, and chipotle mayo (which I swapped out for baconaise of course). I decided to place all this fatty goodness in between some ciabatta bread.My burger was out of this world! Sure it's a heart attack served on a bun, but I enjoyed every artery clogging moment.I'll have to say this thing is so messy to eat, but I guess that's all apart of it's charm. Egg yolk, mayo and avocado was oozing everywhere. The 50/50 patty was delicious. It was fully cooked, but still imparted a pink color due to all the bacon. It is a bit overwhelming, and gets a tad bit salty as you eat. I only finished half of my burger and downed 2 glasses of water.But maybe I was kinda full from eating all that Vampire Dip? Mozzarella and Parmesan cheese blended with tons of garlic and a touch of artichoke (and when I saw a touch, I really do mean a touch...would have been so much better with more chunks!). Not quite as "dippy"...it starts to solidify as you eat it. Think melted blocks of cheese.My friend got the veggie patty (I know, I feel terrible for bringing a vegetarian here). The patty was nasty. Mushed up something with carrots and peas thrown in for color. Incredibly mushy and dense, and not at all appetizing. I only tasted a forkful, and even I couldn't finish that.Stick with what Slater's is known for. Sure it's not THE most amazing burger I've had, but for what it is (ground beef & bacon)...it'll surely tickle your taste buds...and clog your arteries, all at the same time!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2010,7/27/2010,346,353,9,13,12>Paris Baguette is definitely Bakery of the Year for me!  It is official!  I can not even count the numbers of times on both my hands that I have returned here since my first visit!  Paris Baguette is an experience that everyone should at least taste! Why is this bakery my official Bakery of the Year?  First, it has provided me with yummy deliciousness since it has opened back in January of this year.  Second, it has made me look amazing at so many events, parties, and all the other occasions used as an excuses just to buy cakes from here.  Lastly, the taste of their Chiffon cakes just brings a happy smile to my face.  It makes me happy with each and every bite. I love their cake box sets!  I purchased several of them as gifts for my significant other's family, my work place, and as holiday family-friendly presents.  I am currently in love with their Chiffon cakes!!  It was so beautifully constructed with a creative touch and a taste of magic.  The cake is super soft, fluffy, and not too sweet.  I love it!  I recommend the blueberry and the strawberry. mMmMm  This is completely a side note, but upon request - they have long skinny candles that give their cakes a very "cute" touch.  I was definitely impressed with their plastic cake cutter that included matches inside of the plastic!  How ingeniously convenient is that?  Paris Baguette!  I congratulate you on receiving Cindy P.'s 2010 Bakery of the Year!  You deserve it! MmMmMm!Tip: They also have a frequent consumer rewards card, so make sure that you ask for the card to get discounts of your future purchases or get free desserts!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2009,7/26/2010,1444,1073,8,13,11>Today I wandered into the storybook town of Ladera Ranch to celebrate the 17th day of my birthday month with a friend at Infusion.This restaurant is located near the CVS in the Mercantile West shopping center and I'm amazed by how tiny it is.  You're literally tripping on the hostess desk as you walk in and there's a bar to your right and tables and booths to your left.At Infusion, they like to make sure you're comfortably "infused" as they serve you and take their time preparing meals and life moves slow as you sit and chat about all the things concerning this world and your life but customer service is excellent and our iced teas were kept a float.The Soup, Salad, Sandwich combo for lunch sounded good and I got the Potato Cheese soup, Caesar Salad, and the Smoked Turkey and Brie Sandwich. The soup was a pureed blend of cheese and potato and a little too spicy for me.  I was expecting big chunks of potatoes swimming in a cheese broth not a puree. The caesar salad dressing was too tart but it was ok with some black pepper.  The sandwich was delicious but now that I look at the menu I should have gotten the pumpkin soup and the Petite Ellie salad with my sandwich.  That sounds like a much better combo.  I'll have to keep that in mind for next time.My friend's burger looked great with the shoe string fries.  I like my fries on the slightly thinner side.  Too much potato tends to make me full a lot faster before I can even get into my meal.We ended lunch with their molten chocolate lava cake for dessert.  This was yummy with some Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream.  There was also a nice raspberry sauce drizzle and fresh raspberries.  I am quickly becoming a big fan of raspberries and I think I liked the ice cream more than the cake.  It was a smooth finish for the meal.Overall, I've really enjoyed my birthday month thanks to my friends.  I love you guys!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,7/25/2010,318,98,16,17,17>wow.best st. louis ribs i've ever had.  this is how it should be done.  makes me finally realize what all those people on those bbq contests on foodnetwork are experiencing.  smoked low and slow.  smoked flavor, mega tender, nice bark, really good sauce on the side.  brisket was also included in my combo.  wow.  that was awesome brisket too.  super super tender with an a great smoked flavor.unfortunately though the mac and cheese wasnt to my liking.  the mouthfeel was almost chaulky like there were mashed potatoes mixed in.  even with the mac n cheese disappointment, this place gets a 5 star from me for letting me experience how BBQ should really be.i dont think i can go to lucille's anymore.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,7/24/2010,1078,989,8,13,13>Family run business in small little plaza on Baker that serves some traditional Vietnamese dishes that I was happy to see on the menu. Pat, the server, was especially helpful on recommendations since there were so many choices on the menu. I am very use to Little Saigon, where each place has ONE good dish and I don't have much to choose from. BO BIA: I have never eaten this outside of my auntie's house, and was surprised to see it on the menu. Simple spring rolls, but the difference with bo bia is the Chinese sausage and the peanut sauce. Here, the rolls were refreshing with tons of veggies and a chinese sausage in each bite. The peanut sauce was thick and flavorful. I thought the appetizer was very good, but i wish there were small vermicelli noodles and scrambled egg in it...but it may just be how we eat it at our house...BUN DAC BIET. This is a vermicelli noodle dish with different meats [BBQ pork, BBQ shrimp] and tons of veggies. You pour fish sauce over everything and go to town. The dish was too big for me to finish, and I would have preferred more shrimp and meat than noodles, it was quite delicious. The shrimp was awesome, it tasted like dad's-salt-pepper-bbq-shrimp-on-grill at home, so I will order the bun with just the shrimp next time. SAIGONese TACOS: fusion. BBQed meat cut into small pieces, bean sprouts, lettuce, cilantro, and some other herbs, all on a small soft taco shell, to be eaten like a taco at a tacqueria. Great idea. Too bad I have chopsticks and don't eat pita. I ate the whole thing with chopsticks [which got an amused look from the server], and thoroughly enjoyed this dish. Really light and flavorful. oh, and there's a side of fish sauce to pour over the top or dip the taco in. CREAM PUFF in THAI ICED TEA ICE CREAM: yea...i just listed off all the ingredients in this dessert. This was a surprise dish from the chef, and i was thoroughly impressed. It came in a margarita glass, halfway filled with thai tea, a scoop of ice cream, and 3 cream puffs...topped with a spoonful of whip cream.  I love cream puffs. I love thai iced tea. I love vanilla ice cream. Who'd have thought they taste sooo good TOGETHER??? I like!PHO GA: I tried some and wasn't so thrilled with it. I would recommend the rice dishes or the vermicelli dishes because their meats are better there.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,7/23/2010,12,799,9,13,13>1/4 pound single scoops. Indulgent.I don't even like ice cream, but I'll come here and balloon my fat ass on the Rum Raisin - lots o' rum, and no f-ing raisins. I *hate* raisins. Why can't they just make a rum ice cream? After sushi dinner at Murasaki, a healthy number of unhealthy Yelpers single-filed a caravan to Hans' for ice cream and chatter.Rum Raisin - Amazing!German Chocolate Cake - RICH!Brickle - Toffee ice cream. Light. Pleasant. Refreshing.Peach - Reported to be the fail-safe flavour.Chocolate - Creamy and accurate.Chocolate Raspberry - I didn't try but it was said to be good.Also in the freezer case are daily-made GIANT ice cream sandwiches, chocolate dipped and peanut rolled bananas, and some other stuff I can't remember specifically but general memory confirms pandemic temptation.Ice Cream - Rich. Creamy. Flavourful. Clean.Atmosphere - Original, old fashioned, welcoming.Homemade, Handmade ice cream with a cozy environment of wooden tables, cushy booths, and soda fountains.Would I return? You bet.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,7/22/2010,769,374,10,11,9>I have a lot of respect for this place because they do so many things right. I also don't have a ton of 4 star ratings, but this place is definitely a 4+ star restaurant/bar. Rating it any less is unjustified, and if you do, I suggest you never come back (I'm partially joking). Instead, let the people who rate it 4+ stars enjoy it to ourselves. We'll be in good company.I wouldn't say that everything is the best I've ever had, but they do a lot of things well above average. You can see the effort, and the main chef does a DAMMN good job... so good I had to send a Guinness back to the kitchen. Anne Marie said that was his drink of choice.This is what I had: The Haven burger cooked medium rare as usual, along with the chips, and mac'n'cheese. We also went with all the suggested beer selections which made the dishes phenomenal, especially a taste of our neighbors food at the bar (Sam). He let me try his beer, and I could only imagine how good it was paired up with the Hanger steak.I also had really good service sitting at the bar and talking with Anne Marie and Mike. They both were very professional, and Mike even heard me make a remark that the truffles used for the mac'n'cheese were synthetic in which he came to the defense of the head chef saying that he uses only the best ingredients. No doubt that he does, but "truffle oil" is synthetic. Black or white truffles are shaved onto the product, so it's fairly evident whether or not they use oil or real truffles (most use oil. The Japanese restaurant Ikko in Costa Mesa uses the real stuff).I should also give a shout out to Jolie D since I saw her review tonight, and I went here based upon it. Also to not offend the balance of the universe, thank you "Maggie C" for somehow contributing to Jolie D trying the place out.I'm looking forward to my next visit which will hopefully involve sitting next to only 4+ star yelp reviewers/patrons.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,7/21/2010,2967,1183,15,22,17>- Locale destination -It's on S Coast Plaza Dr and W Sunflower Ave in Santa Ana. It's across street from South Coast Plaza, in the little shopping plaza. Next to Corner Bakery. It is very FANCY setting, though I went there with T-shirt & jeans for lunch - no problem. It's very big - great for a party. My friend told me there were dance and music at night. Service is quick and attentive. Plenty of parking. - Gluttony expedition -Lamb Kebab: Very tender and yummy :D It's not stinky and cooked well. My favorite!! Combo - chicken & beef kebab: I prefer the beef to chicken, though chicken also tasted good. Both have solid but not-so-overly flavors with a nice kick of acid by squeezed lemon. The side salad was diced tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions with vinaigrette dressing. It's OK. Oh, there was roasted tomato on the side. It's interesting.Lavash: flat bread. I know the taste when it's fresh, so this was bad.- Conqueror's deduction -4.5 stars. It's simple but very high standards.My Iranian coworker told me about this place.  I do like here :) Highly recommended.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,7/20/2010,2141,534,11,19,14>It was a perfect bday dinner. Good food, wonderful atmosphere and surrounded by great people. Rusty Pelican sits right on the water's edge. It has a rustic feel to it with its dim lighting and wooden floors. They are known for their fresh seafood and they live up to the reputation. Appetizers:Oysters on a half shell: Extremely fresh! I LOVE oysters and these were delicious! It tasted like they picked it right from the ocean and set it on my plate. That's how fresh it tasted. Topped it with a squeeze of fresh lemon juice and tabasco.... Yum!Scallops with bacon and sweet corn: Sauteed perfectly with bacon bits on top. There were three pieces and I wished there were more. Garlic Bread: Covered in butter and fresh garlic I knew how bad this must have been for me healthwise but it tasted so good on the fresh and warm bread.... MMMEntrees:Spicy Ginger Orange Sea Bass: This was my dish and it was prepared beautifully. I love sauces and the orange, ginger spicy sauce blended well with the buttery sea bass. Chargrilled Swordfish: My dad's dish. I'm not big on swordfish but he liked it. He's picky with seafood and if he liked it, it must have been good.Ruby Rare Ahi: Can't go wrong with ahi. You would have to mess it up real bad. The fresh mango salsa with it complimented it well. Firepot Mahi mahi: My sister's dish. Awesome choice because once again, the cajun spices and mini shrimp added that kick. Liked this one a lot!Barramundi with Lemon Caper Butter; My mom's dish. My least favorite because it tasted bland. Compared to the other dishes we had it probably was.Dessert:Mud pie: They brought a huge slice for my bday with a nice candle on top. Chocolate ice cream cake on an oreo crust?! HELL YEAH!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,1/15/2012,481,580,10,15,13>I think it's a fairly awesome testament to Yelp that this place has such a wide variety of reviews. It just goes to show you -- don't over-rely on one person's perspective, but skim through a few to get a better idea!I say this because one man's trash truly is another man's treasure. I will NEVER EVER go back to the Boiling Crab, nor will I likely be in the mood for now-lengthy wait that has developed over time at Claws. I HEART THE KICKING CRAB!2 lbs of shrimp, with all the seasonings, ordered spicy. Fresh and plump -- with just that perfectly timed firmness and the shells peeling off nicely, and the spice wasn't too prominent at the beginning, but our mouths definitely got warmer as we ate more. I may get the spicy spicy next time, but for now this was just right!1 lb of clams -- perfect to sop up the sauces. I think that a clam is just about the PERFECT way to gauge whether or not the sauce is for you. It's definitely sweeter here, but you can still taste the paprika, butter, garlic, and other amazingness that is in a really good balance.Sausages and corn -- kind of generic, especially the sausage, so nothing to really sing about, unless you have those kinds of feelings for Hillshire Farm or whatever.Sweet potato fries -- crispy, but could have come out a tad crispier.Oysters -- creamy West Coasters, nice and refreshing :)Beer and drink seleciton -- pretttttty killer! I like how they have a large selection of beers and iced teas.Service -- man, keep your eyes on these ninja-like reflexes. They may seem a bit hard to flag down at times but when you do they're very accommodating and helpful!Bathrooms -- I too had a horridly humid and breathtaking (not in a good way -- more in a gagging kind of way) experience in there. It's hot as balls, man. Why is there no ventilation???  Anyway, I'm not going to let that put a damper on my spirits!Anyway... caveat emptor, this is only for what we ordered this one evening. I haven't yet gotten to try the other seafood, but Proverbial Boy says the king crab legs were pretty killer also. Pair all this sensationalism with a creatively decorated restaurant and laaaarge dining space, and you've got the Kickin Crab! We will be back for sure sometime this week...
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,1/14/2012,355,278,15,24,17>It took me over two years to give The Filling Station another chance, but it was well worth the wait. And waiting is something that I may no longer have to do when I eat there. My biggest issue with this charming restaurant was the service...or lack thereof. After several visits back in 2009, I gave up on this place despite enjoying the food and ambiance. I just could not deal with the problematic service that I encountered every time. So when I heard that things had changed, I decided that we needed to give it another shot. Not only was the food as tasty as I remembered, but we didn't have to ask (beg) for a thing. Our meals were served quickly, coffee was refilled before the last drop, and our server made sure to check in on us a few times throughout the meal. Unlike previous visits, we didn't have to go looking for our server to get our bill or attempt to go in the kitchen to get coffee. Or even brew some up, if necessary. I'm not sure if there is new management or if the people at The Filling Station just finally listened to all the service complaints - but, whatever it is, I hope they keep it up!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,1/13/2012,1027,405,19,26,20>If first impressions mean everything, Dat Thanh, you had me at hello.Things started shaky...I got lost and thought it was in the plaza past La Quinta High School, but it's closer to Brookhurst and McFadden in a small plaza--blink and you'll miss it.  When my friend and I arrived here, it was 8:15 PM, and they were about to close early (they usually close at 9PM).  Luckily for us, we were able to be served and got the whole restaurant to ourselves.Inside, there are 6 tables with green marble tops that look fancier than other establishments I've been to.  There are a couple of tables outside as well.  The walls are painted olive green and they have greenery by the cashier.  They have an old school television mounted where at this time, they were playing Cupcake Wars from Food Network.  There's also a large picture of horses on one side of the wall, and 2 large ornamental fans on the adjacent side.  Also, they had a few newspaper clippings on the wall of their mentions.  3 recess lighting fixtures contemplated the small space with their yellowish hue.We ordered: +Nem Nuong Spring Rolls:+Broken rice w/ pork chop+Broken rice w/ bbq pork, grilled shrimp on skewers, shredded pork, shrimp cake in fried tofu skinThe spring rolls were very good.  My first impression was, wow, they're huge.  Indeed, that's what she said.  What I didn't really like was the pickled carrots and daikon.  The sauce was okay, not as flavorful as Brodard.  I had to add a lot of chili sauce to make it something more flavorful. The nem nuong here was great and I could see that they do not skimp out on their ingredients. The fried egg roll wrapper was the crunch heard around the world, definitely enjoyed that!  The com tam plates were delicious. Everything was moist and juicy and I really loved the rice.  It was smooth in texture and didn't have any funky flavor to it.  Just very simple.  The shrimp was fantastic and grilled to perfection.  My friend enjoyed her plate as well.  We thought that the soup that came along with the com tam dish was a bit on the sweet side.  I think it should be plain and the sugar should be left out.  I've had other broken rice plates before and the meat would be dry and bland.  Not here, thank God!  Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating to us.  He didn't rush us at all.  Thank you Hai.  Reminder that this establishment closes on Wednesdays and it's cash only.  Dat Thanh, definitely glad I got to visit you and will return soon with other friends to come.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,1/12/2012,412,769,42,49,41>Damn...... the hype is real. BELIEVE THE HYPE! This place kicks ass. Pizza connoisseurs Chad A. and Dave G. even gave this place 5 stars! As others mention you walk in and choose a pizza you want off the board. You then add anything you want to it Chipotle style where you see the ingredients in front of you and the assembly line person custom makes your pizza. I had the #2 which is a meatball, sausage, and pepperoni pizza with mozzarella and pizza sauce. I added blue cheese, mushrooms, and garlic at no extra charge. I couldn't believe the mountain of toppings they put on top of the crust. I don't know if they're being generous to gain word of mouth or what... but man, so much food! My friend also ordered the #2 but added bell peppers, jalapenos, blue cheese, and olives.These pizzas were done within minutes. The bottom of the crust was nice and crispy and the toppings were cooked perfectly. There were so many effen toppings on this thing I had to fold up the slice to eat it. Very tasty! I loved the blue cheese. They didn't over kill it so you just got a nice blast of flavor once in awhile. The meatball topping was ground up and tasted so good. I could barely finish my pizza(but did of course). This could easily feed two people. Even my friend suggested the idea we share one next time. The seating is a bit lame..... I guess they're trying to be hip and cool. Strange low to the ground couches, stools bolted to the floor, communal tables. Not really my thing but oh well, the food kicked ass.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/10/2012,783,765,16,23,16>As you may or may not know, my sexy boyfriend is Salvadorian, so we've had pupusas quite a few times over the last two years of bliss that we've been together.That's right, bliss. Don't hate.Usually we travel to LA for these, but I had noticed that Costa Mesa had some pupusarias so I wanted to give one a shot. And my friend enenen really sold this place with his 3 quick tips and 4 star review.So here's the deal: The pupusas are good. Sexy boyfriend says it's the best he's had in a while, and better than some of the places we've gone to in the east la adjacent area.  The curtido was fresh and not too bitter. The salsa wasn't hot but had that somewhat watery texture that the pupusas suck up so well.I thought my pork and cheese one was over cooked. But the other vegetable and cheese one I got (loroco?) was awesome.The service has been wishy washy here, but I think as long as you don't go when it's not a packed house, service will be decent at least. You just have to wave staff down sometimes to get what you want.But hey, the pupusas are good!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,1/9/2012,1315,252,18,25,20>If I had to pick my top choice for the best pizza in the OC so far, I would lean towards Gina Maria's.Gina Maria's serves up the standard Neapolitan style pizza that most pizza enthusiasts are familiar with: very Americanized, which is somewhat thicker than NY style crust and usually with more toppings.There is, however, nothing standard about the taste and the preparation it takes to make the pizzas here.The thick but airy light crust is always baked to perfection in their huge gas oven that owner Giovanni has been using for years and takes so much pride in.The freshly made tangy tomato sauce is delicately balanced. A mix of sweet and savory and a whole lot of fresh plum tomatoes. Just right!There is a good selection of fresh, hearty toppings and the slices are cut very generously. Each pizza comes loaded with mounds of Mozzarella cheese.Fresh ingredients and good preparation usually equates to a top quality dish. And they never compromise on serving up a tasty, quality pizza here. You will pay a little more for the fresh ingredients and the time of preparation as reflected in the price of a large or XL pizza. My suggestion is to order an individual 8" pizza if you are dining alone. A one topping 8" pizza is only $6, plus tax. It is just enough to satisfy the appetite of a hungry individual. (If you don't think so after eating one, perhaps you just eat too much.)One of the best ways to spend your money for lunch within two miles of the CSUF campus!.Please be sure to tell the owners Giovanni and Catherine that Andrew from CSUF recommended you try their pizza! :)
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,1/8/2012,537,647,15,15,16>Oh my macaroons!This year, my sister did not give me an UBE(Purple yam) cake for my birthday. Instead, I was given a transparent container filled with different colored macaroons. Everything was awesome and stayed awesome 'til the next day. I don't know how I resisted not eating everything in one sitting. Must be the coloring. Bright blue and deep red on your mouth before your birthday dinner seemed inappropriate. Fave flavor: Blueberry, duh! :D
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,1/7/2012,1059,357,20,26,23>We were sitting enjoying our food truck lunch out at the SoCo Farmer's Market, when we were offered a free sample of bread, olive oil and vinegar from We Olive and were told about their special offers that day.We later ventured into the OC Mart Mix to check the place out.  What a cute little store.  Occupying a small area in the Mix, you can sample all their lovely olive oils and do some wine tasting at their wine bar to boot.  I didn't even buy anything and the girl who was helping us was so nice in letting us sample all the different olive oils they had freshly pressed.  Robyn ended up buying some yummy garlic-infused olive oil.  You get your olive oil in a bottle that you get discounted refills on return visits.  With Yelp check-in you get free olive oil bottle pouring spout.  Robyn also did some wine tasting while we were there.  I had a nice conversation with another customer there about the wine she was purchasing.  They also had olives, tapenades and vinegars for sale as well as olive oil soaps and other products.  We noticed that they have happy hour in the wine bar Tuesday through Saturday from 4-7 pm and all day Sunday.  We will definitely be back for their Happy Hour.  I really want to sample their sangria and some of the tapas they have available :)
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,1/6/2012,174,363,38,19,17>As I walked toward the foodcourt of H Mart, the first thing I saw was a huge Shiseido store. Completely off topic, but they make some awesome face lotion for men. Anyways, I looked to the right of Shiseido, and saw the humble MyungIn Dumplings. I glanced over at the menu.I thought to myself: $7 for one order of 4 dumplings?!! What in the world, am I missing something??I asked the lady how big the dumplings were. She looked  up at the menu board and said "pretty much as big as they are in those pictures." I kinda laughed because I thought she wasn't serious, since the menu board hovering above us was like a damn billboard, and each dumpling in the picture looked about as big as her head. But yeah, she was serious. When I think "dumplings," I immediately think of the chinese potstickers - usually with some minced meat/veggies on the inside, wrapped in a crispy (if fried) or soft thin layer of dough. The dumplings here are nothing like this. When you look at the pictures of the dumplings on their menu, you'll say "hey, they look like boobs!" When you receive the box of dumplings and look at them, you'll think that it looks like 2 sets of life-sized boobs. Then, when you finally pick one up and hold it in your hand you'll think damn, I've got a handful of a hot, steamy, soft boob right now. You'll feel weird - almost shy - when you first bite into it because chances are, you've never had to bite off a chunk of boob before. But when you finally sink your teeth in, alas, you're reminded that it's a phenomenal dumpling. I ordered the #1, the Wang (pronounced Wahhhng, in case ur thinking of a certain body part) Man Doo, or the King Dumpling which had very soft juicy meat and veggies inside, wrapped in an unreal fluffy & thick layer of boob (I think I've elaborated enough on this). Next time I'll try the other dumplings, such as the kimchi or red bean dumpling.I ate two of the four dumplings, and I was pretty stuffed. Although these dumplings were amazing, I couldn't help but wish I had something else to eat it with. Maybe next time I'll get an order of this and some dduk boki at the store next door. But I'll give MyungIn a 5 star rating not because I give my 5 stars away too easily, but because I think the dumplings here are pretty much as good as any dumpling can get.Cliff Notes: Humongous quality boob dumplings.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,1/4/2012,940,332,44,46,43>Mastro's MAKES THE BEST FRIGGIN' STEAKS IN ALL OF SOCAL!!!Alright, now that we've gotten that out of the way, i'll get off my soap box and proceed with the review...shall we?My birthday weekend finale ended on a high note with a spectacular meal at Mastro's Ocean Club in Newport Beach on Wednesday October 12! Located in a charming shopping center along PCH, parking spaces were more than ample on a Wednesday night, so feel free to skip the unnecessary valet and park it yourself ;) With that said, I figured the dining room would be more on the quiet, intimate side...Wrong!!!The place was pulsing with pretty much the entire dining space packed to capacity!  Considering I just got back from Vegas, I didn't mind the vibrant energy one bit! Our server Emmy was equally energetic and enthusiastic as she cheerfully presented the menu and her suggestions for the evening.Since I was having steak I decided on a bottle of Malbec which was outstanding! It was rich with a bold depth of flavor, yet it went down smooth! Ahhhh just the way i like it!The complimentary bread basket with a plethora of choices came out quick and it was nice and warm! My favorite was the fragrant Parmesan crostini. It was thin, crisp and had a fantastic snap to it!Oysters were a bit on the small side but on a lighter note, the seared ahi was incredibly good! It was bright and beautifully seared with a ruby red inner flesh that was soft and supple. The tangy sauce lightly drizzled over the dish added the perfect amount of acidity to this exhilarating appetizer! As delicious as the ahi sounded, it was clearly the side show to the much anticipated main attraction, namely my bone in ribeye!As soon as the rib eye was nearby, I could smell the intoxicating aroma of freshly grilled steak permeate my nasal passages and I was instantly hooked!  Once it hit the table in all its glory, i took a short moment to revel in all its stunning beauty!  It was a massive cut: thick, beautifully marbled with a gorgeous crust to it....seriously do you really need anything else on the plate? Of course not! At this point, my eager hands quickly cut into the mouthwatering behemoth and  there I witnessed the natural juices of a well cooked steak flow out of the perfectly pink center!  I immediately began to drool!!! That was it, I simply couldn't wait any longer to get that buttery soft chunk of juicy steak in my mouth!Chew, Chew...GULP! Ahhhhhh pure bliss I tell ya!Did the bliss end there you ask? Absolutely not!I stole a bite (or two) of my friend's Chilean Sea Bass and i was floored from the fluffy yet moist and fatty goodness you can only get from a superior piece of sea bass!  In fact, I'd go as far enough to say it was easily the best sea bass i've tasted since the House in San Francisco!  And that sucker was AMAZEBALLS!!!As with every visit to Mastro's, I kept with my time honored tradition of getting either their winning lobster mash or irresistible king crab gnocci.Tonight, i was feeling King Crab Gnocci....Honestly, words can not describe the decadence in every pillowy bite of goodness in this dish.  It was sublime! The fragrant black truffle oil was exquisite and the pleasant airiness of the gnocci interlaced with chunks of fresh king crab was indulgently satisfying! Be warned, the serving is generous and can easily feed a party of four.  So if you come as a couple, be prepared for some take home!Does it end there?Nope.   The restaurant provided a complimentary slice of chocolate cake to mark the occasion and although it wasn't the famous butter cake, it was no concession by any means.  Rich and velvety frosting stacked on multiple layers of soft and fluffy chocolate cake....MMMMMMMMMThe heaping side of freshly whipped cream was a welcome addition to the dessert and truth be told, i could have easily devoured that entire serving of whipped cream all on my own! Yes, it was that good! Ahhhhhh, the birthday cake was a perfectly sweet finish to an impeccable meal! Although the check was on the hefty side, it was definitely worth every penny!Service was attentive and friendly from start to finish, ambiance was clean, sleek & cozy, and the overall experience was absolutely top notch!Bravo Mastro's! You made my special occasion a simply unforgettable experience!Happy "Birthday" Eats!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,7/16/2012,1223,848,9,15,14>Sunday night dinner with the wife and kids.  We went to Lazy Dog, but they had a 15 minute wait. While waiting we took a quick walk over to Katina's. They had a 4 star rating and no wait so we grabbed a table. First off, the place was nicely decorated and we were welcomed to come on in. Secondly, there was a little note in the menu that says they had no liquor license yet. This was actually a huge plus. We were told we could bring our own.  Score!  I grabbed a very good bottle of Chardonnay from Pavillions and we saved a bunch of cash. That's like a $25 coupon right there. We ordered way too much food. We had a salad platter which was a large chopped Greek salad with no lettuce. Excellent taste and quality. We also had a cold platter with several dips, feta cheese, home made beets w/ tops and fresh pita. It was very good. The entrees were a lamb chop and fries with fresh veggies dish, moussaka, and a seafood stew over angel hair pasta dish. All were large portioned and reasonably priced. The service was outstanding as well. Once I got home, I looked at all of the reviews. Some are totally fake, in my opinion...both the good ones and bad.  Some were written right after they opened, back in March.  My family was very impressed.  I would give it a 4 but my whole family gave it a 5 ........my wife said it was better than Thaso's ......so we will be back...soon.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,7/15/2012,430,297,9,12,12>Buy local!  We have olive products right here in our region...why buy anywhere else?We passed by this shop too many times not to step in...Atlas, here we are.Don't leave without stopping by the tasting bar.   We sampled a few oils and balsamics and walked out with a few products:Fresh blood orange - Citrus Reserve Late Harvest - Very fresh and clean.  Honey Balsamic Vinegar - Perfect to splash over any salads, veggiesWasabi Sake Mustard - sounded really good, had to bring a jar home.Caramelized Onion and Fig Spread - can't wait to spread some of this on artisan bread.Canvas Tote bag and Tee - "Reduce Your Dependence on Foreign Oil"  (very cool and earth-friendly)Great place for gift ideas...fancy condiments of all kinds, varieties of jarred olives, bath products, pastas...bunch of stuffService - Excellent, friendly, knowledgeable.  Makes you feel good about their products.  We were sold!"May Olive your dreams come true"
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,7/14/2012,123,184,9,13,11>Wonderful food, top-notch service, what more could you ask for?! They have a wide array of options on the menu that anyone can find more than a few things they'll like. I'm very indecisive so it was hard for me to just pick one so we decided to try a bunch of small dishes/appetizers and share a main course. This worked perfectly, not too hard on the wallet and left us pretty full.Amuse Bouche- left me wanting to lick the bowl clean. Not sure exactly what it was but some type of mushroom puree w/scallop on top, nutty, earthy, smooth, great 1st impression.Tuna Tartar- this was just ok, I probably wouldn't order it again. The main star on this plate was the 4 small pieces of shitake mushroom just hanging out but didn't seem to belong. Those were delcious and I wished I was just eating a plate of those. The tartar was good but all the elements together just didn't seem to work well with me, especially the sea beans, they were extremely salty to the point of inedible. Roasted Bone Marrow w/apricot marmalade- I enjoyed this and how can you not, it's like pure butter however my only complaint is that I think there was more apricot marmalade than the marrow so it overpowered this dish for me. Plus there was something pickled on there as well that was very stringy and again too overpowering.Steamed Escargot Dumplings- so this is what escargot tastes like! Every time I've had escargot it just tastes like the garlic they have them swimming in. I never really truly knew what the little fellow's tasted like. Now I do! These were very light and earthy, not chewy at all and I quite enjoyed them. I wish more places would do a simpler flavoring on them as they do here.Truffle Mac & Cheese- probably one of the best mac and cheeses I've had. Lots of slices of truffles, they didn't skimp there. Not runny at all and I liked that they used little ditalini pasta instead of bigger penne or elbows, nice crust on top as well.New York Strip- cooked to a perfect medium w/out and ounce of fat on it and it still managed to stay juicy and perfectly tender. Loved the bourbon peppercorn sauce on it, gave it a nice little kick. The veggies were alright, could've been cooked a little longer and the caramelized onion and potato croquette was like a little pillow, fluffy and soft. The first bite of it had me thinking "wow this is freakin good" but after a few more it was a bit much, it tasted like they put some balsamic vineger in the croquette or something, too acidic too eat the whole thing. Roasted Carrot Ginger Cheesecake- I really loved the cheesecake, it had a nice gingersnap crust and the filling was smooth and had a slight sweet carrot flavor, a nice change from the typical cheesecake. The marshmallow topping did nothing for the dish as well as the frozen mandarin souffle, I didn't tast any mandarin at all.The place is very trendy with a nice bar area seperate from the dining room. Very modern feel to it w/dim lights and minimilistic furninture.Our waiter, an older gentleman, was extremely sweet and very attentive. You could tell he wanted everything perfect and I could tell from all the customers around us that everyone really enjoyed and appreciated him. He was not pretentious at all and very charming, a breath of fresh air.They have an impressive cocktail list as well which is always a bonus. Overall I left completely happy with my experience and wanting to come back to try more.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/13/2012,1095,3855,13,19,17>It's been a while since I've updated my review of Lucca Cafe. I've been back a few times recently and I always ask myself, why I keep forgetting it is here. The menu consists of some delicious food and on top of that you can tell the ingredients are always so fresh and seasonal.The menu now includes a whole bunch of small plates which is ideal to nibble on with a few glasses of wine, or, as starters to your meal. One of our favorite items is the pork belly. I usually hate pork belly because people ruin it. Here, the pork belly just melts in your mouth with the ever so crispy top layer creating a perfect textural contrast to the luscious center.My son loves the kobe beef sliders and lamb chops. I could eat a whole rack of these lamb chops they are so tender and flavorful and a couple is never enough.The asparagus and fried egg pasta is to-die-for. It has goat cheese and a runny egg yolk to combine together creating the creamiest mouthful ever. Whenever there are specials you have to try them. They are just outstanding. Recently I tried the salmon with potato souffle, served in a mini skillet and flavored with dill. The potato 'souffle' is rich and creamy with a little crispiness from the bits directly in contact with the skillet. Simply amazing.A pork tenderloin with roasted white chocolate and moscato grapes didn't sound appealing to me when I heard it, but you know what, it turned out to be incredibly mind-blowing. It definitely impressed me.If you haven't been to Lucca lately, you need to go! The small plates menu starts at 4pm and dinner starts at 5pm. Note that menu items change seasonally because they only use the freshest produce.If you're a wine lover, ask for Adam to help you with pairings. He's very knowledgeable and have never steered us wrong.Simply fabulous!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/12/2012,355,278,12,19,11>When I was about 12 years old, my mother broke out the tweezers and decided that it was time to introduce me to the painful world of female brow grooming. Ever since that traumatic experience, I decided to let the professionals handle my unruly brows. However, it was never a given that the experience was any more pleaseant. I've had my eyebrows (wo)man-handled everywhere - from aestheticians trained at Anastasia Beverly Hills to over-priced high-end salons to inexpensive nail salons. I've been plucked, waxed, and shaped to no end for more years than I care to disclose. So when my sister told me that I really need to check out threading at Perfect Brows, I decided to give it a go.I can't say enough good things about this place. First, they're cheap. Really, really cheap. But, more importantly, the ladies that work there are all very nice and do a great job. It seems like I go to a different brow tech every time I'm there and they always thread to perfection. I also love that they have convenient hours, are open every day, take walk-ins fairly quickly, and I'm in and out in about 10 minutes or less. The best part of all is that the process doesn't hurt nearly as much as waxing and my eyebrows aren't bright red afterwards. Threading is the best thing I've ever done for my brows (other than keep my mother away from them, of course) and Perfect Brows is my go-to spot.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,7/11/2012,2088,519,21,24,23>Casa 300A jump, a sprint, and a sigh of relief came oozing out of me as I opened the door to Casa Inka. Dodging the pouring rain really set the tone to our chilly visit. The restaurants warmth was pleasant and the homey entrance did us right. Indeed, I was ready to try my first Peruvian meal!We only encountered ONE staff member the entire time. This particular young lady was @ the host stand when we came in, sat us down, took our orders, whisked around the restaurant helping the two other parties, gave us our food, and everything else in between!!! Her load was respectfully light, so we barely noticed any lack in service. Wonderful!As for the food, the complimentary bread with dipping sauce was crispy and filling. Their house cilantro soup was hot and tasty. Perfect on a day like that. The empanadas (one chicken & one beef) were good. I particularly liked the beef a little better which was juicy. I couldn't even tell if they added raisins to the beef like they did to the chicken one. The dipping sauce had a slight spice and the accompanying onion salad was a surprisingly good combo. Now, the entrees! Our tummies were in the beginning stages of feeling full after we all helped ourselves to our starters. We were glad that we only ordered two plates to share among the four of us (2 adults and 2 little kids that eat like birds). The Beef Lomo Saltado was cooked perfectly. It was juicy but lacked tomatoes. I was sad to only have one bite of red heaven in the Saltado yet there were plenty of onions in the mix. If there is ever a next time, I'll request more. This dish is just like "beef steak" in the Filipino and Guamanian cultures, so it wasn't a new taste for us. I'm personally not a fan of the fries it comes with. I've always heard so much hoopla about Peruvian chicken and thought that it MIGHT be good here. I hesitated a little because they don't really talk about their roasted chicken but we thought, "who cares." It was okay. Nothing special and tastes just as juicy as the whole chicken you can get @ the grocery store. Oh well! We enjoyed ourselves on that gloomy and wet day. Casa Inka has definitely got me into the Peruvian spirit. If you've never had this type of feast, I recommend this place especially if your in time for Happy Hour! I'm sure it'll makes things a whole lot...happier. Thanks for being my 300th hurrah, Casa. =)
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/10/2012,256,136,36,38,36>Not only was the looooooooooooooooong line and waiting for everyone in front of you to order painful, you will be fighting with the same people for a table!  Those already seated would not make eye contact with you as they prefer to eat their delicious sammies in peace.  Who would want people hovering over them while they eat!?Other than that...this place is actually a Sweet joint!1. The Chicken and Waffle is a staple here. Please get this with the maple syrup. I read a lot of people complained about how dry the chicken was, the chicken was not so great, blah, blah, blah... Spend the buck and transform this sammie into something wondrous. I have seen others request ranch dressing...so whatever floats your boat...get it.2. Their daily specials are always a hit...at least for me.  I was fortunate enough to try their cheesecake waffle dessert sammie.  Can I say WOW!?!??! What a delicious work of art...seriously... I felt pretty awesome after eating it...it's kind of like going to heaven and back then realizing your stomach will extend a size or two...3. Prosciutto and Waffle -  I know I know...prosciutto should be on crackers and next to some foie gras dish but hey, Bruxie made it work.  The sweetness of the waffle really compliments the salty prosciutto... Another must try!So... My 100th review goes to Bruxie for being an innovative and bad-for-a-person-who-wants-to-stay-fit place!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/9/2012,193,232,25,31,32>I rarely (possibly never have) written 2 reviews on the same date - but this is Part 2 of a "Head to Head" Sandwich Challenge between Mr. Pickles and Deli-licious. These two places are the leaders when searching for sandwiches or delis on in HB on Yelp.As you will read it wasn't close I would award more stars if it were possible. Truly seemed as good as it gets.  There's a good reason that my Yelp friends Sidney S, Steven N, Chris D, Dave G, Chad A, Laura S, Alan T, Dan H., Michael P, and Mary R. were unanimous with 5 stars!! The only dissenter was a 4 star  ROTD from Donna D (who states she is not a huge sandwich lover)!! That is quite a shot grouping - not to mention the other 126 (127 with mine) 5 star reviews,  and 60 more 4 star reviews!! The banner outside says they are voted #1 in OC by Yelp - I would have to agree that this is the #1 sandwich - not gonna get into #1 deli overall - but #1 sandwich for sure!Since this is a H2H with Mr. P's - let's get into it - Parking - easier, and more relaxed.Greeting, initial impression - this is a small family run place, not a franchise - So the welcome is warm, you come in a customer, but you are welcomed as a friend, that was the way it seemed to me - my observations provided the impression that many people who came in were remembered. There are pictures are on the walls of their many friends/customers.The seating area though small, is comfortable - and the Angels were on TV.  It was a pleasant atmosphere - some candy and bottled water available (complimentary) while you wait for your order.I look into the kitchen and I see real cooking going on - an commercial range and griddle - people cooking - did not see a microwave - food might take a little longer that Mr. P's but the care and quality of the food make it worth it. - anyway it was just a little bit longer than fast food - not long by any means - and you can call you order in.I told the girl that took my order what i was doing with my challenge - she suggested a few favorites - and some of the other food choices - this was quite a contrast to the friendly but "what'll you have - everything on it - step to the left to pay" corporate training interaction and process at Mr P's. She was actually interested in my challenge - didn't feel any conversational interest at Mr. P's - more like fast food.She described the sandwiches, and that some where available as halves and some only as whole ones - As soon as I heard about  Wende's "American Style" Deli Sandwich I didn't care about it being available as only a whole sandwich - I was sold!Here's the menu description :Your choice of meat and cheese, grilled with our deli slaw and tomatoes and topped with crisp french fries smothered in our special sauce and served on ciabatta bread.I went with the pastrami and swiss - read about this sandwich in Chris D's review - Let me just say, the sauce, the slaw, the fries, the meat , the ciabatta bread - everything was awesome. and the flavors came together so perfectly. I was amazed that it was this good. I don't know why I was surprised considering the reviews - but this sandwich put an end to this challenge right away - no contest at all - first round KO!In addition - cool sides available - I decided to try the Chili and the Mac and Cheese - now, that the kind of sides I'm talkin' about - and they were both good! Chili had good flavor, fresh tomato, onion and black beans and cheese - I liked it and would get it again - my only suggestion would be to up the meat ratio in it some. I liked the Macaroni and cheese also it had a couple of cheeses in it - I'm not sure what they were, it's not a whole lot of cheddar but rather other white cheeses, and topped with shaved parmesan or romano. Both sides had a little bit of grease, but whatever -it's mac and cheese and chili - IMO if its good stuff, it's gonna have a little oil.3 Hearts Bakery cookies, vs. Mr. Pickles cookie. No comparison.They packed up my sandwich into two separate containers - knowing I was looking for a half sandwich - this made it easy to save the other half for dinner - plenty of napkins and utensils were place in the bag. In the end, this wasn't a great competition with Deli-licious winning almost every comparison - the only ones Mr. P's wins are having Pepsi, and hours open - which are inconsequential; what you really want is great service and great food - and in those categories this place certainly deli livers. If you are looking for a sandwich for lunch - I encourage you to try them both and draw your own conclusions!!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/8/2012,386,165,29,12,11>My new job has been killing me. I have been cranking 60hrs a week and my whole body is aching. I am in need of a major massage. More like a major tune up!I pulled into the BR body shop and I told them I need an overhaul. They said that the can hook it up for $25. They gave me a picture of the human body and ask me to circle which parts to work on and to choose the intensity level of the massage. I circled the whole body and chose intensity level - HARD. I told them to BREAK me if they could. From out of nowhere, Jackie Chan appeared in scrubs. I knew I was in for a real treat. He works wonders with his hands, fingers, feet and toes. I swear he bust his Kung Fu, Tae Kwon Do, and Karate Chops the knots out of my back. He broke me like a twig. I came out of there totally relaxed and rejuvenated. What can I say I was in a state of pure BLISS!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/7/2012,1193,763,25,26,24>It's all about Asylum's ghost chili hot sauce!That mother freaking, spicy as the hottest pits in HELL hot sauce had my nose running, mouth burning and eyes watering and you know what? I LOVED IT! My buddy and double date companion for the evening Michelle T, would have probably died on the spot if she have even tasted a drop of the sauce. Her dude liked it though. He's a real trooper!Located in The Camp, Taco Asylum is a small, industrial looking taco joint. The menu here is pretty simple. Tacos. Beers. That's about all. They only have about 10 different tacos to choose from but each one is unique. No ground beef and cheese at the Asylum. What you'll find here is pork belly, octopus, curried paneer, lamb and more. I had three different tacos while at the Asylum, which were:Pork Belly- Carrots, daikon, onions & cilantro ($5) yelp.com/biz_photos/ryqt…Steak Chimichurri- Chimichurri sauce, buttermilk fried onions & potato hash ($5) yelp.com/biz_photos/ryqt…Duck- Camembert, purple fingerling chips & dijon crème fraîche ($6) yelp.com/biz_photos/ryqt… Out of the three, I liked the pork belly the best. That taco was loaded with sweet, salty, fatty PB. The reason I liked this one the most was once I added the super hot ghost chili sauce, this taco was sweet, salty and super spicy all at the same time. The steak chimi was my wife's fave. Asylum's chimi sauce rocks. The duck was also wonderful. To wash this down I got a glass of their pineapple mango aguas frescas, which was super refreshing.The reason I think this place has so many mixed reviews is because of the prices. I had three tacos and a drink, as did my wife. It was over $40 for 6 tacos and 2 drinks. A bit much. The service was fat and friendly though, which was cool. If you like gourmet taco's, you'll like Taco Asylum. Just know ahead a time if you're starving you'll end up spending a few bucks.PS- Sorry again Michelle for all my screw ups that night! I blew really blew it!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,8/10/2011,382,237,11,13,12>I hope I'm not jumping the gun, but Bruxie definitely deserves my 5 stars!Came here on a whim when we missed the closing time for Anepalco's (chilaquiles!). It was close by and pretty easy to find. We parked a couple streets down (where the Perfect Circle Cupcakery is) and walked over. I love the area, it has such a hometown feel. The place itself is quite small but very adorable. I can see how you have to fight for seats at peak hours. They even had those water mists going to cool you off in the hot heat! Awesome (and thoughtful!) idea, but I hope the water's clean since it gets all up in your food while you're eating :PThe servers here are suuper friendly and highly highly recommended the pulled pork sandwich, so we decided to go with the Carolina BBQ Pulled Pork ($7.95) and the Strawberry Creme Brulee (both seasonal items). Wow, so did not regret our choices! The minute they brought this out to our table, I was amazed. The strawberry creme brulee ($4.95) is a great portion for the price and it is dang delicious. It comes with a creamy custard with bits of caramelized sugar and sweet sweet strawberries. I'm a messy eater so the sweet cream kept squishing out when I took a bite, but it was so good I couldn't just leave it there! I scooped it all up and back in my mouth it went! Mmm, lip smacking delicious. The waffle itself is nice and crispy, providing a great crunch with every bite. Not soggy in the least! Nam didn't know what to expect with these waffle sandwiches, but he was very pleasantly surprised with the pulled pork. It was every bit as good as they made it out to be. It comes with some cole slaw sitting on a bed of a juicy flavorful pulled pork, along with a side of tangy sauce and pickle that adds the perfect crunch! We added some sriracha too which was such an excellent idea, I'm surprised I never thought of adding sriracha to BBQ before! Again, the waffle itself was perfect, not too soft or soggy, but just the right amount of crispness to make the whole thing come together. We walked away super happy and satisfied. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu. I admit the sandwiches are a bit pricey (except the strawberry creme brulee :P) but they are so worth every bite. Yatta for Bruxie!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,8/9/2011,331,406,18,22,19>Short Version:Five stars for --Amazing AmbianceTop-Shelf Class and ServiceExcellent Management & Friendly, Knowledgeable StaffDelicious Mouth Watering Menu & Renown ChefNo Skimping on Details (ex: Live Music, Great Restrooms, Decor)Creativity and Elegance in the Heart of Orange CountyCheck PhotosWould I Return? You bet your sweet ass I would!----------------------Detailed Version:Formerly the Manhattan Supper Club, Manhattan Steak and Seafood boasts a menu, knowledgeable & kind staff, as well as ambiance that scream elegance... actually, scratch that... this place screams DELICIOUS!My lady and I went in a couple weeks ago on a Friday evening with reservations and weren't sure what to expect. We had come to the restaurant a long time back under the old name/ownership, and while it was good, it wasn't on my top five, or even ten. My, how things have changed for the better... Upon first entrance, we received a warm greeting from the lovely hostess, who spoke to us like our business was appreciated -- that alone is a huge plus in my book, and first impressions are everything. She sat us in the red room, which is the second level seating, but this place is tri-level if I remember correctly -- main floor, one up, and one down... A great live jazz band was playing in the lounge, and gave the place a great buzz... the decor in each room was gorgeous... classy... everything was definitely top shelf, and no detail (nor dollar) was spared... traditional and classic, but definitely not boring or stuffy... I would skip Ruth's Chris and Morton's just on decor and vibe alone, but it gets better...Our waiter, Haithem (who looked just like my cousin lol) came out to greet us, take our drink orders, and provide us with the menu. Sinatra was playing over the speakers upstairs, and the entire feel was very romantic. They have a very long wine, cocktail, whiskey, bourbon, and scotch menu, so after ordering drinks, we got down to business... and ordered some appetizers and our entrees.So many decisions -- and everything on the menu looked absolutely mind-blowing:manhattanoc.com/sitebuil…Haithem came back with our drinks and a couple warm zucchini soup shooters to whet our appetite, courtesy of the chef - again, first class all the way. To start, we got the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail Martini (they weren't kidding when they said JUMBO!) and a half-dozen oysters... I've had some good oysters before, but these were ridiculously yummy... ready to put down, with the right amount of everything. For entrees, my lady went with the 1.5lb Wild Maine Lobster, which came out at the same time as my meal -- the finest panko-crusted Colorado Rack of Lamb this side of... well... Colorado. My mouth is literally watering as I type this and think about how succulent that dish was. Dining all over the world and I cannot say that I have had lamb as tender and well-prepared (easy dish to mess up) as I did that evening in Orange. All of the sides perfectly complimented their respective main courses, and our server checked on us frequently to make sure all bases were covered.For dessert, we mowed down the Manhattan Warm Chocolate Cake (again, mouth-watering) and the Tiramisu... both were absolutely lovely and came out in record time after the meal... excellent finales.I can honestly say that this place not only contends with any other fine dining establishment, but actually knocks the competition on its ass. It's a rare treat to find a place with this great ambiance, this level of service and class, along with menus and a chef that can prepare wild caught game and organic dishes mixed with traditional classics in your own hometown. Every dish on that menu is worth three times its price, and if you've been wanting to check this place out but are unsure... go for the cocktails and music... I'm 100% certain that once you get in there like me, there will be no holding back!As for me... well I'm currently saving for ROUND 2!!!(See pics)
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,8/8/2011,340,156,10,15,14>I had my second birthday dinner at Ohshima and oh boy, was it good!  We sat at the sushi bar - a must do at every sushi restaurant, in my opinion - and opted for the omakase.  The wait staff were friendly, the sushi chef was very amicable and participated in friendly banter with us and other patrons throughout the evening.I have no complaints about any of the chef's selections for the omakase.  The sushi tasted fresh and I like how the soy sauce, ponzu sauce or sea salt is added at his discretion for taste. I must emphasize that the uni here is FANTASTIC! So buttery, so good, so making me drool right now. Other notable recommendations: cherry salmon, bluefin tuna belly, albacore with garlic.I will definitely be back again for an uni fix.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/7/2011,339,107,7,18,16>I have been wanting to try this place for a while, and the sad part is that I work like 2 streets up from here and after trying it tonight im kicking myself in the butt for waiting so long...it was incredible! After my last meal at a korean restaurant (yelp.com/biz/flower-pig-…) i kind of wanted to skip korean food for a while, but after going here i flipped a complete 180 and now crave it!!They start the meal with a trio of starters. They have kimchi, a spicy diced radish (that looked like pasta) dish and this sweet and sourish cold potato dish. Not many place do this any more, its like a higher class version of bread, and although I'm not a huge fan of cold dishes like this they were all good especially he potato! The menu is super expansive and has pretty much any korean dish you want to get.We started off with the special spicy mool mando and the crunchy roll. The mool mando is a dish with steamed chicken pot stickers with a liquidy spicy vinaigrette below it and pieces of jalapeno on top of each pot sticker. I am no the greatest lover of spicy foods, but this was a great dish and the spice was a really nice combination with the pot stickers. The crunchy roll, which I didn't have high hopes for, was really tasty they even found some way to make the crunchy part of the roll sweeter which blew my taste buds to a whole nother state!For my main meal I got the kal bal, which is a grilled beef in a sweet garlic and soy sauce...the best part is that they bring it out on a super piping hot plate and the sauce caramelizes below and you dip the meat in teh sauce....sooo good! underneath the beef is a bunch of thinly sliced onions, and because the dish is really hot, the onions and the sauce mix and flavor the beef, in addition to this great onion and garlic aroma!Overall the food was great and on top of the the service was incredible, really top notch and on top of everything, I will be going back here again in the future...hopefully later on this week during lunch at work!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,8/6/2011,940,332,33,33,35>Believe The HYPE!!!! The Strawberry "Crack" Croissants here are simply Uh-Mazing!!!!I stopped by here on a lazy Sunday afternoon and luckily the bakery was not crowded or busy for that matter!  Whew! That was a relief because it was one of those days where i just wanted to stroll in, grab what i wanted and be on my merry way.  As soon as i walked inside, i was invited into a charming and cozy little bakery with an impressive selection of enticing desserts, pastries and breads.But who are we kidding here, I came specifically for the famous strawberry croissant!  I was a man on a mission and I was determined to get one of those suckers in mah belly!  As I peered into the small refrigerated bakery display I saw three strawberry croissants remaining.  Without hesitation, I greedily snatched up all three croissants.  In my head, i was thinking, muhhahahaha I got the last of the delectable strawberry croissants! I win! Moments later, however, a lady refilled the vacant bakery display with racks of fresh strawberry croissants!!! AArrrgghhh! I could have gotten fresh ones?!?! Darn it!Anyways, after paying for them, I parked it on a small seating area inside the bakery and proceeded to open the small plastic container that housed these decadent little pastries.  For a short moment, I reveled in it's beauty. Ripe, luscious strawberry slivers covered in a velvety sweet cream, sandwiched inside a delicate puff pastry-like croissant and lightly dusted with irresistibly sweet powdered sugar. Now tell me that doesn't sound good?!?!  As soon as i sunk my teeth into the croissant, I heard the flaky crunch of a freshly baked puff pastry, yet the inside was pillowy soft and fluffy. MMMMMMM delicious! The cream filling was light and not cloyingly sweet at all and it complemented the natural sweetness of the strawberries perfectly!  My first experience was so good that I ordered 6 more croissants to go, and based on Chris D's review, I checked my order! LOLRecommended: Strawberry Croissants!!!Happy Eats!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,8/5/2011,137,389,12,10,7>I had a BLAST at McFadden'sI should get a tshirt that says that.Granted, a big part of that blast was having a snark-fest aimed at Phil Shane and his eclectic followers. He is absurd.The highlights: excellent drinks and perfect chips. They fry their own and achieved the perfect balance of grease and crunch. They serve plain old American bar food. It ain't much to look at, but is surprisingly tasty.And they pour excellent drinks. At great prices.Met a darling old gal in the ladies room (where there is but one stall -1 star). She proceeded to tell me that she hasn't been out dancing for months because she had double knee replacement, that she was wasted on vicodin, and would try to hurry but her girdle is a bitch. Almost peed myself.Later she discovered the 'structural support' located on the side of the dance floor. She worked that stripper pole! We were laughing so hard we could barely run over and slip her dollar bills. But we did, and she and her hubby found it hilarious. The joy of getting old: you can dance like nobody's watching. They even tried to return the money when they took a break. No way! You earned it!Karaoke must be spectacular.Has all sports packages.And excellent drinks.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,8/4/2011,11,185,10,14,11>As the manager of a small engineering office, handling practical concerns like business cards/signage/logo paper printing, etc. is part of my job. I had used the same company for these items for many years, but recently it seemed that he was raising prices on me to an astronomical level. I decided to take my business elsewhere.Luckily, I was already familiar with Apples & Oranges and trusted the owner would do quality work at a fair price. I sent her an example of what I needed and she got it out to print and delivered within a few days. The work was solid, but there was one issue with spacing on the cards, a simple miscommunication. When I told her they would need to be redone, she was as kind and helpful as could be and, again, my order was turned around within just a few days, with personal delivery and no extra charges. It was simply stress-free, fantastic customer service.I will definitely go back to Apples & Oranges the next time I need business cards or custom print work done. I am all about supporting small business and am thrilled to have a source other than the chains or huge shops.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/3/2011,1444,1073,13,17,17>Our Tuesday ended like this:Him: Do you have to immediately get home?Me: Depends.Him: Depends on what?Me: Depends on what you're thinking of doing next...Him: It's a surpriseMe: Isn't it always? (smiling)Him: Just drive where I tell you to drive...We pull into the shopping center behind my house. Are we going to Henry's? He did say I needed grocery. So maybe. But that's not really much of a surprise. Party city? Um.. The hardware store? He's finally going to fix my futon. That's not really surprise-worthy either. We walk up to this jewelry store. It's no surprise that we love each other. We've talked about getting married for a long time now but haven't actually committed to the idea. Why? Because we're in a long distance relationship. One of us would have to move. But who? So why are we here? He wants to know what I like so I won't have to look at the ring and "pretend" to like it only to somehow later find a way to tell him I hate it or want to change it. He knows how picky I am. He doesn't want to guess at this stuff. This place isn't a crazy high end store either but they carry some big name jewelry. I wasn't too thrilled with the diamond engagement rings. I just wasn't happy. The salesman couldn't get a smile out of me and I kept rejecting everything. Luckily my boyfriend is very patient. Am I lucky girl or what? He knows I don't like diamonds but that's kinda what engagement rings are made of. I finally found a style I liked and then my wonderful boyfriend said "we actually want that in purple." God bless him. He didn't know the exact name of the stone but he knew I was different and I wanted my ring to be unique. So today there's no ring on my finger but soon I'll have a purple ring when they can special order the stone and mount it.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,8/2/2011,733,1325,11,22,19>Thanks to Yelp, I've had Rooster PM on my radar for months.  When Joa K. suggested some last minute dinner plans, I was in!  Rooster PM is essentially a pop-up restaurant that rents out space from Rooster Cafe.  Same location, different staff.  Just arriving, we were greeted immediately and given a table.  The waitress we had was super friendly and asked us where we had heard about them.  "Yelp!" was our answer.  The waitress brought out some complimentary pesto to share.  It was freshly made and delectable.  The owner/manager brought us some complimentary tomato soup too.  That was creamy and tasty.  I loved the small portion.  It's great if you just want a small taste of soup.  The waitress then came to take our drink orders.  I ordered the Tinto Verano ($5) which was their version of Sangria.  It was refreshing and served in a pint glass.  I even got a free refill!  Joa and I knew we were in for a treat after the delicious pesto.  We were aware that it was a tapas place so we ordered a few plates to share.  First of all, we wanted the 4-cheese Mac 'n' Cheese ($6).  That was a given.  It's the BEST $6 mac 'n' cheese EVER!  It was super cheesy and decadent.  I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  Then we ordered the honey roasted goat cheese ($6), which was heavenly.  The goat cheese was covered in sesame seeds and sat in a pool of honey, served with some crispy, thinly sliced bread. I also suggested the shoshito peppers ($6) because they are so awesome roasted with a sprinkling of salt.  Did you know that 1 in 10 shoshito peppers are actually spicy?  Well luckily the last one I had was.  Win!  We also tried the lamb with pesto sauce ($10) because ever since Taste of Anaheim, I've been in love with lamb paired with pesto.  We ordered the chops medium, but they should have been medium rare since I found them overcooked. I think Joa agreed with me as well.  That was our folly, not theirs.  For dessert, we decided to go with two different desserts to share since we couldn't decide on just one.  We went with churros with chocolate ($5) and s'mores ($5).  Both were so good!  The churros came out with the chocolate sauce drizzled on top with fresh strawberries and whipped cream on the side but I've seen pictures from other Yelpers that it used to come with a chocolate dipping sauce.  I would have preferred to dip the churros.  Just my two cents.  The s'mores were perfectly toasted and came with a LOT of whipped cream and fresh strawberries!  It was a little disappointing that we only got 3 s'mores though, since there were 2 of us and we were reluctant to share.  Well the verdict is that this place is good and innovative.  I can't wait to come back to try their other offerings! They are open Wednesday - Sunday, evenings only.  There's a limited number of seating inside and some tables outside as well.  I suggest trying to get there early for dinner since they might run out of a dishes as another Yelper experienced.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,8/1/2011,295,170,12,18,13>The true essence of good food is enhanced in every facet of detail at True Food. True to its name, this place is genuine in its ability to capture the organic, fundamental flavors of each highlighted ingredient that illuminates the many aromas of food that normally get lost and masked with  the excessive seasoning and sauces at other places. Now, I'm not saying that you will get bland food. No way. All entrees are anything, but that. I can assure you that. A fanciful decor with a touch of CB2, if you are a fan of the latter, than I can put a pretty penny that you will love the feel and aurora that is generated by True Food's "raw" feel. With its wooden benches, beige and mint green decor and cushioned seats in the patio surrounded by very unique plantery amidst most of the premises, it is hard to not get lost in the essentials of this earthly decorated setting. Let's start with the most important accompaniment to any good meal. The drinks. Ladies and gentleman, this place rocks in this area. I tried the Cucumber Refresher, a cucumber & honey lemonade potion that will leave you feeling relaxed and cleansed just like how you would at the end of a facial. I, myself ordered The Prana- a cocktail that screams with the essence of citrus flavors mixed w/ the perfect amount of Bellvedere Vodka. Ooo la la.Per the waitress' recommendations, I ordered the Edamame Dumplings for the appetizer. Oh how succulent these quadruplet pillows of a substance that paroled the consistency of ricotta cheese within a sweet pool of cleansing flavors. To satisfy my veggie craving, I also ordered the Tuscan Kale salad. A must have even if you don't like salads. Why?! Because you will regret it if someone asks you "Have you ever tried the wondrous vegetable of Kale-dome?!!!" Of course, you don't want to look like a fool and say what's kale? So just go eat some and be done with this one or perhaps multiple time experience depending on your taste buds likes/dislikes. Now onto the entrees. The spaghetti squash casserole was to die for. Who doesn't love the Italian flavors of fresh mozzarella, organic ripened tomatoes and zucchini? I felt like I was eating the real, sinful deal minus the after effect of feeling like a cow after consuming sauced carbs. I have yet to discover and replicate these delicacies of deliciousness. And dun dun dun. Onto the finale. Now, who would have thought that my already overly satiated stomach could exceed this level of euphoria. BEHOLD. I share with you the Flourless Chocolate Cake!!!!!  Sprinkled with 72% cocoa bits, vanilla bean ice cream w/ a drizzle of caramel and the fluffiest, dense, but not too rich flour less cake you shall ever devour. O babyyy. I can keep on ranting, but I will stop here. Now stop drooling over your key board and go get your chocolate cake and embrace your inner nomster.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,10/17/2011,654,998,10,13,12>This restaurant is attached to the Westin. It's small (but has an outside covered patio area), has impeccable service, amazing food, and isn't cheap.I came with a group for lunch. I ordered a salad that had fresh greens, ruby red grapefruit, pistachios, and topped with a lemon vinaigrette.  An amazing salad. Then I had rotisserie chicken that melted in my mouth. It was so juicy and flavorful. It was served on a bed of field watercress, something I've never had before and which I found to have a wonderful nutty flavor. It also came with a side of fries that were seasoned with garlic and parsley and other delicious mystery seasonings. Finally I had dessert: a brown sugar panna cotta with hazelnuts and a blackberry sauce. It was fantastic.I did sample some of the other group's food. A bite of someone's cheesy onion soup made me wish I had ordered it.  Someone else ordered a burger topped with cheddar, avocado, and carmelized onions. The burger was one of the thickest burgers I've ever seen and I definitely want to go back and order this for lunch someday. I also tasted 3 scoops of gelato: vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate. As dense and delicious as the chocolate was, I must admit the vanilla was bursting with flavor and was my favorite of the three.I already mentioned the perfect attentive service. It's also a quiet place, perfect for conversation. They valet park at night but for lunch you can park for free at the side of the restaurant or park in the Westin lot and get your parking ticket validated in the restaurant.Love this place!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,10/16/2011,1059,357,21,27,28>Talk about a great marketing idea.  My bf called me from his workplace to say they had received a case of this awesome kettekorn from a local company for free.  Upon calling Maw 'N Paw Kettlekorn, they were told that when they had an overproduction of a certain type of kettlekorn, and they sent out the overflow to local companies.  Brilliant.  Let me tell you, he brought two bags of the Zebra Caramel Chocolate home and it was so good!.  Caramel kettlekorn drizzled with milk and white chocolate.  I cannot describe how addictive it is.  Flavors galore of kettlekorn here.  There are chocolate drizzled flavors like the above mentioned and their original Zebra Chocolate which is their kettlekorn drizzled with mild and white chocolate, mint chocolate swirl, dark chocolate, white chocolate cinnamon and so on.  My favorites are the savory types like white cheddar cheese, ranch, salt and vinegar.  They even have Chicago Korn which is caramel korn tumbled with cheddar cheese.  Other varieties include spicy and fruit kettlekorn such as jalapeno, cajun cheese, boysenberry, strawberry banana and watermelon to name a few.  The store also sells candy and nuts and trail mixes.  They have packaged gummi, chocolate covered, licorice and sour varieties of candy.  They have the best Australian strawberry licorice for sale.  It is really fresh and so yummy!For gift ideas, there are tins and baskets of their kettlekorn for sale.  Purchases can be made at their store in Laguna Hills or through their online shop.  So happy to find a great local company, with some of the best kettlekorn I have tasted, not too far from me.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,10/15/2011,706,398,9,13,12>I was in the area so thought I'd try this place once and for all. It is located in the most ghetto strip mall!! I couldn't believe it. And the sign isn't that big either so I really had to keep my eyes peeled. It's a small restaurant with a couple of tables outside and maybe 4 or 5 tables inside. Crispy rolls ($3.75)-Best eaten while it's still hot. Unfortunately, I didn't get to eat it right away so they were no longer crispy, but still tasty. They were even good cold the next day.Portobello Burger ($7.25)-Tasty!! I really enjoyed this one. The mushroom was huge and so meaty. Delicious slices of fresh tomatoes, red onions, iceberg lettuce, pickles, and some sort of mayo completed the burger. It came with a side of crinkle cut fries.Strawberry cheesecake ($3.50)-Yummers!!! Imagine a Yoplait whipped mousse yogurt thingy. It was like that, but slightly more dense and way better! I love strawberries, but am not the biggest fan of cheesecake. This was fantastic and I would definitely order it again. It's better than real cheesecake! Thai Iced Tea- Delicious! It was creamy and sweet, and I absolutely loved it! However, beware as it is very strong. I was up all night!!They have vegan Tiramisu!! Can't wait to try it next time!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,10/14/2011,1078,989,12,13,9>BLUEBERRY DONUTSMust get this. This is why you are in line for 2 1/2 - 3 hours either standing outside the window opening with a bunch of your friends and teenyboppers... or in the row of cars with your window open smoking up a storm to kill your midnight hunger streak. The blueberry is perfectly blended and not too sweet. It's like blueberry pancakes...except in a donut. The reason you are waiting forever and a day is because they make these fresh, and they do not care if you have to wait a freaking day for it. They know it's worth it, and so do you.MAPLEWarm, light, fluffy. I never get maple because it is just too sweet for me. Not here. I was really jealous of my friend's donut. It was freshly made and just as good as the blueberry. CHOCOLATEAmazing as well. The chocolate kind of runs because its fresh, and i'm ok with that. GLAZEDmeh. skip this. It's not very fresh and not very fluffy. BOXESThe come in pizza boxes. We had 4 girls who all wanted a different variety of donuts, so we each got a half dozen box. They are really efficient in taking the orders and each box was given to us in the order it was made. Awesome.SURROUNDINGThe Food 4 Less is open 24 hours. I highly recommend you buy milk there. I got a liter to gulp down with my donuts, and i drank most of it during the wait in the car anyway. There's also a fairly clean bathroom for the faint of bladder. Taco Bell and Burger King are also in the same lot. Bring a camera, friends, and lots of smokes. Trust me, you'll need it.I will probably never come back here and wait in this line again, but if I know a friend is going, I will definitely send out an order.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/13/2011,198,226,10,13,10>Stopped by with lover after a nice jog/run.We were on a healthy streak so we figured, "Why ruin things by grabbing a burger!"Lover and I actually ran into the owner a couple weeks before the place opened and we got to go inside!I think I was the one that added the Fish-o-Licious page too :DFinally I got around to tryin' the place out.Grabbed myself a plate of fish and chips and lover got the cajun salmon with lemon butter.Funny how often the lover gets entree envy every time we go eat.The fries were borderline between crispy and hard.The fish was well cooked.The slaw was a bit hard to eat with a fork.The sourdough roll was delicious!The plaza is rather small and filled with other eateries, yet your order comes with them beeper things that tells you when your food is ready.Steven N. tells me that I should hurry up and finish this review...I didn't realize I had such fervent fans!So this one is for you Steven N.;for tossing aside your patience and demanding that I get back on track with my reviews!You're Cool!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,10/12/2011,596,450,19,15,14>You had me at "Monte Cristo", the rest was just piling on!The fact that we had such a great show (and on a lazy Saturday afternoon, at that) was just such a wonderful and unexpected bonus!The Beautiful Carin and I decided to take our bicycles on a little tour and headed out for a ride around the Back Bay Estuary.That whole area makes for such a nice ride...so quiet and relaxing...soothing, even!Well, except when the wanna-be "tour de france" bike racers (all decked out in "team" colors...not their team...still) come blowing by in their "peloton", huffing and puffing, drafting, jostling and just generally being obnoxious about trying to see how fast they can go and how close to unsuspecting pleasure bike riders (like Carin and I, for example) that they can get.Throttle it back, Lance...you harm a hair on Carin's head (or mine, frankly) and will I sic my meanest, nastiest attorney on you and all your spandex clad support riders...he's on retainer and just itching for something to do...I will own you for the next four generation's...just sayin'This time, fortunately, no one was harmed in our ride around the bay, and we arrived at the intersection of PCH and Bayside in a peckish mood!That's when the real fun began!We parked our bikes and were profusely welcomed at the bottom of the entry stairs by a blonde in her mid-forties, deploying her tightest and most revealing mini-dress...she wasn't an employee of 3T3...she was a patron...a very well served patron...let's call her "Connie".Tottering on a pair of 5 inch "F*ck Me" pumps (settle down, Carin told me that's what they are called), Connie wobbled uncertainly back up the stairs telling us all about Saturday Brunch and the fabulous "build your own" Burritos and Bloody Mary's!We have no idea why she was outside leading us in.She was adorable if you like that sort of MILF meets Cougar meets Botox and Silicone thing.Connie had clearly camped out at the BM bar for most of the morning and had that special aura that only a six pack of cocktails can provide!She chatted up nearly every single "single" guy in the place (as well as a few who seemed to be with dates or wives)...Connie was clearly looking for love!And she might have found it...the atmosphere, location, deck, views, service, food and drinks at 3T3 are all conducive to love!The contemporary décor feels both welcoming and fashionable...overstuffed contemporary casual...just like me!And just like my home!Unlike our new friend, Connie, Carin and I didn't hit the Bloody Mary bar and decided to have our traditional KetleOne marti along with Carin's delicious Cobb salad and my aforementioned Monte Cristo for our lunch.We enjoyed our well made food and cocktails while we enjoyed the shows...you read that right..."shows"!No sooner had our cocktails arrived than a second show broke out...this one more planned than Connie's MILF/Cougar show going on at the bar right beside our table.The planned show had less sex and drama than the "Real Cougar's of Newport Beach" show, but it did have significantly more (and better) music!The Saturday Brunch Band was a pretty decent "Golden Oldies" band...they played and sang their little hearts out...told a few lame jokes (really, bands should mostly just play their music and sing...they always seem to lose their way when they get into too much "chit-chat" with crowd).But the music was good, so that was nice!And we had a very nice and leisurely lunch before we had to get back on the bikes to make our way back home, to lie in the sun by the pool and nap away our marti and food excesses.3-Thirty-3 stays in the rotation as a great place to spend a leisurely Saturday or Sunday...listening to live music...eating and drinking way too much and watching Connie try to get laid.Good times!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,10/11/2011,1679,253,40,34,35>Armed with an appetite for coffee and something sweet to titillate our palates we journey to Portola Coffee Lab.The Portola Coffee Lab is located inside The OC Mart Mix alongside other boutiques and vendors.  Bearing the Slayer Espresso Machine, the Coffee Lab is equipped to annihilate the competitors.  A force to be reckoned with.  The lattes are refined and lustrous, bridled excellence finished off with artistic fancy.They also offer various cupcakes, brownies and cookies.  We opted for the macarons - green tea, coconut, vanilla and strawberry.  I HIGHLY suggest NOT to purchase their macarons.  We were riddled with dejection, disenchatment and crestfallen.  An epic fail.  A engineering faux paux of irretrievable proportions.  Upon closure into the closest viable orifice, the cookie crumbled into many insignificant pieces depicting a calamitous tragedy analagous to the Athenian variety - think Oedipus.  (Are you crying yet?)      = DMacaron - you do not Pass Go, nor do you collect $200 - Go straight to Jail.  Cheers!!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,10/10/2011,587,527,14,16,18>One thing about this cupxcake is that she loves candy! Even though i dont eat alot of it, its nice to have some once in a grand while. After our awesome dinner at The Filling Station, we decided to walk off our dinner and found ourselfs walking into this cute candy store. From the moment you walk in its like a timewarp (think sandlot). They have every hard to find candy that you can imagine and of couse today favorites as well. I was totally conflicted. I really wanted an abba zabba, but then i saw the gourmet lollipops, it was right then and there i knew that i wanted a grape lollipop! Prices are not bad, paid .99cents for it. They also have assorted loose candy starting at .19cents per piece.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,10/9/2011,597,153,21,18,16>I love this place !! So calm & quiet. No egos roam around here either (unlike Corepower). If there were, I'd hit a hoe !!!Tim is an amazing teacher !! I've been here twice & both times, I have practiced with Tim. His classes are challenging (my trapezoids screamed for help & my legs pained like shit) yet they inspire you to push & push even more. You're going to sweat balls & feel the pain yet feel good at the same time !! If you apply how you practice vinyasa bikram yoga into real life, you will most likely overcome many challenges thrown at you.I've practiced with Aileen many times back in the days at Corepower Yoga and she already knows I love her as a teacher & as a person !! Funny though, I have yet to take a class with her here at Ra Yoga.There are homely bathrooms / "locker rooms" to change in & they are exceptionally clean. The studio consists of 2 yoga rooms & 2 private yoga rooms which are pretty spacious & non-claustrophobic. The really cool thing bout Ra Yoga is that their wooden floors in the rooms are heated !! You won't find that anywhere else !! There are items they sell in the front desk lobby, ranging from rugs to mats.Classes are offered plentiful throughout the day so if you have a hectic schedule, Ra Yoga will accomodate the times & classes you want to attend. I really enjoy all Vinyasa-type classes offered here. It's more challenging !! I do wanna try Bik Ra though, which combines a bit of Bikram with Vinyasa. Bikram by itself is sooooo mundane. Like come on, my muscles need to be challenged but they're not going to be if I pose for more than 30 seconds.All the staff & teachers are nice & personable here so don't be intimidated to come in & try a week for free !! You'll be a yoga addict !!!Membership is reasonably-priced !! Idk if I should be posting the rates on here but oh well...I'll post the student rates !!Auto-pay membership: $85 / month10-Class Package: $100Drop-In Class: $12Tip: When you take Tim's classes, focus on you & yoga and not him. His good looks will distract you & make you off-balance !! =P ... I don't think I'm getting hot due to the heat...I think it's Tim's good looks.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,10/8/2011,623,606,17,14,17>Ugh, allow me to be completely and recklessly self-indulgent. I feel like reviewing Club 33 might be the most humble-brag worthy thing I've ever done, strike that. It's not humble-braggy, it is simply bragging.  No humiltiy whatsoever, except that I am indebted to Peter B. who extended an invitation for me to join him at Club 33 (with Jerome W., Ryan M. (Jerome's hubby), Liz O. and our SOs).We had Sunday brunch at Club 33 and our reservation was at 2PM (a bit late).  We arrived at Guest Relations at 1PM and got our park hopper tickets (6 out of 7 of us had annual passes and the most Asian in our group [ironically, also one of the Caucasians in our group] insisted that we sell our Park Hopper tickets to help offset the cost our meal.  Well, the rest of us Asians are spineless, don't like challenging authority and hate confrontation so we didn't do it.  But, I guess it's been done before and it works...We walked through the park, grabbed a Fast Pass for Indiana Jones, and made it to the Club 33 door.  Rang the doorbell and was buzzed in.  Some people followed us in and even though they had reservations they were a bit early and were scolded by the cast member who manages the door.  I guess you have to have a certain personality to regulate that Club 33 door.  However, she was extremely nice with us.  Our table wasn't ready yet so the Club 33 host prepared a Fast Pass for us to go on any ride w/o standing in line and when we came back our table would be ready.  The only caveat - NO STAR TOURS FAST PASS.  We opted for the Haunted Mansion because it is air conditioned.When our table was ready, the Club 33 virgins took the elevator up - not recommended if you are trying to squeeze four people in there.  I recommend it for 2 people, 3 people TOPS.  We walked through the entrance and past the harpsichord (that Elton John played when he was a guest at Club 33), past the seafood and cold meats & cheese buffet, and past the dessert buffet.  We were seated and immediately greeted by out server Terri (the HIGHLIGHT of our meal).  We all requested our complimentary glasses of champagne and as Terri checked our IDs, she also remembered our names and referred to us by name the whole time we were there; classic Disney touch.Ryan M. ordered his champagne with a splash of the pomegranate lemonade and we all followed suit.  We coined the drink the "Rymosa" (Ryan Mo- & mimosa).  Then we all indulged in some buffet time.  Earlier in the day, I was briefed at the gate that we would order a hot entree and be allowed to eat the buffet available and I quipped, "Oh, like Sizzler?" and Rymo quickly said, "Ha! Funny, BUT NOT LIKE SIZZLER" Well, the concept is the same but the food options astronomically different.Yes, unlimited lobster tail, shrimp cocktail, crab claws, cold cut meats, vegetables, chicken cream soup, water crackers & fancy cheeses, salads, etc. Terri also brought out melted butter for our seafood. I could have eaten my weight in seafood but I wanted to make room for the hot entree.  The majority of the table ordered the chateaubriand filet which would have come with the yukon pureed potatoes but mostly everyone substituted it with the truffle/garlic mac & cheese (I know, right?!) Except me. I love all things corn so I substituted my potatoes for the sweet corn polenta.  The steak was prepared absolutely perfectly and the sweet corn polenta might be my most favorite thing on earth. Heaven.In between the buffet and hot entrees, we stepped outside on the balcony to take pictures and to just thoroughly enjoy the scenery.  I've never been so emotionally moved by the Disneyland landscape as I was from the balcony of Club 33, overlooking the Rivers of America as the Columbia sailed by.  Someone in the group pondered, "I wonder what it's like to watch Fantasmic from this vantage point" and we all heartedly sighed at the thought.We were one of the last parties still milling around after eating but never felt pressured to leave.  AND boy did we overstay our welcome. The dinner staff had arrived and were prepping for dinner but the staff still made us feel welcome by entertaining our requests for pictures, being SOOOOO gracious when we asked for extra Club 33 chocolates (they even gave us a small, kids soft drink cup for the extra mint chocolates we were pocketing).  Everyone left with at least 2 Club 33 pens.  AND we even asked the hostess to help us with Club 33 merchandise.  We leisurely walked around all of Club 33 viewing each dining room and taking pictures in every nook & cranny.  Four of us got stuck in the elevator (we didn't learn our lesson about not having more than 3 people in that cramped elevator) and a cast member was helpful (and non-judgmental) about our predicament and helped us get on our way.The art, the history, the magic.  It's almost impossible to put into words (despite this lengthy review). So.self.indulgent. OMGYGIKR.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,3/27/2007,767,878,6,9,8>This place would have gotten five stars from me but they screwed up. Let's review, as I was wandering around the area of John Wayne Airport I finally found the place. Turning into the lot, their "valet" option was nowhere to be found. I soon found out the hard way that they insist with "valet" parking, even though Yuki said it was optional. Blah, one star down, I then realize the location is nice, the sound from all the airplanes doesn't bother the guests and people looking to have a good meal coming from a long business flight (or vacation one for that matter).Our host kindly seated us promptly to our tables. He then explained the setup of the serving of food. From the Salad Bar to the skewer of meat and fish dishes, all portions were served fresh. If you wanted to take a quick break your obliged to, and they will provide you a fresh clean plate when you come back. I was interested in what kind of drinks they had to offer. So I opted to try the "Brazillian Mojito" (I forgot its contents maybe someone can refresh my mind?). To be honest, my drink tasted like crap, and it didn't help having a slightly throbbing headache in between.The meats however were succulent and delicious straight to the point. The fillet mignon wrapped in bacon and their lamb meats were my favorite. One of the meat options were dry, I couldn't recall it in particular but keep your mouth to try them all to see what tastes best to you. For dessert I tried their Chocolate Mousse cake, for which Rachael and Christine decided to save my life from "eating the poisonous dish" =P.Overall ambiance was great, our conversations went from education, to guns, to metaphysics, to "truth", to sex, back to some really random shit haha. After our fun, we paid our bill and went to Fountain Valley for some Karaoke time!. For those that missed out, well my advice is try not to miss out because we Yelpers know how to have a good time. That right there is 5 stars in itself, Cheers to everyone who made it out!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2007,3/26/2007,95,143,5,7,6>Prior to this review, I've discussed the idealities of locality and its connection to satisfaction.  The character of any buisness can make  the most seedy of bars seem almost ethereal in nature.  Again, I express the same feeling for joe jost's.  It's undeniable.  If you've been raised in Long Beach, then you probably have some strange, yet astounding connection to this place; It's an establishment where many a citizen have experienced some "rite of passage" as they perused their city of origin as a young soul.  Joe's may serve only beer, sandwiches, and hard-boiled eggs (which are amazingly neon green in color), but it's all just fabulous.  I can't think of another place where I'd rather consume 32 gargantuan ounces of bitterly cold Pabst Blue Ribbon while discussing the trivialities of my employment.   When you're there, you know you're bound to enjoy the experience and even take something away...just not any of the hundreds of  "joe jost's t-shirts around the world"  pictures on the wall; those are for us all. Even if you aren't from the area, take a trip to Joe Josts and surround yourself with that all-encompassing neighborhood bar experience.  You may be drunk and full of egg, but you won't be sorry.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2007,3/25/2007,152,173,5,6,8>I really dont hate this place, but I see it in the same light as everyone else, why go when it costs the same to go to as hollywood?Although, the people who work there are awesome.  I dropped my cell phone trashed, and after I found my friend he goes "dude, i just got a txt from you - you sure you lost it?"me - "yes, i dont have it"Txt says "your friend lost their cell @ V20 in long beach.  Please tell them to pick it up in front - thanks!"Pretty damn cool!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,3/24/2007,67,56,2,5,4>If you like spicy, flavorful Asian food, you're going to adore this Tustin establishment. (Tustin? Huh.)  I'm no expert, but it doesn't take one to realize that most Malaysian restaurants in Southern California are actually serving Thai or just spicy Chinese. Not this place -- it's the real deal. Our group of 5.5 (with Baby == .5) ordered their Penang Family Dinner. They started us off with some Tom Yum Soup, sweet, shrimpy, and a little spicy. This was followed with the best Satay Chicken I've ever had, tender and succulent. The third appetizer was the  Roti Prata, which Raymond S. described it as a thin and crispy pastry you dip into curry, which is spot on; think thin soft nan. The curry is absolutely fantastic, far more flavorful than I expected, and I ended up using much of the remaining curry on the rice that came later. Mmmm.The entrees that came with dinner: Mongolian Beef, Belacan String Beans with a healthy hint of shrimp flavor, Hainan Seasoned Rice, sweet Mango Chicken, Pineapple Curry Prawns (colorfully presented in a pineapple half-shell) and some extremely tender Rendang Lamb. Some of the flavors were a bit strong for a couple of the people in the party, but I like my Asian spices strong, so it was perfect for the likes of me. To this, we also ordered some Char Kueh Teow, Malaysian style stir-fried rice noodles with veggies, mushrooms and egg.We finished off with dessert. I had some Ice Kacang, which the menu describes as "shaved ice with red bean, corn, jelly, syrup and condensed milk". Very good. Their Banana Crepe was pretty good, while the Mango Pudding was eye-openingly fantastic. I ate until I was two laps past overfull, and spent the next half-hour painfully trying to accomodate all the wonderful food I gluttonously rammed down my gapping maw. Service was terrific. Far too many Asian restaurants skimp on the personalized service, but the waitstaff there seemed to be actually happy to be there, and eager to make sure we had everything we needed. They have their menu online (tropika.com) along with their pricing, so you can hit the ground running when you get there. Highly, highly recommended.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2007,3/22/2007,27,53,4,4,7>A dinner at Koi was my reward for helping my wife sell her iBook on craigslist. No you can't have her. Anyhow, I read the reviews of Koi here before I went to dinner, so they had a rather difficult image to live up to. I must say they delivered, and full deserve these stars. First we got a tuna salad (forget the name). The cubes of tuna were vibrantly red and extremely lean, not a huge quantity, but with quality like this you don't need it. Next came the seafood in a mango special was unexpectedly good. It was some kind of whitefish, scallops, and mushrooms stir fried then baked in a mango with a light cream sauce. You wouldn't think from that description that it would be the absolute bomb appetizer, but there it is. The cooked dishes were what made the night special, but the sushi was excellent as well. One comment I would make is this is a place that has some unusual dishes, but few of the "wacky" rolls most sushi joints make their name on. For instance, there was very little eel and few large specialty maki. Still, what they do have they do extremely well, and have a white board full of the stocked fish. Service was fantastic, swift, prompt and friendly. Everything was brought out in perfect order. Right after we finished one dish, another was brought out. This is the way delicate, sensitive food such as japanese cuisine should be served, not languishing on a countertop for 10 minutes while a ridiculously huge plate is assembled.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,3/21/2007,99,102,1,6,5>My friends dad owns this place and I REALLY like the breakfast here.  It's only open till 2pm, but that's my usual weekend breakfast time anyways.  Perfect. As m m l. stated, the stuffed French toast is excellent and they have several options for toppings!  They have some really delicious sandwiches as well.  I think I had some kinda pesto chicken sandwich once.  Whatever it was, it was awesome.  I remember that much.  Good hangover morning/early afternoon spot.  Go on a nice day and sit outside.Yeah, the service can be kinda spotty.  My friend was one of the waitresses, and well, she don't really give a shit.  Don't worry, she doesn't work there anymore, and the food quality never suffers anyway.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2007,3/20/2007,236,416,1,6,4>The best place in Norwalk for good, cheap sandwiches!When you walk in, the decor is very bright (neon signs around) and very spacious. There are some tables and chairs on the side, but most of the space in the middle is devoted for lines, as I am assuming that it gets busy often.There's a ice cream (is it gelato? not sure) section and the sandwich section. The ice cream didn't look that appetizing so I skipped it.I got the Grilled Chicken Sandwich ($2.20) and Thai Iced Tea ($2.20?). The  sandwiches are ten inches and it fills you up well for such a good price. The Thai iced tea was refreshing too. The sandwich is like Asian fusion with the chicken tasting a little bit like sweet teriyaki. I thought it'd be white grilled chicken breast but it's not.  The sandwich had carrots and vegetables that normally go in kimbap. It's interesting, at the least. But I think I'll order something else next time...didn't really dig the chicken although everything else (the bread and veggies in it) was good.The plus....VERY cheap!!! and it's VERY clean there.Neat sandwich place.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2007,3/19/2007,133,190,9,9,4>Oh, Zara, Zara, Zara...How I LOVE thee.I can max out my card here. I can fill my bank statement  with transactions just from their sweaters and shirts. It's Spain's answer to the Nordic H&M, but I prefer Zara because their clothes actually fit. Medium is the smallest usually, but it FITS! Rarely do I find stores that carry my size within my budget. I just bought a jacket there and I love it to death (albeit, it's getting warmer, but there's always next year).My brother found a suit here (never bought it, tho). However, he complimented on how well it fit him and how good it looked. His only problem was the price (270$), but I told him, "That's a very, very good price." He's used to Old Navy, so I suppose 270$ is outrageous. (Not trying to offend anyone). And his response is, of course, that I am gay so I will spend that much just on jeans --- bless his straight heart. I don't know how to describe the fashion here, b/c you can get formal suits and shoes and shirts in European sizes, but there is an abundance of casuals, like interesting tees and hoodies. Think runway knock-offs. And it's a Spanish label, whose CEO is on the top 10 of Forbes list (just a trivia).Anyway, drop by the store. You will, without a doubt, walk out with a bag full of goodies that will not give you buyer's remorse in days to come after the headache of bliss and excitement over good-looking, good-priced fashion subsides!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2007,3/18/2007,0,0,2,6,6>6 Photos Posted.Yes, Mike. You knew I was going to give it a 3/5.Ok. So last night a bunch of Yelpers congregated at this Roscoe's and had a good ol' fashioned chicken 'n gravy 'n waffle time. Lots of laughs and some free candy dipped in Red Rooster sauce. We all had our fill of good home cooking and also celebrated a birthday with a free beer and a free slice of pumpkin pie.Sergio was a great server and very generous. I enjoyed having him as our table's primary waiter.I was surprised that Roscoe's had a fire place. That was nice but since our group was a bit large, we couldn't sit at the booths. The food was good, but not great. I ordered the dark meat since most reviews stated this place had dry chicken. The gravy was poured on top and my food came out hot and yummy.The waffle wasn't anything impressive. Just an over-sized Eggo. *shrug* Same deal at the Original Pancake House.The pervasive odour of urine that was mentioned in a few reviews wasn't present on this particular evening, and I can't say that I'm disappointed, though it may have taken away from a "true" Roscoe's experience.Good food. I enjoyed it, but probably won't be returning at any point in the near future. I'd honestly prefer the fried chicken from Mrs. Knott's restaurant.Thanks to everyone who came out and made it such a super time! I haven't laughed that much in a looooong time! You guys are the best!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2007,3/17/2007,123,431,,6,6>I was living in Long Beach when I celebrated my birthday in November and decided to try Lasher's, mainly because whenever I told people where I lived, they asked me, "Oh, have you been to Lasher's?"I was extremely happy with the choice! The entire night was wonderful from the moment we walked in the door. It's a California bungalow that was converted into a restaurant, so it's very cozy. After we were seated, Ray stopped by our table to say happy birthday and tell us about the new location that was set to open soon. We ordered a bottle of champagne to start and everything went uphill from there.The filet I ordered melted in my mouth, the mashed potatoes were perfect, and then, for dessert, we were brought a complimentary white chocolate bread pudding with two chocolate sauces. If there are two great tastes that go great together in this life, they are CHOCOLATE and BREAD PUDDING.All in all, a really wonderful experience. I am looking forward to trying the Lasher's in Burbank!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,6/18/2007,213,368,4,27,22>I moved from New Jersey to Newport Beach about 3 months ago and I've been to 3 different "high-end" salons where I was charged $35, $40, and $50 for a men's haircut.  I was not against paying the high price because I  expected an excellent job and a high-level of service for the money.  Well, all 3 of those salons were VERY nice inside, upscale, hip, and modern, however my haircut was PATHETIC.  On all 3 visits to the different stylists they listened to what I had to say, I explained in detail on what I wanted, and they went and did their own thing totally neglecting what I just explained in detail.  It seems like many stylists are limited by their years in the industry and limited training and now I realize the value in hiring a stylist/barber with EXPERIENCE and one whom has been involved in extensive training classes and courses.After reading the extensive reviews on Christopher's salon, "Splitends" I decided to schedule an appointment for myself.  In viewing the website splitends.com you can see the extensive training that  Christopher and his colleague, Gina have undergone.  They both have been in the industry for quite some time and they have been advancing their skills by learning new techniques so that they are always on the cutting-edge of the hair industry.  They know the most current styles and trends and that is important, especially in the wonderful geographical location we live in.I called Christopher at about 12pm yesterday to inquire about a haircut and explained I have limited availability today and only can make it at 4:30 or 5 and that I would be content with waiting till the end of the week if it's better for him.  His reply was  "come in at 4:30."  He worked his schedule to fit mine and I thought that was quite impressive.Upon arriving at the salon, I was greeted happily just as other yelpers mentioned.  Gina was bubbly and I was offered a beverage.  Since I gave up drinking I settled for the arrowhead water haha.  Christopher was wrapping up his appointment and I only had to wait about 5 minutes which was great since I did come 5 minutes early, so he was right on time.  I was prompted to enter the hair wash station which is very comfortable and form-fitting to your head/neck.  After being washed by Gina, Christopher began the consultation.  I explained the past negative experiences I have had out here in California and he listened attentively as I vented my  frustration.  I then explained what  I'm looking for and he told me "don't worry about it."  This scared me immediately because the last time I heard that the girl chopped up my hair.  Also the website shows quite a few artsy/abstract images of models and that look of skater/punk which scared me a lot since I am a suit and work in the corporate world.  After meeting with Christopher, I knew his style had no bearing on his expertise and skill, he is awesome.  He gave me an excellent contemporary yet professional haircut, with a modern flair and option to be a bit more wild with it on the weekends.  He was able to put a lot of texture in my hair even though it is short, it still has a lot of options to wear it various ways.I am very happy with my haircut and it looks how I wanted, even better.  One thing I liked was that he does not rush.  He takes his time to make it right and you get your money worth.  Most places are like a chop-shop, you get in and they want you out as quickly as possible so they can get the next person in the chair.  Christopher's approach is professional, relaxed, and focused.  He spends time to ensure the haircut is to your satisfaction and does a great job at it.  It was clear to me after the haircut that he has been doing this for a long time and I have absolute confidence that he is the best stylist in the Newport/Costa Mesa area.  I WILL be scheduling regular monthly haircuts with him.  A side note, if you want "product" in your hair HAHA they use some good brands.  I refer to it as wax or gel, but stylists simply say "Would you like product in your hair?"  I still find this vernacular quite amusing.  Anyhow, go check out the salon and you have my assurance that you will get a dynamite haircut that will make you feel great.  Thanks for the great job guys.A+UPDATE- Congratulations on the writeup in FORTUNE, America's most respected business magazine.By Jeffrey M. O'Brien, Fortune Senior EditorJuly, 10 2007..."Christopher H., the 34-year-old owner of Splitends, a hair salon in Orange County, Calif. Its chic decor is more architectural firm than beauty parlor. He has appeared on a reality show, in the L.A. Times, and on TV news segments. He's photogenic and has a quick wit. He serves beer to customers. So business, unsurprisingly, was decent as soon as he opened the place last December. Until March 6. That's when things got crazy..." read on for more at: money.cnn.com/magazines/…
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2007,6/17/2007,9,6,11,11,8>The first time I went to Ricardo's Hair Design was in October 2006. My mom treated me to a haircut and highlights.  I had not had any color done to my hair for about 10 years!  My mother is very particular when it comes to good hair people and she struck gold with this one.  I have since made Ricardo's the only place that I will go to get my hair cut and colored. Miesha is the stylist that my mom recommended.  I walked in that Saturday in October with my magazine picture of Jacklin Smith  hoping that I would get an overhaul so drastic that heads would turn everywhere I went.  I showed Miesha my handy dandy Jacklin picture and asked her to color and cut my hair like "the lady in the picture".   Mind you, I haven't ever met Miesha, nor have I had my hair touched by color in forever...I just let Miesha do her thing.  She highlighted my hair and after it was styled and dried, I felt like it was too light.  No problem!  Miesha toned it down and restyled it for me.  There was no chit chatting of "oh you will get used to it", or if you decide it is still too light a few days from now, come on back in"....none of that "hurry and get outta here" BS...She simply said," yea, lets tone this down.   You need to be comfortable with the new color".  Another good thing about Miesha I appreciate is that she does not overbook her schedule. She is on time and if she needs to squish someone in, she does not compromise your appointment!  This is a refreshing difference as most salons can get backed-up in the am, and fall an hour or sometimes more behind! The Salon has a little Beverly Hills feel.  There were all kinds of patrons...I even saw a guy who was kinda bald getting his hair cut (I guess????).  Some of the stylists look like they may have had a hard night with a Botox needle, but that makes it all the more trusting for me.. The men and woman who work there do care about looking good. I believe the prices are what you would usually see at a decent salon.  I paid $150 for a cut, color and highlights.  The good thing about Miesha is that she does my hair so that I can wait 3 or 4 months before i need to come back. Ok, Miesha is a trusty and talented stylist, but not a cosmetic surgeon.  I didn't walk out of Ricardos so overhauled that I was turning heads...but  dang it, my hair looked good!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/15/2007,146,94,5,6,4>Instant Gratification: The positive emotional response (happiness) to a fulfillment of desire without delay (Wiki).  My first "Open Sesame" trip ends when my two food buddies decide to indulge in succulent baklava right in front of me. There's absolutely no long-term benefits to consuming such evil sugar incarnate... but it's done to satisfy an immediate, possibly spontaneous desire to enjoy life's gift of concurrent joy and slow death.  Alas, my buddy's girlfriend (who, in a twist of irony, is a nutritionist) reminds me to watch my blood sugar as she happily splits the heavenly piece with her man. I didn't think anything could feel worse than the hellish experience of sitting through my Oriole's choke-job at Angel's stadium a few hours earlier.  That was until they ordered a second round of baklava.  I think my head started twitching mildly after this, the first sign of going postal.  Rewind a few hours earlier, having faced front and center to the nightmare whose name is Vlad, it was off to my first Long Beach dining excursion. My friends offered a few options, so I referred to you guys and yelp'ed the choices.  Being a very particular eater of Mediterranean cuisine, I was initially suspect of a joint called "Open Sesame." It sounds like a failed Food Network cooking show hosted by Gob from "Arrested Development."  But my homegirl gushes, "It's one of Cameron Diaz's favorite spots!" Ooooh... well if Cameron Diaz says so, color me there!  /sarcasm.Well, Long Beach impressed with this spot.  I knew it as soon as I tried the grape leaves and spicy hummus.  The leaves were tightly wrapped in rice, with a perfect amount of vinegar.  And while it's hard to screw up hummus, this place's carried a rich texture rarely found in many Lebanese establishments.  Moving on to the entrees, I was convinced by the combination plate.  The cubed beef kabob is perfectly grilled mid-rare; the kafta springs with flavor (this is very similar to the halal seekh kebab).  The chicken tawook seemed a little dry, but I struck a balance after stabbing the chunks in yogurt sauce.  Most places often skimp out on rice, but OS basmati'd nearly the entire plate.  The feta definitely added neatly to the salad.  Oh, and after scarfing half the spicy hummus appetizer myself, I gorged on another serving with my combo.  Aight LB'ers... mucho props with the reviews.  And if my buddies are reading this entry, I'm quickly learning a Wiccan curse that rots your teeth.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,6/13/2007,103,292,10,3,5>Where is the best place at 1am to find truckers, senior citizens, insomniacs, and teenagers celebrating after prom in the OC? Norm's, of course. Seriously, who freaking cares WHAT you eat if you're here at that point in the evening. I love this place because it's open 24/7 and it's not Denny's. I can't tell you how many times I've acquired food poisoning from Denny's...but that's another Yelp. So anyways, this place used to be my "late night" hangout in high school. Many a crazy dates and discussions were had here. Some of my fondest teenage memories were here...and yes, that's how boring Orange County is. This was one of the few places you could hang out at and not kicked out of in Orange in the 1990s, besides Denny's on Tustin and the two bowling alleys that have been bought up by Ford (Ford, you suck). And for putting up with years of crazy, loud people round the clock, Norm's get a 5 star rating from me.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2007,6/12/2007,13,43,2,4,4>My neighborhood just keeps getting better with the addition of this little gem!In need of a quick fancy gourmet entree? No less than a couple dozen choices here from parmesan crusted organic chicken breasts, and raspberry salmon fillets, to some fancy meatloaf and rosemary potatoes.I'm a "lunchmeat nazi" and havent bought store brand in years. This place serves "Boar's Head" premium meats. My personal favorite is the peppered turkey breast, but the pastrami is yummy too.Deli style salads, fancy spreads(try the roasted red pepper hummus!) and an olive bar. I buy lots of sauces and marinades here, too.The only complaint: Not enough of a selection of breads and produce, just the bare minimum. But overall a great addition to the Broadway Corridor!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2006,6/10/2007,90,250,5,7,5>I have a new favorite hummos! Go Gypsy's!Atmosphere: A small little joint tucked away from the rest of the world. Gypsy's had decent decor, the music was at a quiet but pleasant level, and the temperature was just about right inside and outside. For those of us that fear the cold: there are heat lamps for your pleasure outside on the patio. The patio was quite nice: a little dark, but not so much you couldn't see your food. There was a nice view of the backs of buildings: one of which was nice, the other not so much. I heard several cars parking, and headlights flashed through the fence at one point: not generally a big deal, but that's why I get away from home. There was a cool little fountain that gave nice sound atmosphere to the place.Food: As previously proclaimed, I loved the hummos: I'll mention it again: damn good hummos. I got the sampler plate and enjoyed everything: Eggplant, yogurt and... uh... that leaf wrapped dish: I think it had feta and olives among other things. The beef koobideh was just OK though, a little crunchy for my taste (a little too much onion?). For those of you unfamiliar with this dish, I do recommend trying it at Open Sesame or Sunnin first. My only regret was not getting to try any of the desserts (they weren't offered, and I was full anyway).Help: Everyone was very pleasant and helpful! As I was navigating through the door, at least three employees said hi to me. The waitress was very friendly, and very prompt.Pricing/Payment: it was a little pricey (about $9/appetiser, $11/plate, $1.50/drink): I spent $26 with tip. They took my card without complaint, so it would seem Gypsy's accepts cash or visa.Intangibles: I generally got a good feeling about this place: I was happy to have it pointed out to me. I would recommend coming here! And by the way, if you have extra hummos call me up and we'll meet in Bixby Park under the cover of night, where we'll make the exchange.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,6/9/2007,0,0,5,8,6>It seems pointless to write another glowing review of La Parolaccia but I just can't help myself.  Because 1.  I love food2.  My favorite food is Italian food3.  This is the best Italian restaurant I have ever been toIt's true that the service is sometimes slow (they can get exceptionally busy) but they're so friendly I just don't care.  It's so cute how they all come over and say "It's nice to see you again!"  The cynic in me says that they just say that to everyone and don't actually recognize all their regulars, but it makes me happy just the same.Their gnocchi is so good that it has actually ruined all other gnocchi for me.  Really, I can't even order it at other restaurants because it's so crappy compared to La Parolaccia's gnocchi.  And they have this appetizer (I think it's called Carciofini Dorati) that's so delicious that I'll randomly get serious cravings for it and start dreaming of going to La Parolaccia.Also, the value is exceptional.  We usually spend about $40 there for dinner for two, which seems really cheap for how fantastic the food is.  Really, I can't say enough good things about this place.  Every thing I've gotten here has been great.  Even on the off-nights, it's still delicious.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2007,6/8/2007,303,267,4,7,7>I have been asking around about this place for a long time. I think knowing exactly what I was getting into, helped a lot. I was expecting a boring sandwich, made by the bartender, on a piece of wax paper....Thats what I got.  The simplicity is what gives it so much charm.Not recommended if you want a filling meal. But the wooden booths are cool, and this place is pretty much a historic landmark of Long Beach.I will leave you with this thought.2 schooners of PBR2 Salami Sandwichestotal spent - 12 dollars.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,6/7/2007,76,6,15,13,9>The French can do a few things right. 1.) Have a sucky army and 2.) Make excellent baguettes. Vietnam knew this and capitalized on it. Beat the sucky French army and gain access to their stockade of baguettes.Vietnamese sandwiches, also known as banh mi, are god's gift to mankind. Why? 4 things:1.) CHEAP2.) YUMMY3.) FILLING4.) CHEAPLocation: Top Baguette is located on Bolsa ave. If you are heading east on Bolsa ave., make a right into the 2nd plaza after Magnolia St.(just after the bus stop or just turn into the 2nd driveway) and it will be the small shop on the corner. It is near Hanoi restaurant (also an excellent place to eat). There is construction going on in the plaza so parking can be extremely annoying (as if it wasn't already). There are some extra parking spaces in the back also.Food: Best Vietnamese sandwiches I have had so far. Lee's isn't bad, but I wouldn't even compare it to Top Baguette. After trying Top Baguette, I have never stepped foot in Lee's sandwiches since. The Banh Mi Ga (chicken) is really good. I recommend ordering an egg to be put in there. Ga Roti (rotisserie chicken) is also very tasty, again, I like an egg in there. The other meat sandwiches are also very yummy. The bread is very nice and perfectly cooked. It is baked fresh, daily. Not only does the bread look appealing but it also tastes amazing. I can't say much about the smoothies, since I haven't tried them, but from what the other review mentioned it seems to be pretty good. I wouldn't get the egg rolls that are under the heat lamp. Their Pate Chaude isn't that great either. Atmosphere: It's a Vietnamese sandwich shop. You basically go in, do your thing, and leave with some sandwiches ready to eat at your disposal. Currently, there are only a couple tables (1 inside and 1 outside). These are tiny tables too. It looks as if they might be expanding their shop to provide more tables.Service: There is a guy with glasses, who is quite nice. I think he's the owner. He's always talking on his hands-free set. The people who do the cooking and preparing are Vietnamese ladies ranging from 50-65 years of age. They're all really nice ladies even though they may not welcome you with smiles. They're also very accommodating to whatever specifications you make to your order. It helps to speak Vietnamese, but ordering in English is no trouble at all. Price: Usual Banh Mi prices ranging from 2-3 dollars. Cash only, I believe. Overall, I am shocked that this place has only 1 review prior to mine. People in need of Banh Mi, look no further than Top Baguette. Come down and try a sandwich, I guarantee you will not regret it. -Paul
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,6/6/2007,95,143,13,3,8>Remember that scene in Short Circuit where number five was being attacked by all the other number robots in the woods?  He totally went all ninja style and schooled them one at a time.  Then, you were all:  "hell yeah, number five!  I'm totally excited that you not only rocked those bad robots that were not alive, but you did so using other pop culture references and lazer traps!"  After that scene, and the one where he says "wouldn't you like to be a pepper too?",  number five was officially the most awesome thing ever (even though he couldn't really BE with stephanie...just get input).Bukhara is like number five...except with indian food and marginal service.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/10/2012,733,1325,19,27,27>We had our 'U' alphabet dinner at Uoko this past Monday and I have to say that their service is top-notch.  We met at 7pm for dinner and had a table for 9 people.  Then we ordered.  I had the tonkotsu ramen ($7.95), a small dinner salad (1.50), and a Sprite ($2).  The food was good, but the edamame was dry and unsalted.  My ramen was a little bland so I put in a little soy sauce.  The pork was super tender but I wished that I had more of it.  The dinner salad had a nice ginger sesame dressing on top of it.  For the most part, the dinner was more about the conversation than the food itself.  We learned a lot of things about each other that night over a few shots of sake and beer here or there.  The prices are standard for a sushi place.  They have a tank where they fish out the sweet shrimp when you order it!  That's super fresh.  From the noises that Drew made, I'm sure he was delighted with the shrimp.  The only bad thing is that we should have ordered separate checks because they consolidated everything on one bill and didn't itemize it.  Makes it harder to split at the end.  Thanks Uoko for a splendid time.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,10/9/2012,438,492,11,19,15>This is some hardcore Korean food.  I'm Korean and I don't understand half the items on the menu.  This isn't the typical Korean BBQ or tofu soup place.  They serve those too but they have tons of other stuff that I've never tried even when I was living in Korea.  It doesn't seem like this place specializes in any one dish, but everything I tried so far has been pretty solid.  Black goat stew - This is what I call an energy elixir.  This stuff will really pep you up.  It's a very healthy dish if you can get past the bitterness of shiso leaves in the broth. I never liked shiso leaves but you kind of need it in this dish to take out some of the gamey flavor of the goat.  They give you dipping sauce for the goat meat which was fantastic.  The soup has a nice spicy flavor.  When you're almost done with the stew, you can request for them to make fried rice with the remaining ingredients.  Pan fried squid - Even though I don't like the texture of squid, I liked the sauce and vegetables on this dish.  They also have a similar dish made with octopus but they were out.Angler fish stew - This was the first time I tried this dish.  This was my least favorite but my parents and my aunt really liked it.  Maybe it's an acquired taste.Kong gook soo (not on the menu) - This is a cold noodle soup made with some combination of soy milk and black sesame.  It is served with a slice of tomato and shredded cucumber.  The soup/broth is really grainy and filling.  I didn't appreciate this dish when I was a kid but I really enjoy it now.  It's quite refreshing on a hot summer day.  They give you salt on the side so you can add to the soup.  Adding little bit of salt does bring out the flavor more.  I'm not sure if this will be a regular dish or something they are serving just for the summer.  I also tried some of the more common Korean dishes like bulgogi, dak bulgogi (chicken bulgogi), and kimchi chigae (spicy kimchi soup).  They were all really good.  I'm actually addicted to their kimchi chigae. All their banchan (side dishes) are excellent as well.  I really like their kimchi.  I think it has little bit of oyster in it.  Service has been excellent.  I came here three times so far with my parents and always received top notch service.  Actually the service has gotten better each time, probably because we came here three times in one week.  I've only seen two people working here.  They're probably owners or family member.Price is very reasonable.and we always end up taking bunch of stuff home.  Their lunch specials range from $6-$10 and is available Monday through Sunday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. The menu says from Monday through Friday but they recently changed it. Dinner menu is pretty reasonable too. Definitely check out their combo deals.  You can get Yipsejoo soju for only $3.99 right now.  That's a killer deal because that's the same price I saw at Zion Market, which is right around the area. I recommend coming here with someone that can read/speak Korean.  They have lot of items that are not on their regular menu posted on the wall, and they are all written in Korean.I have to thank Jayne L. for getting me and my parents hooked on this place.  My parents come here at least twice a week.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/8/2012,1095,3855,14,20,17>Came her for brunch and it was a buffet! I really dislike buffets because I never think they are bang for your buck, but was I shocked at this particular one. For about $25 you get 100 items to choose from! Amazing! There is smoked salmon (always a fave), cold cuts platter, ceviche, oysters in the cold area. There are cheeses as well. There is a station where you can have pasta cooked to order as well.When you move into the hot food area, there is an array of meats, waffles, pancakes -- too many to name -- but I was really blown away by the Eggs Benedict because the eggs were perfectly cooked! The fact that the tray disappears within a few minutes attests to the fact that they are just delicious.With your brunch you can have a choice of two beers or mimosa and then coffee and tea after. On top of the buffet, you can order these skillets from the kitchen like huevos rancheros or chorizo and eggs. There is also beignets for a buck extra. If you're looking for a great brunch without having to pay an arm and a leg for, this is THE place to go to! Make sure you go early!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/7/2012,338,875,22,22,24>I attribute my mostly carbs-and-meat diet to growing up with a lot of Italian food. For some reason, though, the older I get, there are fewer and fewer Italian dishes that can really get me excited anymore. But based on the demographic that you'll see at your local Olive Garden around, say, 4:00, I fully expect that to change.I'm hoping that when I join the senior citizens club I have the means to dine here, rather than Olive Garden, at 4:00. Spaghettini is a classy Italian place so close to the 405 that you'll practically crash into it if you take the northbound Seal Beach Blvd off-ramp too fast.  Parking can be a little awkward in that lot, and I believe a valet kicks in around 8:30 for $3.00.I made OpenTable reservations (1,000 points for the time I selected!!), and our party of 3 was seated promptly. Our service was excellent, and our server was friendly and unobtrusive and seemed well-versed in wine to boot. There is a $15 corkage fee here, which is about standard.I ordered the butternut squash ravioli, which is one of the few entrees on my "Gets Me Excited About Italian" list. This came as a dish of 5 large raviolis drizzled in a light sage butter sauce, and they felt like they had been lightly browned before being plated (no ravioli-in-soup-sauce here!). The dish tasted as yummy as it looked, and the butternut squash was sweet enough that it contrasted nicely with the shaved Parmesan I opted for on top of the ravioli.The rest of the group enjoyed their dishes as well - including an order of brussels sprouts, grilled vegetables, and one special request for fettuccine alfredo - which isn't one of their regular menu items.I can see myself coming here on a night to enjoy the live music, even though smooth jazz isn't quite my speed (again, when I'm part of the Olive Garden crowd, maybe it will be). This is the perfect place to take a date, take your parents, catch up with an old friend, or bring a group in for a celebration!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/6/2012,475,391,25,25,28>So we've got handsome knights on horseback, knights who try to layeth down the smacketh on one another with all sorts of medieval weapons, cute little squires following them around, incredible displays of horsemanship and falconry, serving wenches (and wencho's... gotta be PC here (yes, i know that's not a real word.)), good food you get to eat with your hands, a pretty cool looking castle, a torture chamber, the chance to oogle at the gorgeous horses, and hokey but awesome gift shop.  What's not to love?  The Atmosphere:  Utterly fun.  You are transported back to the days of jousting and chivalry.  You are surrounded but the sights and sounds of medieval Europe.  The show itself is engrossing, flowing along like having a wonderful storybook read to you as you dine.  The heraldry of the riders, coupled with the lighting special effects make for an awesome show.  The Knights - yelp.com/biz_photos/hpg0…With Squires - yelp.com/biz_photos/hpg0…Jousting - yelp.com/biz_photos/hpg0…The Service:Quick and efficient, our serving wench was quick to bring carafes of vegetable soup and large trays of chicken, ribs and potatoes.  I must believe that all the servers who work here have really great arms.  Forget the joust, they can give you tickets to their gun-shows.  The Food:Good!  A bowl of tomato bisque soup, a slice of focaccia bread, half a roast chicken, BBQ spare-rib, chunk of tasty potato, apple strudel, and of course a beverage.  I've been visiting Medieval Times since I was a teenager and I must say that this last time the food quality was pretty good.  The rib was really gristly, but I can forgive that.  The chicken (aka Baby Dragon): yelp.com/biz_photos/hpg0…I do have to add that I came for a special event and the Knights and Royals did a fantastic job changing up their story for our custom show.  Two of the knights really... REALLY got into character, with one of them even sporting a pair of fangs, while the other got every single detail of a character right down to his hair and facial scars.  I was very impressed!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/5/2012,154,356,14,19,17>Like many other reviewers, I am confirmed, dyed in the wool meat eater.  I eat meat at almost every meal.  I also snack on meat.  If someone tells me we are going for vegetarian or, God forbid, vegan food, I am immediately turned off.  However, after reading reviews from some of my Yelp friends, I bookmarked the Veggie Grill just in case I needed a vegan option some day.Well, some day was last week end.  My wife's brother and his family were in town.  They keep Kosher and it is difficult to find decent restaurants in Long Beach that have food they can eat.  I suggested Veggie Grill based on Yelp reviews.  My wife was skeptical because she thought maybe this is one of those places that has mediocre food but all the vegans rave about it because they don't know any better.  I assured her that if Chris D. gave it a good review, it is good.We had a party of nine for lunch including three kids ages 3 to 5.  The restaurant is a bit cramped, but we were able to get a space where we could squeeze four small tables together.  The staff helped us get this accomplished.  Ordering is walk up and then food is served at your table.  We ordered a ton of food.  We got buffalo wings, kale salad, Chinese chicken salad, chicken sandwich, burger, kids chicken fingers, chef salad, mac & cheese, sweet potato fries, and drinks.  Everyone ate their fill and the total bill was just over $100.  The size and quality of the food make this an excellent value.The buffalo wings were awesome even if a little bit salty.  The kale salad was incredible.  I could eat that salad daily for a while without getting tired of it.  I tried my son's chicken fingers.  They had decent crunch and good flavor.  The sweet potato fries were very good.  The mac & cheese was the only downer.  It tasted like fake cheese and the mac was kind of a strange texture.  Despite that, the kids did eat some of it.  The kids also enjoyed their pudding.Feedback from the rest of our party was also very positive.  My father-in-law asked why a vegetarian restaurant had chicken on the Chinese chicken salad.  I guess that means he could not tell the difference.  Brother-in-law said his burger was excellent - one of the best he had ever had.  The kids loved the fries.Drinks were also well received.  Veggie grill does not serve sodas.  They have three types of iced tea and strawberry and regular lemonade.  I drank the unsweetened iced tea.  It had a nice flavor.Staff was very courteous and came to check on us several times.  The operation was pretty efficient even though they got one of our kids meals out of the kitchen last.  That is generally a -1 stor for me, but I think the other aspects of the meal more than made up for that one little snag.I will definitely be back.  Veggie Grill may have become one of my favorite restaurants in this area.  I am also anxious to try their other branches to see if I can get just as good a meal closer to home.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/4/2012,193,232,30,42,33>Been to Mitsuwa a bunch, 1st visit to Marukai - I'm a fan of both!Review is for the market only - never eaten at the food court (at either place).Had some friends over for a Japanese themed Teppan grill dinner (yes, I did the Volcano!!) I love dipping sauces - my wife is not a big fan of them - but she loves (as most people do) the Goma sauce @ Shabu Shabu Bar. We wanted to have some the way they do it there - with ground sesame seeds. To do that you need a small bowl with ridges on the inside called a Suribachi, and a grinding stick called a Surikogi. It's kind of like a mortar and pestle; here's a link with a description and pics if you are interested justhungry.com/suribachi…. We had looked for these at Mitsuwa and what we found was about $10 a bowl - and they only had a couple - we would have to order and wait for the set to come in. I called Mirukai and they said they had them in stock - I didn't really like the idea of a membership fee - but it's just a buck - and only if you make a purchase, so we decided to go check the place out. Parking is a lot easier than the CM Mitsuwa - that's a plus!The store layout inside is not quite as nice; stock piled higher on shelves, and smaller aisles. Makes it a seem a little more crowded than it actually is. Took me a little bit to figure out what's where - but after a few minutes of looking around - no problem!Found the Suribachi and Surikogi sets - 1.99 each (on sale from 2.49 ea.) - Score!  Sake cups - black ceramic, .99 cents ea. - got 12 of each item - significant savings!Picked up one of those cool Sake servers with the hole in the side to hold ice.Suddenly, I didn't mind the smaller aisles and the $1 fee!!They have everything that we normally get @ Mitsuwa - fish for sashimi was fresh, and nice cuts - we bought some blue fin tuna at about $48 a pound, salmon, yellowtail and yellowtail collar. For our dinner, I got some maguro and made an asian tuna tartare amuse bouche that came out really good. We also picked up some locally grown bean sprouts, italian squash, onions and oyster mushrooms.Marukai has all the sauces you would need, plenty of Japanese beer, and a nice sake selection. We got 4 bottles of flavored sake which turned out to be a big hit (the Fuji Apple and the Peach were favorites). Meat for sliced for shabu shabu, including Wagyu beef is available - didn't try any, I had already picked up some beautiful rib eye steaks @ Gem Meats.We found the service to be friendly and attentive - each item was carefully wrapped in  newspaper (even the sake) before placed in the bag. They were patient and accommodating at the checkout when I realized that I forgot the sake cups and had to run back to grab them (ok, I think the ladies and my wife were laughing at me a bit - but whatever - genuine laughter is way better than tolerant fake smiles, right?)Didn't buy the membership - due to the distance from us - we expect to make less than 10 visits a year, but we will be making return trips for sure!We need a Japanese Market like this in N. OC!!!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,10/3/2012,859,701,14,20,19>3.5 rating. Ooh, the gooey goodness of the Cinnamon roll with plenty of icing here is a worth a mention. Their lineup of baked goods (cookies, cupcakes, brownies and more) is very impressive. In a side section, they showcase cakes and cheesecakes that look tasty. Cakes can be custom ordered.In my most recent visit, I ordered the two eggs breakfast. The eggs were scrambled, I chose fruit over the option of hash browns and a carrot muffin instead of the toast or breakfast bread. There are a lot of choices for muffins with the two eggs breakfast, including carrot, chocolate chip, banana walnut, oat bran, apple spice, and blueberry from what I can remember. The muffin choices are not listed on the menu; the cashier had to recite the whole list to me when I ordered.In any case, the breakfast was good. I liked the scrambled eggs, to which I added salt and pepper as they were cooked unseasoned. I also liked the carrot muffin, which had shreds of carrots and pieces of apple in it. One of the coffees that I chose, a chocolate and cinnamon flavored blend, had a nice flavor but seemed a little weak in strength. Their vanilla nut coffee has more of a punch but still does not seem strong.I'm sure I'll return in the future. I think it could get loud in this space, but when I visited later in the morning, the noise level was average. I think it is a popular spot for breakfast. Another note, they have free wifi here.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/2/2012,461,582,14,11,13>Stonefire Grill had their A game on! My tennis league teammates and I had such a good team dinner here last year, we decided to come here again. We went on a Monday night, and it's convivial but not crazy busy. Navigation through the Target parking lot was even easy at 7 PM.  The Stonefire Grill employees were cheerful as we entered. "How ya doin?" a couple of them said. There were 10 of us, so the young employees moved a couple of tables together.  But what to eat?  We were like a tennis match, throwing ideas back and forth across the tables until we decided on family style Tri-tip, Baby back ribs, barbecue chicken, and lemon chicken.  We had bread sticks and , and salad with drinks.  Actually, there were 6 tennis players, and 4 guests.  Two of the guests were young guys - kids of one my teammates that some females found irresistible. They were hyper and interactive, clean cut, had big blue eyes, an endless smile and giggle.  They were twins, but though dressed alike, had different tastes. So one wanted Mac and Cheese, and the other Cheese Mini Pizza.  Verdict?  They liked it a lot and ate most of it while playing around with the team. And girls, their mom says they've got girlfriends, so forgetaboutit.  Check out their pictures. yelp.com/biz_photos/ston…   yelp.com/biz_photos/ston…Being with fellow athletes after a season of ups and downs was a blast. In 15 minutes, the food came out. One rule in tennis:  Be quiet during the match or you'll be thought of as semi-ghetto.  One similar rule during team dinners: Be quiet because your teammates will scarf down the food if you're talking.  We were hungry and everything was good. BBQ Tri tip was the favorite with the ribs a close second. Both were tender, juicy, and flavorful. The reason they're not five stars is that sometimes, these items are quite as good as they were that night. Taking up the rear was the lemon chicken, noticeably drier than the BBQ chicken which was my favorite.  I love the bread sticks, and broke my rule of only two bread sticks, as I had a third, eating like a tennis playing pig. Many bites and a few burps later, we were done.  Then three people decided we HAD to try the carrot cake, which really could serve three people.  Not to be outdone, someone else ordered the chocolate brownies.  Yummy at the time.  At the end, all we said was "I can't walk".  We waddled out of there like elephants, or at least I felt like that.  We need to play a whole season to lose the calories of the night.  It was a great time, though.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/1/2012,284,16,19,29,22>Good Pho!!My daughter had a doctor's appointment today around this area. After we finished her checkup with her doctor, we were both hungry. We both wanted 'Pho", so I yelped "Pho" place around. Four stars over 100 reviews. Yes, sounds great.Thank YELP again!! Their Pho #2 was great. (My daughter told me the best Pho she has every tried.)  It was only $5.25. Wow, how can they make profit???When I walked in, I saw the piles of plates with bean sprouts. I thought ?????---- their sprouts would be old and dry because I am in restaurant business and we never leave fresh stuff like that.I was wrong!! They are just preparing the crowds for lunch time. People just starting to come around noon.My pho came within 5 minutes and sprouts were so crispy and fresh.I don't know if they can give me extra broth for the next time because it was plenty noodle for my daughter and me, but not enough broth for me. I don't mind to pay extra at all for this tasty broth.Anyway, I was very happy today to try this place especially after trying Pho La Habra last Monday.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,5/22/2008,196,316,8,15,12>Ha, third! After reading about Daikokuya opening up at Marukai in a ramen blog, had to run out. I've been way too lazy to drive out to Daikokuya in LA so I'm stoked about the OC outpost.Love the wood-paneled facade, makes the rest of the food court look so dinky. We each got a bowl and some gyoza ($12). First thing we noticed was the heaps of negi or chopped green onion -- I swear there must be an entire bunch chopped into each bowl. I happen to like green onion but man, it's been almost an hour and I can still taste it.The broth wasn't piping hot the way I'd like, it cooled rather rapidly. And the broth didn't have a deep pork flavor to it. The noodles were nice and al dente. I loved the soft-boiled egg in there, it was a great addition to the soup, which had crunchy slivers of bamboo and bean sprouts, too. The chashu or pork slices was nice and thick, but not too thick. It was pleasantly fatty but slightly bland. The gyoza was actually really good. Came with three pieces, all slathered in more green onions -- super fresh and tasty. I'm hoping the next time I return, the broth will have more depth, more rich pork goodness, please. Otherwise, I'd still have to say that I love Santouka more. Yay, they take credit/debit cards. Hate when it's cash only like at Mitsuwa!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,5/21/2008,22,15,10,8,10>If you haven't had the carnitas here, then you haven't lived. It's as close to perfect as pork can get: crispy yet moist and great either rolled into impromptu tacos or eaten by itself. I'm not fond of the accompanying beans as I find them a bit too thin, but I do like the rice. And the heat that the pico de gallo adds doesn't hurt, either.I've never ordered anything else here--this restaurant was recommended to me by a professor of mine because of the carnitas. I tried it, fell in love, and have yet to stray. If you must experiment with the rest of the menu, then do so. But don't until you've had the carnitas.And grab a beer--what we Mexicans call "cerveza"--out of the cooler. It'll make your day better...although the carnitas will have already made it pretty freakin' good.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2008,5/19/2008,225,200,16,8,7>I do love me some Mutt Lynch's in the daytime.  Filling bar grub, 32 ounces of Smithwick's on draft, and a jukebox stuffed with Depeche Mode makes me a happy girl.But at night is when the show really begins!  Do you want to meet a tool who uses his hands as pretend guns ("bang, bang, baby!") while he tries to impress you with how well traveled he is?  Do guys who steal your friend's beer turn you on?  Do a vacant stare and a too-tight nipple-baring T-shirt get the blood flowing to your groin?Then go to Mutt Lynch's on a Saturday night.  Creeper McCreepersons as far as the eye can see...and if you're a female, or at least look like one in the right light after enough schooners, they will be all over you.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,5/18/2008,1018,364,9,17,13>If you are looking for a romantic venue to enjoy a meal with someone special then I highly recommend the Savannah Supper Club... Formerly Chat Noir, the minute you walk in, warmth washes over.I felt as if we were transported to the Moulin Rouge in Paris...sans the red windmill out front... I half expected to see can-can dancers in the dimly-lit bar... but was met with a delightful sound of a jazz duo, quietly playing in the corner. The bar is exquisitely decorated... red leather booths and comfortable chairs to lounge in... perfect lighting to enjoy a romantic evening or to share dinner with friends... I was especially impressed as our party for the evening consisted of 15 (my company spares no expense for celebration and so we enjoyed our holiday party here).The wait staff is amazing. Attentive, professional, and pleasant, without being overbearing.... It was very obvious they enjoy coming to work as much as we enjoyed our dining experience. The menu is sure to please foodies and picky folks alike, as it boasts an extensive selection of both American cuisine (steaks, fresh seafood, etc) and French favorites. I ordered the Filet Mignon, which was cooked to perfection and served along with delicious mashed potatoes and crisp asparagus (the asparagus was PERFECT), my date ordered the Flatiron steak, which he said was equally pleasing... one of our party ordered the Sea Bass, which I will absolutely try next time. It looked amazing. Save room for dessert, also. Our table sampled them all... my favorite was the trio of creme brulees.. it was divine. I would like to write more extensively about the food offerings but am having difficulty finding a current menu online... I highly recommend Savannah, though! Especially if you are looking for a special restaurant to take someone special in your life; you won't be disappointed.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,5/17/2008,548,730,7,6,5>Mmm, deep fried goodness.On yet another rec from my Garbage Grove pal Hana K, I took a trip down here with some of my buddies to sample Korean fried chicken and potato pizza.We got the potato pizza and mixed chicken combo. The combo came out with hot chicken (not face meltingly spicy like I love, but it had a good amount of heat on it), which was super excellent - probably the best thing I had here. The sweet chicken fared less well. It was sweet, and it was fried, but there was just something off about it. It was kind of...murky?I enjoyed the potato pizza more than I thought I would. I could have gone without the corn that was baked into the pizza (I hate corn, as a result of the time I entered a corn eating contest with myself. I lost). The crust was decent, the cheese was nice, and the potato actually served as a nice complement to the sauce and cheese. Good times.I also appreciated the 2L bottle of coke that came with the combo.I will add, however, that you should probably come here with the proper diplomatic immunity (ie a Korean person). Being only half Korean and unable to speak the language (aside from mean and nasty things), and accompanied by two of my other hapa friends, we were definitely given the cold shoulder, as has always been my experience with Korean restaurants.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2007,5/16/2008,166,110,,6,8>After reading about Zov's from Amy K's breakfast list, I had to try the breakfast here. I admit, I'm pretty impressed with Zov's Bistro. It's a nice, clean, cafe with really really good food. We had the frittata and Zov's breakfast, which both came with fruit and hashbrown cake. Our food tasted fresh and warm. The hashbrown cake was as good as what the other reviewers had said. It was crispy on the outside, and tender inside, with potato, parsley and mint. Although everything was good, the buttermilk pancakes were the best, hands down. The rich butter and warm syrup soaking into those fluffy pancakes, just melt in your mouth. So good! I could come here just for those buttermilk pancakes alone!The only reason Zov's Bistro lacks the 5th star is for the slow and uncoordinated service. They were pretty good until we recieved our food (which is pretty much the most important part). But they completely forgot about us after that point on. Our waters weren't refilled, and we waited forever for our check. When we were paying for our bill, a server brought us our supposed bill, even though we gave our card to a different server. I promised to try the desserts, so I took the chocolate banana tart and cheesecake with fresh raspberries to go. Wow! These sweets are expensive~ Two cost me $15. They were quite tasty, but I'm not sure I'd pay that much for sweets.Their desserts are likely a no, but their breakfast, especially the buttermilk pancakes, is something I'd come for again.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2008,5/15/2008,65,316,6,5,5>Remember in Happy Gilmore where he imagines his "happy place?" Then there's the beautiful girl with beer and the midget in chaps riding the tricycle waving?  This is that place for me.  It was also my neighborhood bar when I lived in Costa Mesa.  Despite its recent surge in popularity and younger, hipster-er crowd, it's still at the top of my list of OC dives.One of the doormen is in a wheelchair.  That's badass.  He and the other doorman are cool dudes.   In fact, eveyone who works here is super friendly and gets to know their regulars.  The bartender looks like an AYSO soccer coach I used to have, and I always want to call him "coach."  But instead I just order beer.  Mmmm, beer.They have SHUFFLEBOARD.  Enough said.  Once in a while you'll actually find people in here that are professional table shuffleboard players.  Or so it seems.  The jukebox is full of rock classics that will have you throwing your hands in the air while everyone else looks at you and laughs.  Until "Livin' on a Prayer" comes on and they do it too.  Rawk!Get a stiff drink and play a round of "Buck Hunter" or a game of darts.  Or if you're feeling intense, challenge a mullet to a game of pool.  They're always there, with their little pool cue carrying cases.  Ready to get crazy and take your money.  On St. Patrick's Day they pipe green Pabst from a keg through a cooler and dispense it for next to nothing into blue Solo cups.  A nice alternative to That Newport Irish Pub that people line up to get into.  Having a beer with my friends and throwing some shuffleboard at Patrick's is my Happy Place.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,5/14/2008,57,143,8,6,6>This is my first review on Yelp, so please, be gentile.Le Diplomate, or warmly referred to as "Le Dip" by the locals and regulars, is one of my favorite places to eat in Irvine.I'm actually at a loss for words when I think about the Chicken Broccoli Mushroom Sandwich (with lite garlic sauce) they have here. When I think about it, my mind just goes blank and the picture of sandwich is all that's left in my mind, like a screen saver on a computer that's been idle for a while. Then the salivation begins.I can't tell you exactly what makes this sandwich so good, so different, so the object of my digestion. And to tell the truth, I'm not even that big of a sandwich fan, but there's something that just "works" with this sandwich. Like with all good food, no matter if you find it at the street hawker stall in India or in a 3 star michelin restaurant, components of the dish such as temperature, texture, taste, and ambiance, when fused together correctly, create a product so... -right-, it becomes memorable. Or, maybe they just sprinkle their sandwiches with crack. I think that gets the same effect as well.This place can be considered a hole-in-the-wall, if you're using Irvine standards of hole-in-the-wall (and who doesn't love a good hole-in-the-wall?). It's located in the University Center, where the clientele is made up mostly of students, university staff, and the office drones in the surrounding area. I'd recommend going when it gets dark because the tables outside are surrounded by trees with lights that adds a nice touch. If you've never been and decide to make the pilgrimage to Le Diplomat, I'd recommend you not go during lunch time when the crowd is let loose to feed. I absolutely detest lines and waiting, and if there's any area I can criticize this place for, it would be the long lines and waits during lunch time. But, you know, a small price to pay for the moment of the first bite which is pretty similar to the moment Will Ferrell has his first sip of Beer in Old School: " When it hits your lips, it just tastes so good!" Except this is a sandwich, and when I take my first bite, for a spit second, the skies open up, angels start to sing, and I start hearing opera playing in the background.Wouldn't that be the best 6 dollars you've ever spent?
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,5/13/2008,213,425,17,16,14>We were so happy that we found this kennel. For $20, Simba Bear stayed in a comfy "room" (well, fenced in kennel thing) with his own crate liner, kong, fave gorilla, and water bowl (all from home). We liked that we could bring his own food and familiar items so Simba could be as comfortable as possible. Also, the location is so convenient (right outside Disneyland's entrance) that we could visit him frequently throughout the day.By the way, Disneyland allows dogs on the tram (to/from the park and the parking lot). I think we all enjoyed that.Now if we could only work on Simba getting into the park...and visiting Nemo... Afterall, isn't Disney the home of 101 Dalmations, All Dogs Go to Heaven, and The Lady and The Tramp?!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2008,5/12/2008,200,386,18,18,14>I have been rubbed the wrong way by Portfolio. A fifty cent charge for "no ice"? That's so ridiculous, that I am kind of confused as to how they could even justify their stance without a finding bunch of holes to the idea of charging more for something less. Man, I am so rubbed the wrong way. My knee-jerk reaction is to confront someone while I am peeved, but I will wait until I calm down.ICE, and how we Americans love ice, melts in drinks fast that are meant to be drank slowly like teas. I never ever could drink iced coffees or teas because they would turn watery at the bottom. It's gross.ICE, and lots of it, is a phenomenon only here. The few places in Europe that do serve ice, serve three cubes in the drink at most.The ICE acts as a buffer to giving away too much drink? If the extra few ounces of drink is what is worth fifty cents more, then give a few ounces less of the drink. It's ridiculous to charge 25% more for something that could easily be tossed away or spilled on the counter.Man, this is so ridiculous that I am ashamed at myself for ranting about an extra fitty cents but it's the principle of having a voice against something that I believe is utterly stupid. The casual yet edgy atmosphere of Portfolio's is a four star coffee shop with an aforementioned one star flaw.This lively coffeeshop is known for their long successful interaction with the local artist community. Portfolio's has a distinct vibe as being community-oriented; there is no plausible definition for "hipster" (as my friend said, people who describe hipsters are usually describing themselves) so I won't go there. Paintings by community college surrealists and neo-baroque townies line the wall. And their weekly Wednesday open mic night starts at 9 p.m. sharp. You must sign up when the clipboard's out at 9 p.m. or else the punk rock girl will deny you. They aren't pulling your leg when they say it's open mic either. Can I have that with no ice?
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,4/8/2013,442,290,18,24,22>I have been storing my wine at Legend Cellars for over 6 years and could not be more satisfied (well, a discount would make me even more satisfied). I used to store my wine at the Wine Cellar Club just down the street, but the owner was so insufferable and rude that I just did not feel that my business was welcome there.Most wine storage facilities are pretty much the same -- rows of lockers or walk-ins in a large temperature and humidity controlled warehouse. Wine must be kept around 55 degrees with 70 percent humidity to keep the corks from drying out and aging prematurely. So if you've been keeping that nice bottle your boss gave you in your kitchen cabinet -- or worse, on top of the refrigerator -- then chances are your precious wine is on its way to becoming a vinaigrette. But what makes Legends stand out from some of the other wine storage facilities are the people. Jennifer Miller is one of the most amazing, kind hearted, and bubbly persons you will ever meet. The service she provides to her customers is nothing short of outstanding. And after 6 years, I'm proud to call her a friend. I also suspect she is the reason that most of the customers at Legends continue to store their wine here.Legend Cellars has received quite a bit of press in recent months, most notably because the original owner was found guilty of stealing a large amount of high-end wine from two very large cellars. The news was quite a shock because I knew the owner and always found him extremely kind and generous. But I never felt my wine was at risk because, frankly, I'm small potatoes compared to those other collectors. Nonetheless, I'm disappointed and sad about the recent turn of events.But now that the original owner is out of the picture, Legends seems to have turned a corner. The new owner, Scott Osumi, has taken a hands-on approach to the management of the facility and always seems to be present (unlike the previous owner). He has even made several improvements in appearance and temperature control.Every other month or so, Legends hosts an open house for its customers and wine lovers in general. There is free food, wine, and music flowing throughout the chilly corridors, but what I love most about these events is socializing with my neighbors. People open up their cellars and, often, some of their best wines. And thanks to the generosity of my fellow wine enthusiasts, I have been fortunate enough to try some amazing wines, many of which I would never have been able to afford myself.But between the parties, there is a nice outdoor patio where people can hang out. There's a nice little community here too, and I occasionally see my fellow winos there. We'll grab a bottle, or three, pop the corks and socialize on the patio until Jennifer finally shoos us away at the end of the day.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/7/2013,461,582,14,22,19>Great place to get your coffee, study, or hang out with friends.  I love to support independent businesses, not chains.  I've been here a few times, mainly the open mic night on Wednesdays.  They also have special events, like Comedy Night, so locals can try their material on a crowd. One night we went there was a UC Irvine poetry reading which was surprisingly full ( Probably a way to impress collegiate nerdy cute girls)I like their medium sized latte which you can get with a variety of milk and coffee flavors.  But I like regular, unadulterated coffee.  The fun part is trying the different desserts but they'd be better if they were wrapped in plastic so they don't dry. When fresh, I like the tiramisu, coffee cake (served warm nuked in the microwave), cookies, cheesecake (last night they had white chocolate raspberry).  The workers are very cool and friendly, and sometimes there is a wait. I place my order, grab a seat in the patio, and they bring your order to you.  On Wednesday nights, there are 2 guys behind the counter, very friendly and helpful about trying to make a selection.  There are lots of teas, but the hot teas can be hotter than the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit edition. Since this is catty corner from Irvine Valley College, there are a lot of students studying.  There is a two hour max wi-fi, and worked great on my Samsung Galaxy pad. Of course, the students have Facebook open in one window, and calculus or other homework on another screen.  I like the 2 hour limit...it keeps campers from taking up the seats too long.  Of course, that's tough when there are stacks of board games by the rest rooms. There is a third employee who hosts the open mic and special events, like the Comedy Night.  One night we were there, there was a UC Irvine Poetry reading.  I didn't go inside, but I'm not much of a poetry fan unless it's satirical, e.g. like the old school Cheech and Chong's "Sister Mary Elephant."  There is no piano, so mostly guitarist/singers do their thing. Performers come in all ages,and levels of skill, but they musicians help each other out setting up the microphones and even loan each other guitars if one breaks a string .  One night, there was a very senior citizen doing a poetry reading, and her last poem was sexual in nature, It was like Dr. Ruth of Irvine was in the house. There is also a local comedian who got a gig at the Improv at the Spectrum.  His "PG set" includes his experiences in a dual race relationship with a girl from Kenya who moved to Bakersfield. "If Kenya is third world, then Bakersfield is fourth world".  As a coffee shop, I'd rate them four stars, but with their support of local musicians, I'd have to give them five stars. A few fellow yelpers have mentioned the inconsistent A/C at times.I love the location in a mini mall with Thai Spice, Pho Factory, Clay Oven, an Indian restaurant, Koko's cafe and other businesses.  At the time I go, there is not a problem but probably gets crazy at times.  This is generally a very safe area. So even at 10 PM it's not an issue taking a short walk to your car. Overall I'm a huge fan.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/6/2013,514,311,16,22,17>I'm a sucker for sweets and I can't believe it's taken me this long to try out Confetti since I heard about it's opening. Italian ice and custard? Can't go wrong with that. Located in a pretty large shopping center near Stater Bros on the corner of Adams and Baker, the small shop is absolutely adorable. I want to paint my walls blue and white stripes now. They have a few small tables along the walls, so you can enjoy your dessert there. Anyways, there's tons of different flavors for each type of Italian ice and custard. I really like that they offer you samples and that they give you a lottt of samples if you want to try out the different things they have. Behind the counter, there's a chalkboard covered in different combinations that you can get. I loved the strawberry margarita italian ice. The man working behind the counter combined it with the lemon custard and it was delicious! I was hooked, however, on the caramel apple sample he let me try though - it was the green apple italian ice mixed with vanilla custard and covered in caramel. I loveee caramel. #Foreverfat I really like how the man serving us was so eager to get us different samples. He was very happy and real nice about it. The prices are good - you get a lot for what you pay for. You get a stamp card as well! Definitely stop by in the area. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,4/5/2013,915,683,31,31,27>I remember when this place opened up 3(?) years ago to much fanfare, but the reviews were so varied that I figured I would let the place settle in. Then I guess it just fell off of my culinary radar. I'm a bit of a bitch like that if I see such inconsistent reviews.Flash forward to this past weekend and a friend sends me a text the night before: meet us at Eat Chow tomorrow morning 8:30? Sure! Show up to a 3/4 full resto full of families with not only small children, but a screeching toddler as well. Uh boy. No hangover, so luckily I was able to endure, but the acoustics here would be brutal w/o noisy children. BTW, it's a very small space. Very.In spite of those precious little bundles of joy we still had a great breakfast mostly due to our too cool server. This guy was engaging, informative, and humorous as well. Some of the best service I have had in OC in memory. We even chatted after our meal about our favorite Santa Ana loncheras and taquerias. I will look forward to returning as long as this kat is working.The food? Sure sounds good on paper. My selection, from the menu description;Breakfast Carnitas Tacos - 12. Scrambled Eggs, Braised Bajio Style Smoked Pork, Blueberry Basil Habañero Salsa, Avocado, Cojita Cheese, Mexican Crème, Flour Tortillas, Cup of Black Beans. As soon as I saw "Blueberry Basil Habañero Salsa" I was sold. Except I didn't detect any habanero heat and could barely detect any blueberry. The pork was very juicy, but like the rest of the the ingredients, no seasoning. When our server asked me how I liked my tacos I told him that they needed to at least season the eggs as they kind of brought everything else down with them. He agreed and said their clientele dictates that they serve their food on the mild side, and next time I visit he will have them ratchet up the seasoning and spices. In witnessing not only the young families, but also so many elders I can see this as being truthful. Frikken OC! One of my dining mates had Eric's Breakfast Enchiladas, which I sampled, and was also lacking any pizazz.Lots of potential, but it's just too bad they have to dumb everything down. Frikken OC................So three stars for the food and an extra one for the awesome service.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/4/2013,1968,2065,38,50,45>*****"Get Busy Living or Get Busy Dying!" (Red-Shawshank Redemption)*****Don't be a cow and stop following the herd. I first went to Imperial Health Spa in 6th grade and then Family Fitness, which turned into 24 Hour. I also was a member at Gold's and LA Fitness. These gyms are great for supplements to other sport programs, but over the years I used them as my primary means for exercise. These gyms just became a huge tank for everyone to come and hang out and working out became an obstacle. I realized I became the golden cow. I am completely out of shape physically and mentally.Enter Citizen. The coaches are professionals and, more importantly, they are good people. They will kick your ass and coach you into a new life style. Most of the coaches are excellent an even if you are in a group workout.  Most of the citizens who belong to this gym are mentors and coach you with positive feedback along the way as well. Another yelper mentioned "Ohana." That is the perfect word to describe the Citizen members.*The Temple-5 StarsSome refer to a "box." This facility is like a temple. Each time I enter, I am humbled and leave with a new sense of enlightenment. Yes, I get my ass kicked but I leave with new knowledge, a clean mind, heart and soul. It is a reconditioning of your mind and body. The facility is huge and one of the largest in the area. It is kept super clean and updated. *Other CrossfitsI checked about half a dozen other locations. I even had  a Groupon for another location and returned it. I am a fan of the programs in general, and several crossfits in the area are good. The coaches and members rock! I believe the coaching, members, facility, equipment, showers, free kids area, and number of classes a day are good.*Technology-5 StarsThere is  a program used that incorporates your workouts, physical conditions and eating habits. This information is analyzed and tracks your training and progress to your new self. *Pricing-5 StarsThe experience I am getting here is invaluable. All you need to do is come in with a clear mind and dedication..let Citizen do the rest.Citizen Crossfit in Anaheim (Close to the 91)...another reason the OC is the best place to live.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,4/3/2013,4561,468,52,61,58>How now, Inihaw?  (Grilled in Tagalog)You can tell if a place is good or not if there's lots of people dining there.The family decided to pay a visit to Salo-Salo Grill, someplace I haven't been before even though I live very close.  I used to visit the previous restaurant, Pinoy Express, before that closed down.  It was with great wonderment that I entered this Pilipino eatery.There was a wait, in which I had to write down my name & number in my party, but it didn't seem too long.  I passed the time by talking to others waiting in line.  It's funny, the characters you meet by chance.  Sure enough, we were seated & ready to go.  Salted peanuts were at our table as an appetizer.  Bonus points from me :)  We started w/ the "Pick Your Platter", which for us was pork belly, beef skewers, fillet of sole & grilled eggplant.  The pork belly was fatty goodness, the beef skewers were tender & juicy, the fillet of sole was fishy in the best possible sense & the eggplant was good topped with bagoong(fermented shrimp paste)-yelp.com/biz_photos/salo…To accompany our platter, we had kare-kare.  I'm partial to my mom's kare-kare, but this was good, too-yelp.com/biz_photos/salo…Lastly, my brother ordered adobo fried rice.  I thought it was very reminiscent of bagoong fried rice, which I love.  I only had a few bites though, because my brother wolfed down the rest.Seating - there is ample seating but the crowds can be bad.  I went on a Sunday during lunchtime & the place was packed.  I did see a section of the restaurant on the left closed off w/ a reserved sign on the tables, so you may want to see if you can make reservations for your party in advance.Food - Large portions, something that I definitely enjoy partaking of.  Because of that, the prices are a little higher than the typical "turo-turo" restaurants, but it's worth it when dining out w/ family for a special occasion or just because.Service - Service seemed good.  Our drinks were refilled & our attendant didn't take  long before taking our orders.All in all, Salo-Salo Grill, I will be back to try more of your fried & grilled delights.  A perfect combination, don't you think? :PHighly recommend!NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,4/2/2013,602,230,51,59,55>It is fitting that my 200th review goes out to Scraps as they have some lovely Asian Fusion Tapas!  A special gathering was put together by one of my favorite Yelpers at Scraps as a 10 course tasting for a PYE so the pictures do not depict the normal portions that are served here as this is just a tasting. Course 1: Sweet Granadilla yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  DANGER, DANGER, Will Robinson!  This house specialty drink is made with sweet passion fruit with basil seeds and soju!  This is only the beginning and if this is any indication what the rest of the night will be, we will be in fusion heaven! Course 2: Creamy Kabocha Soup yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  Kabocha is a Japanese winter squash, very much like a pumpkin. I grew with this squash and just LOVE it and was very pleased to see it served as a soup. It was topped with a little serving of short ribs and the combination of sweetness and saltiness was pure heaven in my book.  Brought back memories of Mom's cooking...  Has anyone thought of making kabocha ravioli?  Like butternut squash ravioli?  Couse 3: Albacore Tartare with shrimp chips yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  I proceeded to make a taco and spread the finely diced albacore with onions and it worked well!  The tartare on it's own was a tad oniony. TREAT ALERT! Taro chips with garlic dipping aioli yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM… which was not part of the 10-course menu were brought out and what a lovely surprise! As I am a closet chipaholic this was A-number one on my list!Course 4: Fried Pig Ears with red pepper aioli dipping sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  A most pleasant surprise as it was fantastic!  Forget any other sauce, as a spice girl the red pepper sauce is the ONLY way to go.  Only drawback, I thought it was a tad too greasy. Course 5: Octopus Ceviche yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM… I am in heaven! LOVE octopus and love ceviche a match made in heaven.  The Brazilian corn nuts gave it dimension and the lime marinade worked well with the wonton chips!Course 6: Bruschetta  yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  A little crostini topped with sweet shredded braised short ribs mixture was interesting. I am a salty person and thought this was too sweet for my liking.  Course 7: Ginger Wings & Waffles yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  A glazed chicken wing was served with a waffle with Kim Chee maple syrup.  Once again, not a sweet person, nor a waffle person.  The wing was delicious and the maple syrup with Kim Chee was a nice combination. Course 8: Roasted Brussels Sprouts.  yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM… I was eager to try this dish as I just LOVE brussel sprouts!  Do I smell and taste fish sauce?  OH my.  I am sorry that this did not work for me.  Don't get me wrong, I love fish sauce as well, but this was the least favorite of all the dishes. Course 9: Deviled Quail Eggs yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  These little quail eggs were truly a delight. Filled with salmon and topped with an apple chutney.  The fork puts these little delights in perspective as to their size in my picture and I want more!  Course 10: Panna Cotta yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…  A delightful finish to this lovely 10 course tasting! Made with vanilla bourbon and topped with kumquat marmalade. I just loved this and will be back! Kudos to the staff of Scraps!Very impressed how they were able to serve such a large crowd and the timing between the dishes were served at the appropriate pace.  Each course was described and all questions were answered.  Currently only open for dinner, perhaps opening for lunch at some point.  Ambiance - 5 StarsFood - 5 StarsService - 5 Stars and totally stellar! Women's facility - 5 Stars - clean and very nicely decorated - Timmy S. I hope you are proud of me! yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…yelp.com/biz_photos/kysM…
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/1/2013,333,199,25,41,26>Bad reviews of a place for bad reasons always amuse me.  So many people complain about  the "non-stadium seating," "walkway down the middle," and "seating layout and screens."  What people need to keep in mind while complaining about these aspects of the theater-going experience, is the price.  The tickets are $2 a piece. On certain days they are only $1.The last time the average movie ticket price was $2 was 1975 (natoonline.org/statistic…).  There was NO stadium seating in 1975.  There were NO giant screens in 1975.  The theater layout consisted of the walkway down the middle in 1975.People should maintain some perspective while blasting this place.  You're getting a modern movie at 1975 prices.  In many ways it's like having access to a wacky time machine.  No worry though.  The more people who don't go here means more $1 hotdogs and cheap snacks for me and my love, Brittany P.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,3/31/2013,1078,989,15,17,18>I finally made it here for my birthday dinner!RSVP FOR LARGE GROUPSSixteen of your closest and dearest only. No if, ands, or buts. 16 is the magic number because that is the amount of high chairs for the bar table they have. CORKAGENONE. NO CORKAGE FEE!!! Yipppieee!!!! The no corkage trend is really taking off and I'm loving it. My friends and I brought amazing bottles of wine, and it just made the dinner so much more enjoyable...and our wallets too.  The wine list is also very simple, but good. They also don't upcharge like crazy, so if you run out of your own wine, you can buy more at a very reasonable price. BRUSSELS SPROUTS, Baby Potatoes, Honey Mustard Vin 8 veganYumm. I really liked this dish and was a great pair to pretty much everything I ate. I love Brussels sprouts though. UNCLE LOU'S FRIED CHICKEN $20 Aggressive is the word. Very aggressive. The chicken was fried perfectly and so moist. It's a dish to share with tons of other dishes, and I loved it. I think this is a staple dish too. WAGYU HANGAR STEAK, Melted Leek Mash, Green Peppercorn Demi, Watercress Salad $22   I think this is also one of their staple dishes. I thought the steak was juicy and delicious. It's so simple really. I had it medium rare, more rare than medium. CHEESE PLATEI got like one piece, but it was an amazing piece. The people that ordered it at the end of the table devoured it. I heard it was amazing. SCALLOP CEVICHEI think this is a rotating dish, but it was very very good. The ceviche take on the scallop was refreshing and I ate most of my plate. BUTTERFISHNot a staple dish but the butterfish melted in my mouth. The flavors are simple, but not bland, and I thought it was a solid dish.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,3/30/2013,289,133,19,21,20>This restaurant definitely caters to older Koreans....  What the heck is that suppose to mean?  Let me tell you.  Bulgogi / Kalbi = Kid's menuChung guk jang (extra stinky miso stew) = Adult MenuSalted Broiled fish = Kid's menuSpicy stir fried monk fish = adult menuSmell like garlic, mouth numb from spices, and probably won't get lucky that night no matter how much you brush your teeth?  = Adult menu (j/k its not that bad)Da Rae BBQ restaurant (I don't know why they had to insert BBQ  in the name...) is a non-grill at your table Korean restaurant that focuses on the aboriginal Korean Fare.  The place is clean, well lit and tiny.Yes they have the usual Meat dishes, but where they shine is the non-Anglo popular fares like Potato and Pork neck bone spicy stew flavored with hot peppers, mountain herbs and wild sesame seeds which leaves your inside burn with satisfaction of Dante's inferno that only a proper Korean dish can deliver.  Pork spare ribs - Hot, meaty, spicy, sweet, GARLICY, Sticky, chewy, mmmmm good.  Stir fried octopus - SPICY, crisp vegetables, earthy, tender octopus, stir fried to perfection.I noticed that they had a great selection of assorted bi-bim-bop (if you don't know what this is....) and array of Bossam (boiled pork and rice set menu).  But what I am dying to try out is their Spicy stir fried monk fish!NOTE* - They do not have a liquor license (NO SOJU NO BEER)  (Bring my own??? - Maybe)Service -  Polite.  We kept on asking for more water and they thought we were wimps.Its nice to finally have a "Korean - Korean" restaurant in Yorba Linda / Fullerton Area.Happy eating - R
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2008,11/7/2008,481,580,3,6,8>Wow!  Big ups to OC Weekly for managing to tackle my foodie-article A.D.D. and settling me down enough to get myself over to King Lobster!  As far as Friday lunches go, my brother and I are pretty legendary when it comes to finding amazing food on these special days for us.  He told me about the old Spoons across from BevMo turning into this random Chinese restaurant...Let's be honest:  you're either a fan of American-style lobster or Asian-style lobster.  There is no way you're die-hard about both.  Although I was reluctant to try one of the lobster lunch special dishes, my bro did bring up an excellent point: "The place is called KING LOBSTER so you think we should try lobster?"  We asked the owner (operator?) which lobster special he recommended and without hesitation he told us that the most popular one was the House Special (hmm, isn't that the revelation of the century).  So in the meantime while waiting for our House Special Lobster lunch special (with choice of soup, fried or steamed rice, egg roll, vegetables, AND sio mai...  AWESOME for the $13.95 price tag!) we flagged down some of the dim sum carts...  DIM SUM on a WEEKDAY?!?!  YESSSSS!!!Har gow was absolutely stunning.  There is definitely something different in the shrimp filling here...  perhaps it's the lack of MSG, but whatever it is, it's FANTASTIC.  Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles with buttery sauce was quite good, as were the spareribs.  Impressive eggplant with fried shrimp ball, but the accompanying sauce doesn't need to be there -- just go with a little soy sauce (and even their soy sauce is light and really tasty).  There wasn't a dim sum dish that we ordered and DIDN'T like.The house special lobster dish showed up right on time and it was TO DIE FOR.  I know I say that all the time but this time I actually mean it.  Especially for the short wait, the right price, AND the huge portion, I'm awfully glad my brother and I just decided to split it and go for some dim sum!  You can definitely taste the hot-wok-oil-butter-garlic crust on the outside, and as OC Weekly wrote, yes, this IS the easiest lobster to eat in Orange County!The restaurant is clean and bright, there was no wait (Friday lunch?  come on, people, get out and eat something!), and everyone who served us -- from server to busperson to owner/operator -- was extremely kind to everyone.  No rudeness or unnecessary delays here.  Our only negative comment was that it was slightly "Westernized" -- and maybe, just maybe, just a little bit, we did miss that sprinkle of MSG when it really mattered -- but otherwise no complaints here.  No, it isn't Chinatown or MPK dim sum, and no, it isn't fancy shmancy Chinese.  But what it is:  GOOD!!! Everybody needs to go try King Lobster Palace!!!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,11/6/2008,416,1074,8,8,12>Whoooooooaaaaaaa.My eyes were open so wide the whole time I was in here I could barely blink.  The colors, the smells, the merchandise everywhere I looked, the soundtrack from the original "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" played loudly, and candy was in buckets, on shelves, in bins, coming out of old library card catalog drawers, in dispensers, in and on display cases, in boxes, on the floor...chocolate, gummy, fruity, old-fashioned (Moon Pies, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Nutty Bars), new-fashioned (proceeds help sea turtles, chocolate bars are chai- or green tea-flavored), organic, sour, in multi-packs, in novelty sizes, limited edition, European.  And THEN there was a large case of handmade chocolate truffles and other chocolate goodies.There was a small WALL (at least 5' in height) of different sorts of Pez dispensers for sale.A gelato case stood near the cash register, with mostly predictable flavors, but then ones like honey lavender, and lemon with poppy seeds, plus two sorbetto flavors.  Samples available.  In the same case, many kinds of energy drinks, like Hello Kitty, superheroes, oh god I don't remember.  A refrigerated case held the energy drinks as well as bottled sodas like Bubble Up, Black Lemonade, Leninade, Frostie, and various kinds of fun root beer off in the back.Toys and knickknacks were spread around the store amongst the candy.  Lunchboxes, wiffle bat/ball sets, slide whistles, rocketships, action figures.A Willy Wonka shrine stood proudly at the back of the store: a large flat screen TV showed the original movie, and surrounding it were pictures of the actors as adults, and signed pictures from them, and more than one of Gene Wilder.To be honest, I feel dizzy just writing this.  While I escaped without purchasing candy, my friend failed.  I want to go back and look and buy my weight in sugar...soon.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,11/5/2008,79,175,7,11,13>On a Sunday quest to find my friend her first guitar, this was the last stop. Her experience was low but her expectation was of the highest sort. She was looking for love. Not just any love, but true love. True love, the rarest love of all.Jaded after a long day of wading through unkempt salesboys and their shiny gum guitars, we didn't hold much hope for this dusty shop off Beach boulevard.  Walking in, crammed aisles of old motorcycle jackets and dinged up surfboards, jewels and pawn counters, and a neat row of vintage lawnmowers greeted us oddly.To the right, we saw the largest part of the store was filled with instruments of all variety, stacks of amps, and a few smaller rooms to the side, lit with a warm golden glow. A large burly man with tattoo sleeves and a sun bleached complexion brushed by. Hurrying quickly to the other side, we went into the room that housed the acoustics.Looking up, a dozen or two instruments gleamed down at us. Names were unfamiliar, strings detuned, and from the little dints and dust it was clear all these guitars had seen their share of days. I left my friend alone in the room for a spell. For this was her moment, and hers alone.With the very kind and honest help of the large burly man (who turned out to be the shop manager), my friend left the store that day with a beautiful '88 washburn, pearl inlays and a wonderful tone. True love, this surely was, and the beginning of a beautiful lifetime together.Come one come all! To Huntington Guitar Outlet! Where true love awaits!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,11/4/2008,150,540,1,7,8>I'd strongly consider giving it 6 stars if I could.  This was great Mexican food.  Again, now that I live in South OC, I'm trying to locate new places to call home on a regular basis for the major dining staples.  Mexican food is a top one.  Thankfully, there is Yelp and Yelp gave me LA Cocina De Ricardo, that and Anita's review/street cred.  Amazingly, while I have known of this place for 3 months, I did not finally try it until last weekend with my wife after a day of registering for baby products.  I was starving and we had a coupon for this place so we stopped by for a late lunch.  The chips and salsa were excellent.  My tolerance for spicy is low but luckily they ask if you want spicy or not for the salsa so we got the basic one.  It was very flavorful and fresh and our basket of chips vanished quite quickly.  Must have been the garden gnomes or something.  Oh yeah, I ordered a coke for lunch and was basically given a cup the size of a 2 liter bottle.  They don't screw around here.  My wife ordered the enchilada suizas which she really enjoyed.  They were pretty large so she easily had lunch the next day.  I decided to try as much as possible so I ordered 3 soft tacos, 1 carne asada, 1 pollo asada and 1 al pastor.  I'd rank them Al Pastor, Pollo then Carne.  There was no guac on the carne asada which was probably why I liked it the least.  The meat was also just so-so.  The chicken was tender and well seasoned and the al pastor was fantastic.  Far better than the ones I have had at Jalapenos.  I couldn't even touch the rice and beans after that and wished I had just ordered a basket of them (if it was on the menu).  I loved this place.  Great food and great service.  You wouldn't think really good Mexican food would be hard to find in CA but it can be so I am just glad we did.  THANKS YELP!!!!!!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,11/3/2008,250,138,6,7,6>I had been in a major dilemma with my life on whether I wanted bangs or not. I'm not talking about side-swept bangs either, but the blunt right-above-your-eyeballs straight bangs. So many women look good with those bangs, and I thought it could go either of two ways: look absolutely ridiculous or absolutely chic. This 50/50 chance of looking good usually would frighten me away, but I figured maybe it was time to MAN UP and grow some balls. Not literally though. 'Cause that'd make me a trannie.I researched some salons in my area, and came up with two options: Salon 25 or my mother's friend's place in Cerritos. I called a friend who had gone to the latter, and she explained that she had to wear a hat for two weeks after her cut. In complete horror, I scurried over to Salon 25.Salon 25 is really tiny. But tiny like a pixie fairy where you coo and you love them immediately. I was greeted quite warmly, and I felt very welcome. The receptionist of a salon is usually the bitch in town, but this one was so endearing. They serve water in tall glass cups with colorful frozen plastic cubes, which was cuuuute. I picked Chris to be my stylist because of all the fuss people made about him, and boy, is he a cutie. (Don't mind the repetitive mentioning of the word "cute!") He instantly made me feel comfortable, and asked me what  I wanted. Fearfully, I told him I wanted blunt bangs and some life to my hair (because it was trashed up with split ends and all that junk), and he got to work. What was special about this salon visit as compared to other places I've been to was that it was EDUCATIONAL at the same time. Yes, it's a great way for a Paul Mitchell-sponsored salon to brag about Paul Mitchell products and wave it around in your face, but I really learned how to handle my hair and was amazed to see my hair do things I never thought was possible. As I watched my hair fall away with great sadness, I started feeling really antsy about the unveiling of my big face with my new bangs. The overall experience was great, and Chris and I had awesome conversations about celebrities, kids, and marriage. It was fun, as all salon experiences should be. After all, you are spending an hour or more with this complete stranger and they'd better make it worthy if they're paid for it!I admit that right after the cut and a couple of weeks after, I regretted my decision to get those bangs because I felt they were cut too short. But I realized the reason of why they were shorter than I wanted, because NOW my bangs skim my eyes and they're puuuuuurdy. I am satisfied. I recommend this salon; it's the bomb. Ask for the cute blonde named Chris, but I'd say take a stab with the other ladies at the salon and ask for a random stylist, because they all look like ABSOLUTE professionals who know what the hell they're doing.Cost is LEGIT, it's not fancy-shmancy salon pricing.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,11/2/2008,77,302,6,12,10>This is by far the best meat I've had at a bbq- it literally melts in your mouth!So, for my gf's 26th bday, she wanted to try something different and tsuruhashi was one of the places I had bookmarked to try. Thanks to all the suggestions on yelp, I made reservations at 7 and surprisingly, it wasn't super crowded with long lines running out the door.  For the 4 of us, we ordered 2 orders of skirt steak ($7/order) and 1 order of kobe short ribs (the cheaper $9/order) - I think for $2 less, the skirt steak was quite delicious and did melt in my mouth, assorted kimchi ($5.50/order- YES we paid for kimchi) which came with radish, cucumber and regular kimchi- quite fresh and great complement to the skirt steak, kimchi fried rice ($10) which was good and came with chunks of meat and veggies but it did take about 30 minutes before it arrived so we ate it after our meat. And, the best part aside from the meat: the ICE CREAM is a must! For $1.50, you'll get a delicious scoop of ice cream- my favorite was the green tea (very matcha which i love) by far. The lychee, red bean and black sesame were also good but not as good as the green tea.  I do enjoy the ambience at gyu kaku better but the meat is really to die for here!FYI- thanks for the yellow sign tip! Tsuruhashi is located on brookhurst between ellis and garfield and look for the yellow signs :)
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,10/31/2008,548,730,9,9,9>BBQ Chicken's website boldly claims that it's "not barbeque - it's Best of the Best Quality Chicken".Now that there is a claim you'd better be able to back up. As other Yelpers mentioned, the really amazing thing about the original fried chicken here is that it's not greasy. In fact, even after eating several pieces, my buddy Kris M. and I were barely wiping our hands. And even after wiping my hands, a quick inspection of the napkin was revelatory: I could not, in fact, see through the napkin. That's fucking amazing, right there - after one or two pieces of KFC, my napkin is usually opaque. I can see not only through it, but into another dimension altogether. But like I said, my napkin was still solid even after the end of the meal.I don't like the coleslaw here, and though I'm a huge fan of Korean style radishes, I just wasn't in the mood for them. The chicken came out relatively quickly, though, which made me happy.We ordered the original and the BB wings. Both were good, but I'm going to have to give up to the BB wings for this round. There were a bit more flavorful. However, in both cases the chicken was moist and juicy, and hotter than hell (temperature wise, not spicy-wise. Did I just make that term up?) when you'd bite into them. I'm giving BBQ Chicken 5 stars because they deserve it. I was tempted to take a star off for the coleslaw, but fuck it. My napkin was solid. And yeah, it pretty much is best of the best quality.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2008,10/29/2008,164,87,8,10,12>After reading the reviews and redeeming my United mileage plus dining certificates (not really a determining factor to try Jaqu's but a definite plus to splurge), my bf and I decided to go check this place out. We've been meaning to for a while since we frequent Lazy Dog (right next door) often and always wanted to see what Jaqu's had to offer.We just got back from eating and all I can say is --- How can anyone complain about this chic, quaint, and savory restaurant?We were promptly greeted at the door and just as quickly sat at a booth. We were handed our dinner and wine menus and that's when I glanced to my right to see --GASP--- the infamous flat screen tv, which by they way, isn't obtrusive or oversized. Immediately after getting situated, our waiter came over to fill our water glasses and start us with a bread basket. Yummy, thin, crispy garlic flat bread and sliced French bread with an herb butter.We order from the menu (which had a good selection from lump crab cakes, grilled artichoke, salmon, duck, steak, baby back ribs, pork chop and pasta -- ya seriously, huh?) Don't get me wrong, this was a beautiful selection and I didn't once think they we're trying the "lets-be-everything-to-everyone-restaurant-and-­not-be-able-to-deliver-any-of-these-dishes-to-par.­"The food was hot and delicious. We started with the Onion Stack (thin fried battered onions -- the kind you can get on most burgers - $7). It was a volcano of onion crisps that were very well seasoned and a great start to an even better meal. Big portion and bettered shared.My entree was the Chicken Piccata (caper lemon mushroom sauce and a side of angel hair pasta - $15). My bf got the Duck Breast with mash potatoes and the season veggies ($23). Totally delish!After we finished our meal, we had just enough room for some dessert. I asked for the dessert menu and Brian (by the way, super nice and very attentive, 5 stars for him) brought out the real deal. Instead of a menu, he brought over 2 long serving plates with all 6 desserts they offer. Seriously, even if you were so stuff from your entrees, just this dessert presentation would make you crave something sweet to end the meal with!We decided on the S'mores ($7). This is something you have to try for yourself to appreciate. Its got the same traditional ingredients (graham crackers, chocolate and toasted marshmallows) but in a very different presentation. :) In conclusion: Great establishment, wonderful wait staff and delicious food. A bit pricy but worth it. To go boxes are 100% recycled paper and are leak proof (pleasantly surprised the onion stack grease didn't seep through!) Boxes were packed in a personalized reusable paper bag too - great marketing, definitely shows attention to detail. It might not mean anything to most, but to me, small details like that can't help but make me think they pay just as much attention to the quality and detail of the food they serve as well. I also grabbed matchboxes on the way out too.Suggestions to Jaqu's -- change "fine dining" to "upscale causal." Plus fine dining to me seems too stuffy and "do you have any grey poupon-ish." Oh and update the website. :)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,10/28/2008,206,233,9,13,12>Follow everyone's advice and avoid the valet. It's only $3 but you can walk from not too far away and get parking for free.You can easily make a reservation here online. You can request patio seating, but they don't guarantee it.The place is absolutely beautiful inside. The main dining area is probably too open for a romantic rendezvous, but dinner with friends works well there. So don't fret if you don't get the coveted patio seat. There's lots to look at inside too.The patio of course has a gorgeous view. It would be a great place for a birthday party or a shower of some sort. Between the four of us, we ordered a dirty martini, two glasses of white wine, a Firestone Pale Ale, an order of crunchy rolls in tempura (YUM!), a fabulous special trio they were offering that evening for just $28: swordfish in a mustard and peppercorn sauce, lobster tail and a crab cake with mango papaya salsa, also the shortribs entree, and the bouillabaisse. We also had a trio of desserts which were incredibly delicious - the pumpkin bread pudding was like warm Thanksgiving lovin.+ The list of wines by the bottle had some great choices on offer+ Our server was super enthusiastic and knowledgeable+ The crunchy roll, though non-traditional, was very, very good+ All entrees were well-portioned, leaving you satisfied but not overfull+ The entrees were reasonable considering the amount of seafood included+ The scallops were incredibly good - not at all like a hockey puck+ Those desserts....oh my!- Our chairs were sort of crunched in the corner of the main dining room- The bread was dissapointing- The wines by the glass were lacking in options - mostly chardonnayWe cleaned our plates, had great conversation, enjoyed our waiter and tipped well. We will definitely be back again.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,10/27/2008,639,638,15,9,7>warning : I know nothing about Indian food other then I like the idea of eating without forks. First off, big ups to whoever named this place "The India Restaurant" , way to think outside the box. For a Wednesday evening this place was poppn' off but we were seated right away. We were greeted promptly by a very intense man who immediately freaked me out, if his eyes got any wider they would've popped out of his head, Real talk! Being new to Indian food I ordered the same thing my boyfriend did. Our server looked at my with his big crazy eyes for a moment until he responded back " No, try something different " . Taken aback I regrouped and went with my second choice , the name escapes me but something to the effect of creamy spinach with chicken. He tried to get me to order something different but I stood my ground this time. Phew I was soo relieved when he stopped hassling me and just let me order my damn spinach chicken, my second choice. The second hurdle to cross with my ordering was the beer. I wanted to try an Indian beer but I couldn't decided on which one. I asked the waiter which one was the lightest tasting beer. He responded miller lite, confused and now wanting to get into another fiasco like the one previous i just pointed to the one on the top Taj Mahal which ended up being a damn good beer, which came in a 22oz by the way. To begin then brought out this thin tostada-like thing ( I'm Mexican, give me a break) and these gnarly dipping sauces. All of which tasted like shit. At this point i was ready to jump ship. Then alas, The food came and blew my mind. This place would've gotten a solid 1 star had the food not been fucking amazing. If the wait staff didn't creep me out so bad it would've been 5 stars all the way based on how rad the food is. After tasting my order all was forgiven with the waiter, I was so happy he hassled me to get something different! The Garlic Naan was A+. Our Waiter even brought out an extra dish of sauce for us to try, which likewise delicious. I was in Indian heaven.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,7/3/2014,474,495,89,96,94>Laina and I decided to visit Balboa Island Saturday night for our traditional "look at the beautiful lights attached to the houses we will never be able to afford" Christmas tour.  We prefer to do this tradition before the boat parade starts or after Christmas to avoid the mass of humanity that walks around the island during this time of year.After an hour long walk around part of the island (you could literally walk for hours at still not see all the houses), we broke out the Yelp application and started looking for a dining destination.  Laina had bookmarked Johnny's Real New York Pizza and it was close to where we were, so we hitched up the horseless sleigh and dashed away ... dashed away ... dashed away to Johnny's!What we didn't realize is the location on Pacific Coast Highway was quite literally a hole in the wall (just a few bar stools and an island in the middle), we were looking for more a sit down place.  One of the workers was kind enough to point us to their other location on Bison which has more seating and it was back to the horseless sleigh.A short time later we arrived at the Bison location and was greeted by the workers behind the counter.  The menu consists of New York Style Pizzas by the pie and slice, Sandwiches, Pasta, Appetizers and Salads.  Unlike the Corona Del Mar location, this location sells beer and wine in addition to soft drinks.After studying the menu for a few minutes we ordered a Medium Andolini Pizza - "The True Sicilian" with Homemade Meatballs, Genoa Salami, Sweet Italian Sausage, Fresh Herbs, Mozzarella and Tomato Sauce ( yelp.com/biz_photos/john… ), an order of Spaghetti and Meatballs with the Bolognese Sauce ( yelp.com/biz_photos/john… ) and Big C's Best Eva Garlic Knots ( yelp.com/biz_photos/john… ).We were the only people in the place, so we had our choice of tables and chose a half booth table.  The parlor had four flat screen televisions playing various sporting events while we waited for our food.The food came about 10 to 15 minutes after ordering with the garlic knots and spaghetti being the first things delivered to our table.  Laina and I both agreed the garlic knots were very good (great garlic flavor) and they were steaming hot when delivered.  The spaghetti pasta was a little bit larger noodle than what I am used to which made getting it around a fork a bit more difficult, but the sauce and meatballs were very good.  The pizza came out a few minutes later and it was burn the roof of your mouth hot (yup I burned the roof of my mouth on the first bite)!  There was plenty of toppings on the pizza and the sauce had a nice flavor.  Laina wasn't a huge fan of the salami, probably would substitute pepperoni in the future.  We both liked the Sweet Italian Sausage, which was a nice change from the typical sausage served on pizzas.  The crust was a little crispy which made the traditional "NYC fold" impossible and I would have liked a little more cheese (I say that a lot).  It was cut into 6 large slices as is the tradition in NYC and we had half a pizza to bring home with us.Rohlinism:  The true test of a great pizza is not how it tastes when first served, but how it tastes the following day.I had a slice last night reheated and it was still very good!  A very worthy pie.Service was decent for the type of establishment we were in.  Our questions were answered accurately and with honesty.  The only minor glitch was when it was time to go and I needed a box, one of the cooks had to tell the counter person know I was standing at the counter (love those smart phones).The pricing is a little expensive, but when you consider the area, I don't find it outrageous.  I believe the items we ordered and a drink cost about $43 including tax and we left a few bucks for the workers on the way out.  If I was in the mood for pizza and in the area, definitely would drop in here.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,7/2/2014,726,492,36,43,44>Anyone and everyone who loves Italian Ice knows about Joes.  If you are looking to find a better or more complete Italian Ice than this place you will definitely be hard pressed to find one.  With the enormous success and dedicated customer base of the Garden Grove location, Joe's decided to open a larger second location to appease the demand.  The Anaheim location of Joe's Italian Ice is strangely located just a mile up the road from the original location but is significantly larger in scale.  The rotating flavors that we all know and love are still present as are the variety of other tasty treats such as floats, shakes, sundaes etc...  What sets this Joe's apart from it's counterpart is the larger building and the indoor seating (although their isn't much).  The parking gets crowded and filled up fast and the tables go just as quickly.  Over the course of our numerous visits we have tried several different flavors of Italian ice and have not been disappointed in any of them.  By far my favorite is the Bada Bing Cherry and the Blood Orange.  I have both the ice by itself as well as the Joe-Latti versions and both are great.  Joe's also offers a punch card program so be sure to pick one up and get your stamps with each visit and purchase.  Also be sure to take advantage of the rainy day special (buy one get one free).I love the fact that we have two locations now readily available to satisfy our cravings for these delectable delights.  They are cheap, light, flavorful and really satisfy your sweet tooth.  We have a half dozen visits already in the bag but there will be plenty more down the line for sure.  If you haven't checked out Joe's in either location as of yet you are really missing out.  Get out there, give them a try and see for yourself what everyone has been talking about.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/1/2014,459,287,16,26,20>There comes a time in life where there needs to be change.  Changing from a Barber that has been cutting your hair for many years is very difficult.  Recently i discovered Logan Bros Shaving Co on yelp and bookmarked it.  I bookmarked it because i wanted to find a place when i wanted to treat myself with a professional straight blade shave, i had a place already in mind. After finding it difficult to schedule an appointment with my regular barber the past fee months, i decided it was time to move on.  Gentlemen, Gentlemen.... listen up.  If you are black, white, asian, latin or whatever, this is the place. These guys are all business.  The first thing that impressed me the most is when i walked in, i saw people of all colors. The way i like seeing the world.  No matter what type of hair you have they have you FULLY COVERED.  I needed to find someone that a can provide me with a nice and clean bald fade and i found that in the owner Marquis.  I have to confess, i have never had someone new, cut my hair so amazingly on the first try.  Excellent cut and yes i am for sure returning.   Now for the other item that sooooooo impressed me. The hot towel and straight blade shave.  I think this is something EVERY man should treat himself to time to time.  Ladies, if you're  looking for a gift idea for you man, this is it.  Trust me, you buy him a gift certificate from here for a hot towel straight blade shave and he will for sure be well impressed.  Excellent location, very clean shop with an excellent MENS vibe. Nice music while you wait you turn to be treated with excellence. This Barber shop is out of my way, but it was and is so worth the drive.  I'll be making this drive at least once a month and will enjoy every moment of it.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/30/2014,947,325,32,32,28>SCREW THE DIET!!Forget the cardio, weights, juices, protein shakes, snacking on almonds, greek yogurts, and surviving on air - just go to G Burger and let yourself LIVE!!THE MOOD:G Burger is located at the Tustin Marketplace and the plaza is quite busy during the lunch and dinner rush.  But not to fret, since there is so many other eateries here, the crowds seem to be evenly disbursed and your wait to eat here will not be long.  There is not many tables inside, so get here early before the rush so you can eat comfortable at a booth area.  If not, there is a long table with stool seats in the middle.  Or, there is also seating outside.  The place looks very modern and quaint.  Plus, you can see the burgers being made through the glass window.THE FOOD:G Burger is where you will want to go on your cheat day.  The love I get from the food will make your cheat day that much sweeter!  What I got:White Truffle Burger: This burger is a MUST TRY.  I love portobello mushrooms and roasted red bell peppers in general, but these items paired with the tender beef, asiago cheese, white truffle oil & garlic aioli blew my mind.  Every bite was better and more satisfying than the last.  The tenderness of the roasted red peppers and mushrooms was perfect with the fluffy buns.  The angus meat was melt in your mouth good and the cheese gave it a lovely tangy flavor that made my tongue do somersaults.G Style Fries:  I saw bacon on the menu and I knew I had to get it.  G Style Fries come with seasoned fatty fries drizzled with bacon, 1001 dressing, grilled onions, and cheese - It was very reminiscent of animal style fries from In-n-Out, but the hickory smoked bacon took the fries up a notch.THE 'TUDE:Service was excellent from the moment we got in.  The cashier and staff that brought over our burgers were all very friendly, smily, nice, and courteous to customers.  I love great service!OVERALL:Every calorie I ate here was worth it!! I don't care...judge me if you want!!  I'm surprised more people are not lining up out the door for burgers here - G Burger is getting burgers done right!  Well, better for me and for my tummy!! :)  I will most definitely be back!!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/29/2014,733,1325,24,35,30>Walking into Hi-Time, I am hit with the feeling of deja vu.  Of course, I'd been here long ago when I was visiting a friend in OC during the summer break from UCLA.  Of course, back then I had no appreciation for wine nor spirits.  Fast forward a few years and now I'm a member of a wine club and I consider myself a vinophile.  Hi-Time has an amazing staff.  On Tuesdays, they offer $10 wine tastings from 6 pm to 8 pm.  That's a great deal.  They have cheese you can buy and crackers for you should you need some nibbles while sipping all that wine.  There are 6 tastings usually at the standard 2 oz pour.  If you're on a first name basis with the bartender, then maybe they'll let you try something off menu.  They even have one of those self-serve wine dispensers.  They have just about everything and anything you can think of in terms of liquor.  Think of it as the Costco of liquor stores but with better selection.  If you're looking for an obscure wine or beer, they probably have it in stock or can order it for you if it's not already sold out from the distributor.  It's better than that chain BevMo because it's locally owned.  The store has character and history.  I'll definitely be back for more wine or liquor and tastings.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/28/2014,253,140,22,29,26>What an exciting and amusing new way to experience a film!  The UltraLuxe is like a cinemas for adults. They even have  '21+ only' section of the theatre where people can mingle at the lounge & sip drinks whilst waiting for their show. It doesn't seem to get busy, but nonetheless a cute concept.I've been here a few times now, having the pleasure to experience both the +Starclass & +DBox3D. Both have different qualities; the +Starclass is the +21 experience with love seats, dining service, alcoholic beverage & roomie seats. This option is considerable if you like a lot of room, or want to get cozy with your date. As per the food, I've tried their hummus and warm pita slices which were phenomenal & their coffee blend is surprisingly very delicious. The +DBox3D however is my favourite at this cinema! I experienced this 3 times; probably the best was during The Hobbit II. Since it was an adventurous movie, it was definitely more than worth it. The +DBox3D experience is like a much longer version of the StarTours at Disneyland. If you're an advocate of that ride, then you will enjoy this more than anything. You can choose the setting of how soft or strong you prefer the shaking, although I prefer it hard to feel everything because what is the point of selecting the +DBox3D then if you're not here to enjoy the experience?! This one however is not +21 and over, so be mindful that there may be kids around you, although the several times I've been here I did not have to deal with loud children.For a long and adventurous movie with a kick, I highly recommend the UltraLuxe +DBox. I've been here on a date & taken a friend here as well; it beats being still for a couple hours when a little ride can make it a fun evening x
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,6/27/2014,329,190,34,42,36>I was a Korean drama prince, without the drama. That was how I felt. That was how I was treated. And that's was how I was served. With a clean, new and modern environment, I was taken into another world and perspective, different than the usual Korean BBQ experience. Why? I'm here to explain. I desperately wanted to try this former Denny's space right when they had a sign that an ALL YOU CAN EAT Korean BBQ  was coming in. What separates me from the average person? I get elated when I see this kind of stuff. I was a kid in a candy store and started to talk about it with others around October 2013. But unfortunately, others don't get excited as I do.After months after opening and planning, I finally chose a good day  to come by for lunch $17.99 this past Saturday. We all know by now, instead of a steel/iron grill, they have clear stone grills here. It's nothing special really. It may look cool, but it the does the same job as any other grill. Instead of changing the grill, the servers clean it for you with water. They cleaned it quite frequently which I liked because no one likes a black grill. But there are so many other highlights to discuss.  Unlimited Side Dish Bar!I love this concept! Before the meats arrive, it's like Brazilian BBQ where you go and get the veggie fix. I hate asking for more side dishes, so I can get what I please! I absolutely was fond of the sauce bar! Sesame oil and the brisket sauce are already given to you for starters, but as a sauce enthusiast and advocate, I always end up needing more. Asking for more sauce is another annoying aspect at most Korean BBQ places. Here, I walk right up the bar, get more of the sauce I please and walk away. Simple! They have a huge serving of the brisket sauce WITH the jalapenos! However, the hot sauce isn't given to you at the start, but found here. At this lovely bar, you can get more rice paper, green radishes, and even rice cake for grilling!Lunch Menu $17.991. Brisket - The appetizer of meats at Korean BBQs. I always start off with the brisket. Good brisket is a good indicator if the restaurant will serve other good quality meats. The brisket here was cut thinly like how we are used to seeing it and melted in my mouth. It had a good beef flavor with the right amount of fat. As soon as I tried this, I anxiously knew I was going on a roller coaster ride. 2. Chuck Flap - It was cut very thin here. Barely any fat on it. However, remember to grill this fast because it can get well done easily. 3. Boneless Short Rib - I love short ribs. It's my favorite cut at KBBQ restaurants. Cut into stripped cubes, it was juicy and tender. Ordered a couple of plates. 4. Marinated Short Rib - I totally missed this! I can't believe it! But will try next time. 5. Bulgogi - I never get bulgogi. Just to watery. 6. Chuck steak - Another one I missed! 7. Rib Finger - A similar cut to the short rib. Just as tender and juicy and a great alternative. 8. Pork Belly - Not a huge fan of pork belly, but ordered it because the wife likes it. Just your typical thick cut pork belly. But if you enjoy pork, ordering this is a must. 9. Marinated Pork Belly - Did not order. 10. Pork Butt - Similar to a pork steak or pork chop with no marinade. I personally didn't order the below items because they are typical meats accessible anywhere like at soft tofu restaurants. 11. Marinated Spicy Pork - Did not order12. Marinated Chicken Bulgogi - Did not order13. Marinated Spicy Bulgogi - Did not order14. Marinated Small Intestine - Intestine lovers should order this to try it out. It had a good marinade, but not as close to Star BBQ's in Garden Grove. I liked the intestine, but it just wasn't as good as Star BBQ's. 15. Marinated Abomasum - Did not order. 16. Marinated Large Intestine - Delicious. Small intestine lovers will enjoy large intestines. Not as grimy as the small intestines and a sweeter flavor especially when it's cooked right. Koreans are notorious for drama. It's embedded in our DNA. But here, everything was drama free. Service was exceptional. I actually felt bad because a server would consistently grill the meat for us. Our main server was SJ. He knew what he was doing. Came by constantly bringing more plates of meats, refilling out waters, and grilling for us. But the others servers came by too, doing the same exact thing! Was I royalty? It sure felt like it!This is a huge upgrade than another Korean BBQ restaurant, Woo Ga in the same shopping center. Mr. Six exceeds Woo Ga in all categories 100 times over. That place needs to take notes from Mr. Six. Sagan and Surah, who are you?  We live in an era where Korean BBQ is dominating the meat industry. There are countless choices for Korean BBQ. Others regretfully stay the same and are in denial that they don't have to change. We aren't in the 90s anymore. Changes and new concepts thrive in this new decade. The clear winners are those who are willing to make those changes.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,6/26/2014,1010,796,36,41,40>What in the world is a Kolache? Well! Kolaches are a yeasty, mildly sweet doughy bun filled with your choice of ingredients. They have a pretty decent selection, ranging from fresh fruit to BBQ beef to please all cravings. At first sight, the bun looks like a plain ol' bun but once you pick it up, you'll realize it's not just any other bun!Bacon, Egg & Cheese -- It really is a meal in one! Imagine a breakfast burrito but in bun form. You get a fluffy soft bun stuffed with scrambled eggs, bits of bacon, and cheese. The bacon gives it a nice smoky flavor. The bun seriously blew me away. You'd expect some heavily fried, overly thick layer of bread but Kolache knows what's up! The texture of the bread is soft, as if they just popped out of the oven. The thickness is PERFECT. You're getting some bread but not an overkill. Spinach -- Deliciously creamy spinach topped with just a little bit of cheese. It all sits in the crevice of an adorably soft Kolache bun. If they didn't close in 25 minutes, I would go back and get another one.Absolutely love their meal in a bun thing they've got going on here. Make sure you request for your buns to be heated up.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,6/25/2014,1059,357,47,56,51>Anywhere there is Moules Frites, is a great place in my opinion, but what makes Brussels Bistro, the place to go for Mussels and Fries is that you can get them AYCE for $26!.  This special is available M-W and includes a glass of wine or beer.  They have eight flavors to choose from, also!.  You can choose small pots or large pots.  I would say the large pot=three small pots.  I started out with the Mariniere which is with celery, onions and butter.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brus…  These were tasty and what our waiter called "one of the milder flavors and better to start with."  After polishing off this, I opted for the Grain Musterd (Grain mustanrd, cream, bacon and cognac).  Whoa, is all I can say about these.  When I opened the steaming pot, I got a huge whiff of cognac!   These were definitely on the stronger side of the flavors.  A little too strong of flavor for me.  Maybe if these only had the mustard, cream and bacon sans cognac I might have liked better.  They were good but probably not a flavor I'd choose again.  Their other entrees provide much to choose from on the menu to include Beef and Pork Meatballs, Liege style yelp.com/biz_photos/brus… and Beef Steak with herb butter yelp.com/biz_photos/brus….  They have entrees also to include chicken, beef and fish selections, crepes and salads.  Make sure you save room for dessert, too.  I have sampled the chocolate mousse, ice cream with melted Belgian chocolate, tarts and crepes.  Here is a picture of the Crepes Mikado which are decadently filled with ice cream and topped with melted Belgian chocolate and Chantilly cream.  yelp.com/biz_photos/brus…  Some of the best dessert crepes I have ever tasted!  Perfectly prepared!For beer lovers, they have a great selection of Belgian beers here to include a really interesting and very smooth, aged Belgian beer. yelp.com/biz_photos/brus…Staff is superb here.  Warm and inviting and very knowledgeable.  It feels like eating with family.  Thank you, Yelp bud, Cathy S., for introducing me to this wonderful find in downtown Laguna!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/24/2014,1968,2065,53,61,61>The Restaurant Yelpers Don't Know About!Back in the day, there was no Yelp. Coupons in the Pennysaver and word of mouth were the only ways news of a good restaurant got around. This restaurant is a reflection of those days. The décor, while newer, is the same as it was 40 years ago and is back in style now! This restaurant is living history. Situated in the heart of Old Town Placentia, this is a must stop for any foodie.~Family Love and No 'tude Here!You will not find people in skinny jeans here. No conversations based off of information obtained via Google, no IPAD ordering system and you most certainly wont find people texting and surfing the net.What will you find? You will find locals, decent food, reasonable prices and a restaurant full of love. Great conversation flows through this establishment and the locals will know you are new. The locals approached us and sparked conversation that resulted in a warm family atmosphere for the two of us. ~A Cool Name and YelpCool name huh? 301 Café? It does spark ideas of the various Pho joints with different numbers and Class 302 that all yelpers know about. However, the name is not too clever but originates from simplicity. It does not take a rocket scientist or Google search to figure out where the name came from. And, this restaurant was actually searched for and found on Yelp by my little one. It was her treat for an early birthday dinner for me. She ordered for me. She paid the bill with her $5.42 and I secretly covered the remaining $20.~Reasonable PricesYup,  25 bucks for dinner for two with two milks. The most expensive item on the menu was $10.25. I had the Steak Ranchero and milk. She had the Enchilada combo and a milk. The bill came to $20. I also heard the bartender mention $2 draft beer!Take a step back to a different era and experience the 70's in person. Welcome to 301 Café. Put a dollar in the Juke Box, enjoy three songs and have a beer, warm meal and some old time love!301 Café, Placentia..another reason the OC is the best place to live!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,10/3/2013,438,367,24,34,29>Ok, here's why you need to get in your car and come on over to this little Italian Restaurant, because they have one dish you aren't going to get anywhere else - The Smoked Chicken Tortellini.  I've never had anything like it.  It's truly mind blowing.  I mean if you have to come up with the two greatest kind of foods, Italian and BBQ are going to be pretty high up on the list.  Sure people have messed around with BBQ chicken pizza, but that's child's play.  This chicken is the real deal.I don't know where they get the chicken from, but it's very very smokey.  It's everything you want smoked chicken to be, but it usually isn't.  Even from your best BBQ places, I find the smoked chicken lacking in flavor.  La Tavolata prides itself in fresh made pasta to order.  Things can take a while here but you'll know the difference right away.    The dish is officially called Tortellini Fatta en Casa.  It's hand rolled tortellini with smoked chicken filling served in an excellent pink sauce.  A real nice tomato/ alfredo that is rich as anything but goes perfectly with the smoked chicken flavor. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…It took me a few visits before I forced myself to try something else.  The Fettucine al compleanno was very good and also featured their pink sauce.  WIth a spicy andouille sausage, chicken, shrimp, tasso ham, and red pepper, it had a nice kick to it, but was still Italian and didn't enter cajun territory. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…The Lasagne Della Casa is a little different because it's topped with a yin yang of two sauces, a red bolognese and a white béchamel.  They mixed together quite fine but the béchamel in such a quantity really changed the flavor of the lasagne.  I think I'm more of a purest, although I do like that it wasn't only ground beef but also sausage.  yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…Spaghetti ala Carbonara is right on the money with a parmesan egg based flavor rather than some kind of alfredo sauce.  It has an excellent applewood smoked bacon topping. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…And last but not least, you know you are in a great Italian restaurant when you can order something as plain as Spaghetti and Meatballs and be happy.  The fresh made pasta was on display since it was so simple.  The meatballs with pieces of roasted red peppers mixed in were excellent.  Thanks to my daughter for ordering this, and thanks to her for not finishing it.  It was even better the next day as their great marinara sauce soaked into the pasta overnight.  yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…But you ain't gonna order that other stuff on your first visit, you are gonna get the smoked chicken tortellini.  And don't forget to save some of their garlic bread to dip in that sauce, you'll thank me.  La Tavolata is on the small side, maybe only seats about 30 people tops.  They also close between lunch and dinner.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,10/2/2013,2200,807,21,25,22>I was taken here after a very long weekThe restaurant was a smaller local shop.  Nothing fancy but lots of people waiting to eat.  Seemed like it would be good food to me.  We got the following and its description:Lao Style Sausages- It was served with a delicious spicy sauce.  Pad Thai with shrimp- The flavoring was PERFECT.  It had the perfect amount of sweetness and sourness.  They were generous with the chicken and shrimp.  I recommend if you love pad thai.Meatballs- I thought it tasted like bo vien.  It was served with a sweet and sour peanut sauce.  This dish was okay.  Catfish- It was wrapped in banana leaves with basil.  It was a smaller serving but really good.  Just be careful of the bones.  Thai Tea- The best I've had in a very long time.  GET IT!Overall, it was a good dinner and we left satisfied.  I liked that the spice and sourness was stronger.  Our service was also really good.  Well done Vientiane.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,10/1/2013,396,338,31,34,34>Hubby suggested that we have lunch at a "panini" place and I asked him if they served anything else besides sandwiches.  He replied that the Cafe served breakfast, kabobs & sandwiches.  Kabobs?  .....let's go.The restaurant is located in the Houstons strip mall in Irvine and there is inside and outside seating.  The tables are close to one another.....communal dining, lol.  We sat at one of the tables and ordered:(1)  Charbroiled Chicken Shish Kabob Chicken breast pieces served with basmati rice or wheat pilaf, skewered with grilled vegetables and choice of Caesar, Mediterranean Greek or romaine avocado salad.*  I selected the Med Greek salad which was fresh and delish*  Chicken Shish Kabob - My chicken breast pieces were moist and delish...add some of the somac to add more flavor.*  Basmati Rice - Fluffy and fresh(2)  Salmon Kabob Hubby ordered the grilled salmon served with skewer of grilled vegetables, organic wheat pilaf with Medi Greek salad.  He said his entree was just ok.  I thought his plate was skimpy on the salmon but the wheat pilaf was interesting...healthier than the basmati rice.Service was kinda slow and the guy serving our drink orders was kinda "hood-ish"...I'm not one of your boys, so don't talk to me like one.  However, our server was very sweet and apologetic about the slow service which was appreciated.I enjoyed my lunch which was tasty, fresh, abundant and only $10.  I'd return for breakfast and to try one of their paninis.   4 Stars
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/30/2013,421,525,21,23,21>'From some of the recent reviews, sounds like the Saddle Ranch is still settling in. It's unfortunate that some people had such a bad experience BUT I wouldn't let that discourage from giving this Saddle Ranch a try...'And you know what? 'Sh*t happens, true story.Here's a tip to avoid the long wait & possible problems - 'Come early... 'And not when everyone else does. Saddle Ranch is the new kid on the "Square" & everyone wants to check it out. So, if you arrive when everyone else does, don't be surprised if things don't go as planned. Who goes to Disneyland and is surprised to have to find long-@ss lines? 'Or you're almost @ the front and the attraction breaks down?... Yep, sh*t happens, & not just here.We came back on a Tuesday to sample the AYCE Ribs, arrived @ around 5:45pm, light crowd, no long waits... 'Perfect. However, by 6:30pm, there was the steady flow of hipsters & "wannabes-in-training." Awesome! 'Dinner AND a show! 8) I've too been accused of being a hipster, my Hawaiian no-name slippahs & Matsumoto's Shave Ice t-shirt are dead giveaways... 8)(I need to come earlier with sketchbook in tow & take a seat at the bar, I'd never leave.)People call them hipsters... 'In Orange County,  I use the term, "OCé" (Pronounced "oh-say") - The "Orange County Entitled"; people that swagger around with an undue sense of entitlementThese are people that act like their farts smell like potpourri, these are the "Orange County Entitled." Imagine the strutting Yule Brenner from his performance from the "King & I" then multiply that by "plenty." There, the picture is painted! The Saddle Ranch opened its doors less than a month ago on 04/20 and is still working stuff out... So, with that said, "You crying, OCé, botox bloated, more plastic than Dupont, less depth than a puddle, 'need to look @ my reflection every time I pass a shiny surface, f*k'tards - 'Relax... " 'And take a deep breath - in through the nose, out through the mouth. 'Now, repeat several more times before the vessel above your fake contact lens, wearing eye explodes & gives you an aneurism. ('And if that doesn't work - "You're @ a bar get another god'damn drink!") Go with the flow and if you can't... 'How'about just "go?" - Go away, so the people that know have to have fun can do so w/o the daycare drama, "I want my ba-ba" crying in the background.Disclaimer: If some of these reviews are not being blown out of proportion w/an extra dash of drama & in fact had legitimate issues, Saddle Ranch needs to get the front & back of the house on the same page... 'And quick. Our server Courtney was great, attentive and courteous... 'Even with my friend, stopping her for some request or another, every other minute... (sigh) F*k! Really?! You're one of "those people?" 'Can't be happy for five minutes w/o flagging down the server over for something else?... 'And it always started with, "I don't mean to bother you but can I just ask for one small favor?" (Note: After the first couple times, it's no longer "ONE small favor.") Yeh, it was annoying... 'I apologized to Courtney for the numerous, petty requests that really could've gone w/o ever being made.Also, I need to mention it was during their dinner rush, Courtney's tip was well earned. (Good thing I was drinking!... 'That sh*t was painful.) 'Courtney, another glass of the "Ranch's Aloha Mo'fo," mahalo!The Grinds - (*See uploaded photos)AYCE Ribs: Very good for AYCE; tender; the rub had a bit of a kick to it; a bit too saltyJalapeno Mac & Cheese: Very good; needs to be eaten right away before the dish cools downOnion Rings: Great; not heavily batteredThe Ranch AMF (Aloha Mo'fo! - Well, that's my name for it): Good; strong; Ahhh'loha!My friend also ordered the AYCE Ribs & a Mai Tai w/no complaints... ('Just lots of "one small favor" requests.) HA!'Shortly after receiving our order, Marcus, one of the managers came by our table to welcome us & let us know if there was anything we needed, don't hesitate to ask... 'Very nice touch. 'About a half-hour later after that, Eric, another manager did the same... 'Good to see that they're on it & a great way to build customer rapport. 'And the Saddle Ranch Hollywood, same managerial follow through & great service as well. After performing @ The Comedy Store, just a half-block down on Sunset, my friends & I would head over to The Saddle Ranch... 'Always a good time!Grand Total (w/tip) - $91'Not bad considering the amount of food we had, the booth table was barely big enough to hold all the plates...  - "We're going to need a bigger booth."Two full racks later, I was a fat, "Jolly Rancher!..." 'Correction, fatter.Awesome Happy Hour (4:00pm - 6:30pm) Half-off drinks & appetizersGreat deal!They're not set up for breakfast/brunch at the moment but looking forward to it.*See their official website for details. - thesaddleranch.com/index…- Big Aloha!Food: 4+Ambiance: 3+ ('Gotta be hip!)Service: 5Value: 4
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,9/29/2013,301,169,15,26,16>I can barely believe I'm giving 5 stars to a 50 year old bowling alley but honestly...What doesn't this place have?The 13th Frame Lounge has stiff drinks for cheap, a sociable mixed-age crowd, and pretty much every song you have ever heard on the karaoke rotation.The bowling alley has specials throughout the week, bumper lanes & 6 lb balls for the kids, and a lively Cosmic Bowling atmosphere.And the coup de grace - the Coffee Shop of all things.  It's the freshest, most abundant, and deliciously homemade CHINESE food ever.  Don't go in a hurry because food this good takes a while, but it's worth it.  The hand made egg rolls are to die for.  Lunch for 3 is about $30 including tip & drinks with enough to take home for another full meal.My mother and I brought my 88-year old (and kinda grumpy) grandfather to the bowling alley & coffee shop today for Father's Day.  After the meal, he put it like this... "I think this is the best Chinese food I've ever had!"
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/28/2013,1077,711,32,37,33>Simply Good Mediterranean Food.I love Yelp and this is why. I would never in a million years have found this gem if it weren't for yelp. I had a new friend add request and as is my procedure (to accept of deny) I look at where that person checks in and reviews. She had one review, Kerostena. I was curios and looked them up. Low and behold, four of my favorite yelpers have glowing reviews of this place. I read through all of their reviews and planned my visit.Kerostena is a small place, but they have plenty of tables and chairs. For the most part, I believe this place is more of a take out place.I wanted to try a few things from the menu and I called my order in. The lady who answered the phone was very helpful and told me in advance how long it would take. That was appreciated.I found the place with no problem and the parking was also not a problem (plenty of spaces).Here's what I got:Stuffed Kibbeh - "Fried ground beef mixed with Bulgar wheat and stuffed with ground beef and pine nuts" This dish was good, I specially liked the pine nuts. It gives it that crunch and the taste was delicious. (with hot sauce it's even better)Kerostena Salad - "Tomato, cucumber, red onion, green pepper, kalamata olives, feta cheese, tossed with olive oil and oregano" delicious and very refreshing salad. I don't know what that salad dressing was, but it was good.Shawerma Combo Plate - Chicken & Beef shawerma. Super flavorful, delicious.Lamb Shank - Very good. It's giving my favorite lamb shank from Hatam a run for their money. It's super tender and not gamy at all. Winner Winner Lamb Dinner.The plates come with Rice, Salad, Pita Bread & Hummus.Rice was more on the rice pilaf type and very good.The salad is good, It has that same salad dressing from the Kerostena Salad, They should bottle that salad dressing, it's super good.Pita Bread was very fresh, It was still warm when I got it.Hummus is seriously very good. I like that you get whole garbanzo beans in it too.For Dessert, I got the Baklava with Cream Filling. I don't get dessert most of the time, not a sweet tooth guy. But when I read Chris D's review. I had to try it. I had to wait an extra 5 minutes for these, because they were still baking it. The wait was well worth it. OMG. My mouth is still drooling. I got it in the car and I could smell them. The second I got home, I took a bite, I got 2 pieces, next time, I'm getting 6, just for me. Super flaky, not too sweet, then you get the cream filling and that is just WOW. Delicious, a perfect ending to a gluttonous meal. A must order. (make sure you ask for the cream filling, they might or might not have it that day, check before you go)Tips:*Get the hot sauce. The hot sauce will put some heat into you food, but the flavor of the food remains, It's not very overpowering, like other hot sauces. **Get the Garlic Spread. I could finish all the pita bread they gave me (which was a lot) & the garlic sauce and be happy. You'll have bad breath though lol, That stuff is strong (yummy)***10% discount with a Yelp Check In - money in your pocket. Use it.A Special thanks to my yelp buddies (my top 5 percenters as I call them, the tried & true yelpers I trust impeccably) Gigi M,Dave L, Chris D & Irene Y for your reviews and recommendations. I truly appreciate it.I'm rating this place a 5 star PLUS.The food here is very good, Please try it for yourself.I'll definitely be back.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/27/2013,587,377,28,33,29>Paris Baguette is an awesome bakery Korean style, located in a strip mall mainly occupied  by Korean businesses and a big Korean supermarket. This strip mall is easily accessible from Beach Blvd. Parking is convenient, you only need to watch out for Chinese old ladies driving around, we are dangerous! Before I went there I didn't know Koreans had such a delicious bread and were gourmet coffee lovers (like me) For some reason I thought they were more into tea, which some are but still they know how to drink really good coffee. Paris Baguette has all kinds of different breads: from green tea buns to sweet potato bread, beautiful cakes almost too pretty to be eaten but gloriously delicious. yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…Once I tried their sandwiches and were yummy too. Everything I have tasted have pretty good, but a bit on the pricey side which can be convenient for me and my diet intents.... (no comments) Their coffee is great (and I'm picky with my coffee) also other drinks like their green tea frappe yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…Good stuff. Recommended! Of course I'll be back.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/26/2013,816,484,46,55,52>Cream Pan, Cream Pan!!!  The name alone just make your mouth water for some delicious baked goods. Located in the corner of a strip mall this very unassuming place whips out some delicious eats.  I recently started seeing a Dr. near the area and so stopping into Cream Pan has become more frequent.Strawberry croissant ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/crea…  This is what everyone flocks to taste.  Its light, fluffy, flaky and oh so delectable.  You will not be disappointed.  They have 2 sizes, large and mini's.  Pecan cinnamon sticky bun ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/crea…  These sticky buns are not dense and heavy.  They are light, and airy.  Plenty of caramel and Pecans.  Think of it as a healthier or  lighter version of one you typically get at the mall place.  Yakisoba dog ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/crea…  No dog in this one. I mean no hot dog LOL!  Just yakisoba in a bun.  Its a typical item that you would see in a lot of convenience stores around japan.  The Yakisoba has a good flavor.  I typically prefer the ones that actually have a dog in them but these are still tasty.Curry Pan ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/crea…  One of the best you will get outside of japan.  They are golden brown with a slight crunch that gives way to a soft dough filled with yummy curry.  I could totally eat a few of these no problem.  Im salivating for one now hahaha!They offer sandwiches, rice balls and other baked goods.  to get the best selection of the day I recommend getting there early.Eyes ~ Small place but with a lot of yummy stuff.Nose ~ Whats in the oven!!!Ear ~ Busy workers and hungry patrons!Mouth ~ Curry Pan is the bomb!Tummy ~ So happy!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/25/2013,602,230,47,55,52>"COWBOYS, just like the word says."  John Wayne Had to start with a John Wayne quote as this Saloon is in the town John Wayne lived and played. Greeted at the door with the all too familiar "People love us on Yelp" sticker I opened it and was welcomed by dark warm woods, country style chairs, bobble heads yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…  yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…and friendly, smiling faces.  They greet my friend Brian with a warm "Hello" and instantly knew that I am a tourist in my own county by the feverish way I am taking pictures.This is the place to come for a sandwich just like Mom made for you. Simple, with fresh ingredients and at a great price! My pastrami sandwich yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…Spicy mustard, jalapeno jack and pickles on squaw.  YUMMMY! My sandwich up close and personal yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…Brian's sandwich yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…Turkey, avocado, onions, pickles, spicy mustard, mayo and cheddar cheese on squaw. Evil offerings yelp.com/biz_photos/ruby…Sandwich - Piled high and delicious!  5 StarsAmbiance - Cozy and lives up to it's name.  Keep in mind it has been around for over 40 years!  4 StarsService - 5 Stars - Quick and friendly. What more could you ask for?  5 StarsSssshhh... Don't tell anyone, but the squaw bread is to die for!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/22/2013,257,97,9,12,10>It was a Saturday morning, I rolled in with my twin boys and wife Kris. It's hard to go out and try new places when you got newborn twins, so this was a treat. My expectations are high.. so here we go.I am here for one main thing, to try their pour over coffee. I was pumped to be served a new style of coffee. If you're trying to figure this place out.. they are not just a coffee place. They have a decent menu for breakfast and lunch. I ordered the Breakfast of Champions with a pour over coffee and Kris got the mushroom bread pudding with a decaf coffee (hey, she's nursing my boys, so back off!) There was a nice list of the coffee beans they were offering. They usually have a great list from local roasters like Rose Parks from Long Beach to Klatch Coffee from Upland. I got a cup of the Klatch since they ran out of the Rose Parks. Quick tip: Just because you ordered food, doesn't mean they bring your coffee to you. You still need to pick it up in the counter... just a heads up. the COFFEE: The Klatch was awesome. I took a sip before adding any sugar or cream. Silky and strong. This place will NOT have SPLENDAS or EQUAL so don't even ask... They have raw sugar with an organic creamer if I remember correctly. It's the cleanest coffee I tasted in a while. Extremely satisfied! I killed every single drop. Loved it and will come back for their coffee any day.. the FOOD: Kris' mushroom bread pudding was a split. I liked it but Kris thought it was just OK, mainly because of the price of $8. I liked the whole thing. It's heavy so be prepared. My sandwich was served on the flakiest croissant with a soft and fluffy egg topped with onions and tomatoes. Bomb! I inhaled this thing. It's 5 bucks, so it ain't huge.  I will need to come back for lunch to try that popular Kale salad. We also ordered a Bear Claw... it looks like an almond roll from Pain du Monde just a way smaller version. It was GOOD not great... but it could be! For $3.50, they can make this thing a little bigger. It was a little hard and cold too. If they served it warm, I would be ordering this every time.Additional info: It's a beautiful place. Their atmosphere matches their menu. Clean, simple, beautiful and somewhat very familiar. The place is situated off the strip in DTF... but it fits this place. Surrounded by bars and fatty diners, this place stands out but it's not screaming for attention. They are low key but you know that every inch of this place has been well thought out.  I love the communal table in the back. Since we had a double stroller, we sat in the courtyard located in the back... It's a beautiful space. Come in the morning, it's quieter. Great place for an iPad and coffee session. FREE WiFi is a standard here as well. Servers seemed ok.. it was a little slow for a small coffee/cafe shop. Our cashier was friendly. I told her it was my first time there. Usually, this is the cue for employees to chat up what's popular in the menu.. but she was subdued. No worries.. Also, the barista I dealt with was by himself at the time and was very busy... so yeah, he wasn't into chatting it up either. Totally understand. So, didn't really get that "friendly" vibe that morning. But, it is what it is..Overall: Awesome. Service could've been a tad better but I still can't deny giving "GB" 4 stars.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,8/8/2010,915,683,13,16,17>This is a tough joint to find, but worth the trouble.  Kind of a sports bar kinda feel with lots of regulars. The service is great, friendly, and mighty purdee too!When we 1st sat at the bar we took note of the cool old school punk playing on their system.  Suddenly some new school crapass shiz started up and I jokingly mentioned the sad change to Miss Loverly Btender.  She immediately dropped what she was doing and went  over and switched it back up for us.  Sweet!  They really do care that the customer is happy!  Wouldn't expect it from the initial impression of this 'ol industrial space.The food we ordered was above par as well.  Laura S and Nino both grazed from the salad bar and it looked fresh and scrumptious.  I had the chicken breast sandwich  with avocado as an add-on and it was huge and properly cooked /juicy/not over cooked.  Again, was not expecting food this good hidden in a random office maze as this.  Mama always told us youngins that looks are often deceiving.  Pay attention to your Mamas chidren!ONION RINGS! Yep these OR's deserve their own sentence, in caps.  Possibly the best I have ever had.  Just for emphasis I am declaring that they are positively, most definitely thee best I have ever had.  In the future I will be driving across town for them as the craving arises.  I expect it will be a frequent occurrence.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,8/7/2010,342,350,23,26,24>So you wanna make tamales and you're wondering where can you get all the ingredients on the cheap? Well I'm gonna help you out. First things first, are you going to make your own masa? This can be a big decision for some with a few factors involved. If you don't want to make your own masa you can buy it pre made in the bakery section by the 5 to 8 pound bag.  The downside to this is they use lard which is NOT vegetarian friendly. The upside is you don't have to make it yourself saving you time in the kitchen. Given that it was my first tamale making experience I chose to buy it since I was fearful that I wouldn't make it with the correct consistency.  If you are going to make the masa yourself you will be able to find all the ingredients here as well. Ok now that you have that figured out head to the produce area and load up on cheap produce to make sauce for your tamales. We made chipotle sauce, tomatillo sauce and smoked jalapeno sauce. So we needed tons of dried chiles, they are located directly behind the produce on the back wall. They have every dried chile you could ever want. Once you're done head to the butcher section and don't forget to take a number otherwise you will be standing there quite a while. Pick your meat. I would suggest getting a recommendation from the butcher about the cut of meat, let them know that you are using the meat for tamales. The man who assisted me was helpful and recommended a brisket cut which is ideal for shredded beef tamales.   Just past the meat you will find the deli section filled with rich crema and cojita cheese. I would recommend buying this instead of the pre packed kind this way you can control the amount you buy and you can guarantee you are getting the freshest products. Next stop find a tamale steamer. I found a large one sitting at the end of a display and for only $13! This is a steal. I checked out Bed Bath and Beyond the day prior and they were selling them for $35. Tired? Well find your second wind because you haven't yet conquered the check out line. Make you way over, load up your goods and remember you are bagging these groceries yourself so get to work. Look at you! I am so proud. You are a third of the way done with the tamale making process so reward yourself on your way out and stop at the churro stand because these lovely warm cinnamon sugar sticks are only two for a dollar.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,8/6/2010,368,185,12,19,16>Overall best breakfast buffet spot in the OC! I've been here a handful of times, but it's been awhile and I forgot how good Las Brisas breakfast was until a visit I made here recently with the family.Omelettes are definitely in my top 3 favorite foods of all time (weird right) so I love how they have a create-your-own omelette station where you can personalize whatever you want in your omelette, even with egg whites! Healthier options are always a plus in my book.Their waffles are also fresh made and are super light and crisp.. top it off with some warm syrup, strawberry sauce and a dab of whipped cream.. mmmm so good.They also have regular breakfast items like sausage/bacon/potatoes, REALLY good eggs benedict, really really good bread pudding, other Mexican inspired dishes, and sweet fruit.. the sweetest honeydew I've had. Maybe it's cause I came on a good day, but everything was extremely tasty :)Service is on par. I never had to ask for a refill on my water and they were quick on bringing out tabasco and ramekins of ketchup (cause they're fancy like that!) Also, our dirty plates were cleared off the table within minutes. Great service!Things to know before embarking on your breakfast buffet adventure:-MAKE A RESERVATION especially for weekends and if you want a window seat! It can get pretty packed, but there's a reason for that.. people know where good food is!-The parking meters now accept credit cards so you don't have to worry so much about change, and if you do have change, they only accept quarters and dollar coins.-Breakfast during the week starts at 8AM and ends at 10:30AM I believe.. not quite sure about Sunday brunch hours though-Prices are ridiculously reasonable for the quality of food and location -- around $14 per person.Honestly, I forgot how awesome Las Brisas breakfast was.. I definitely will be making another trip back here soon!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,8/5/2010,1036,971,16,22,18>It's Friday morning and I want to go to a farmer's market in Orange County. Where do I go? To the Laguna Hills Mall, that's where. They have a certified farmer's market  from 9AM - 1PM.I've been to a number of farmer's markets this year in my quest to try to eat healthier and it's my opinion that this particular one has about the same number of vendors with almost the same things being sold as the farmer's markets which occur on Wednesdays in Tustin and Sundays in Aliso Viejo.I couldn't find the guy who sells almost exclusively Asian vegetables, but I did find the same one that sells in Tustin that sometimes carries Thai basil and other herbs. He had fennel today, but I was looking for leeks. Oh, well. I also found my favorite bread baker from Old Town Bakery out of Rancho Cucamonga. (He had Stolen today and said they would carry it through the end of the year. If you've never had one, it's the German version of a danish, but with fruit. So yummy!) I was overdue for a garlic and cheese loaf for my son+ a rosemary sourdough for me= $7.I walked away with 2 loaves of bread, 2 heads of cauliflower and this huge mostly green heirloom tomato that just screamed, "Buy me - bread me - fry me - eat me".Since it's located in an underutilized area of the parking lot not really all that close to the mall, parking here was a breeze. Actually, I parked one row away from where the market was set-up, so that helped to make my shopping trip much quicker. I was in and out of there in 15 minutes tops.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,8/4/2010,334,195,9,12,12>Delightful....that is the word that perfectly describes our experience at French 75. We came here for our anniversary dinner, and also for OC Restaurant Week. I'd heard a lot about French 75 and the prix fixe menu they were featuring sounded good to both our palates. We sat in the front patio area and were taken care of by Claude, one of the most genuine people and courteous servers I've ever encountered. My $40 4-course menu choices were as follows:1st course - roasted butternut squash and chestnut bisque - amazing dish!! The flavors were very rich and complex. The squash and chestnut flavors went extremely well together. Also the serving was quite large and to not spoil my appetite for the rest of the 3 courses, I asked Roo to finish it for me. 2nd course - lobster gnocchi - another amazing dish. The texture of the gnocchi was slightly crisp on the edges - which I wasn't expecting but found it delicious nonetheless. The lobster was perfectly cooked and the sauce was buttery and rich. Rich seems to be the on-going theme so far...Intermezzo - Heirloom Tomato Sorbet - incredibly refreshing, and slightly sweet sorbet to cleanse the palate in preparation for the entree. Entree - Study of Shellfish - very witty name for a yet again, rich and complex broth topped with lobster, shrimp and scallops. By this time, I was quite full and needed assistance finishing my entree. Dessert - Callebaut Chocolat Souffle - the texture was slightly crispy around the edges, which is exactly how I like it and the center was not overly sweet. It was very good but I really enjoyed Roo's chocolate dome cheesecake. That was outstanding, but Roo will discuss his meal in his review. After pleasant conversations with Claude throughout the meal,  delicious food, and a great atmosphere which wasn't pretentious but still sophisticated, we were presented with a signed menu from the Chef and at our request, also from Claude. OC Restaurant week, French 75 and Claude made our anniversary dinner extraordinarily special. Thank you! A bientot!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,8/3/2010,971,1413,9,16,11>My girlfriends and i came here for our annual Christmas gift exchange.  I was the one who suggested this place based on the excellent reviews on yelp.  I had NO idea that it was located in a food court and a "fast food" type restaurant, but at the same time it's not.  You do order at the counter and you'll get a plastic number to leave at your table, the server will bring you your food and regularly check up on you to see how everything's going.  It's table service without the frills and hassle of trying to "split the check".Everyone loved the dishes they ordered!  Most of my friends ordered a "build a wrap", which you can customize by choosing what protein you want - lamb, salmon, beef, or chicken.  They wrap your choice of protein in a whole wheat flat bread with lettuce, marinated tomato feta, rice, pickled onion & tzatziki sauce.  Mmm, after my first bite my brain screamed "garlicky goodness" - I don't think there's such a thing as too much garlic, do you?  It comes with a side of your choice.  What a deal for $8!!I decided to try something different, and ordered the "Pastitsio" ($8) - this is a Greek-style lasagna with stewed ground beef, pasta, bechamel, tomato sauce, and kefalotiri cheese.  It was interesting, but I didn't love it.  The pasta was too mushy for my liking and it lacked texture.  I have no idea what kefalotiri cheese is, but I found it too overwhelming and it overpowered the entire dish.  Next time I think I'll stick to the usual wraps, salads, or kabobs.  For a quick eat type place (our food came out within 5 minutes!), Olive Pit Mediterranean is definitely ranked high in my book.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,8/2/2010,318,119,10,15,12>I work right across the street and I never noticed that Baja Fresh had been closed down and La Mesa Grill had taken it's place!! Some of my coworkers had been going to eat here for lunch and were raving about how good the food was, that I decided to unchain myself from my desk and walked on over to give this place a try! When I walked in, I noticed that only the right side of the restaurant had changed. Everything else, still had Baja Fresh all over it!  I actually liked the old Baja Fresh decor and now, all the tables were replaced by wooden benches that seemed kind of, not sure how to word this ... out of place. The salsas they serve still taste the same, so the recipe hasn't changed, which is good, cause I've always loved their salsas! They also still serve the same one's as before, Red (hot), Green (med), Black House Salsa (Mild) and Pico De Gallo. My coworkers and I ordered the 3 taco combo, taquito platter, guacamole and chips and a side salad with their cilantro dressing. I was shocked to find out that the side salad, with extra dressing, was only $2.99 and big enough to fill you up! It was good too!  The guacamole tasted great, just enough salt and lemon and it was fresh! I'm a big fan of Guacamole and this one hit the spot!  The tacos and taquitos tasted the same as when I used to order them from Baja Fresh, so I wasn't disappointed, they were still good!I see myself coming back! Oh, I almost forgot ... they still serve beer!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,8/1/2010,231,963,8,12,13>Celebrated Mother's Day here with my family. They had a special Mother's Day menu for $65/person and I think it was well worth the price.BF and I arrived 20 minutes before the rest of the party, and they seated us anyways. I cannot stand places that make you wait for the whole party, so I was happy about that. As soon as we were seated we were served water and bread, and they brought us drink menus. I ordered a glass of Riesling, and it was brought to me right away.The rest of the group showed up, and the staff was all over them, taking drink orders, giving them bread. The service here was amazing. The Mother's Day menu was 3 courses, and we had a choice of 6 different first courses, 5 different main courses, and 5 desserts. Prior to the first courses being brought out, we were served an Amuse-Bouche of Greek Yogurt Panna Cotta with black olives and lemon. The tiny little shot glass sized cup was a perfect way to start the meal. I was a bit wary of the yogurt, but it was actually really good. It had a sour cream-ish taste with hints of citrus. I enjoyed it very much.For first course I ordered the Chilled Tomato Gazpacho, which came with rock shrimp, avocado, and cilantro. It was pretty good. The Gazpacho was tangy and the cilantro and shrimp paired very well together. My dad had the Ricotta Ravioli, served with carrot puree and walnut brown butter. I think my step-mom said it best when she said it tasted like baby food. It was just mushy and the flavor was very bland.My BF ordered the star of the first courses, the Creamy Maine Lobster Risotto. Pure perfection. The serving was small, and I wanted more! I really wish I had ordered that instead of the Gazpacho. It was warm and deliciously seasoned with tarragon. The lobster was sweet...this dish was amazing. On to the main course. Everybody at the table ordered the Butter Poached Alaskan Halibut. I was the odd one out and ordered the Shrimp and Scallop Pappardelle Pasta. My dish was good. My shrimp was a bit overcooked, which was kind of a bummer. I am not a huge scallop fan so I gave those away to my family to eat. They all said they were the best scallops they had ever had. The pasta was cooked just right, and the saffron sauce served with it was really good, although a bit too rich for my taste. By the end of the meal I was feeling kind of overwhelmed by the richness. My dish also had broccolini and chanterelle mushrooms in it, which had soaked up the sauce and were incredibly tasty.I had some of BF's halibut dish. The fish had a sauce made of bacon and sweet pearl onions, awesome flavor. The piece of halibut was a good size and it was cooked perfectly. His dish was also served with tempura shiitake mushrooms that were quite good. Once the main course was over we were all stuffed. Luckily, they waited a bit before bringing out dessert. We ordered some cappuccinos and relaxed while waiting for our food to settle. Luckily, the desserts we picked were very light and the portions were small. I ordered the Caramelized Banana with brown butter ice cream, banana parfait and  vanilla froth. The banana was really good, the brown butter ice cream was to die for, the vanilla froth didn't really add much to the dish.BF ordered the White Peach Tart Tatin, served with blueberry ice cream and lemon curd. The peach tart was really sweet and the blueberry ice cream and lemon curd mixed together went very well with it. Great dessert.After all the food was taken away, the waiter brought out chocolate chip cookies packaged to go for the ladies at the table (haven't tried those yet), and he also gave my step-mom a pretty china plate as a Mother's Day gift. Very nice touches. The bill was quite high, with all of our $65 meals, plus wines and cocktails, but I think it was worth it. We had a delicious dinner with excellent service, in a very comfortable setting. I definitely want to come back here again and see their entire menu - which I hope includes that lobster risotto!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,7/31/2010,380,334,16,17,15>I love dumpling, buns, boas, you name it. So I had to come here. :) I had a craving for those Mandoos for a couple days now and made Paul L. come with me. he he! We rushed there and I was so excited... "DUMPLINGS!" is all I kept saying the entire car ride. "DUMPLINGS!" When arriving the staff was very pleasant and nice, yes she couldn't speak english that well but is getting better,  I think. We ordered the Wang Mandoo (#1) and then I tried to order the kimchee Mandoo (#2) but  they were ALL OUT!!! :( bummer. *tear* And we ordered 2 kinds of dumplings pork/shrimp and kimchee/pork. I liked the kimchee and pork better, the flavor was more intense. Although I throughly enjoyed the dumplings and mandoos, my companion did not like them as much. I guess there is a difference between traditional chinese baos, and Mandoos. So look out for that if you are looking for authentic this might not be the place fpr you. Now I want to try a really good  bao! Where would I get one of those? :D However, I really liked them and enjoyed the experience. I personally like the  Mandoos more than the dumplings but all was delicate, juicy, steamy and homemade. I would go back :)
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,7/30/2010,917,425,11,14,16>So, FINALLY, a kabob restaurant, (and quite a bit more), that I would highly recommend as a "Best Quality-Best Value" winner.An appropriate venue for reviewing Panini Cafe might be within something called the "Kabob Challenge"......... which, if there were one, would probably have Panini Cafe at the top, if not NUMBER ONE! In an earlier, (rather long), review of Hatam Persian Restaurant in Mission Viejo, and also my review of Caspian in Irvine, I mentioned that for all of the Persian, Lebanese and Mediterranean restaurants here in Orange County, the one common entree is the "Kabob Platter." And if a restaurant can't master the kabob, then all else, in my opinion, doesn't matter. So just like in the Olympics, if a kitchen can't make it past the "qualifying round", they shouldn't be considered in the finals. Panini, by virtue of all the other yelp reviewers, and me, is a snap for the finals, and a near sure bet to be on the "kabob medal stand."Without going any further... I would ask that you check out my "Yelper's Guide to the Panini Kabob Platter", which I posted in the photo album for this restaurant. It says it all........REALLY!!??? ............. YES, REALLY!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/1/2014,546,275,48,46,42>Saigon Deli has been here for a VERY long time.  When I say long time, I mean since the mid-80s when I used to attend Anderson Elementary, which is the elementary behind it.  Please forgive the run on sentence.  It's been there when the Banh Mi Saigon used to be a Pioneer Chicken.  It's been there when My Thuan Supermarket used to be Lucky's.  It's been there when the KFC used to be Wienerschnitzel.  You get the point and now I feel old... I used to come here when I was younger with my parents and my parents stop coming here because my pop's and the owner got into it one day.  Let's just say they got into an argument because of my mischievous ways when I was knee high.   Also, it won't be the last time I get into trouble. LOLAnyway, Saigon Deli is known for their Bun Bo Hue.  It's probably the best in Little Saigon and there's been a lot of talk about Ngu Binh's Bun Bo Hue being better.  I will try and let you know or you could find out yourself.  Sorry for going off a tangent but blame the ADHD.  Back to Saigon Deli, the Bun Bo Hue packs a lot of flavor.  It's spicy and it's authentic as you can get.  The bowl has a good mix of noodles, meats, and soup.  I also have tried the Bun Thit Nuong and Pho.  Both were decent to good but there are other spots in Little Saigon that are better.  Overall, I only come here when I'm craving Bun Bo Hue and I only hope the owner doesn't recognize me as the mischievous little sh*t back when I was 10.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/31/2014,879,602,29,29,27>The produce isn't the freshest but if you're going to eat it or cook it on the day of, they have some really good bargains.  I got a carton of strawberries for $1.99 and a pint of blueberries for $1.  The $1.99 blackberries were not moldy when I bought it but 3 days later there was 2 that got some Stanley Cup beard action going. They have a great selection of meats, both halal and regular...in addition to marinated or not marinated.  The marinated chicken has cilantro, onions, bell peppers and spices.  We cooked it on the charcoal grill and the marinade was spot on.  I hate cilantro and you can't taste it at all.  I also picked up some carne asada / flap meat and marinated it on my own.  I forget how much the meat came to but it was apx $8 a pound and comparable to any Mexican supermarket with similar marinated meats.  I just felt like this place moves faster.I like the crazy selection on bread, pitas, flat bread and lavash options.  The pitas are fresh and I prefer the Pita Pit ones which are super thin and fresh.  I feel a little less guilty since they are so thin and less in carbs but still very satisfying.There's a nice amount of dried fruits and nuts that you can buy by the pound as well as a entire display of baklava.  The top row is $9.99, the middle row is $10 and I forget if the bottom row is $15 or more.  You'll have to ask what the difference is if you do not know.  The gal working the counter was really nice and told me the different shapes were to denote walnut, cashew, walnut/cashew and pistachio.  I got 4 squares (8 triangles) of the pistachio and it came to almost $5.  It's not super sticky but it is a tad sweet.There's a dessert bar and 2 hot entree bars that remind me of a food court.  Smells amazing but I haven't tried it.  Will definitely be back to get more meat and bread options.  I love having a alternate choice to American, Asian or Mexican markets!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/30/2014,816,484,35,40,40>A grilled cheese spot in the OC, why yes!   This little grilled cheese shop features house signature sandwiches.  You can also create your own as they offer various breads, cheese, meats and other toppings.I went in planning to get the Three Little Pigs but decided on something else. Dusk till Dawn ~ yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…  This sandwich was jam packed with all kinds of tasty breakfast items.   Stuffed with smoked gouda cheese, applewood smoked bacon, grilled onions and 2 fired eggs and instead of sourdough I went with rye bread.  This was more like a breakfast sandwich instead of grilled cheese but I can eat this from dusk till dawn LOLEyes ~ A small little spot!Nose ~ Smells kinda cheesy LOL!Ear ~ .Cool jams from internet radio.Mouth ~ Breakfast in my mouth!Tummy ~ Happy Tummy indeed!!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,8/29/2014,2049,277,38,46,44>This is a small local crepe and waffle restaurant located in a strip mall opposite the Orange Mall, aka The Village at Orange.  Traveling northbound on Tustin Avenue, it's on your right hand side, between Target and Best Buy.Despite its small size, the interior is very nice and welcoming.  The shiny wooden table tops and chairs are elegant and comfortable, so this does NOT look anything like a cheap fast food joint.  It has a nice touch of an ambience that makes you feel like you are in a small European café.We ordered 2 dessert crepes.  The house special is the Cajeta Crepe ($5.95) which is made with banana and walnuts and is topped with Cajeta sauce - a sauce that is actually of Mexican origin and is a milky caramel sauce.  It is really yummy!  The Paradise Crepe ($5.95) is made with strawberry and banana and topped with Nutella.  Nom nom nom.You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  Everyone we encountered has been friendly, pleasant and efficient.  You can feel the enthusiasm in their work that makes you feel truly welcomed.  They checked on us several times, making sure that the food was ok and refilled our drinks promptly. This place has the right vibes - the vibes of a family-owned restaurant that truly cares about its customers.A minor disappointment is that the dessert crepes do not come with whipped cream, which makes them a little dry and the presentation suffers a bit too.  The crepes are good, but slightly more chewy than I like, but that's just my personal preference.Overall, a solid 4-star experience and I'll be back soon!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,8/28/2014,1095,3855,25,29,28>I came on to update my review only to find that I have never written a review of this place. GEEZ! I've been here SOOOO many times for lunch AND dinner and wanted to update my review after my most recent visit.The food is always stellar and reminds me of dining in Hawaii on par with Roy's. Food is always flavorful with simple but pleasing presentation.I love to start with their cocktails -- my favorites of course are the margaritas. Most recently I had the Mango Habanero Margarita, a blend of spicy and tart. Loved it.The fish tacos on this most recent trip were great. The tortillas they use is a blend of flour and corn and had a lovely chew. The portion size was really generous for one person to finish.The green lip mussels were to die for. The miso broth was so umami filled I couldn't stop eating it. I lapped it all up with the thick slices of sourdough which came alongside.If you're looking for other great dishes, I always look to the fish items. Always perfectly executed with an island flair.Desserts are great too and I'm not even a sweets fan. The coconut cake is their signature item but since I'm not a coconut fan, I like all the other stuff. The latest special is malasadas with a beautifully tart passionfruit curd dipping sauce. Incredible.Service is always good and I just love this restaurant.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,8/27/2014,1077,711,52,61,56>Coconut Rabbit? What a cute name, but what is it? Well, I asked. It turns out, it's a wooden sculpted rabbit with a coconut grater attached to it. You sit on this wooden rabbit and manually grate coconuts lol. I took a picture of it, you can find it to the left of the cash register on a shelf. Now that I know what a coconut rabbit was, I was curious about the food. Well, I asked. They offer seasonal menu, They use fresh ingredients. Everything is made from scratch. They don't use MSG. The place is small. The decor is simple but elegant. I like how the tables are arranged and they have white table linens. Now to the food, Delicious!!Here's what I tried. Short Rib Panang "Braised short ribs, green beans & carrots" OMG, so so good. The short ribs melts in your mouth, it's so tender. The Panang curry is one of the best I've had. This is one of their "Signature Curry" now I know why. The CON, you only get 4 pcs of meat (I was sharing with my wife and she wanted my share lol) and it's pricey. But I'll still get this next time, it's worth it. (One order just for me, get your own wifey lol)Thai Style Fried Chicken Platter (Thursday special) "Crispy fresh herb marinated chicken tender, papaya salad, coconut rice pilaf w/ sweet and sour dipping sauce" very good fried chicken. The papaya salad is out of bounds GOOD. The coconut rice pilaf was also outstanding. I could taste the coconut milk in it and those toasted coconuts on top was money. All together, a really super delicious dish!!Jungle Noodle w/ Pork "Flat rice noodle, marinated meat, tri-color bell peppers, heirloom cherry tomatoes, green beans, Thai basil, onions, Thai chili and romaine lettuce" I requested that this be made non spicy and it was not a problem (since this is for my noodle boy). Another delicious dish. The heirloom cherry tomatoes (never had it on a noodle dish before) were super good. Delicious noodle dish. (Noodle boy loved this one)Thai Lime Iced Tea (comes free w/ the Thursday special meal) was very refreshing. Tip: you can also get the FREE Thai lime iced tea with a Yelp Check In when you purchase an entree. Service was super friendly. As you can tell I had a few questions and she was so nice in answering them. Coconut Rabbit, the name got me curious enough to come and try their food. I had a really good meal here and I highly recommend you guys try this place for yourself. You might became a fan of this place, just like me =)
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/26/2014,4561,468,114,122,123>The Penh truly is mightier than the sword, but only if it makes you PhnomPhnomPhnom!My first foray into Cambodian food, Phnom Penh Noodle Restaurant is an authentic & quaint eatery hidden inside a residential house.  I actually missed it while driving by & had to GoogleMap it, busting a quick U-turn.  It could also be because I'm a spaz.............but I digress.A waiting list was what greeted me.  I wrote my name on the clipboard, and being my friendly self, asked some people ahead of me what they'd recommend to order.  I met passive Yelper, Julie, who recommended the #1 Phnom Penh Special Noodle.  She called out sick from work, just to eat here.  But, don't tell her husband that.  Keep that on the down low ;p  She even let me join her for lunch, thereby reducing my wait time.  Score!To start, we had the cha quay.yelp.com/biz_photos/phno…Long pieces of bread which, to me, had the taste of fried wontons.  I enjoyed the couple bites that I had.My order was the #1 Phnom Penh Special Noodle, dry ($5.50 med)yelp.com/biz_photos/phno…Diners have the choice of having this wet or dry, meaning everything together or with soup on the side with a big hunking piece of bone.  Me?  Call me Bone Thugz N Harmony, because I want my bone, bone, bone, bone!  I gnawed on that fatty animal bone like a sabretooth tiger.  The broth & the noodles had a faint sweetness to them, not overtly sweet.  The pieces of liver and shrimp, along with the cilantro and bean sprouts, made for a culinary Kodak moment.  Plenty of condiments to kick things up a notch to my liking.  Delicious, filling & cheap!  At the end of our meal, our waitress asked "Do you want hot tea?"I said "Is it free?"She replied "Yes.", to which I replied "Fo shizzle!" ;pStreet parking can be hard to come by, and is even more horrible on street sweeping days, which I just happened to have arrived on.  I decided to park at Rally's & hoof it.  Service was good.  Our food was brought out in no time, with a very short wait.  Plus, the tea at the end was a nice way to cap off a great lunch.Seating is minimal, and Phnom Penh is only open from 6am-3pm.My first taste of Cambodian cuisine and I couldn't have picked a better place than Phnom Penh Noodle Restaurant.  Prices are very cheap for some flavorful food that'll tickle the tastebuds.  I'm a fan, and I'll be back!Highly recommend!PHNOMPHNOMPHNOMPHNOMPHNOMPHNOMPHNOM
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/25/2014,743,499,29,35,37>AWESOME burger place in a plaza off 17th. The restaurant is a bit small compared to most burger joints, but wait wasn't long for dinner. The environment/atmosphere here seems to be geared more toward family vs Slater's.The waitress was really friendly & even informed us about signing up for their emails & applying for a counter card to get deals. We even got to combine our yelp check-in free topping deal w/ the free fries deal for being new counter card members!The concept here is the same as Slater's, where you can either choose their signature burgers or create your own masterpiece. Also like other burger places such as Slater's and Umami, The Counter features different burger of the month. I believe when we went, it was something w/ ahi tuna and we were tempted to try it ,but we both decided to create our own. You mark what you want on the sheet provided, but you don't get to name your creation.We both opted for the 1/3lb bison patty medium rare which was a couple of bucks extra. I found it interesting they gave the option of hardboiled egg here as a topping, making it unique. Most places have only fried egg as a toppin for your burger. The egg was boiled perfect as in NO DEATHLY UGLY GREEN RING on the yolk! Anyway, the patty was cooked on spot medium rare. Juices (NOTE: JUICES! NOT GREASE!) were flowing from the burger and it wasn't dry at all even though bison is leaner compared to beef. The onion bun was toasted nicely as well and wasn't stale.The fries were crispy and portion was more than enough for the 2 of us to share.I enjoyed my meal at the counter, can't wait to try their Irvine location. I didn't feel like I was about to pass out from food coma, like I would at Slater's.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/24/2014,1001,659,45,48,46>Solid BBQ joint! I'm not a BBQ expert so take this review as that!Got the seasoned meat plate; chopped beef brisket and sausage (wasn't in the mood to get my hands and face dirty with hardcore ribs and other finger-licking meats).  Standard sides are coleslaw and beans; however, I loved that they're cool with substitutions!  I didn't even have to ask, the lady on the phone asked me if I was all right with the sides.  When I was given options, I jumped on it!  Got mac n cheese and corn on the cob instead.  Gotta say, the corn was perfectly BBQ'ed, crispy, crunchy kernels!!  Loved it!!   The garlic bread they throw in is a plus too, 2 slices.The chopped brisket and sausage were good.  I was picturing cubed but chopped is accurate of the chopped brisket as it was, I'll opt for sliced next time.Call-in, take-out service was fine. It's a small, order-at-the counter place, not my ideal dine-in setup but fine for a quick bite in, I guess.  Just don't expect full service is what I'm trying to say.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/23/2014,438,367,24,28,24>BBQ: something that nobody can agree on. Should it be spicy, sweet, mustardy, vinegary, peppery, smokey, heavily sauced, dry rubbed, who knows? We can't even agree on how to spell it. Is it Barbecue, or Bar-B-Q, or Bar-B-Que? Which is why most just write BBQ.  It's the one food that can end friendships.  It's a man's food and if you don't at least agree to disagree....well that's a disrespect to one's manhood and wars have been started over less.Thus two of my yelping associates are no longer acquaintances because of differing opinions on Smokey Fred's.  So when this yelp drama went down.....I had to get to Smokey Fred's ASAP to see what caused the nuclear option between these two well known yelpers.  Brought out the wife and kid as an excuse to try multiple things.  What my 7 year old can't order a whole rack of ribs and finish it?  I had no idea....It took me exactly one bite of the baby back ribs to declare them the best I've had in SoCal.  I loved the dry rub that Fred uses.  Sauce isn't even necessary here and I ate plenty of them without.  I did get a side of sweet and a side of spicy BBQ sauce to mix together on the plate and dip a little as well.  My only complaint on my first visit was the sauce was ice cold.  I like when places warm up their sauce, after all you are putting it on hot food.  On my second visit the sauce was room temperature, which was much better.  The ribs had a nice smokey flavor to them and a good crusty flavorful bark on the outside from the dry rub.  The meat pulled right off the bone and it was clear these ribs were smoked nice and S...L...O...W.  When you cook something very slowly, the fat reduces into the meat and you don't end up with fatty ribs, just very flavorful ones.  5 plus stars for these ribs.  yelp.com/biz_photos/smok…To me everything after the ribs at a BBQ joint is an afterthought.  The pulled pork was pretty good.  Although I was surprised it wasn't smokier.  Not that it didn't have a good flavor and mixed up with their sauce nicely.  Care was taken to make sure fat was removed prior to pulling.  4 stars.I can't quite same about the brisket, but it seams that's by design here.  I prefer my brisket sliced, especially when a dry rub is being used.  At Smokey Fred's they serve it in chunks with a layer of fat holding the whole thing together at the base with the meat fanning out like a bloomin' onion.  It's not the first time I've had it served this way.  The brisket had a great flavor and was very tender.  But  you do have to negotiate your way around a large layer of fat.  I can see why a few reviews here complain about how fatty the brisket is.  3.5 stars  yelp.com/biz_photos/smok…For sides, I've tried Mac -n Cheese, baked beans, and potato salad.  All 3 were very good.  Especially loved the Mac -n Cheese and thought it was very cheesy and tasty.  I don't see myself coming here without getting a side of it.  As for service I found Fred friendly but busy.  He's pretty much running the show himself here with one extra person.  When I yelled out to him that I thought the ribs were out of this world, he thanked me and told me it meant a lot for him to get compliments like that.  But never breaking stride of working the kitchen, the cash register, cleaning off a few tables, etc....My 2nd trip here I met up with Dan H. and Roy B.  I made sure Dan got the ribs and I was expecting him to have a come to Jesus moment like I did when I ate my first rib here.  It didn't really happen for him, and while he thought they were very good, he liked Bludso's in Compton Better.  No Way Dan!!!  (Although I do also like Bludso's).  As for Roy, his face was buried in some Rib Tips the whole time.  Let me tell you those things are more Ribs than Tips for sure.  Good call on Roy's part.  Ask a million people what's the right way to BBQ, and you'll get a million different answers.  Smokey Fred has his way, will it be yours?
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,11/15/2007,851,239,5,10,9>This little market has been here for at least 2 years, so I'm surprised no one has reviewed it. I can't say how pleased I am to not have to drive to Costa Mesa to go to the middle eastern grocery. I live in the East Village Arts District, less than a mile from this place. When I drove by and saw the sign, it became apparent that I control the universe with my mind.  I had a chat with the owner when the place first opened up. If memory serves me, they are from Iran and living in Long Beach. Apparently, they realized the lack of middle eastern grocery stores in the LBC area, and so they opened their own. Brilliant. Abadan, while small, seems to have all the Persian necessities. Well, at least for me. Rose water, gormeh sabzi herbs, kebob seasonings, persian pastries, etc. etc.  I imagine if you're seeking some esoteric rodent eyeballs, they may not have it. No clue. The market also doubles as a neighborhood convenience store, carrying typical snacks and drinks. Also, it has a decent variety of fresh produce. They have a deli as well as some prepared food... but I haven't tried it. The neighborhood, well, it's Long beach... so, y'know how that goes. But, I can deal with some crack heads if it means driving 3 blocks instead of 30 miles for some rose water ice cream. That makes this Persian girl happy.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,11/14/2007,117,137,4,6,7>What a bummer, one of the few times I disagree with Mike L!Let's me start off with one word: PotentialThe place is fairly new, still in its first month of operation.  I've been here twice, once for shabu shabu, the other for sukiyaki.  I'm always a little wary about new restaurants, but each time I came here I was mildly surprised.  The quality of the food isn't up to par with some spots in Little Tokyo, but it's actually better than other places that I've tried.  A correction about the menu, there's also sea food and vegetable plates to choose from, not just beef.  The shabu shabu was decent, the sauces were OK, but I think I'll go for sukiyaki and the flavored broth instead.The first time I was here, the service was sketchy.  Too many waitresses standing around still figuring out what they're doing, asking you if you needed anything 3 minutes after the waitress next to them just asked.  But by my second visit, they seemed to have fixed all that.  They were quick, attentive, but not too attentive, and friendly as well.The price is pretty reasonable here.  I dunno if I'm hitting up the wrong joints or something, but some of the other spots I've been to (excluding Shabu Shabu House in Japanese Village) charge at least $23 for their large plates (Koji's, Shinsengumi), while this place charges $15.95.  In those other places, I asked what the difference was in terms of size, and they said they measure by the ounce, not by the slice.  I assume Yojie also goes by the ounce and is giving comparable amounts in their plates, but we all know what assuming does, so let's not go there.  I guess I'm just a fan of getting more bang for your buck.The banana fosters dessert is pretty good.  Aside from what's expected (bananas and ice cream), they include real banana bread on the bottom.  I'm a sucker for banana bread, I lo-huh-ve it.  Gets me right here (pounding spot on chest where you think your heart is).It's really not a *great* restaurant, and I should probably give it 3 stars.  But back to what I said in the beginning, the place has real potential.  It's new, the owners are receptive (well, at least the lady I spoke to was), and they seem really eager to get it right.  I'd come back again.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,11/13/2007,221,281,5,7,7>Oh insomnia. how i hate thee - but at least now i have the motivation to write a review.so it's getting colder outside, and for dinner friday night I was all about the fondue. but fondue was booked. something comforting and rich? italian. bingo.we met at Mangia and were sat right away. Oh - wait. Backstory. When we were deciding where to eat, I called the restaurant and asked to make reservations. They wouldn't take a reservation for 2 people. So I asked what he thought the wait would be in about an hour and he answered in a thick italian accent, "If I knew that, I'd play the lottery." My friend thought it was kind of rude, but I just thought it was funny. Even a little charming maybe.So back to the table. We sat down and ordered a cheap bottle of Montelpuciano (Holly T - help a girl out with the spelling) and an artichoke appetizer. The owner himslef, mr. lottery, came to open our bottle of wine. For $22 the wine wasn't bad. It was a little warmer than it should have been, but again - $22. The appetizer was great - perfectly sized and perfectly cooked. The Stratchitella (sorry - spelling - i know) was amazing. It was, in fact, perfect and the stuff all other soups only hope to be.The Braciole was cooked with a hard boiled egg in the center, and while it didn't look fantastic, it was. My fish and pasta were really nicely done too. The fish had been seared and had a caramelized crust thing going on. That's what I'm talking about. I asked for the pasta to be finished in the same tomato sauce as the fish and they accommodated the request with no problem.Service was totally efficient. My water glass was never empty - but I did pour the entire bottle of wine. Oh well. It was a busy friday night. I think Mangia will probably be my new go to italian place. I need to try their desserts tho... hmmmm....
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2007,11/12/2007,1299,269,34,9,17>GO TITANS! So the best years of my college life happened here. Got my edumacation on. Graduated with a bachelors in Communications, and a minor in Advertising. Am i putting this degree to good use? Not so much, but it does look nice all framed up on the wall though. =)I don't feel like I got the whole "college experience" since this was more of a commuter school (15 minutes away from home), so I didn't get to do any Revenge of the Nerds panty raids or Animal House frat parties. What i did get are really great lifelong friends and some really fun memories of going to this school. What I don't miss are the 8 am classes, trying to find parking, full semester class loads, and actually getting my ass to school during morning rush hour traffic on the 57 fwy. What I DO miss, are the hot sorority chicks that walk around campus in their tight baby tees and tank tops, and short shorts, lookin' all fine and sexy...makes me wanna just, oh uh..as I was saying...Anyway, sucks that all the recent improvements such as the new buildings and facilities on campus happened long after I graduated, but I'm glad they're constantly improving the campus. I drove by here recently, and was amazed as to how much it's changed. I miss the good ole' days here at CSUF. * sigh *
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2007,11/11/2007,91,228,4,5,4>Besides the fact that it's located in what i call the ghetto of long beach, chicken and waffles?=not a bad combination (especially from Roscoe's)Truthfully, i dont know if it's because i liked the food or if it's because of all the raving about this place that is making me give them a pretty good review, but damn, you dont know what you're missing unless you've dined here.I went here for the first time today after hearing about this place for years...and first off, i'd just like to say that i've finally got the Roscoe's experience, and now i'm officially a part of the cool crowd. With that being said, i ordered what any first timers would have ordered....the infamous Chicken and Waffles with a side of mac and cheese.  And it  is what people have said it to be....it's really good.  the chicken has the right seasoning, i cant quite put my finger on it, but its nothing like KFC or Popeyes. To me, it seemed not as oily (definite plus), yet really crispy and nothing like what you'd get at your average chain fried chicken  fast food establishments.the waffles...lets not get started of the waffles! (i know, it makes me sound like a real fatty writing the review huh?) anyway, the waffles are pretty much amazing.  theres a hint of cinnamon in the batter which adds a really nice taste to it.the mac and cheese was "bomb" in the words or our server, but it was expensive for what it was.  i think they charged us about 4.20 on a single scoop of mac. to drink, we ordered the Eclipse. i think it was something along the line of lemonade, fruit punch and orange juice. sounds like a great blend and it was real pretty. however, i wasnt so fond of it, too sweet for my sweet tooth. Our server's name was Sheryl, and she was really nice and really sweet.  I can't complain about her, being that it was my first time, and that my friend and i wanted to order the same thing, she suggested us order one plate with bigger portions and split it. (in the serving industry, you make more money if you're not this honest! so i definitely admired her for that)I had an overall great first experience and needless to say, i dont think i need to go into details, although i've already described to death  my experience...Don't take my word for it,  do yourself a favor and have yourself some Roscoe's!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,11/10/2007,1095,3855,2,32,34>I've been saving this entry for my 2000th review as a tribute to my late grandfather. I visited Pacific View Memorial Park and Mortuary to finalize the details for the funeral service and I can't commend the staff here enough on their professionalism and support through a really difficult time.Not only were the staff members patient and helpful, but even after the appointment, they were on hand for whatever family members may need to get things done smoothly in the midst of grieving for days leading up to the service.As soon as you enter the building there is an automatic sense of serenity which envelops you. I don't know what it was, but there was just a feeling of calm all over. The meeting rooms all have refreshments so family members who have been there for hours on end can grab a snack or a drink if they so choose. I was very impressed by the little thoughtful gestures that were clearly visible -- and trust me, when you're grieving, every little bit helps!!On the day of the funeral everything was set up and the staff even brought out coffee, water, tissues for the guests during the viewing and then later, as we moved to the grave site, the staff diligently gathered up the flowers and brought everything up to the beautifully set up marquee overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Since most family members were all flustered and stressed out, it really helped that the staff members were on the ball and got everyone settled. The entire thing went so smoothly I couldn't have asked for a better ceremony.Thank you Pacific View for making a heart-wrenchingly difficult time, more tolerable.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2007,11/9/2007,196,316,7,8,8>Came here with the lovely Miss Nina F. for dinner here tonight. And I have to say this about Long Beach: You're a super cool and diverse gem but your lack of parking drives me batsh*t insane and is probably why I'd never live here. That and my parallel parking skills are horrifyingly pathetic.I drove in maddening circles looking for parking before Nina thankfully pointed me to a spot about two blocks down in a weird alley/streetway. The place is pretty cute and felt welcoming and not at all stuffy. Really loved the basket of bread and that yummy tomato paste dipping sauce that it came with. I could have eaten a big bowl of that.I was torn between the gnoccheti tricolore and the tagliatelle amatriciana, wide egg noodles in a tomato sauce with onions and pancetta, but the helpful waiter steered me toward the latter.My pasta was tasty and the pancetta imparted a delicious but delicate bacon flavor to the sauce, which also had a slight, peppery kick. I sampled some of Nina's gnocchi and liked the simple tomato sauce and fluffy little potato dumplings. To finish, we shared a tiramisu and I had coffee. The tiramisu came drizzled with gobs of chocolate syrup, a no-no for me, but I suppose it helped with the slight dryness of the ladyfingers. My favorite tiramisu still goes to Osteria La Buca in L.A., which has captured my heart and stomach. Still, an enjoyable meal and worth coming back to try some more.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,11/8/2007,318,98,25,16,14>Hello.  Hi.  CRACK, RIP, DIP, CHEW, SWALLOW.  WIPERepeat times 50.that was my nightgoodnight.ok....i should write more.I got to enjoy my night with some awesome yelpers last night at this mega loud, full of asian people, boat and net decorated, wax paper covered table, help yourself roll of paper towels fine dining establishment.   Eat(this is a pun, you're supposed to laugh) was gooooood!!  First bag of crustaceans seemed to have gone soooo fast.  Second one...oh man i felt like i was gonna explode.  We ordered the skrimp, crawfeesh and corrrrn(i must have missed the sausage :*( darn).  Spices were perfect, so good in fact that after eating the flesh of the sea creatures, i licked my fingers of extra spicy goodness!  mmmmmm, my mouth waters thinking about it!The fried/battered catfish was also extremely good and moist.  Perfect with their tarter sauce and cajun fries.    Service was pretty good, a bit suprising.  The dude there even put the bib on me!  That was strange.   But thanks dude!!  ok i cant think of anything else to write so i bid you adieubleh
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2007,11/7/2007,0,0,6,6,6>Who DOESN'T like chicken tikki masala?! Vegetarians! Or to be specific, pescatarians ala moi. But I've only been one for like a week, and had been holding back on my craving for chicken ALL day ( I was at Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles earlier....o' painful, painful resistance!!!!)After taking in a first bite into the chicken smothered masala (WHICH WAS DELICIOUS AS I HAD FEARED) I freaked out and asked the ever delightful Teej to trade with me. Me: AAAH! I think this is chicken! Oh no! You must have mine!Teej: *who has already eaten half his masala* Oh no! Sorry! (We trade Masala)Me: *tasting his masala* ...............this is chicken too....Teej: No, it isn't.Me: Yes it is!!!! ( I knew b/c it was totally delicious.)Teej: *takes the piece of meat off the plate*...No, it's fish!Me: Are you sure?Teej: Yes!Me: Fine...*continues to eat it doubtfully*Waitress: Hi there! Sorry, we mixed up your order with the other table. Here's your FISH MASALA!...............Anyway, the fish masala was yummy too, but we all know chicken is better...sigh...good ol' chicken, good ol' steroid induced, deformed, cruelty-un-free chicken! MMmm! The venue was especially pretty at night because of the small quaint streets and soft lighting. We sat outside and the waiter asked if I would be okay because, according to him, "it's cold, and you have no clothes on..." Apparently, a black babydoll tank top and jeans is  considered "no clothes," but I told him I'd be fine and he winks at me and says, "good girl...." Teej finds this hilarious, though I find it mildy creepy. Then later the same waiter comes by to apologize for the earlier mix up of masalas. We said it was no big deal, but just to be sure, the waiter starts to stroke my bare arm, albeit very gently. You know...just for reassurance....right?4 Amazing stars because Natraj has college-town-like-bourgy adorableness, the food is delicious! (Also try the garlic Naan!) And it's truly service with a smile, gentle caress, wink, and borderline-inappropriate comment. I dock only one star for the weird-nasty bathroom. It was a really nice date-place, as was further emphasized by a particular man announcing --- "This is how I ROLL....ROMANTIC STYLE!!!!" Mmm, yes, I think I have a winner! ;o)
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2007,11/6/2007,222,279,16,15,13>Not a foodie destination, but definitely a drinker destination.  9.99 for all you can drink.  C'mon now!  9.99 for AYCD beer.  Skip the mugs...give me tiny drinking glasses.  Kampai!  Where else can sit & drink with friends all night for 9.99?  Where?  Where?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?Even though I might be a foodie to fine dining, I'm a cheap slut when it comes to drinking.All you need is 10 dollars to make me become gravy in your hands... =)
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/16/2011,929,426,10,13,12>My cook refused to give me my food unless I arm-wrestled him, so I had to take him down.  Better luck next time, Bobby Flay.  Nothing comes between me and my grub.  We came here for dinner with some friends on a Saturday night.  Making reservations on Yelp was super easy and in a couple of clicks, I had a reservation at the hottest restaurant at this end of Gardenwalk!We walked in and were seated right away at a booth right by the line to the buffet.  Oh yes...If this was XS or Heat, this would be a premium table reserved for VIPs only.  So now that I was feeling all important and stuff, our server kindly explained the concept to us, which was a buffet-style-everything-is-raw-so-you-have-to-­plate-it-up-and-bring-it-to-the-cooks-when-you're-­ready.  Like Mongolian BBQ, but better selection.  You can pretty much make anything with whatever is available at the buffet.  Salads, pasta, hamburgers, hot dogs, seafood, steak, stir-fry...and the list goes on.  If you don't cook or don't know how to put your food together, you won't really know what you're end up with.  They have a full bar, so if you don't like your food, you can wash it down with a martini.I made myself some chicken chow mein with sezchwan sauce and a cheese burger.  Don't hate.  I still have fat stores from that meal.  Overall, It was decent, but they have so many sauces to choose from.  You just have to pick what sounds good and hope it turns out to your liking.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,4/15/2011,1223,848,14,22,15>My favorite mechanics, Patrick and Michael over at 5-Points 76, sold their business and left my family without a mechanic.  I hold very few people near and dear to my heart.  My family physician (just breaking in a new one after dumping my old HMO beast), my dentist (this won't hurt a bit) and my mechanic.Having a bad one can cost time, money, pain, and a lot of stress.  Yelp helped me find my new mechanic and it was quite easy.  I dropped off my Acura TL at about 3:30pm and let Bill know the issues I was having.  He promised a quick turnaround.  I got a call at 7:15pm telling me the maintenance work I requested was unnecessary.  First of all, a mechanic and business owner is making calls at night??  Unheard of.  Secondly, I asked him to do what I though was scheduled maintenance and he told me checked with Acura and it was not needed for another 50,000 miles.  The rest of the work was done quickly and efficiently.So the guy works hard, does his research and does not rip me off.  Color me satisfied.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,4/14/2011,368,185,11,20,16>Wooowww amazingly good and fresh sushi!My friend chose this place for his bday dinner since he wanted top notch sushi, and I will say we were overall very satisfied and impressed. :) We were able to make reservations at the sushi bar at 7pm on a Friday easily (fewer reservations avail for tables) but I'm really glad we sat at the sushi bar -- it was a completely new and different experience for us that I highly recommend if you want something a little more interactive. The restaurant is quite small though, about the size of someone's living room probably so I think reservations are a must.When it comes to sushi, I really am still a novice learning my way through. I basically know the standard fish, and... that's about it... :X I guess it's never too late to start learning! Luckily my friend knew what to order or else I would've been completely lost and possibly missed out on some great dishes.Sitting at the sushi bar was great although awkward in the beginning since I was so unfamiliar with the process -- there's proper etiquette you should know beforehand (that we of course, quickly had to pick up on).The sushi chef prepares the nigiri pieces for you and places one piece on each plate (a reminder: one order = 2 pieces.. I see now why sushi is so appropriate for dates or couples.. lol)DON'T TOUCH THE PLATE. Leave it there, and place each piece on your small plate.The sushi here isn't served with soy sauce or wasabi, because each piece of nigiri is already seasoned/salted and balanced with the perfect amount of wasabi for the best taste. (it may be disrespectful to ask for soy sauce as well) The wasabi here is REAL wasabi, which they emphasize on their menu (generic 'wasabi' is just green horseradish). It was such a difference tasting the actual thing.. my nose even tingled after each bite and my eyes started to semi well up (and I can handle spicy!) but it's absolutely necessary to have the wasabi!!Each bite of nigiri was PHENOMENAL. The fish was so fresh and flavorful that you really understand why they eat this stuff raw. High quality fish does not need to be dunked into soy sauce.. it would be like drenching your steak in A1, unnecessary if the meat is actually high quality and perfectly seasoned. They also keep the fish at slightly lower than room temperature, not ice cold refrigerated so the texture really stands out.Each slice of fish was also a generous portion, covering over the small ball of rice underneath. You know you're dining at a legit Japanese restaurant when you get more fish than rice. :P Unfortunately I couldn't distinguish some pieces of nigiri because I couldn't thoroughly hear/understand the sushi chef (who of course can barely speak English -- a good thing!) or else I would able to comment on them further.From what I could remember, this was our order.. all were very delicious:a pot of hot green teaMushroom Miso Soup for each -- piping hot and delicious, highly recommend this as a side to your meal.Hamachi (young yellowtail) -- very good, we had two ordersAmberjack (mature yellowtail) - this might've been kind of chewier? Not sure :\Albacore -- so delicious and melts in your mouth! this was my favoriteScallopsSea Urchin Roe -- this is a stretch for newbs.. like me. I tasted the ocean in one bite.. shows how fresh it is! but the texture is too creamy for my taste so I had to pass this over to my friend.Broiled Yellowtail Cheek -- loved how this is broiled and not pan fried, no excess oil added to an already tasty piece of fish!and Black Sesame Ice Cream with Coffee for dessert --  served in a pool of coffee.. which of course means you need to eat your ice cream STAT before it all melts.. that's the only downside to this dessert :\ Otherwise, it was definitely really good and of course different! We wanted to try the green tea flan too but were too stuffed.Our check only came out to $84.50 for the two of us.. a steal if you ask me for the quality of food, ambiance/experience, and excellent service! Now that I'm a little more familiar with sushi, I definitely would come back for an Omakase experience!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/13/2011,596,450,23,23,22>Black Cardamom...say it with me..."cardamom".Sounds good, right?It is good...and a necessity when you make certain things!I would not (for example) consider making a Bloody Mary without two essential ingredients...KetelOne and black cardamom!And I was out of it yesterday!While I wasn't making Bloody's yesterday (more of a scotch day, really), I was making White Bean and Sausage Cassoulet for our Sunday supper (I served it with some of the most delightful breadsticks from Picket Lane Bakery).So very good and savory on a cool beach evening!It just wouldn't have been a decent pot of beans without black cardamom, so off I went to Savory.I went in with just the one spice in mind, and walked out with a bag full of goodies (I was little low on a few things, so why not stock up).I used to do the same thing when we lived in Scottsdale...we were close to a Penzey's store (and while Penzey's is terrific...it's now an hour drive each way from my place...or online order and wait for a few days).So I was delighted to discover this great little spice shop close to home.In the words of one my role models..."Duh...Winning!"Drop by Savory and pick up a little Cumin, some Toasted Onion and Tarragon...all fresh, freshly ground and tasty (unlike the spices in the grocery store) and for less than you'll pay at the good old supermarket, too!Oh, and don't forget the Black Cardamom!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,4/11/2011,386,165,28,15,16>"Dear Father please forgive me for I have sinned. I have broken the 7th commandment...You shall not commit adultery. I have been happily married to Sprinkles for over 6 years. It happened on a lovely Saturday morning where I met Susie at her bakery. She was a typical All-American girl who was very carefree and love to bake using the freshest and finest ingredients. She spoiled me with her Red Velvet cupcake and Peanut Butter Nutty. The cupcake was extremely MOIST and FLUFFY. The frosting was Creamy and Sweet. The Peanut Butter Nutty just melted in your mouth. Susie knew all of my guilty pleasures. And trust me, I have a lot of guilty pleasures. I am torn because my heart belongs to Sprinkles but I LUST for Susie. What should I do Father?" Father replies, "My son, it is okay to have your CUPCAKE and eat it too." AMEN!!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,4/10/2011,461,582,15,27,18>Bloody Orange SaturdayIf you love citrus, this is your time of year. You've gotta check out the blood orange. The Indian blood red color was so rich, some newbies tasters asked me, "Do you know why it is it blood colored?" With a straight face, I said the growers bury bloodied dead animals in the orchards". I think they were sorry they asked.  Actually, nature made them this way.  I went to various vendors, but Arnett Farms is my favorite They're in the second row and always have about 10-20 varieties of fruits, and she has two guys who cut samples the whole time there.  The samples are in a tasting bin with toothpicks and a sneeze guard.  All customers especially little kids LOVE this color and the chance to taste something including bloody oranges.  Not everything is sweet and delicious, but this time of the year the citrus rocks.  The best citrus of the day after tasting samples from about 10 fruit vendors were Nova tangerines, Cal Poly Pomona and Arnett were the only vendor who had it. They're juicy and sweet, with some tang though not seedless. I also bought a pound of their even sweeter  clementines.  The first Gold Nugget tangerines were also on sale, sweet, seedless, juicy, and will get better through the season. I didn't care for the still tangy, seedless satsumas. The tangelos, a grapefruit/y-tangerine parentage was also too tart for me. I like the softball  sized Pommelo's, a drier but less bitter version of grapefruit. Oro Blanco is a grapefruit and pommelo hybrid, is less bitter than a grapefruit and juicier than a pommelo, Arnett also had regular navels, while good can be bought elsewhere much cheaper. The almost mainstream Cara Cara Navel oranges were awesome.  They're pinkish orange, and have richer taste than your typical navels. They're also $2.50 a pound but can be bought cheaper elsewhere.  As mentioned earlier, the Blood Oranges, usually overly acidic. were not this time. For the sweetest, deepest colored flesh, look for the deepest colored skin.  And like all citrus, make sure they're heavy for their size, it'll be juicier.Moving on to other vendors, the other tangerine I really liked was the Kishu tangerine,  They're sold for two weeks and then gone. I forgot the name of the other vendors. it's in the on the same row as the crafts.  They bruise easily so even gourmet places will never carry them. I also loved the fresh squeezed OJ at the Cal Poly Pomona stand.  They're sweeter than they have been all year. A  6 oz. size is $1.00, but the quart is about $4.  They also had Nova tangerines but their price was 10 for a dollar.  My ten weighed about 3 lbs, and would have been $7.50 at Arnett .  It's February, the strawberries are $7-9 dollars a three pack, The quality varied. There were some of the sweeter hard textured Camarosa and also some Seascape varieties, They're both good but I'll wait for the juicier and more fragrant Chandlers in April. This is also a great time of the year for root and leaf crops. Freak people out with a salad of purple and white carrots, red and white striped Chiogga beets and red and green mottled lettuce, and yellow heirloom "Neon lights" variety chard, Many varieties of new potatoes (red, blue, yellow, and russets), sweet potatoes and yams, including taro. There are local heirloom tomatoes available but are hot house grown. One vendor had sugar cane, but it was gone by 11 AM.  One of the bakeries there were selling red velvet mini cakes, about the size of cupcakes, they were $3 each and since I was there at the last hour of the market, sold them for 2  for $5.  They had red velvet heart shaped one layer cakes, too for Valentines. There are several bakeries and several ethnic foods stands,Like others have said, parking sucks. You just have to suck it up.  Better yet get there early, get to the samples and suck them up.  You may get some blood stains on your white shirt if you're not careful.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,4/9/2011,915,683,19,24,25>Remember the end of The Wizard Of Oz after Dorothy returns from somewhere over the rainbow? She is gushing to her family her realization that everything she could ever have wanted was right in her own backyard?That was the feeling I got upon finishing my 1st slice of Rocco's Pizza. I have been all over OC in search of my favorite pizza. Tonys for deep dish, excellent, but we'll leave them in a dif classification all by themselves. Il Dolce Pizzeria, good crust a lil bland though, crappy service and very unfriendly owners caused me to never make a return visit. Pizzeria Ortica with their 300 year old starter dough is also in its own class, served in a formal dining room by a professional wait staff that are dressed to match. Westside Bar and Grill has about the best bar pizza imo. Now we come to good old American pizza parlor pizza. An Americanized version of the Naples original style. Round Table, Papa Johns etc have made millions with their uninspired but mostly edible versions. I prefer the ma n pa shops, the ones that are in every neighborhood throughout the country. I now have found MY current favorite neighborhood pizzeria, less than 3 miles from home. About the most enthusiastic greeting upon entering in memory. Not only cheery but very accommodating too. The $6.99 lunch special (mini pizza, salad, drink) stated that it inc only 2 toppings. I asked how much for a 3rd topping and happy sweet young lady replied, "ah don't worry about it." Oft times mini's can't compare with the normal sizes as they just don't bake up as well. This one was awesome, although I did see a "normal" one and the crust looked much more impressive. Pizza envy? But this crust def still excelled. Nice and chewy, very flavorful crust and fresh toppings. The interior is your basic take-out pizzeria with a few tables and a flat screen, and some beachy pictures making up the interior decor. I felt very comfortable, def enhanced by the super nice employees. Hear that II Dolce?So if/when in the area and in need of some good ol' American Pizzeria style pizza, ya can't go wrong here. I'll def be back, although for evening sustenance I will get it to go as there is no beer/wine. HSYL informed they are considering it, but as she said "it's really expensive." Now there is a really important reason for me to encourage all to come here: so they can afford that license. Auntie Em, there's no place like home.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,4/7/2011,2088,519,9,20,15>Aloha 'OeAs I drive down Main Street USA I always find myself wondering, "Where should we have lunch today?" There are so many places to choose from depending on your mood and budget. The mere idea of narrowing the selection down to one makes my head whirl!...&& here comes Aloha Grill...My Dear Aloha Grill, how I never suggest you since my mother-in-law ALWAYS wants to dine here because of the outside patio. "The kids like to look at all the happenings below," she says. So of course, mama said she wants to go here, so mama gets what she wants! Highlights & Low-lights:*Indoor & Outdoor seating*Staff is a toss up depending on who your server is (but its usually fair)*Adult beverages are usually on point & YES they have alcohol laced "slush puppies" (the famous "Rainbow" is a helping of each flavor)*Food is mediocre to pretty tasty; I never really had a horrible experience*Breakfast isn't the best around (Sugar Shack is around the corner if your looking for better)*Plate presentation is usually on the sloppy side  *FYI-No baby change station in the ladies roomI was VERY tempted to give this place a 3-star rating, BUT I thought about it and I'm here WAYYY to many times & also have my favorite dishes that I can't possibly say this place hasn't grown on me! Sure the crowd can get a bit much && sure the staff is ALRIGHT, but for whatever reason...we keep coming back for more Rainbows, Kona Satay Sticks, the Poisson Cru && a little Patio Action!!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2011,4/6/2011,2141,534,12,20,16>3.5 (Which is NOT bad at all) - They are still really new and have some growing pains to still go through IMO. I've always been a fan and supporter of Haven Gastropub so when I found out these guys were making a taco store, I was excited! Let me break this down for you all short and sweet. Pros:1. They have great beer on tap as well as a large selection of non-alcoholic drinks2. They use super fresh and high quality ingredients to make their tacos (sustainable seafood & meats, organic vegetables, etc.)3. The tacos are good but I would come here for 3 unique ones in particular that are my favorites! The curried paneer, wild mushroom and ghost chili pork. I don't know anywhere else that has these deliciously unique tacos.4. Great homemade tortillas5. They just started a new happy hour!Monday through Friday twice daily from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. to 11 p.m.: $1 off tacos $2 off canned beer $3 off draught beerCons:1. The chips pack some good heat but NEEDS salt2. A bit pricey (I think for the unique tacos I'd definitely go but I'd be hesitant for the others.)3. It's a small space4. Bathroom is blinding white & doesn't have toilet seat covers
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,4/5/2011,2601,1009,16,23,20>I honestly didn't think I'd give this place such a good review. Came here not really knowing what to expect. Havn't really had Chinese Hot Pot before. I love shabu so I figured this would be pretty good. I got the AYCE selection for $20. The first thing you do is choose two different broths. I went with the Miso and Spicy Herbal broths. For my meats and veggies I liked the Miso more and for my tofu I preferred the Spicy Herbal. You get a big list of things to choose from for your items. The meats I kept ordering was the sliced beef and sliced pork. The beef looked to be in amazing quality and very marbled. I couldn't stop eating it. The sauce bar was also another awesome thing because you make it to your liking. I tried 5 different combos before finding something I enjoyed. I know the next time I come here I'll know exactly what to do. The decor inside was very updated and modern. If you like Shabu Shabu don't expect the same but expect some really good food. The service here from Jessica was awesome. She was very attentive and made sure we got everything we needed. This isn't some low budget AYCE place. It's quality food! Recommendation: Sliced beef and sliced pork.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2007,6/5/2007,47,122,4,5,5>George's is our go to lunch place at work if we want to get out of the office and enjoy a sit down lunch with fairly priced, delicious food.  They have a small garden patio area facing Pine that is great if the weather is nice.  Last week when we went it was a little chilly so we declined to sit outside.  Sidebar please.  As we were approaching George's, one of my pals said something like, what's up with this "May Gray?"  May Gray?????  Noooooooooo!!!!  This is the second time I've heard this phrase in the last week and I do NOT accept extending June Gloom one more month.  Not going to happen!  So I plead with all my fellow yelpers to ban this phrase....it is completely ridiculous.  Clouds happen.  We live near the ocean.  Get over it.Ok, back to George's.  One key note about George's, specifically the location on Pine...George, "the George" of George's, is standing at the garden patio entrance ready to greet all his guests.  If you're a chick you're getting a hug from George.  You can try to avoid it, but George is persistent.  It's just easier to go along with it.  To the food.  It's delicious authentic (I think, but I've never been to Greece) Greek food.  I have to talk about the sauce first, since that's my thing.  The tzantziki sauce is wonderful with the perfect amount of cucumber and seasoning to yogurt.  I always order extra on the side.  And the hummus is yummus!  Ok that's lame, but don't hold my bad writing against the hummus.  The grilled meats are tasty and the Greek Salad is always coated with the perfect amount of dressing and the feta melts in your mouth.   The calamari makes for a great appetizer.  If you don't leave this place stuffed to the gills, you've done something wrong.     They also have a free trolley that runs around downtown Long Beach and drops you off right at George's.  We have yet to try this option so I can't speak to the frequency.  And neither could our server, because she really didn't know.  Probably a good option if you have no pesky time constraints, like work or something.  If you do have to drive to George's, there are numerous public parking structures and George's does validate.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,6/3/2007,767,878,6,3,6>We (as Yelpers) came to this place after Agora. It's a small place, that has much to offer in terms of Karaoke Selection, the prices should be a bit more reasonable but eh go figure. We were given the "Barbara Streisand" room to let loose our inhibitions of singing. The ladies got heated from my performances of certain songs...from the pelvic thrustings and hip shaking ;). While the guys well...got a great laugh out of it. Ventilation should be updated in this place otherwise it's a nice place to go especially if your wasted off your ass with alcohol. P.S. Rachael put it down as the Karaoke Queen bringing our singing skills to shame, she should go for American Idol next time *nods*
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2007,6/2/2007,196,316,4,8,5>I can't vouch for any of the other offerings at Kim Tar, but their mi (egg noodle soup) is kickass, owing to the fact that they can chop any of the deliciously barbequed meats right into your bowl of soup. Lord, it's ridiculously good and all mi shops should have BBQ meats!My favorite is the Soy Sauce Chicken Egg Noodle soup ($6). Ga xi dao or soy sauce BBQ chicken is my favorite kind of chicken, so when there's hunks of it floating in my mi, a noodle slurper like me couldn't ask for better. The thin mi noodles here are pretty fantastic - firm, with a crisp bite, but the large mi noodles (banh  lon) are great, too. Ask for both in your bowl, you won't regret it. Make a dipping sauce by scooping a bit of chili lemongrass paste (in a jar on each table) onto a dish and add a few squirts of soy sauce and red vinegar. Dunk the BBQ chicken or duck into that .. I'm practically drooling just thinking about it. My only grumble (other than being 30 miles away from me) is that they don't have their own dau chao quay or crispy breadsticks! Surprising, considering that's THE proper accompaniment to any bowl of mi. Hmph. They're lucky I'm geeky like that and would totally bring my own. And they close at midnight. Awesome. Don't forget, it's cash only!*Update 7/10: Make sure you ask for white meat if you're getting the BBQ'd chicken chopped into your bowl of mi noodle soup, lest you get stuck with the fatty chunks with nary any meat like I did this weekend. Boo.*Update: 3/15/08: KIM TAR STILL HAS A "B" GRADE, woo hoo!!!! P.S. Get the   BBQ'd soy sauce chicken as a side dish to put into your soup. You'll get the good hunks of white meat this way. Unless you like the janky stuff.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2006,5/31/2007,63,164,8,7,8>Attention to detail is probably the thing that stood out most on my recent visit to Disneyland. I hadn't been there since I was about 7 years old. Back then It was pretty fun, but I don't remember much. Just that hanging skeleton on the ceiling in the Haunted Mansion.When I went back it was really fun. I know some people hate this place and think it's "cool" to hate little kids having fun. (It was obvious with all the goths running around trying to ruin everyone's fun.) I thought it was great seeing all the kids faces light up when Goofy came up and high-fived them. You probably would've been just as stoked when your were 8 years old. So get over yourself.  Another great thing about Disneyland? FastPass. It rules all. Swipe it, hang out in the park for a while, grab a bite to eat, go on another ride, whatever. Then go back and hop on the ride. It's awesome, I'm not pissed that I just spent two hours in line to see a 5 minute Star Wars "Motion Ride". Not waiting in line makes every single ride 200% more enjoyable. (It also helps to get there at 8:30am)  I have to give props to the "Imagineers" and crew members for being on top of it. Every square inch of the park was meticulously detailed, from the carved railings and stonework, to the distressed paint, to the types of foliage planted, etc. And I do have to say that I didn't see one employee get pissed off at any screaming 5-year-olds, or brain-dead adults who can't read. I mean, you're here anyway, you might as well have fun I guess.  I feel sorry for all the people who hate Disneyland. Maybe your blackened stone heart will one day shrivel and disintegrate, and your bitter soul will finally succumb, laying to rest in eternal darkness.Have fun!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2006,5/30/2007,74,109,4,8,9>Ay yay yay, by far the best sushi I have had that isn't five billion dollars. I don't miss So Cal, but I miss KOI. (yes, this is a new theme in my reviews. This is why they are "my" reviews."FOOD: fresh, delicious... beautiful, firm and large cuts of sashimi. The sushi chefs have been there for years.. I have been going there for about 8 and the guys don't age. They are not bad looking either. The cooked food is insane too. SHITAKE MUSHROOM CAPS STUFF WITH CRAB: Not Krab, but crab. so like they take this mushroom and they like stuff it chock full of delicious lump crab meat and then they like put a delicate shiso leaf over the crab and then they like lightly batter and fry it. Then finally they slice that juicy baby in half and serve it open on your plate with a little ponzu. ohhhh soooo goood.FRIED FLOUNDER: Yeah, like in little mermaid, but dead, dusted with flour, scored and fried. So what happens when you dust the whole fish and then score it is.. the skin shrinks exposing the beautiful and almost steamed flesh of the fish leaving you with perfectly balanced little bites of crispy skin goodness and warm soft fish. Beautiful. LUNCH: Where else can you get a beautiful enormous and perfectly prepared pork cutlet with miso soup, rice and a salad that kicks the ass of any salad you have had at a sushi place before ... all for $7.95? NO WHERE.ATMOSPHERE: casual, family friendly booths, quiet sushi bar. no one will laugh at you for saying Ed ahhh maaa meyyy. Lot's of round eye customer, but the food is def Japanese. I can say that because I have very round eye.(hey, check out my photos yo)
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2007,5/29/2007,99,102,13,10,9>How do I even attempt to review this place?  Sometimes it's hard to really comprehend what's going on and it can seem a little surreal.  I've been here a couple of times now though, and nearly pee my pants laughing every time.  Last night as we walked in, a Jean Claude VanDamme movie was displayed on the big screen TV while Billy Ray Cyrus welcomed us on the juke box.  Nice!  There are usually a few middle aged Asian ladies lounging around (waiting?), and I've witnessed a really nasty massage session between two of them and an old, retired military coot.  Needless to say, some of the ladies are very, ehem, friendly.  Some of them (all middle-aged mind you) like to dance too.  Suggestively.  They have 2 pool tables which are normally empty.  Most of the other patrons (all middle-aged men) are usually to preoccupied to care about pool.   For being such a crappy dive, they're a little pricey and have an even crappier selection of beer.  Definitely not an all nighter (2 drinks tops), but worth a stop by just for shits and giggles.  It's a little run down and also smells a little bit stale inside.  So why do I keep coming back?  Two words.Stripper pole.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,5/28/2007,38,40,7,8,8>If the harsh world has ruined your ability to enjoy yourself, if you have no imagination, if your inner-child has long sense been gone, this is NOT the place for you. To have fun at Medieval Times, you can't be afraid to yell louder then the person next to you, to eat with your fingers, or to proudly wear a crown upon your head. When I first walked in, I have to say, I really wasn't sure how to take it. The place smelled "like a hamster cage" as, my sister said, which we later realized was the horses. I felt awkward with a huge yellow crown on my head, taking pictures with the "King", and moving out of the way for the "Princess".  Right when I sat down, my mindset changed, I felt like a queen. We had a perfect view over looking the show, high enough to feel special, but not too high to not be able to see. With the heavy metal plate and bowl in front of me, (with a little imagination, and after moving my Aquafina out of the way) I went back in time. My Knight was the Yellow Knight, he looked a little sick, slumped over coughing on the horse, but that didn't stop me from cheering my lungs out. Honestly, I cheered my lungs out, my voice is gone today. I got so into the show, I gasped at every hit and stab, I even let out a scream when my Courageous Yellow Knight fell to the ground, lifeless. But the show went on so I quickly switched Knights and continued to cheer. If I hadn't gotten so into it I doubt I would have had any fun. Besides the show the food was much better then I was expecting and I really enjoyed the dessert with coffee!Here are a few tips:-You don't need to be there an hour and a half before like they say. No more the 45 minutes is needed.-If you don't like Pepsi or Beer, bring your own water.-Don't fashion your hair in any way that can't be worn with a crown.-Try not to have acrylic nails because they act like little shovels while you're trying to eat with your hands.-Bring people who like to laugh.-Use the bathroom before they let you into the show because the line is extremely long afterwards.-Bring a sweater! It's freezing in the show room.-Please if your one of those cynical people, just get drunk.-If you're going to buy anything, bring A LOT of money!-Most important, bring your inner-child and your imagination; leave your self consciousness and manners at the door.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2007,5/27/2007,50,160,3,6,5>fairly new "euro-asian" restaurant in fountain valley. i was a bit confused as to what "euro-asian" was, but after eating here i think it's just a fancy name for more french-inspired food. the outside of the restaurant is less than appealing, with a tacky red and white sign. at least it's easy to spot. the inside, is trendy furniture you're likely to find at the pier 1 "asian" section. lots of room and the seats were comfortable. they even have a VIP room which looked interesting with huge cushioned red chairs and a special VIP menu. the menu is gigantic, both in physical size and content. this is a good thing for people who don't really know what they want, but a bad thing to me since i feel like there are no specialties. i got the 3-combo-plate which was red fried rice (the rice you would get if you ordered a cornish hen anywhere else), 3 jumbo fried shrimp, grilled chicken with a sweet sauce on it and marinated grilled beef. the shrimp were good, but you can't really mess up anything deep fried. the chicken was good, initially but got boring real fast. i tasted the beef and left it untouched after because it was cold and not that great. also comes with a salad with a sweet/sour dressing that i didnt' care for. it became hair on my mr. food-face masterpiece later. =D (9$)my friend got the "pho ap chao" which looked and tasted like pad thai but with thicker noodles, done more in a vietnamese style i think. she liked it and from what i tasted it was good. (8$) we both ordered from the lunch menu, which ranged from 6-12$. the regular menu can go up to 24$ for the fancier items. i don't know about those, tho. i would stick to what's familiar in a place with so much to choose from..service was whatever. they were rather slow, the food didn't come out at the same time and the soda-chanh drink took a while to come out as well. they have a bar but no alcohol license yet. i think the sign outside said they were in the process but no idear on any specific dates. i'm pretty sure they're trying to cater to the trendier asian-fusion crowd but it just didn't work for me. i would come back for lunch someday but wouldn't really go out of my way for it.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,5/26/2007,308,187,2,7,8>"Bentoss...the bento maker!" -- Yeah I can just picture that Mentos jingle on this one.  For those looking to eat at Mitsuwa and find the place too packed to grab lunch, check out Bentoss adjacent to the shopping center.  This recently opened (I went to the grand opening 5/10) takes the place where Super Korokke (read: Croquette) once was next to 7-Eleven.  It's a tiny little food shop specializing in bentos (Japanese box lunch meals) with a few dozen tasty options to select from.Bentoss is actually a popular chain originating from Hokkaido, Japan.  And the moment you step in, you can feel the Japanese influence.  The store reminded me of the small little food shops while i was in Japan - clean, simple and warmly designed interior decors complement the large staff of friendly female Japanese waitresses.  Being that it's newly open, everything is bright and clean here.  For a store this small, I find it surprising they have 4 servers operating the glass front counter.Anyway, the food selection is large.  Nothing out of the ordinary - just simple traditional bento boxes.  I tried the Hamburger Curry and it was pretty good if not much better than what Mitsuwa has to offer in the taste department.  All bentos come with a side of salad and also macaroni salad as well.  My friends tried the chicken cutlet bento and they enjoyed it.The only thing that seems a concern is the rather hefty prices.  With tax, plan to spend from $8-11 for a bento order.  The food portions are a bit small compared to Mitsuwa's.  Oh and they only take cash.  I've only been here once so my review isn't complete.  Perhaps when I try this place out more (I work in walking distance), I will reconsider my review analysis and score.  But so far I think it's a nice alternative to check out.  If they lower their prices by at least $1-2, this might be a great deal.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,5/2/2007,5/24/2007,263,451,21,21,26>I've been waiting awhile to review this place. I've kind of a love/hate relationship with the Queen Mary. I work inside the ship but I don't work for them. I don't get paid by them so my review is unbiased (almost). It's really neat to say I work inside a ship. The QM is comparable to the Titanic except it's bigger and not sunken. I know visitors get confused sometimes but it's crucial to know the difference. You might think I'm joking - I'm not. Trust me on this.For the seasick afflicted, don't worry. You won't heave or ho here. It's permanently docked, surrounded by rocks and, oh yeah, no engine. It's not going to sink, sail away, explode or any other type of boating disaster. To be honest, it does get affected by high or low tide. The only difference you'll see is the gang plank angle being raised or not. That's it. You can leave your pills at home.The ship is a floating antique museum of the Art Deco era. The woods used are beautiful. I think there are about 50+ types. Some even extinct, maybe due to this ship. I've grown to really appreciate the decor and art on this old lady ship. If you're here, visit the art galleries. They house all the different pieces displayed when the QM sailed way back when. It's easy to get lost. The signage is a bit confusing. Quite a few dead ends. Don't panic. Think of it as an adventure maze. If you do get lost, head for the middle and go up!I think the admission price is ridiculous but there are usually coupons in the local Long Beach papers or magazines. Look there first before you come here. Parking is usually easy unless there's some kind of big event. Oh yeah, it's FREE admission after 6pm!One of the best things about the QM is the Champagne Sunday Brunch. It's just like if you're on a cruise ship for the big finale meal at the end of your cruise. It's big, lavish, and lots of good food. Great occasion to bring mom for Mother's Day!One more thing, she is haunted. I swear! I've had an encounter and still get chills!05/24/07 ROTD bonus:I was on the lower B deck late one evening. I got into the small ship elevator by myself. I pushed the button for P deck to go up. Suddenly, it felt like I was going down! Dropping really fast! I heard cables screeching like in the movies with unhappy endings. The screeching grew louder! Then the screeching cables became a woman screaming really really loud! My heart was racing and I was definitely panicking! Just when I was about to scream, the doors opened. *ding* I was still on B deck. I hadn't gone anywhere. Everything was still and quiet. I stepped out and quickly took the stairs up. My heart was racing. My hands were shaking. I had never experienced anything like that! Ever!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,11/5/2007,29,16,15,9,13>I'll let my hair speak for me... (via crappy camera phone pictures in reverse chronological order)SPLITENDS - flickr.com/photos/paulyc…NOT SPLITENDS - flickr.com/photos/paulyc…NOT SPLITENDS - flickr.com/photos/paulyc…Oh.  And.  Christopher and Gina are nice.  And.  The space is cool and comfortable.  And.  I'm pretty sure I heard some LCD Soundsystem.  Which is rad.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,11/4/2007,76,6,29,18,22>Had to downgrade to 3 stars, will explain why when I have the time.10.99 are you out of your mind?!? 10.99 for UNLIMITED meat! Goodbye Mr. Lee's in cerritos. Hello Neul Bom! I can't pronounce the name of this damn place so I'm just going to call it NOOOOOWWWLL BOMB as that's how I picture Koreans saying it. On to my review:Location: The restaurant is close to the intersection of Katella & Beach Blvd. Once you pass Katella going north on Beach Blvd., make a right into the street immediately after the railroad tracks. The restaurant has a small parking lot, but you're able to parallel park along the street.Atmosphere:Ventilation system sucks so you will reek of Korean BBQ. It's a trick they use so that in a couple hours it'll make you sniff your shirt and crave it all over again. Sneaky. Neul Bom is a fairly clean and tidy Korean BBQ joint. Don't come in here expecting to be wow'ed by the decorations because there are none. Fake plants? Awesome. Food:Dukk Bo Sam. That is what I crave day in and day out. Dukk is the rice paper thingamajig. So I guess that makes BO SAM the meat? Upon being seated, you get the option of picking Type A (10.99) or Type B (14.99). Go with the Type A if you love Dukk Bo Sam. After picking Type A, the ladies will plonk some side dishes down on your table. I believe these are called "Banchan" or "Panchan". It's good, but nothing extra ordinary. Then comes the thin meat called "Chadol Baegi". I pronounce it as "Shuttup buddy" really fast. You are now ready to make Dukk Bo Sam. The following is a guide to making this delectable treat. 1.) Cook your meat on the grill2.) While the meat is cooking, take the white rice paper (Dukk) and lay it flat on your plate. 3.) Place a piece of the Daikon radish on top of the rice paper.4.) Check your meat to make sure it's cooked or else you will die. 5.) Once cooked, remove the meat from the grill and place on top of your rice paper/radish concoction. 6.) Fold the rice paper in half using your hands if you're a savage beast like me and proceed to dip into the sesame oil/salt/pepper mixture that they provide for you. You can use your chopsticks if you prefer to be a wannabe clean freak. 7.) After completion, repeat steps 1-6. How does it taste? It is simply incredible. The combination is the perfect blend of salty, tangy, peppery, hot, cold, crunchy, soft. The rice paper's texture is soft, while the daikon provides an excellent crispety crunch. The daikon is also cold and tangy. The meat in conjunction with the sesame oil/pepper/salt sauce provides the perfect contrast to the daikon, yet it works amazingly well together. The most amazing thing is that the meat is of very high quality (not as much fat) compared to other Korean BBQ joints. I'd say the chadol baegi is almost as good as Shik Do Rak's! If you feel that the chadol baegi isn't well seasoned, that's because you're supposed to dip it into the sesame oil mixture. Dukk Bo Sam is what I primarily eat at Neul Bom, along with the panchan (side dishes). The best thing is, the meat is unlimited, so I can stuff my face until I cry. Service: At first, I was a bit perturbed, as the waitresses/ladies looked menacing and cold. It turns out they're really nice once you warm up to them. They'll crack jokes with you in their broken english to which I don't understand but laugh anyways. I find that it's best to press the button at the end of the table instead of calling them or waving at them. Once you press the button, it shows up on a small black screen that the ladies look at and it will inform them which table needs service. The cashier lady always greets us with a smile. Upon use of the button, a lady will approach your table within seconds. The service is fast and efficient. The service is consistent even if a Korean friend doesn't tag along. I've been here over 10 times and there's one lady who has asked me if I was Korean at least 3 times now. She's doin yayo fo sheezy my neezy. Price: 10.99 for Type A. 14.99 for Type B. Type B has more selection of meats/seafood.This place has become my go-to Korean BBQ joint. Earlier, I mentioned Mr. Lee's earlier in my review: yelp.com/biz/qjsU2yfSha1…Basically, Neul Bom is 100x better than Mr. Lee's. The meat at Mr. Lee's is 90% fat and 10% meat. Lame. 10.99 + all-you-can-eat + actual good food = Can't be beat. P.S.Don't you get annoyed when people write reviews of an ethnic restaurant and they don't provide a translation? How the heck am I supposed to know what Ting Ping Pong Pang means? "oh, try the Ding Dong Pik Pong, it's delish!" WTF?!? How am I supposed to order that? I make it an effort to translate for you guys so here it goes:Legend:Chadol Baegi = Thin sliced beef brisketDukk Bo Sam = rice paper with meat and stuffBanchan = Side dishes in little platesNeul Bom = The motherfvckin shit!Mr. Lee's = Weak shit
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,11/2/2007,169,225,21,16,18>Do you want to hear me moan? Do you want to see me suck a bone dry?...wait. Let me try that again. Do YOU want to moan, while sucking a bone and your fingers dry? Or, do you like BBQ?If your answer is yes to any of the questions above, then YOU MUST COME TO THE NAPLES RIB CO. You heard Fran D. say that I took care of his invalid ass this weekend (yelp.com/biz/fSTvHt6wCfZ…). If you're thinking that "taking care" entails me wiping his ass, cooking him chicken soup, or playing with his pickle.... Well ...a lady never tells. Let's just say that it was a well deserved dinner, here at the Naples Rib Co. I ravaged the sweet corn bread in seconds. Note: I was going to say in a jiffy, but Fran made it a point to tell me that it is humanly impossible to do ANYTHING in a jiffy. He obviously has not met my ex-boyfriend. Anyway. The cornbread. Yes. It was good and gone FAST! I ordered the BBQed Baby Back ribs - the Smaller Size. Holy Cow, wait, I mean pig! There was a total of seven wonderfully, meaty ribs.  The BBQ sauce was the perfect tangy-spicy concoction. MMmmm. "Oh. My. God. These are soooooo goooooood!" I kept saying. Over and over and over again! He stared at me in delight because I was enjoying them so much. Aw, how sweet. Wait, maybe he was just getting a kick out of watching me suck them bones dry. Whatever! The dinner dish came with a choice of two sides. I chose the garlic mashed potatoes and the mac n cheese. Garlic mashed taters were awesome and the mac n cheese was ok. I've had better. But all in all it was a great meal. A great meal coupled with great service and great company = a wonderful way to end a tiresome week and an awesome way to start a new one. BBQ + I = beautiful, long lasting relationship.  A well deserved 5 stars for Naples Rib Co.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2007,11/1/2007,113,69,9,7,7>230 Forest Ave. is definitely a not a wiener in Laguna Beach...It's more of a winner in the Laguna Beach dining scene.  Nestled in where else of all places..230 Forest Ave, Laguna Beach ,CA is this small intimate spot, with a pinch of the Snob factor thrown in....  The decor is very modern and  as my sultry companions "Gert"and "Ethel"  commented, it had the vibe of a place you would find in Miami,  "Fred" was amazed he was still in  laid back Laguna Beach.  Upon being shown to your table the you are greeted by some warm bread with an olive type spread that is very good very similar to how Opah does it(Which is in the same group as 230 Forest, and very good I might add) Also like Opah, the menu is like a fold out paper one with a little beef, chicken, fish and pasta thrown in. All the items are creative, presented very nicely, and have a wide array of flavors Dinner entrees run from the high teens to the low 30's...with winds coming from the North--Oh never mind...Anyways I can vouch for the calamari appetizer and the brazed ribs entree, as the calamari was perfectly battered, and the ribs were able to be eaten with a fork and knife with not too much trouble. Again I gotta say they do a great job of presentation here, I saw the fillet and a fish entree that came out of the kitchen that looked awesome as did my Ribs and the Lobster Pasta that my party split.  Service was prompt attentive just as you should expect in a place like this.  The only problem that I have, and this could be a deal breaker for some you.... so If I break your hearts I am sorry....is that tables are extremely close together...So you can literally reach on over and snatch up that last  proscuitto-wrapped Jumbo Prawn from the table next to you.(Dirtbag tip of the review...make sure you are wearing deodorant, people will be that close to you, but you knew that already didn't you...dirtbag)I think this place is best for no more than 4 people, so Its a good romantic spot, or a place to bring your parents to make them think you have "made it ".  If you are in a twosome however try and get a spot in the front patio it is less cramped. 230 Lake Forest gets 4.5 stars with a .5 deduction for the tight spaces...if you happen to be morbidly obese, trust me you will not enjoy it here.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,10/31/2007,300,245,9,8,9>we had the first YOCHH (yelp OC happy hour) here last night... and i'm still in pain. BUT that's my fault, not the fault of the proof bar which turned out to be great. the bartendress was cool as hell, she poured a stiff stiff drink, and my bill only came out to 23 bucks when it was all said and done. We were thinking of checking out a few other places in the area to find our regular spot, but I'm not really sure we need to. happy hour was awesome with half price appetizers and reduced price drinks. the lawyers that were in there initially dispersed pretty quick. and i disagree with greg in that i really like the random erotica that they use to decorate. yes, even the animals/insects do the freaky, greg. nice touch. who knew that santa ana could produce such a place.proof's a good size but their website makes it look a bit bigger than it actually is. i might recommend they advertise their happy hour a bit more, but aside from those little things - the vibe was chill, the music was good, and the company was outstanding. i had a great time. until i passed out. in my car. until 6 in the mornin'.i liked it.. this may be our spot. it got me so drunk that i can't even capitalize.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,10/28/2007,441,176,17,14,12>I have made a decision: F**K world issues! F**K politics, F**K IT ALL! I'm bringing ROSE COLORED GLASSES Back!!! I had an epiphany today as I bit into my fresh glazed crumb donut and had a sip of hot coffee...I am reverting to my days of carefree youth, when I cared mostly about Speed Racer, Kool-Aid and Hot Wheels, when all the shit in the world was going down and I just lived and let live, because it wasn't a part of my world. Yessir, I'm going BACK! Nowadays, all I ever read about is how the war is bad/good, how racist/homophobic this group is, or how gays should/shouldn't marry, or how being Republican/Democrat/Christian/Muslim/Britney sucks...basically everyone's in everyone's bizness and no one keeps their opinion to themselves. So, here's how it is, people: Don't ask my opinion on world views, Republicans, Democrats, religion, sexuality...nothin...because I will just look at you and smile, because these issues don't bother me anymore. I'll just tell you about a fantastic hamburger sandwich that I just ate or maybe even a story about a fish I just caught. See what the magic of Winchell's will do? Ahh super intergalactic enlightenment...Oh, you say I'm ignorant? Well, yes I am, thank you very much...where's my grape Kool-Aid?
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2007,10/27/2007,103,292,3,6,7>Imagine this: It's 100 degrees out and you've just spent 2 hours waiting in line to go on Splash Mountain with several whiny kids in tow. You're nearly out of water and you don't feel like forking over $10 bucks for yet another souvenir water bottle featuring the Disney character of the moment that your kids are just going to chuck into the trash once they get home from vacation.How do you soothe your soul? Head to Adventureland's Bengal BBQ or the little stand in front of the Tiki Tiki Tiki Room to grab a nice, soft, smooth, icy, fruity Dole Pineapple Whip. And for the time being (until the next 2 hour wait for Star Tours), all your problems seem to disappear.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,10/25/2007,161,200,10,6,7>I've conquered practically ALL of the gay bars in Long Beach, but it took me all 8.5 of my [legal] drinking years to finally go to the Suite....what the hell was I waiting for?? This place is RAD. Went there for my friend (and half of Long Beach's friend) Melissa's birfday a couple months ago. *whachow* SO MUCH FUN!! Drinks are crazy strong, crazy cheap and believe this--they brought out the gay man in me! (well, I think the house/techno that was spinning at the end of the night also helped with that) I actually started bustin out my old-skool rave moves. (yes, I did that in the 90's) The dance floor upstairs is pretty big and the dancers....oh the dancers....really, just come on in to experience them--namely Melissa. She really is quite amazing!!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,10/23/2007,0,0,7,8,6>Everyone (in the know) with outstanding warrants and parking tickets are gonna hate me for telling you this: You can actually do community service at Out of the Closet!And the best part about doing 80 hours hard-time at Out of the Closet is that they will assign you the job of the guy who acts as "receiver" in the rear of the store, which basically means you get to go through all the good shit before it hits the shelves.When a friend of mine "did time" here he hooked me up with several Spike Jones ten-inch singles (RCA/Victor), 3 kick-ass Lee Hazlewood records (including the Swedish pressing of Requiem For An Almost Lady) and a vintage "Faster! Pussycat, Kill Kill" One-Sheet.Sure beats doing Seaweed patrol at Bluff Park.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,10/22/2007,303,267,11,8,9>I cant believe it took me so long to try this place! New Favorite!As far as the food goes, we only had the calamari and coconut shrimp. The sauce that the calamari came with was the best thing I've ever had. The outside patio looked really really cute, but when you sit at the bar on Wednesdays (Lucky me!), you have access to all night happy hour.Also, when you sit at the bar, you get to watch inappropriate movies, like Bad Santa, or 60's Japanese Godzilla rip off's. The deal breaker on my 5 star experience, was that the sangria was strong enough to finally get a Long Beach guy to pick up the check. On a non-date at that!My non-date , who is also a neighbor to this place, informed me that there is another Guy who works there that does weird voodoo tricks for patrons as well....Maybe next time.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2008,1/4/2009,164,87,9,10,6>Great pick-up-and-run cheese steak place. I hesitate to elaborate why I'll never eat at their outdoor tables again -- maybe I'll let you read the review of the food first and describe my outdoor dining experience at the end...I ordered the #2 Peppers and Cheese half sandwich. Came piping hot, juicy and chessy! Everything was great. Green peppers, thinly sliced beef meshed perfectly with just the right amount of Provolone cheese. The bread was dripping with the juices and was just the right consistency -- not stale, too mushy or too "bready" for my liking. Thick breads = less meat, cheese and yummy goodness.  The green peppers were accompanied by some small red peppers w/seeds that came already in the sandwich and they were hotter than a muther for me. FYI: Taco Bell mild sauce is pushing the envelope for me on my spicy scale. So I'm sure for you normal folks it's added flavor for y'all while I'm downing my entire Snapple after the 3rd bite.My bf ordered the "The Works" -- which had grilled mushrooms. He said was good -- but for his taste and pocketbook, a little too pricey for $7-8 something.DO NOT GET THE "CHEESE FRIES!" -- See picture I posted. $5 for a box of steak fries and 2 slices of Kraft (maybe even generic brand) "cheese" microwaved on top! Seriously? WTF. For $3 you can get the same order of fries w/o the "cheese." So don't splurge on those. I HIGHLY recommend against it. They've got the original Tasty Kakes too - tastykake.com. Which peaked my sweet tooth, but decided against it since I was in the mood for some fro yo after wards.So back to the reason why I won't be eating outside: There were pigeons -- nasty, disease-carrying, toe-less pigeons! They came right up to us and on our table! Definitely not a dining experience I want to duplicate. I understand this has nothing to do with John's, but we may have been on the pigeons turf and I'd rather get the sandwiches and go instead of being eye-balled by some toe-less pigeons.All in all, I'll be back again and again, but will definitely remember to order the peppers on the side and not eat outdoors! :) BTW, I think the main image is of an different John's...
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2008,1/3/2009,74,129,8,11,10>What's to love about the district lounge??-No cover-Parking is a breeze (and I always seem to find parking right in front)-$6 vodka and cranberry (and let it be known that it's not the cheap no-name vodka) $6 Crown and cokes--damn that's a deal!-tables and booths if you wanna chill-dance floor if you wanna shake that ass-a photo booth to document all the drunken debauchery -clean bathrooms even at 1am-before 10pm they usually have some NBA or NFL game playing-after 10pm, THE best DJ on this side of the OC--he plays all the jamsIt's a good thing that other place got a little to crowded and YOCHH is now at the District Lounge or else I would've never found my new favorite bar.  Yes the place is full of Chapman college students that make me feel old and wish I was back in college, but what-eves that won't stop me from coming here.  The vibe here is very laid back and no one is pretentious.  The bartenders are quick and they make pretty stiff drinks.  I heard the food is also pretty good and they have a cool live band on Friday nights--I will have to check this out very soon.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,1/2/2009,666,796,12,12,12>First impression Their seasoning is a bit salty... We got oysters, wings, Cajun roll, jambalaya, shrimps mild and medium hot cannon ball, some corn, sausage and potatoes.Ok I have to admit I'm a big fan of BC since I'm almost there at least every month this year and as much as I want to avoid comparing it to BC I sadly can't  I think they try to have some more variety with their menu compared to BC and since BC has a very small menu what  more can you expect, they better deliver that menu good!Lets start with the oysters... they are pretty small in my opinion and c'mon why can't you guys shock it properly and it SHOULD BE OFF THE SHELL so the customer could just slurp it off... hate it! Too much work.. those are not clams or mussels ok?Wings- I love em! Nice dry rub crispy and spicy!!! Wohooo!Cajun rolls? Meh... not the biggest fan of it but its decent...Jambalaya- well seasoned but they told us there is no crawfish but there are some crawfish in the jambalaya... I hope they are not leftovers... it's a NO NO for seafoods...And Finally the Shrimps...since they don't have crawfish that night we have to suck it up and deal with shrimps which is totally ok with me... you get more meat! Big shrimps! Bigger than BC that's why I think it's a dollar more compared to BC per pound basis.. but the seasoning is too salty but I like the spices they threw in it... I was scooping it and pouring it over my shrimp...the corn is not sweet, they use big potatoes so it comes in quarters I like the one in BC the cute small round potatoes but I like the sausage they use it softer which means higher fat content? Yum... Over all 3.5 stars...Don't forget some beer...They got some plasma all over the place so you wont get bored... and the place has nice lighting.. don't even bother asking for sweet potato fries.. they don't serve it... As I burp right now I can still taste the seasoning...*I brushed my teeth ok!*I'll put 4 stars cause yelp don't have 3.5 but I'm not a FAN Ok?
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,1/1/2009,479,185,11,7,7>huki laka liki come on you wanna lay me....or rather... the chef behind the counter because the food is pretty tasty at this place.  I came by here awhile ago (I don't know why I didn't leave a review then) but it was a pretty fun experience because one of my coworkers was friends with the owner & hooked us up with a bunch of non-Hawaiian food items like banana nut bread, tacos, etc.  LOL  Needless to say, my experience today was nothing like that because I came without the coworker in hand.  Damn.  Free food always tastes much better!Anyway, today I had the beef bowl sukiyaki style.....uuhhhh suki suki now! I paid $6.95 for it (including tax) so I was pleased to see the big white bowl (not the porcelain one) heading in my direction.  I really liked the sauce that they stir fried with the beef.  The veggies could have sat on the fryer for a few more minutes but other than that I enjoyed my meal.  You also get a free bowl of soup with your meal, if you want.  I omitted that option because hot soup on a hot day don't really go hand in hand.  The cashier was pretty entertaining in a strange sort of way.  I had a bandage on my arm because I had some blood drawn for my annual physical & my friend asked the cashier if they give a heroin addict discount.  The guy didn't laugh like I expected him to.  He just smiled & said "only if your bruise is bigger than mine" & he lifted up his sleeve to show me.  I was a little speechless but just laughed nervously so he doesn't kill me.  Now who could honestly say that they've had an experience like mine there? =)
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,12/31/2008,308,187,4,10,8>If Panda Express actually offered REAL Chinese food, Yu's Garden is what you would probably get.  Then again, that's an unfair comparison 'cause even if the Panda offered authentic Chinese food, they still wouldn't come close to the quality that Yu has to offer.What exactly is real Chinese food you ask?  Go in and see for yourself.  You certainly won't find orange chicken, Kung Pao, General Tsao's or whatever Westernized concoctions we, ironically, perceive as Chinese inside this simple establishment (Check out Jennifer 8's Fortune Cookie Chronicles book for a fascinating look into the cuisine).  Instead, you get lighter, less oily goodies like drunken chicken, sliced chilled bean curd, bamboo shoots, thinly sliced chilled beef, and garlic-sugared broiled pork.   Also worth trying are the "lion's head" meatballs and steamed veggies.  Everything is prepared simple and simply delicious.  Nothing fancy - not too oily, not too heavy on the sauces.  Just classic "home-style" dishes presented on large platters that you pick from behind a glass counter, all teasing you to try.  THIS is real Chinese food. Simple, quick, and good for you.I haven't found anything really at fault with the food and it's especially as hard to pick on when you get a generous 2-item combo for under $7.  And you do get a lot. 3 Items costs about a buck more.  There was so many dishes I wanted to try but per the waitress' recommendation, I shrewdly went with the 2 item meal (you can half 'n' half an item too) and I had to bag the leftovers.  Occasionally we'll order take-out for dinner which is just as good...If ordering your food Panda Express-style isn't your thing, you can also opt for the sit-down menu option where there are even more dishes to order from.  Simply put, Yu's Garden is a a great place for good home-style Chinese food on the cheap.  A tremendous value in taste, quality, and selection.  Add to that an amiable staff (the owner used to work at Nice Time Deli, pre-Korean ownership) who take pride in their food and service makes this a keeper in my books.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/30/2008,97,111,10,12,11>And here is to you, Mrs. Knotts!Jesus loves you more than you will know.God bless you, please Mrs. Knotts!Heaven holds a place for those who fry,Hey, hey, heySitting on a sofa on a Sunday afternoon,when the BF brought back Fried Chicken, Chicken n' Dumplings, coupla biscuits, a slice of apple .. wait .. they screwed up .. ok, Boysenberry pie, and a big cup of Boysenberry Punch. Despite the drive home, the chicken held up and remained moist and delicious. The meat was well seasoned - the skin not too salty, the meat seasoned enough to eat independently from the skin. You know how on breasts and thighs there's that one outer layer of harder meat that is usually discarded by tender lovers (I am one such tenderoni), this time I hardly discarded any shell. Almost 100% of the chicken was tender!The biscuits were oblong shaped and half the size of regular biscuits - which made them easier to pick up (and transport to my mouth). Don't worry, the restaurant did not skimp on the portion. The accompanying gravy was creamy and thick almost to the point of drip-free. In contrast, the Chicken n Dumpling was underwhelming. I prefer mine thinner like chicken soup and not thick like pot pie filling, as this was. The Boysenberry pie .. the filling was too sweet. As for the Boysenberry Punch that everyone raves about, it tasted eerily similar to the Nestle Raspberry ice tea dispensed at Taco  Bell soda machines. According to its website, this restaurant has served over 20 million guests since its start in 1934. You can certainly taste the experience and love that goes into every bite. Focus on the Fried Chicken; it never lies!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,12/29/2008,659,439,3,27,16>In the heart of an Irvine corporate complex exists this charming, very Italian restaurant that is so detached from the corporate, financial sector in which it sits in. To walk in this finely Italian decorated restaurant is to feel like you left Irvine and arrived in Italy. The waiters welcome you with much Italian hospitality and traditional Italian service. Each table is set up with fine wine glasses that make you want to stay and say, "bring out the table wine, bread and olives... I'm going to hang out here for a while and indulge." Aaaahhhhhh...As I dream on and realize my hour lunch is limited, I order the chicken kabob lunch and hold back on ideas of ordering wine. The thought of arriving "three sheets to the wind" back to work would be a bad thing.  Still, if ever I want to experience a great Italian meal like in Italy, I know now I can do so at Tuscany Mediterranee Grill. The Italian dishes are very flavorful and plentiful. I am making this a new lunch spot for myself.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,12/28/2008,859,701,10,14,13>This is where I go for the bulk of my Korean groceries. I know there's a Freshia closer to me, but I haven't checked it out. I go to Arirang. I know I can get good kimbap (meat or veggie), frozen dumplings, marinated meats (bulgogi, galbi), produce, well priced liquor (Beaujolais Nouveau is available now), banchan and a choice of different Korean newpapers (Hangook Ilbo and/or Joong Ahn Ilbo, the papers are not published on Sundays) outside of the supermarket.There's a food court and assorted shops in the supermarket as well, selling items such as shoes, Korean cosmetics and skincare. The only reason this is a 4.5 rating instead of a 5 star rating is due to their parking but if I park farther away it's not bad at all. The tea aisle and the fish section seemed promising, I've made a note to check them out on my next visit.Sure things for me here are meat kimbap and galbi. Don't forget to pass by the area towards the back where there are ladies offering samples. I sampled a vegetable filled dumpling that a lady had just fried from frozen. It was very good and she told me in Korean how to best prepare it. I readily took the bag of frozen dumplings from her. That day there was a promotion - buy two packages of dumplings, get one package of naengmyun free. All the groceries brought home should tide me over well until the next visit.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/27/2008,1224,425,10,9,8>Maybe I'm just lucky, who knows.. but I've never had any trouble making reservations at this place. I even walked up with my friend one time during the morning and we snagged reservations for 6 p.m. dinner. From what I heard that's not common though.The ambience, of course, is awesome! Last week our reservations were for 9 p.m. and we waited patiently for a waterside table for about fifteen minutes. We were seated dead center of the restaurant right by the water. I noticed the passengers in the Pirates ride weren't as energetic at 9:30 p.m. as they were the last time I ate there, around 5 p.m. Some diners might get irritated at the riders' "rowdiness", but personally I had fun returning their wave every once in awhile. Some riders have also shouted silly stuff like, "How's the food?" while you're sitting there staring at an empty table waiting for your chicken gumbo to come out.Never been there for lunch and I've only gotten the surf and turf every time for dinner. They do charge you $5 extra for splitting something, but they're nice about it and give you a heads up on the charge. The filet mignon was melt in your mouth status and the lobster wasn't shabby either. My friend loved their potatoes. He'd also ordered spinach and potatoes as his side dishes, but got steamed veggies and potatoes instead. That was the only flaw of the night.. no biggie.We got the three types of creme brulee for dessert and it was equally yummy and happily all mine since my friend doesn't care much for sweets. The dessert also came with an edible (but extremely hard) little treasure chest filled with perfectly baked cookies. Our server said most people don't eat the treasure chest and just opt to take it as a keepsake. Service was also very attentive.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,12/26/2008,268,881,2,9,8>Once again, thank you fellow Yelpers for introducing me to another great hidden gem. This place is tucked into a small shopping center and is not visible from Sunflower or Bristol. You have to enter the Ross/TJ Maxx parking lot and drive around to find it. When I first walked in, I thought it was a restaurant, not a take out place because it was decorated so nicely and had lit candles and music. You order at the counter. We went on a Saturday evening and it turned out to be happy hour. Happy hour is from 4-6 and all wine and beer is $2. I decided to order the falafel "pita bundle" with the fries and salad and my boyfriend ordered a falafel bowl. We also decided to try some hummus.The hummus was the best I've ever had. George's Greek Cafe is a close second, but this hummus didn't leave a lingering garlic taste and it had fresh peppers inside. I could also easily taste the lemon juice and chickpeas. The pita was pillowy soft.Falafel was good, a little too dense for me though. The fries were AMAZING and so was the salad - love the dressing. I could come here and just gorge on fries and salad. The bowl was so good, lots of beans and rice and fresh vegetables. We really enjoyed our dinner here. The staff (especially the Greek lady) were great and friendly and the food was quality. We'll be back when we're in the SCP area.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,4/16/2009,115,228,3,6,9>I finally ate lunch here and I was skeptical, but yes, this place does actually live up to it's hype.  I ordered a chile relleno (which was the about the size of a banana) and a pork tamale with rice and beans.  They get extra points for allowing you to order boiled, non-refried beans.  The food was delicious and tasted like someone's Mexican grandma cooked it.  The prices are good too...what I got was around $7 and definitely enough for two meals.If you want grilled achiote marinated salmon with roasted corn and grilled cactus relish go to Mariscos Puerto Esperanza in Orange.  This is not upscale, light, contemporary, fresh-mex cuisine...this is old-school, down-home, heavy, stick-to-your-ribs, Mexican food...but done very well.  My only quibble with El Farolito is that the ambiance isn't that great and it's pretty dark inside.  Now I gotta go visit some of the other hidden gems in Old Town Placentia...which incidentally looks a lot like the Mexican border town in the film "Touch of Evil".
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,4/15/2009,30,30,7,10,10>WOW. I'm definitely ok with not eating meat even though I'm an avid carnivore, but a part of me feels like maybe I would be ok with being a vegetarian if all food was like the food at Thuyen Vien.The owner was incredibly friendly! He told us they were going to start selling a vegetarian burrito. I definitely have to go back to try that out.We ordered banana flower tacos, pumpkin curry, and soy "lamb". The lamb was absolutely incredible. I've never tasted fake meat before so I'm going to go ahead and state what my vegetarian friend said, that she usually hates fake meat but she loved it. The soy lamb was so incredible but wasn't that it just tasted like meat, it had the TEXTURE of meat. Seriously. It SHREDDED like meat. Seriously? How did they do that?!?!My vegetarian friend just found one of her new favorite places to eat.TRY THE CHEESECAKE! Vegan cheesecake of amazing. *drooool*
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,4/14/2009,154,299,12,15,14>Wow, Whale Watching AND fishing!So a little while ago, Hazel Q set up a whale of a tail, watching excursion. That was cool, and the skipper of the boat that we were on was really accommodating, as was the rest of the crew.Fast forward to yesterday. Frank K calls me up to tell me we're on for fishing. Different Crew, Different Boat, but an interesting and fun experience none the less. Now I've never been sport fishing in my life. The last time I went fishing, it was at a trout farm out near palm springs. That means that it's trout catching, as those fishies will eat anything. So for my first time, using borrowed tackle, rod and reel, I actually went to catch saltwater fish.Suffice to say, my first few attempts netted nothing (except a whitefish that was a smidge too small to keep). However, when I eventually birds nested my line, hooked a rock on the bottom - which by the way is a big letdown, especially when you think you have a big catch - the crew was there to help out and untangle, cut, break off and get you back up and running in no time.Plus, they'll fillet your catch for you on the boat for a small fee.Also, they cook on board - that breakfast sandwich was pretty good from a guy that was hoisting up an anchor earlier in the day. Prices for onboard food are pretty decent too, I got out of there for $11 for a sammy and 2 beers.All in all, it was pretty cool. We even saw a whale on our trip out, so it was a double bonus.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/13/2009,566,426,19,16,16>I'm going to barf. I'm going to barf because I just overindulged myself on a large plate of deliciously tender, superbly flavorful prime beef.  I was full after the first five or six pieces (the pieces were surprisingly thick and HUGE today), but I just couldn't let the juicy red pieces of meat go to waste!  No way!  So I committed one of the cardinal sins:  GLUTTONY.Yep.  I was so stuffed, I thought I would die, but I still marched on, stuffing piece after delicious piece into my mouth.  Veggies?  Oh, sure!  How could I ignore the fresh, brightly colored chunks of cabbage, spinach, carrots, mushrooms, and whatnot on my plate?  Of course they needed equal consideration!At first, I was kind of miffed because my bowl of rice seemed a bit skimpy, but in retrospect, I'm so glad I got gypped.  I mean, if I had any more rice, I would've had to eat it (my gluttony knows no bounds), and I would feel even more like a whale than I do right now.By the time I had about six pieces left, I just couldn't do it anymore.  Instead of taking it one piece at a time, I just dumped the rest of my meat into the slightly dwindling water, separated the meat into several smaller pieces, threw in my leftover veggies, tossed in the udon noodles, dunked in the rest of my tofu, and let it simmer for awhile.  When the veggies got soft, I just dumped it all into my udon bowl and ate it that way.The BF practically had to roll me out of there.  I didn't leave with a muffin-top. Nope.  I left with an entire donut around my waist - and that was AFTER I decided to suck it in and hold my breath. *sighs*  The other diners (and it was crowded, considering it was 9pm!) must've been whispering to each other about Cathy K, the giant cow.  You are what you eat, Mama always said.Now I'm sitting here trying not to barf up all the yummy goodness I stuffed in my stomach.  I will not! I will not!  It must stay in my stomach where it belongs - forever and ever!*downing two Cokes back to back*Now that I've stuffed myself silly, I'm going to go hibernate for the rest of winter - polar bear style...
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,4/11/2009,587,827,7,11,10>This is our "go-to" spot for Vietnamese food, and judging by the increasing number of customers with each subsequent visit, we aren't the only ones who think the same way. The place is outside the overpriced bubble of Irvine, yet not quite as far of a trek to the unique bustling world that is Westminster.I was never really exposed to Vietnamese food back when I lived and grew up in LA, but now 10 years into living in OC, I can thank my lucky stars that the influence of Little Saigon has had a sublime effect on our diverse, Chinese palates. Several years ago, my wife brought me here based on a prior visit with her friend who lives nearby. We've been regulars ever since.I can never remember any of the official names of all the Vietnamese dishes I've tried, and I don't think I ever will. I'll do the finger and point to the colorful pictures on the oversized, laminated menu. Or I'll simply refer to them as generic nicknames like pho, vermicelli, broken rice, spring rolls, and the such. One thing's for certain, the food sure doesn't taste generic.I've tried all the various types of dishes here, including their known-for broken rice, but the distinct flame-broiled flavor of their grilled meat is one thing I just can't seem to find or duplicate anywhere else. Whether it's BBQ pork, beef, or chicken, it's the oh-so-slight burnt charcoal lingering aftertaste that seems to resonate with my taste buds. Don't miss out on their fried fish cake. Crisp and flaky golden exterior, with pipin' hot fried fish paste interior of goodness. I just can't seem to get enough.Service is always seemingly quick and efficient, with the food arriving at your table fast and furiously, followed up by the topping off your lime-infused ice water when running half empty. Before you know it, your complimentary banana-flavored gelatin dessert arrives. It may be an acquired taste for some, as some say it smells and tastes eerily like nail polish remover. Not to me, I'll happily take your portion and slurp it up.From the moment you set foot inside to when you pay your bill, they are always warm and welcoming, you just feel like you're at friend's and family. The lady who helms the cash register at the front counter where you pay your check has always flashed a wide grin at me. I always leave with the feeling that she's the Vietnamese aunt I never had.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,4/10/2009,559,755,14,19,18>The plan was to meet my parents tonight at Taka Sushi.  Little did we know Taka is closed on Sunday.  After quickly consulting the Yelp iPhone app (love it!) and calling a few places, we found that Full Moon only a few blocks away was open.We weren't expecting much by the looks of the menu.  But what a pleasant surprise!  Everything tasted fresh, the service was very good, and we left full and happy.What did we have?  Let's see...poke salad, tofu salad, two orders of steamed shrimp dumplings, shrimp and vegetable tempura, two orders each of salmon, tuna tataki, red snapper, yellowtail, and giant scallop sushi, crunchy roll, spicy tuna roll, and spider roll.  It was a lot of food.  The price for everything?  $75 for four people before tip!  Amazing...we could easily spend that much for 2 people when we go out for sushi.The highlights for me were the tuna tataki and giant scallop, and really everything was tasty.  I wouldn't mind coming back again!  Solid 3.5 stars rounded up to 4 for the friendly service.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,4/9/2009,210,427,9,16,10>It's the food, stupid.  Okay, I ripped a line from Bill Clinton, but seriously if you go to the Wild Rabbit, go for the food and service not the decor and music. I read up on the Wild Rabbit prior to going and everywhere I read it said "dressy" for attire.  Maybe back in its heyday but not now.  Casual is totally fine.  I saw a guy with a beanie on his head while eating with his parents.  The old review you find when you google that says you are served by waiters in tuxedos, not anymore.  That being said, the service was fantastic.  I will address the decor and music since that was mentioned by previous reviewers.  Even though you go upstairs to enter the restaurant it seriously feels like you fell down the rabbit hole with Alice and into her grandma's French cottage.  At first it was opera type music but then it went to Patsy Cline and Righteous Brothers as it got later.  It was random, but I would place it in the eclectic category.  The booths need a little makeover to feel a little newer perhaps but whatever, the bunny ear shaped napkin in my water glass when I sat down won me over.  Hey, I am a simple girl.  Like Golden Truffle and La Cave, Wild Rabbit is from the Old Newport.  So get over the randomness and enjoy the food.  The bread took a little while to get to us but well worth it since it was freshly baked.  We ordered drinks and the stuffed mushrooms to start.  I knew from the first bite of the mushrooms we were in for a ride of rich, delicious food.  I ordered the Lingo Berry Pork dish and the bf ordered the Beef Wellington.  We ordered salads to go along with the food.  They make their own salad dressings and both were super yummy.  Our server was well informed, had great suggestions and helped us pick the right wine for our dishes.  Turns out he is the head chef.  Everything felt relaxed and the timing was perfect for everything.  Neither of us could finish our food as the portions were generous and the food was definitely rich.A lot of time and effort goes into the food.  I left stuffed and happy.  The only other major oddity is the bathroom.  Because Wild Rabbit is in a strip mall, you use the complex bathroom and it is REALLY bright in there.  My bf said it was the same in the men's bathroom.  My suggestion is go in expecting randomness with the setup but expect very rich and tasty food.  This is not the place to go if you are on a diet.  It is pricey but personally I think it was worth it as the food was "solid" (previous reviewer's word) and the service was great.  I suspect the ownership has changed a few times and seeing that a lot of reviews are scattered in date, give it a try for a romantic dinner.  Especially if you have the Entertainment book coupon, we don't but I am sure that would help the price factor if it is a decider for you.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,4/7/2009,368,185,11,11,13>I truly enjoyed my experience at Taleo last night for these reasons:-$25 restaurant.com certificate that was available (what a GREAT steal)-complimentary chips and salsa; but we also opted for the guacamole. Very fresh, chunky and delicious, just the way I like it!-the cevice was tasty and had a variety of seafood mixed in (shrimp, halibut, scallops, squid, octopus, avocado chunks, etc but yes, the scallops and octopus were teensy tiny :\)-NY Steak Torta -- absolutely divine. Included cheese and avocado (droool) and complimented with a mixed green salad tossed in a light balsamic it tasted like. Thoroughly enjoyed that sandwich. The bf had the carne asada plate with flour tortillas and it was tasty but nothing amazing.-and of course, the Flan! I'll admit, I've never really been a fan of flan but this was really good. a nice, light, not overly sweet dessert to finish off with.Our server was friendly but could have been warmer. I don't usually like awkwardness at the table but he at least made sure our food came out quick and orderly without feeling rushed, which was nice.Honestly, the prices are pretty up there (I'm guessing when you're in the same plaza as Ruth's Chris and Houston's and you're not CPK, you really don't have a choice haha) I was surprised to find that our guacamole came out to $10 for an order. I was probably expecting $5-6 seeing that the chips were free and the portion was rather small, but the meal wouldn't have been complete without it.I'm glad I snatched up another gift certificate for this place, will be back next month :)
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,4/5/2009,380,334,10,15,12>Although I have heard that the one is Santa Ana is nicer, I had a really good time here. The serve was polite and attentive. She also had good recommendations for entrée choices We had the cajun trio - cornmeal fried prawns, grilled chicken andouille sausage, blackened scallop, collard greens, hot pepper-honey sauce as an appetizer.  This was good the andouille sausage is SPICY! And we had three dishes between us the buttermilk fried chicken - collard greens, mashed potatoes, country gravy with andouille sausage. Who doesn't love fried chicken?Shellfish jambalaya - dirty rice, gulf prawns, p.e.i. mussels, manilla clams, smoky seafood broth.Southern meatloaf stack - angus beef, sharp cheddar, mashed potatoes, haricot vert, red wine gravy. This was probably my favorite dish had so much flavor and loved the mashed potatoes. And finally we had the blackberry cheesecake that was really yummy too.  Good portions, good drinks.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,4/4/2009,308,187,3,8,5>Heavenly.  Divine.  Coffee.  That's how good Kean's coffee really is.   I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I do know good coffee when I taste it (and smell it).  Martin Diedrich --yes of Diedrich's Coffee fame -- made a smart move to ditch the corporate coffee empire he created to start up this little small "family-owned" coffee house and the quality speaks for itself.  You'll find him making coffee and chatting up with customers throughout the day.  Dedication at work.Now the coffee - perhaps one of the best, if not the best I've had anywhere.  There's none of that over roasted bitterness you'll find at Starbucks.  The coffee goes down smooth with full aroma and a taste that you'll savor and appreciate.  It's quality you can taste.  The only way you can ruin such a great cup would be your own fault on the sugar/milk management.The interior is very inviting with a feeling of warmth that could only come from a neighborhood coffee shop.  It's too bad this place is always packed but it's understandable...except for those laptop lingerers.  I'd come here way more often if I lived closer by.  Coffee lover or not, do yourself a favor and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2007,8/12/2007,548,730,12,12,10>"You gotta check out the bathroom," my friend is saying. "That's an adventure in and of itself."I barely hear him. In fact, my focus is narrowed on the truly delicious slices of yellowtail carpaccio with soy ginger in front of me. I can't hear or focus on anything else.Earlier on, my buddies and I ordered a bunch of things off of the menu. Sadly, some of the things we ask for (ie eel liver with japanese pepper) aren't available. This irks me enough to want to deduct a star. But my yellowtail arrives, and I shut up.After my yellowtail, a plate of cha-syu is placed in front of me. It has a chili sauce on it, along with fresh green onions and crispy fried onions to accompany it. I  bite into the pork, and I melt. It's perfect - not dry, just enough fat. The onions are crisp and tasty.After this, we get a bowl of fresh tofu with wasabi and shoyu. I dig in, and it's all I can do to keep myself from passing out from how good it is. Only my grandmother on my Korean side has made a dish of tofu this simple and flavorful. The jolt of wasabi perks me up. I'm still hungry.A plate of grilled black sausage with mustard and greens comes next. I savor each bite, contemplating my somewhat Freudian love of this sausage. It's perfect.Next, a magical plate of nigiri. It's amberjack and red snapper, and it's absolutely perfect. No extra shoyu or wasabi needed; the amount already on them as they arrive is just right.My buddy gets her sea bass, and gives me a taste. Again, perfect.My other buddy gets his red snapper with kelp. Flawless.And finally, the capper arrives; o-toro with scallion. We each have two, and I just about die. Nothing should be this buttery, this wonderful, this divine. As I reel in my food coma I finally make the journey to the bathroom, the adventure my friend had described. The hall gets narrow, as if I'm acutally in Japan. The bathroom is a trip; smooth river stones in the sink, a weird red glow around me. The restaurant hours are inexplicably posted on the paper towel dispenser (they sure weren't outside) and there's an extra roll of toilet paper nailed to the door. It is indeed an adventure.I walk out and return to my seat, and the big annoyance of the night sets in (aside from the plethora of unavailable dishes). They forgot to charge us for the o-toro - our bill comes out 30$ extra.I deduct the star mentally and walk out. I'm happy, I'm full, and it sure was a good meal. They just gotta work on that cash register.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,8/11/2007,175,344,8,7,7>My favorite happy hour stop! 1. The decor is a deliciously dark and velvety boudoir chic. The classiness is kept in check by the photographs on the wall. At Christmas time the sparkly lights make my heart sing...please keep them year round! 2. The bartenders are friendly [most of them anyways] and make most excellent drinks for cheap prices. Ask Felix for his bloody mary....3. It's nice to play a game of pool every now and then without having to go to a sports bar. 4. Friday nights and Saturday nights are like dance parties. It can get very crowded but fun. 5. The jukebox is addictive! Bring your dollar bills. There's an ATM next to the jukebox for your convenience. The selection is more than decent. If you don't like the music - you can change it! Throw in an extra 50cents and you can bypass whatever horrible fill-in-the-blank song that drives you up the wall. It happens. ALOT.6. People are friendly - even more so when drunk {*wink*} I've never seen a fight , maybe just some drunken banter and cattiness - but what do you expect at a gay bar??? I end up with 5 new friends by the time I leave. 7. It's a nice place to chill and have a drink with a friend or two when it's quiet.  8. You can dance, if you want to. 9. Ladies - your designer shoes will be appreciated.10. Men - everything about you will be appreciated, er, at least checked out!p.s. they have a cigarette vending machine when you run out or have a drunken nicotine fit.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2007,8/10/2007,67,110,16,1,8>I'm embarrassed to admit that the following conversation has occurred on more than one occasion between me and my hubs:Him: What do you want to do for dinner tonight?Me: IKEA!Yes, with all of the tasty dinner selections in the Costa Mesa area, I choose a furniture store. I'm a sucker for the Ikea restaurant, though There is just something about those Swedish meatballs!We also like the snack bar area...the other day we got 2 hot dogs, a soda and a frozen yogurt cone for  $3. No, the hot dog isn't huge (that's what she said), but it's great for a pre-shopping snack. It's a guilty pleasure, but, dude...Swedish meatballs. Mmmm.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2007,8/9/2007,102,123,6,11,12>My husband and I stumbled into this place under the misconception that we'd have some fish n chips at that divey looking bar called Kelly's.  Wow, were we off base!  The bar was packed with regulars (mostly older and richer with some trophy wives mixed in for good measure).  Everyone was exceptionally friendly- especially the wait staff.  We decided to dive full-on into dinner and were seated at an amazing table almost immediately.  Our waiter was sweet, knowledgeable and obviously a pro.  It was a shame we were so shabby.. he'd be a great memory for some special occasion!I ordered the scallops and my husband ordered the steak.  Both were out of this world!  I was fully blown away that the scallops could be so flavorful, delicate and hearty at the same time.  I've tried ordering them since and none have come close to Kelly's.  Of course,  our expectations of spending oh, about $20 was blown to bits but I think it's pretty close to worth it when your budget and expectations are in order.  We'll definitely be back for a special occasion or two.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2006,8/8/2007,295,228,10,5,4>Honestly, I didn't come here expecting tapas.  I expected to tango.  But I forgot the tu-tu at home, so I settled for the food.Me & Co. ordered the steak skewers (medium rare) and a mango duck quesadilla.  Both B average.  The "wait" staff did just that perfectly ... esp. when Me & Co., Inc. told them to come back at least 4x because we weren't ready for the cow and duck.I did stack up on my alcohol though.  I got a reisling, 2 glasses of pinot gris and a vodka tonic.  The vodka overwhelmed the tonic, but I tend to like things stiff ... yes, even my drinks.My Co., Inc. got 3 or 4 drinks, but I sure wasn't counting.  So, the bill came out close to and just under $100.  Not bad, but next time I expect some tango lessons to be thrown in for free.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2007,8/7/2007,767,878,5,7,7>Wow I guess this place isn't popular with native yelpers. As I approached this "Jungle Book" type of environment, a pair of happy hostesses seated the 3 of us at the bar (Alex; for those the met him at Garden BBQ, Jason my Roommate and myself) for dining. We awaited for our food, and watched the Louisiana vs. Texas A & M game on the tube. Our bartender/waitress Amy, was a wonderful person to cater to our needs. Since it was St. Patrick's Day I felt the need for some drinking, so I tried their special Panama Punch. Which consited of Bacardi 151, some kind of rum, pineapple, and some other stuff. It was decent, and went down well with my order for Fried Shrimp (which I felt was over priced). Jason ordered the Blue Mountain Chicken Sandwich w/ Calamari Appetizers (they enjoyed it I guess) so no complaints there. The total was $68.00, but I tipped Amy well for service so ended up spending $83.00. I'm not cheap when it comes to tips, especially when good service is involved. However if you screw me over then well, I'll be greedier than Scrooge McDuck, word to Ducktales.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2007,8/6/2007,387,319,17,10,13>I never went here as a kid, and I went here for the first time for my friend's 26th birthday.I had my doubts. But it was for a good friend and she got us a group rate, so I decided to go. I was happy to learn they served alcohol at the place to make the whole experience just a little more enjoyable.After spending the day at Disneyland, I'm ready for Dinner and Tournament. We get there early, so we're able to have a bit to drink. But this place is clever and they get your money like this: you MUST buy the glass/cup/goblet/whatever your poison(s) will go in (they call this your souvenir cup). And they're not cheap. My best friend asked for the "non-souvenir cup" and it was just a plastic mug that you couldn't get refilled (and yes, even though we were taking home each and every "non-souvenir cup" we bought, we still called it the "non-souvenir cup.") And then we find out we get two drinks served with our meal. NICE.Needless to say, we all got ROYALLY SMASHED and the show was AWESOME even though our dear yellow knight was cheated by that stupid purple knight. And who knew after the show, they keep one bar open and they have a little club going playing Michael Jackson?Like I've said before, the right people, the right amount of alcohol can always make a night. And that's why they have wenches roaming around with bottles of Patron served in souvenir shot glasses, right?
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,8/5/2007,0,0,5,12,10>Since it appears to some in Los Angeles that Orange County dinning is synonymous with taco's and burgers and not much else, not to dare mention.......South County Shhhhhhh........and what one might get to eat down there, this review is for you.Last evening we had one of the best dining experiences at the Ritz Carlton in Dana Point.On a whim I called ahead, were asked what we were celebrating and I said "Thursday", hell no one knows these days if you are going to make it to Friday anyhow so I say go for it.I'd like to call this our "Noah's Ark" dining adventure as we seemingly had one of every kind of animal.I must first of compliment the reservation staff who were very cordial and requested a window table over looking the big blue pacific.  Upon checking in at Restaurant 162', so named as it sits 162 feet above the ocean the hostess said we have a wonderful table by the window for you.  We sat down in front of a floor to ceiling 14' high window on the world.  Mind you at many places this would transform an ordinary meal into an incredible meal, but here this turned a fantastic meal into one of the best we have ever had...period!Dean was our server, I'd recommend you ask for him, as he took fantastic care of us.We decided to try many things so we shared the following plates.Chef's Creek Washington State Oysters, with the traditional garnish.  These little guys were so plump fresh and delicious, little briny sea treats.Wagyu Beef, Maitake Puree, salad of Mizuma, Alaskan King Crab, topped with a burnt orange vinaigrette.  Absolutely fantastic piece of beef, fresh and delicious crab, and the Maitake mushroom puree was beyond incredible, a perfect earthy compliment to the beef.Sweet Prawn Blood Mary, with avocado and topped with a salad of Micro-greens.  Wonderful plump perfectly cooked gulf prawns in a well balanced and nicely presented cocktail sauce moved with fresh avocados.  A little fresh cracked pepper is the only thing I could have asked for.Then we shared Braised Veal cheeks, main lobster, pearl barley "risotto" crispy Haricot verts with a Shiraz reduction sauce.  I love cheek, meat and this was done perfectly.  They even split the plate for us so we each had a perfect portion of meat and seafood.  The lobster was excellent, the cheek tender, gelatinous and well seasoned plus the Shiraz reduction was in a word "perfect"For dessert we could not pick one thing, so he had 5.  They offer two sizes of most desserts, a $5 size and a $9 size.We had the full portion of the Warm chocolate cake, with whipped cream, dulce de leche ice cream.  As freaking good tasting as it sounds.The sorbet cups.  Raspberry, Passion Fruit and Lemon sorbets with mango coulis and meringue.  Each and every thing on this painter's palate of flavors was superb.Then a small portion of the Warm Lemon Gratin, Grand Marnier, raspberry jelly and vanilla ice cream.  This was good, but had a touch too much Grand Marnier in it leaving a slight alcoholic after taste.Two more plates came:  The white coffee cheesecake with chocolate cookie crust, delightfully light and rich at the same time.Then finally the Pineapple Chocolate tart with spiced chocolate cream, almost made me cry it was so delicious and rich.So recapping, the best view of the Pacific in all of OC, great service, incredible luxurious surroundings, incredible company of my sweet darling wife and plate after plate after plate of sheer goodness and visual artistry is what one can expect from restaurant 162' at the Ritz Carlton Dana Point.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,8/4/2007,10,5,4,3,6>HANDS DOWN, BEST TAQUERIA IN TOWN!!!No joke, dudes.  This place has THE best carne asada burritos and tacos in town, and believe me, I think I've hit every taco joint from Bellflower to the 710.  I like to think of myself as a carne asada connoisseur of sorts.  Their hot sauce is hot and they put it in everything, so don't say I didn't warn you, but damn is it good.Good, friendly service.  Reasonable prices- $1 for a taco?!  Worth every penny!  The food comes up pretty quickly, considering how busy it is.  I'm not a big fan of their chicken, but I know people who swear by it.  Also, I HATE onions.  Like hate them with a passion, and their guacamole has onions in it, but it's so good I eat it anyways.So if you're in the mood for some bad ass mexican food, stop by here.  It's worth the trip- you wont regret it.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2007,8/3/2007,263,451,8,7,8>Aye, pretend I'm scribing this in a Scottish accent. Feel free to read out loud in a Scottish accent!If you're remotely Scottish in any part of your family, come here and look it up! They have a fat book of surnames that you can do some lazy genealogy searching. You can figure out your coat of arms, family motto and all that jazz! If you want more family history, you can buy a certificate detailing your surname. You could be related to royalty! Off with his head! This shop has lots of UK imported goodies like snacks and of course, plaids! You can get your uber cool kilt here! It's a fun place to browse and learn about the UK, specifically Scotland! Aye!3 stars because the service is sometimes iffy. It's located inside the Queen Mary ship, on the Promenade Deck.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2006,12/29/2006,55,120,5,3,6>My Umbros became ZISSOU Addidas courtesy of Buffalo Exchange, and I was finally able to satiate my Puma craving for $20.  My sneaker addiction is always looking for that cheap fix, and the Buffalo Exchange provides.  The clothes, while stylish, still contained that thrift store musk so I could not give into the temptation of also buying clothes.  Nevermind that though, they have beautiful shoes of all types, it's madness.  So fellas, ( and ladies I suppose but I don't put on lady boots) if you happen to be addicted to sneaks then give this place a whirl.  You can justify painting your shoes like I did when that used pair of kicks doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  Hey...anybody know any other place where I can score some cheap shit?
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,12/28/2006,418,67,2,3,5>I was introduced by this place a few years back. It was such a long drive for me just to eat, because it was all the way in Brea. Ever since The Hat installed a chain in my area, I suddenly became a frequent visitor of the pastrami sandwich and roast beef with super helping of greasy fries. This really will hurt your heart and is not for the health conscious individual. This place does not advocate a healthy eating habit and it is designated for you to eat until you collapse and grease up your intestines from 100% cooking Oil! I love this place it is such a sin, it will get high rating because this place will fill your stomach up past the regurgitating stage, and make you comeback! PS. When I eat my greasy fries I dip in 100% mayonnaise, now that's Dutch.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2006,12/27/2006,50,160,1,9,5>this is my favourite place for soontofu. i think it's been there less than a year, and part of a small chain. although indescript on the outside, the inside is very clean, decor is minimal leaving lots of space. the best thing about this tofu village is the service. everyone is really nice and they give you at LEAST ten different ban-chan's (i've gotten more on some occassions). it's all by default, too. the quality of their ban-chan's are excellent, super fresh. there's your usual pickled things, about 4 or 5 of those. i like the chap chae (clear noodles?) and the marinatd mackerel. i always get excited over the ban-chan and eat too much lol. their tofu soup is also really good, fresh and plentiful. they ask whether or not you want the egg in there, which is good because i don't and i've been to places where they crack it w/o asking before i can request that they don't... their other dishes are also good but i mainly order the tofu and the bbq ribs. rice is FREE! and you get to choose green, purple or standard white rice. i've only had purple. it's pretty.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2006,12/26/2006,29,40,6,6,8>Ahhh... The good ole days. In addition to the pizza, the people who own the place and work the counter are soooo super nice. They always used to ask me what my parents do and comment on how they thought my parents must of been proud of me. Even though they had no basis for these comments, it was nice to hear during my rebellious and angst phase. They often had their kids there drawing and doing homework. I wonder what they are doing now... This restaurant epitomizes the American dream.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2006,12/25/2006,19,41,3,6,6>Yes, yes, the name is great, but it's pronounced "Poo-ket"...which is only slightly better.  Now, I'm going to make a bold statement here: Phuket Thai is the best Thai place in Long Beach.  I know, I know.  Long Beach has the biggest Thai population in SoCal except for perhaps Thai Town near Hollywood, and I know you're thinking some place on Anaheim Street or Sunset Boulevard is better.  Let me tell you why you're wrong.  First of all, the service is great.  Service is generally spotty at Thai places, but Phuket Thai is on top of it.  Certainly some of this has to do with the fact that it's on 2nd Street in Belmont Shore, and the clientele there does not put up with any crap--they're the people who are ready to riot in the streets over the price of gas, and then go buy Suburbans.  But I digress.  Second, the food is great.  You can order anything on the menu with confidence that it will be good.  This is rather unusual for a Thai place, because when I think of most of my other favorite Thai places, a list of dishes to avoid comes to mind first.  Here, I can enthusiastically recommend the curry--oh, the green curry is so good--or the beef salad, or the pad thai, or the mushroom thingy dish.  The pad thai is particularly outstanding, in fact, I've never had better.  The meat is of a high quality, especially the chicken--here there is no separating the food on your plate into "choice" and "not-so-choice" morsel piles.  Third, the atmosphere is nice, if you discount (or aren't bothered by) the Belmont Shore crowd.  It's not too noisy, and some actual thought was put into the design of the restaurant interior.  Basically, it's everything that a typical Anaheim Street Thai place is not.  Phuket is a great place to take people who haven't had Thai before.Furthermore, it's on 2nd Street, so you can walk around to get coffee or ice cream or pastries (sort of), or fall into the Gap, or whatever, before driving back to your sad noisy smelly old L.B. apartment in Alamitos Beach.Edit: Reading over this again, I realized I made a sort of self-contradictory statement.  There actually are, in my opinion, better Thai places up in LA, such as Palms Thai.  That said, there are not better Thai places in Long Beach.  QED.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2006,12/24/2006,0,0,12,10,15>Ok- I know what you are thinking. But like my last review- I discovered these people thru a work project.I haven't been arrested since that one time in high school (a bunch of girls, a cashmere sweater... you figure out the rest)Lipstick Bail Bonds is a bunch of women - there are 4 owners - who are former LAPD and decided to open their own company. They are Bail Agents (there's something I learned yesterday: the PC term for Bonds'men')  and they are also Bounty Hunters.Their tagline? "Kiss Jail Goodbye"Here's why I give them a 5 Star. In their interview they said something priceless: "We make the jail experience PLEASANT"  ... yes, they said exactly that. Ok- what does that mean? well, according to them, being women, they 'mother' more. They make sure the perp has a ride HOME or they give him one. They give them a 'kit' for court with papers, dates written down, directions to court. And they drive around in pink vehicles  which they say 'lessen the tension'.And the bounty hunter side- they said they RARELY use violence. They told me males break down doors... they knock first!They told me they actually get thank you notes and gift baskets because their treatment of perps is so considerate. See? inspiring manners to criminals. priceless.Ask Dog the bounty Hunter the last time someone sent him a fruit basket
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2006,12/23/2006,226,256,5,8,8>"Your house?""My house?  WTF are you talking about?  I ain't got food at my house, that's why we eatin' out!"One of the best Thai food I've ever had -- via take out.  I haven't dined in yet but I've had their take out and it has been mouth-watering good.  Best pad thai ($7.25) in Long Beach, possibly L.A. (we'll see ...).  Another dish is to die for is their garlic, pepper chicken ($7.25).  Soaked with juice, sauce and topped with generous fried garlic.  Mmmm mmm.  I can't believe such good food exists.  Ohhh ... for fish lovers, I recommend the lime with trout (whole fish including head, skin, tail, bones, the works!).Rememer, these dishes does not include rice.  You have to pay for that separately - which I find to be ridiculous because I come from a culture who gives you free rice, may even throw it in your face because we are so giving ... but I am not saying Thai ppl aren't giving.  I am just not used to paying for white rice.  I love Thai ppl, please don't beat me.  If take out was bomb-diggity-dizzle ... I bet their dining would be FUCKENLY-AWESOME!***UPDATE 11/4/06***Finally dined in!  This place is Thai fusion, mixed with a sushi bar.  Nice, cozy spot.  I rushed over here from L.A. almost half an hour before it closed.  We called in to beg them to accomodate us if we arrived too late and they were SO friendly about it - told us to just ge there "safe." I ordered their garlic pepper chicken again (of course) and it was delish again.  Their broccoli with spicy peanut sauce over chicken is good too.  But the broccoli is steamed - no flavor.  I'm a huge fan of mango with sticky rice (dessert) but DO NOT order it from here.  It wasn't horrific, but the mango wasn't entirely ripe and the rice wasn't entirely "sticky."  It tasted like soft rice with sugar.  Ehhhh....I still love this place!!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2006,12/22/2006,9,43,3,6,5>When I go to Hole Mole I get the breakfast burrito.  There's ten different flavors/ingredients to choose from, but I'm hooked on the Monterey, which has eggs, sausage, tomato, onion, and cilantro.  Bueno!The prices here are great and the food seems fresh.  The specialty is Mole, which you must try.  The service is good - you won't have to wait very long to get your grease on.  On the negative, the atmosphere inside is somewhat cramped, hot and sweaty, although charmingly decorated.  I either eat outside or get take out.Definately worth trying for your Mexican food needs.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,12/21/2006,268,881,5,9,9>I love this place!! It's defintely unique looking. I have to admit that half of the reason I go here is for the atmosphere. It looks like nothing has changed since it opened, in 1955. And that's what I like so much about it. The food is good too. Don't go expecting something fancy or gourmet, this is home cooking. Order the chicken pie, you can request all white meat for a little bit more. The chicken soup is delicious, really thick and the noodles are wide and soft. The rolls are nothing special, but who cares. My mom has had their fried chicken and liver & onions and said they were both fantastic. You also get dessert with your meal, the pies are good. Don't expect the pie to be warm though, this place doesn't own any microwaves! We always stop at the bakery on the way out and get some macaroons and chocolate chip cookies. We also often get some chicken pies to go and put them in the freezer at home. If I lived closer to this place, I'd probably go every week. If it ever shuts down, I will cry. For real.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2006,12/19/2006,117,137,8,5,7>It was after 1pm on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, and my parents decide they wanna try Roy's in Newport Beach.  Being the geniuses that we are, we don't get directions and decide to head in that general vicinity.  I'm thinking, "hmm, my parents have a lot of faith in my internal map.  Too bad I don't know where the hell I'm going."  As we reach Newport Beach this is how our conversation goes:"OK Robyn, where is it?""What do you mean where is it?  I thought you knew where we were going.""Uh, hello, you're the one driving.""Uh, hello, you're the ones who wanted to eat there.  Call the place, find out where we go from here."--my dad proceeds to call Roy's --"Hello, I was wondering how to get there from so and so area...uh huh...OK.  And what time does lunch end today?  Uh huh...I see.  Thank you."--he turns to my mom and me--"They're closed for lunch and open at 5pm everyday.  I'm hungry.  Find me a place to eat."So here I am, dodging through traffic in a rush to find some acceptable food for my dad, and my mom's making me bust U-ies everywhere.  After getting miserably lost trying to find the restaurant row that she "knows" is there, we see the Cannery.  At this point my dad has already exhausted his backseat driving privileges so I head straight to the restaurant to get grub in his belly.  Thank goodness it was here, and even better, it's a nice place!The outside looks like, well... a cannery.  However, when you enter it's a whole different scene.  Beautifully laid tables, nice marina club feel and decor, and a great outdoor seating area.  I had a dungeness crab melt sandwich, my mom had a lobster roll, and my dad had the Angus burger.  The seafood was OK, but I'd have to say I actually liked the burger the best, which is weird since it's a seafood restaurant.  There was too much mayo in the lobster roll, and my crab melt just wasn't as appealing as it was on the menu.  However, all this was made up for by the service.  Our waitress was on point, and when she wasn't available, the other wait staff was there to pick up.  Overall, a pretty good experience.*addendum for Jehan: the wait staff was very good looking!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,3/1/2011,720,28,31,20,24>Let's get this straight.  I'm no pho virgin.  My family was originally from the northern part of Vietnam, my mama can make a mean broth, and so can my mama's mama. So when I have it, it's pho realz!With that said, I've tried pretty much every pho out there from Pho (insert your desired number) to Pho-(insert your derogatory name ie. Pho Shizzle wth?).  So when I'm looking for just a good ole northern style beef broth, it's pho-king ridiculous.Thang Long is by far not your outta-this-world pho BUT it's decent enough to have me coming back, mainly because 1. they are clean 2. they are fast 3. and they have a FILET MIGNON pho with the most tender cuts of meat served on the side for you.  The broth itself is not so bad.  The portions are generous and they are open til 1 or 2am or so.  For me, a steaming hot bowl of filet mignon pho when you're half buzzed is late night awesomeness.The restaurant is located in the heart of Bolsa so amidst the competition, they have to keep it modern, clean and prices competitive.  Not bad, I say!  IF you are out there looking for traditional pho Bac, try some of the hole in the wall places like Pho 79 (they have two locations), Pho Quang Trung (the one on Westminster Blvd, the other one sucks) and Pho Cali (TOTAL hole in the wall, no service, but awesome pho at a ridiculously low price).All in all, I give this place 3.5 stars.  Since I'm having a good day, we'll just round up; the filet mignon definitely gives it that extra 0.5 stars.  Pho is comforting in every which way, so remember, wherever you go, whenever  you're slurping away, make sure it's pho-bulous!  LOL (ok ok...I'll stop it with the cheese...)
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,2/28/2011,733,1325,10,15,14>I love this place!  My cousin and I decided to start 2011 right with brunch at Cucina Alessa.  We ordered the illegal French toast (get it? b/c it's an Italian place!) as usual, and the uova arrabiata, which was two baked eggs with fontina, parmesan, on garlic foccacia smothered in arrabiata sauce.  We also ordered two bellinis in lieu of the usual mimosas.  Gotta have brunch with a little bubbly, don't you think?  It's nice to have something sweet to go with the savory so I was happy to split it.  We decided to start with the eggs.  It was deliciously decadent with the arrabiata sauce, eggs, and melted cheeses baked on grilled garlic foccacia bread.  Piercing one of the eggs with my fork with the lovely yellow yolk oozing over the tomato sauce and cheese, I felt excited for what I was about to experience.  And what an experience.  Each bite was a luscious, mind-blowing sensation of the tastebuds.  Need I say more?  The potatoes were crispy fried bits of heaven mixed in with slightly sauteed bits of red bell pepper and onions.  The potatoes alone were perfect. But, definitely go here for the French toast.  It is unbelievably delicious with marscapone, bananas, strawberries, and toasted almonds.  It's so good.  The combination of flavors is like a party in my mouth with every satisfying bite.  I've been here both for brunch and dinner and the service is excellent.  Cucina Alessa is on PCH with a small parking lot, so definitely go when you get a chance.  The food and atmosphere are both excellent and I can't recommend it enough.  It's a perfect place to bring a date or meet up with a few friends.  They have an excellent wine selection.  Start out the new year right.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,2/27/2011,659,439,8,13,11>Chicken Maison serves up the ultimate finger lickin' good chicken and the great Mediterranean food. I came here for lunch with my beautiful husband. We had the much talked about spicy, garlic, 1/2 chicken with hummus, rice and pita. What a fine good meal this was?. The 1/2 chicken meal with two sides was portioned right that my husband and I split the meal. Let me just start by saying, "The chicken is absolutely delicious at Chicken Maison." The spicy chicken was packed with spices, onions, and garlic flavor. The chicken was bathed in hot spices, just the way I like it. This moist chicken meal was everything and more. Normally, chicken can be boring, but the wonderful herbs, spices and garlic, transforms this chicken into a HOT sex pot. I really loved this meal. By the end of it, I wanted more.  I also found the rice and hummus too be very good. The rice had a nice broth flavor and came with golden raisins, which was a wonderful compliment to the chicken. I really liked the raisins in the rice. I also liked the hummus, which came with lovely diced tomatoes and tasted superb. The hummus was not smothered in tahini. It was really creme but smoothly textured. My husband and I were in a food race eating this hummus. We both wanted to have the hummus for ourselves that we kept scooping up the hummus with pita bread. It might have been a bad idea to share this notable meal with my hubby... I loved it! This coming week, I am so returning to Chicken Maison, but this time I am getting my own meal and sampling their Greek potato salad and cole slaw, which looks amazing. I overheard other patrons talk about how good the cole slaw is at Chicken Maison. Chicken Maison is a fantastic restaurant and I mean that. This place is packed with a line that extends out the door... but I can see why. The food is excellent. Another thing I like about this place is that they offer ample seating indoors and in the common patio for dining in. I was here on Friday at the lunch hour and was worried I would not be able to get a table. But that was not an issue at all. My hubby and I had many seating options in the large dining area. To good food, service and good company always, fellow yelpers! I think this is my new favorite place for Mediterranean food.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,2/26/2011,346,353,11,12,9>For Japanese Ramen just the way that you like it, there is no place like Shin Sen Gumi in Orange County.  Shin Sen Gumi never disappoints, especially since they like you customize your own ramen!  Too much? Get half!   Noodles are too hard? Get the softer noodles!  Want to add an Egg? Do it!  Want to add corn? Awesome!  My friends and I used to come here when we were still in High School for their anniversary celebration with 99 cent ramen!  Good Ol' Days!  This place is relatively small, and it seems that there is always a wait.  We came in around 11:00AM, only to realize that they don't open until 11:30AM.  However, the waitlist was already outside.  We were joking with each other about how we should still just write our names in anyways.  We didn't.When we came back around 11:31 - there were about 10+ people outside waiting.  Did we regret not writing our names down before? Totally!  Did we rush to write our names down? You betcha!  After about a 10 minute wait, we were finally seated.  (Tip: Regardless of time, just write your name down on the board).  I honestly don't remember their ramen being this expensive before.  But there is a charge for each extra topping on your ramen.  What a total bummer!  Service used to be amazing here!  I remember there was a noodle chef that used to drink with us that we called "Boss!"  I haven't seen him in a while.  He really made a difference in our experience and service here. I miss him.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,2/25/2011,150,550,8,9,9>definitely glad that we checked out this fairly new bar while on a date night out with Justin B, Katie B, Hazel Q, Mike Q, David L, and Frank K haha. after walking down the stairs of what used to be a pool hall, it seems like this place is on the verge of being the next big thing in the Artists Village but at least for now the place wasnt packed on a night where there were lines to get into both Proof and Crosby. that'll probably change really fast if/when they get a full liquor license cuz its beer only for now. they do take credit cards and you may need it if a beer on tap is costing you $8 each haha :( no kitchen or food menu here, but if you need a snack they sell some gourmet peanuts. we opted for a chile pistachio jar for $3 and it was the perfect pairing with my beer.the space itself is really big and lots of seating for bar patrons. a very cool dark yet friendly modern vibe b/c of the long one-piece of wood table in the middle of the place where you can sit with friends or make friends in the process haha. there is a stage set up too but not sure what they use it for b/c at least on the night i was there, nothing in terms of entertainment was happening. just loungey music playing with really limited lighting. i needed to use my phone for extra lighting just to sign my bill haha...overall though this is definitely my new favorite place to check out in downtown Santa Ana. cant wait to see what the Copper Door has in store for us all!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,2/24/2011,767,878,7,11,8>Playing catch up is the name of the game. This review is another one long overdue: My friend Ms. Minty, invited me to check out a Concert Hall series in Henry Segerstrom Hall (Costa Mesa, Ca.) but before the actual show we decided to stop by in here for some dinner. She has better recollection on her end so if you'd like something more in-depth than feel free to view her perspective: (theminty.com/?s=Leatherb…)I've never been and the ambiance was stereotypical Orange County fine dining. Semi-trendy chic decor, seating booths and spreads of tables to divide dining patrons.Gazing upon the menu, since it was my first time it took me a while until I decided what to get:Drinks:-2 Glasses of Red Wine (couldn't recall what Minty and I got)-WaterAppetizers:-1 order of Japanese Hamachi w/ an Avocado blended SorbetEntrees:-1 order of the Maple Leaf Duck Breast w/ Mushroom Risotto developed over Cider Jus and sides of caramelized fruit-1 order of Blackburn Hook and Line Cod w/ Cauliflower Puree, lentils, hints of bacon and potato confitThe Red wine, Minty and I enjoyed it for what it's worth. The Hamachi had some good texture, the avocado/green apple sorbet wasn't necessary (excessive) didn't bring the dish together only looked nice aesthetically. While tasting a bit more Jicama than expected.The Cod (Minty's dish), brought a complete flavor profile. Nice consistency and texture with the puree and potato confit. Lentils, I didn't care too much about, they're like Capers w/ Smoked Salmon to me it's adding more texture but it wasn't necessary for the dish.My duck breast were cooked perfectly. It would have been a perfect clone to a well cooked pork chop. The Risotto in texture reminded me of a fine silky au gratin of potatoes (still tasted nice, but it was different) . The cider jus and caramelized fruit brought it altogether quite nicely.Overall, we spent about $120.00 ($60 per person)  with tax and tip. Service was decent  (but a bit slow, we were in a rush to see the show) and the place sanitary. I haven't been back since September, so maybe they're a lot better? Otherwise, it was a nice meal for my first classical concert show in SoCal.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,2/23/2011,145,516,8,17,13>Every time I say "I think I found my go to sushi joint", I find an even better and more inexpensive place. Ohshima is freaking awesome! Why is Ohshima freaking awesome? Because they clearly define the two types of fish they have one hand that day: 1) the fresh catch from local waters and 2) the fresh catch direct from Japan. Combine that with the excellent price and you have your new go to sushi bar.For first time people to Ohshima, they are very busy and if you get there at 7pm, expect to wait a while before getting seated because the place is small. The omakase is probably the best deal because you get the freshest catch and the fish they serve is only from the fish from Japanese-side of the fish menu. Note this does increase the price significantly (but still very cheap in comparison to other places) but is only way to go.I got to try the following:* Seabream* Gold stripe* Japanese scallop* Bluefin tuna* Sea bass* Seared toro* Spanish mackrel* Pen shell* Cherry salmon* Black cod* Young yellowtail* Pom pone* Albacore belly* Halibut fin with Japanese mint leaf* Oyster* Amber jack* UniOhshima is definitely one of the best sushi joints because of both quality and price in the area. For those all you can eat sushi people, you need to stop going to those (usually) horrid places in terms of quality and try Ohshima because you will get the best quality and for a very reasonable price. Easy 5 star!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/22/2011,438,367,12,18,16>Ok it's time to do an update. Since my first review, I've sold my house and moved around the corner from Tony's. No it wasn't the reason, but a selling point? Maybe. And like a great school, a great pizza place will keep your property value up. How else would you explain 8.4 million people wanting to squeeze in only 305 square miles. It's the New York Pizza, that's why!!! Now Tony's Little Italy, ain't from New York. Don't compare it to your favorite fold in half slice. Chicago style deep dish pizza is it's own food group. It's ok to love both for what they are. Apples and Oranges are both good you know. Maybe the problem is the name. Rather than Chicago style pizza, we should call it Italian Quiche. The crust has more in common with quiche than a NY thin crust. It's thick and buttery and is truly a pie crust about 2 inches high around the sides to hold everything in. The pan that it's cooked in is well greased so it kind of fries the crust so it's a golden brown all around. Now the only problem with calling it Italian Quiche is that you can't imagine Bill Swerski's Superfans sitting around eating something that could give you "anudder heart atteck" and calling that thing a Quiche. Ditka, Da..Bears, Ditka, Da..Quiche. It just doesn't work. So I've been spreading the word and invited a few of my yelping friends (Chris D., Donna D., Chad A., Dan H., and Meg R.) to experience their own heart atteck at Tony's. In my first review I wondered what the difference is between the Deep Dish and the Stuffed Pizza. Their menu reads like it's two different pizzas. I have had people that took my order tell me it was two different pizzas. But I couldn't tell the difference. I thought, I will use this chance to try them side by side. I ordered one of each and Tony himself took my order. Upon ordering he told me they are the same thing. It's a Deep Dish Stuffed Pizza. Good, now I know I'm not going crazy. Went with my favorite the Tony's Special (Sausage, Mushroom, Onion, Green Peppers) and then added Pepperoni to it. 40 minutes later we were chowing down on some amazing pizza. If you have the willpower, I would recommend letting the pizza sit for a few minutes. Like any pie, it needs to settle a bit. We cut some slices right away and the sauce was kind of spilling all over the place a bit. Not that it affected the taste at all, it's just real messy. But by the time we got to the second pizza, everything perfectly held together. Tony's sauce is some of the most flavorful savory sauce you'll ever have. Bold flavors of oregano, basil, with the thickness and tomato flavor of a spaghetti sauce. The key is Parmesan cheese is added into the sauce. Tony's cheese is very rich whole milk mozzarella and there is lot's of it. The pizza is constructed from the bottom up, crust, cheese, toppings then sauce. Because of the long cooking time, the flavors really get to all mix together and the veggies "cook" in the pie, so they aren't raw. I've had time to try a few other things on Tony's menu. Their Italian Beef Sandwich is worth coming here for in itself. The meat is high quality with a peppery flavor. It's sliced thin and served with either it's natural gravy or tomato sauce. The natural gravy is great so I go that route. I also get it with mozzarella melted on top because cheese just makes everything better, it's a proven fact. Their hoagie rolls are nice and soft, but they put them in the pizza oven to heat up the sandwich. The result is a slightly crisp outside that holds up well even with moist fillings. Their meatball parm sub is a good example. While there is plenty of sauce, it doesn't really make the bread fall apart. The meatballs are of course home made and very flavorful. It's one of the best meatball subs around. I still haven't tried the sausage and peppers sub, but you know it has to be great. They will make any of their subs on garlic bread if you want. I tried it once, and it made the bread very soggy. Plus it was almost flavor overkill since they taste great as is. The only draw back to their subs is that they only come in one size, and they aren't cheap. But if you want a $5 footlong type of lunch, then order their pizza bread. It's made on their hoagie rolls with a meat tomato sauce and plenty of melted cheese. It's $4.50 plus .50 for each topping. A great deal because the roll is sliced lengthwise and it's served open faced. So you feel like you are getting 2 sandwiches out of it. If you like Stouffer's French Bread Pizza, then this is for you. But you can't really complain about cost here, because you get what you pay for. Not only quality, but leftovers for a 2nd meal. At our Yelper's vs Food get together we had 7 adults. We could only finish off 13 of the 20 slices. But we all got to have that slice for breakfast the next morning.  Yum breakfast pizza.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,2/21/2011,231,963,9,13,11>What the hell? Why were we here at 7 pm on a Friday and this place was dead? People! Go eat here!!Thanks to my Yelp friends Tim & Rob telling me to come here, you guys are 2 for 2, Mama D's and now this!BF and I came here for dinner tonight and we were beyond impressed! The service was fabulous, the decor was cute, the booths were comfy and the food was amazing!They give you garlic knots for FREE instead of garlic/plain bread. What? Garlic knots are normally an appetizer that costs at least $6...and they were awesome, some of the best we have had!For dinner I got the Pasta Carbonara and BF had the White Margherita pizza that had potato, pancetta & alfredo sauce with the most deliciously perfect non greasy cheese ever. My pasta was super creamy and it absorbed all the pancetta flavor.The portions were large, especially for the price. BF's ordered the "small" pizza which was the size of a large delivery pizza.This place was awesome and we will definitely come back, probably sooner than later - and you should too!!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,2/20/2011,430,297,8,11,11>The last time I had Argentine Empanadas was in Buenos Aires.  It was my first meal in Argentina with my friend-then-husband-now.  Wow, what a great little place.  Less than 10 little tables inside, and a couple outside.    We opt for inside, a bit warm today.Need something to satisfy our hunger.  This was it!We had three Empanadas and a House salad:Criolla Empanadas - WOW  (This is your typical Argentine Empanada).  The filling: ground beef, raisins, green onions, eggs, and some secret spices!  Yummmmm  (This might be my favorite filling)Potato and Cheese empanada - Yum!  This combo is always welcomed in my mouth!The filling: potato, onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and mozzarella cheese.Eggplant empanada - OK.  The filling: fresh eggplant, tomato sauce and Parmesan and mozzarella cheese.AND the empanadas are made to order so when it came out, it was pipin' hot.  Oh, and the crust is sooooooo tender but has got that crispy crunchiness to it.  House salad - goes well with the empanadas!  Mixed greens, pecans, raisins, dried cranberries and cherries, carrots, onions, tomatoes, feta tossed with a vinaigretteService was extra friendly.  She let us sample a couple of their sweets.  We got the pastry filled with dulce de leche.  yummmmmmm.  oh, I am in love.Anyway, it brought back some good memories of Buenos Aires.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,9/10/2012,412,769,32,47,39>Wazzzzzuuuuuuuuup Men?This new ramen joint is next door to Pieology.  Walk in the door and get greeted by the entire staff.  Everybody working here is extremely friendly and they handle the lunch time madness perfectly.  There are both tables and a long counter to sit at.  Cash and credit card taken.I ordered the Aka ramen(Spicy Miso) which came with chashu, sprouts, bamboo shoots, green onion, and ramen.  I was a bit disappointed it didn't come with egg, seaweed, fishcake, and ginger like the picture but I overheard our waitress say the lunch combo doesn't come with as many toppings.  Still, for $7.99 you get a huge bowl of ramen with a choice of 4 broths and a choice of 7 side dishes.  I got the chashu bowl as my side and added the pork to my ramen.  My friend had the gyoza which looked perfectly cooked.  yelp.com/biz_photos/SE2v…The broth tasted like tonkatsu pork based broth which was rich and tasty.  The spicy miso added a nice zing to it.  Chashu wasn't the best I've had but it was very tender and had a good flavor.  Noodles were bountiful and cooked on the soft side.  yelp.com/biz_photos/SE2v…We totally enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/9/2012,564,221,14,19,15>(3000th reviewer o_O)I love this place!!My favorites are taro swirl, sea cream jasmine tea, almond butter brioche, and the pound cake. Honestly, all of the stuff I have tried here are either just good or delicious! Just go with your instinct and pick out what you think looks good and you'll most likely love it. The price ranges from $1-$4 per pastries a little steep for breads, but the quality is amazing! The cakes are nicely decorated but I heard they're not all that great. Stick with the drinks and bakery stuff.The only bad thing is the line, but it actually goes by pretty quick. They also have umbrellas up so you don't have to wait in the sun. It's a good place to stop by if you're eating or drinking around the plaza.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,9/8/2012,65,449,41,17,13>Stand up paddle boarding.  Admit it.  It looks so much cooler than kayaking.  And it is.  Once you get the technique down, it's actually a breeze. Most of your energy goes into balancing on the board, at least for me, which is a minor feat at best.  And technique is what you'll need to keep pace with the high school chicks in neon bikinis in front of you.  You pervert.If you have friends visiting from areas where sunshine is a limited commodity, take them here to bask in their jealousy of you living in Southern California.  Seriously.  On a clear day, you can see the mountains of Angeles Crest.  And if it's cold enough, you can see other types of peaks.  You pervert.If you've been a long time resident in SC and never done this, consider yourself a long time tourist until you do.  Stand up and paddle that board, son.  And stop staring at your cousin Brittany's top.  You two are blood relatives.  You pervert.Be sure to bring cash and keep in mind that parking is a 'female dog'.  You know what I mean.  No, not that.  You pervert.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,9/7/2012,851,292,15,21,22>Here is what you need to know about this little mom and pop GEM of a donut shop...The Donuttery is hands down, one of the BEST donut shops, if not the BEST in Huntington Beach. I may even add probably within the Orange County lines.No long lines like at some other donut shops.....and BIG BONUS.....WARM HOT donuts can be had for your enjoyment!Always before you settle on what you order, ask for what is fresh and hot - if it suits your fancy, probably try it....you will probably like it!The standard donuts faire are available for the taking, but you come here for the off beat flavors like blueberry, strawberry, apple, and red velvet - you won't regret it!I have even tried the bacon maple bar....the mixture of the salty taste of bacon and the sweetness of the maple along the donut  - can you spell DONUT HEAVEN!Also one of the most enjoyable times I ever visited this establishment was when 2 young Asian ladies, no older than 10 years old served us up some FRESH donuts....they were SO CUTE....I ended up tipping them for just serving us.If I am in the area.....I wil treat myself.....Five Yelp Stars!=)
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,9/6/2012,623,606,5,22,10>Oh my goodness, such polarizing reviews.  I count my lucky stars that I had such a great experience here.  We made (late) lunch reservations for 2:40PM on Monday 6/18 following the restaurant's grand opening to the public (on 6/15).  We checked in with the host right at 2:40PM (we arrived earlier but wanted to check out the Pixar Parade as it made it's way through Buena Vista Street) and was told to wait for someone to get us when the table was ready.  I had time to chat up our server in the lounge area (Mitch).  I lamented over the menu's limited vodka choices and Mitch asked if I wanted to try something sweet and if I wanted to trust him.  Cut to a Pimm's Punch arriving at our table in a few short minutes and me downing the drink in even less minutes.  I am surely and quickly turning into a gin fan again.Not long after this we were greeted by someone who told us our table was ready, she took us up the stairs and even offered to hold my drink for me.  We were seated and greeted by our server Cory almost immediately.  We mulled over the menu, asked him for his advice and ordered: the ceviche and the homemade biscuits to share, my friend had the veal and I had the lamb rollitini.  I enjoyed every bite of my meal and paired my entree with the Silverado Cabernet.  I would most definitely order each of these dishes again.Not being ones to turn down dessert (despite the fact that I intended to end my day at Disneyland with a churro, cotton candy or popcorn), we also ordered the lemon pound cake and a pot of the Shanghai Rose tea.  Divine.I honestly do not have one complaint about the food, the service or pacing of our meal.  I've dined at the Blue Bayou, the ever-so-exclusive Club 33, Steakhouse 55 and Napa Rose (although technically Steakhouse 55 and the Napa Rose aren't in-park dining).  With each of these restaurants you are truly transported to a different place, far from parades and tourists and strollers.  However, there is still an underlying current of true Disney spirit and charm for each place and the Carthay Circle does not disappoint.  It is also now my number one place to dine (and wine) in-park.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/4/2012,504,590,19,16,14>After having dinner here i came out not feeling it was GREAT or horrible, just very average, then i remembered all the other horrible korean places around here and realized how hard it is to get an "average" korean dinner around here so BOOM 4 STARS HERE IT ISi got the tofu soup (beef), it was around 10 bucks or so, i got medium or was it spicy? i forgot but either way it was perfect, comes the tofu soup was great, had everything I expected and nothing i didn't want. the sides were good, i really like the potatoes, they were BOMB, i had 3 plates i think. service was good the staff is very attentive (though their english is pretty bad but hey who cares if they're nice!) i definitely would come back here again when I'm craving some good korean food instead of that bcd dog crap.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,9/3/2012,1315,252,22,33,28>My guess is that only a handful of things could taste as good as bacon or pork belly grilled to a golden-brown crisp and lightly seasoned with salt. Meat layered with fat gives you this incredible texture and flavor. And Koreans are certainly no strangers to the preparation and enjoyment of pork belly.So, if you are looking for a great place to enjoy pork belly, Wako Honey Pig would have to be my recommended choice. They are famous for their signature meat dish - samgyeopsal (unseasoned pork belly). The quality and freshness of the meat here is unmatched. High graded meat imported from South Korea, the samgyeopsal is always very flavorful, juicy and tender.The samgyeopsal (pronunciation: sahm gyup salr) is layered evenly on the grill, along with some ripen kimchi and lightly marinated soybean sprouts. The server will come by to turnover the meat when it darkens and turns crispy. When the other side also turns golden-brown, you know it is ready to eat. Diners are to do most of the grilling and eat the meat right off the grill.The kimchi and sprouts take a bit longer to cook on the low heat grill. I enjoy dabbing the samgyeopsal in the sesame oil and coarse salt dip and then eatting it with the kimchi and sprouts. You can also make tapas out of them by putting a piece of meat, along with some scallions, sliced jalapeno pepper, garlic and the hot chili soybean paste on either the rice wrap or daikon radish wrap. It is delicious anyway you eat it.Finally, the server will bring out some rice, chopped red-leaf lettuce and some hot chili paste and cover any leftover meat, sprouts and kimchi with it. Some sesame oil gets doused on there and it is all then stirred fried into a yummy fried rice that you just eat right off the grill with your spoon.Service is fast and friendly. The grills get replaced when the server notices the meat sticking too much as to not char and the oils from its fat billowing out too much smoke. Glasses often get refilled with ice water without having to ask. They try their best to be attentive even when busy (and they are usually very busy). If you have to get their attention, they are generally quick to accommodate you and ask if you need anything.I have only tried their black pig pork belly, $17.99 per person. The black pig is very popular in Korea and Japan because it is suppose to have a cleaner taste and be more tender. Other pork belly dishes, as well as their beef brisket and rib options, ranges in price from $17.99 to $26.99.A family favorite, Wako Honey Pig is often the first place that comes to mind for people in Orange County and Los Angeles (there is also a location in LA) who want to enjoy samgyeopsal. This is because few can match its quality and taste.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,9/2/2012,302,356,12,13,11>Bf and his buddies wanted to meet up for munchies and drinks and I immediately thought of trying this place. Things we tried:Proscuitto waffle: Good portion of meat, nice mustard!Chicken waffle: Very good, crisp chicken, lots of nice texture and flavor contrast with the slaw and sweet syrup.Waffle fries: Hearty portion, hot and straight out of the fryer. The garlic aioli was more of a ranch dressing consistency, but man it was really good and better than ranch. Dessert waffle with fruit, nutella, and ice cream: Fresh strawberries and banana on top of a waffle with ice cream and side of nutella, how can you go wrong?! The waffles here are really big in size, belgian with lots of nooks and crannies and delightfully light and crispy. You can definitely be satisfied eating one with a few waffle fries on the side. BEER: TONS of selection, everything on Draft! Anything you can think of from Lost Coast, Stone, Bruery, and my bf's fave, Taps. Our friend who does a little home brewing went to town with the selection.The staff is really friendly and one of the owners let us know the previous issues of not so crisp waffles was due to equipment and fixed...they were indeed crispy! Lowdown: Great place to go and get some craft beers and delicious food - open later than most places too. Better yet, staff is nice and willing to please. Places like these make me happy I live in Costa Mesa,  I'll be back!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,8/31/2012,1078,989,9,11,10>Sooooo close to a 5 star as all the other locations have done, but just not quite ... yet. However, that isn't to say that this location is bad by any means, it's just new is all. BIBSSo i hear that the servers are not allowed to carry bibs in their aprons because they are an eyesore. Well...the gigantic STAIN on my and my friends' shirts is more of an eyesore, and a bitch to get out. Please BC, let your servers carry the bibs with them so that the servers are not running around this gigantic BC getting bibs in between drinks and bags full of shabang goodness. CORNI don't know why, but the corn here is freaking amazing. Shabang medium is so spicy but so delicious. CRABVery good. I really liked the crab and it didn't take long to come out. CRAWFISH and SHRIMPReview to be determined again at a later date [like next week]. Right now, they are below par what I know BC usually delivers. I will come back next week to see what improvements have been made. Note: Get the shrimp and crawfish in DIFFERENT bags. I've been eating BC for years but i can't remember a time where i combined the two into one bag. The sauce was lacking and both the shrimp and crawfish were not as juicy as I like.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/30/2012,929,426,26,28,27>This place is called Healthy Junk, but they should just call it Fake Junk.  I came here on a whim with some friends for dinner the other night and I must say, I'm quite impressed.  First off, their meat is fake.  If it says beef, chicken, or bacon, it's some weird vegetarian blend of something to make it taste like the real thing, but being a fan of fake meat, I'm all for it.  You can also get their fresh juices they press right in front of you and you can make your own blend.  I've developed an affinity towards vegan food and I used to go to Native Foods all the time.  I'd say this place is even better and their food is way more flavorful.The Mighty Kale salad is mighty tasty.  I love how they load it with quinoa and other veggies.  Seriously, a solid salad and if you love kale, you'll love this.  They substitute the dressing with olive oil, so the taste of the ingredients really comes through.  You get the crunch from the kale and the bite from the quinoa with the flavor of the oil.  I really liked this salad.The Mango Tango salad was also very good.  They load up this salad with mangos and sweet dressing, it's delicious, but a bit on the sweeter side.  If you don't like sweet salad, I'd go with something else.  You'll see in the pics that I uploaded - they've definitely cut their portion sizes, which is a bummer.The Grilled Cheese was amazing too.  It's fake cheese, so it doesn't get all gooey and melty, but the flavor is good and they toast and season their bread.  The fries are crispy and perfectly salty.  Try the KALE CHIPS!  If you've never had them, they're doused in olive oil, lightly salted, and baked to a crisp!  This tastes like a guilty pleasure, but it's good for you.  SO addicting...no joke.  Although, they do sometimes tend to oversalt them, I would ask them to go lighter on the salt.I think my favorite was the ANAHEIM CHILI BURGER.  Wow...just look at the picture.  They fry that piece of chili and put it on top of their fake burger patty (that tastes like beef) and some fake cheese (that tastes like cheese) and put some real lettuce and tomato on it.  This thing is pretty huge and very tasty.  If you don't try this burger, you're missing out!I think overall, I really like this place and can't wait to come back for more good eats!  I don't know if it's necessarily "healthy," but probably better than eating a quarter pounder with cheese.  Being a diet/health nut, you're probably not going to cut too many calories eating here (but you can definitely think that if you'd like).  You'll certainly leave there satisfied.  The food takes FOREVER to come out (but it seems like they're getting better). Call ahead and order if you can. Be prepared to wait a while for your order (even if you're the only customer).  I don't know what they're doing...maybe growing soybean crops in the back so they can pound it into tofu. *Note, if anyone reviews this place and knocks them for having fake meat, I'm gonna lose it.*  It's FAKE MEAT people!!  Get over it.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/11/2014,166,222,20,27,21>Armed with water & granola bars, I was prepared to wait. The bestie and I agreed that when we put in our name and if the wait exceeded 2 hrs, we would leave. After 25min, the hostess at the front told us the wait was between 1.5-2hrs! We walked around the mall and 1hr40min later we got THE text and I was over the moon!Interior is very classy and we were seated quickly. We ordered Pork Xiao Long Bao ($9.50 for 10pcs), the Vegetarian Dumplings ($9 for 10), and the Shrimp & Pork Wontons with Spicy Sauce ($9.50 for 8-10pcs).The Pork XLB's are what DTF is known for and they were exactly as they should be-- delicious! The dumpling skin is the perfect thickness so the broth (very flavorful) stays inside until you bite into it! Vegetarian dumplings were also very good and has a mixture of tofu, veggies, mushrooms-- a delicious option for those looking for something healthier. The wontons in the spicy sauce surprised me as it was my first time trying them at DTF. The spicy sauce alone is a must try. It's not very spicy but is tangy, sweet, salty, garlicy, with a bit of heat-- sweeter than other chili oil sauces but excellent, could pour this on almost everything!For it being the 2nd day they were open, I think the staff handled everything very well! Our server, Andrew, was nice and very attentive. Things were organized & went smoothly considering the constant rush. The wait does seem absurd but when I was at the Arcadia location it was 1.5hrs as well and that's been around for years! So at least at this location you can kill time in a really nice mall & there's plenty of parking (and it's so close to me that I don't have to worry about driving time, traffic, etc!)
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/10/2014,511,102,30,34,32>Did you just call me a 41-year old virgin? Not so fast...I lost my virginity this past weekend and I lost it to Ngu Binh!I can't believe it's taken me this long to try BUN BO HUE, a beef noodle soup that originated from the city of Hue in central Vietnam. This noodle soup dish consists of round rice noodles, thin slices of beef, a piece of fish cake, a piece of coagulated pig's blood, and a pig's foot, topped with onions & cilantro. The broth was slightly spicy and extremely flavorful. Whether Ngu Binh makes the best Bun Bo Hue in the area I couldn't tell you because this was my first time and I have nothing to compare it to, but I loved it and can't wait to go back! (5 stars)I ordered the regular size, my sister and her friend both ordered the large which comes with an extra piece of fish cake and an extra piece of pig's blood. We love pig's blood so much that we ordered an extra side of it. I don't mind pig's feet, but it's a bit on the fatty side so I think next time I'll ask them if I can swap it for pig's blood instead.Similar to Pho, Bun Bo Hue comes with a side plate of veggies. But along with bean sprouts, herbs and lime, you are also given a pile of this thin, curly, purplish vegetable. It's not something I've seen or had before but I looked it up online and I believe it to be banana blossom that's been thinly sliced. Whatever it was, it was good, and I piled on as much as I could.We also ordered BANH IT RAM which the 3 of us shared. It's basically a glutinous rice dumpling where the bottom half is deep fried and the top half is stuffed with dried shrimp and steamed. One order comes with 4 pieces and the dumplings are huge! You then dip the dumpling in fish sauce when eating. The bottom half was extremely oily and the top half lacked flavor. Overall it was A-OK but I don't know that I would order it again. (3 stars)Service was great! The waiters don't speak much English though.*CASH ONLY*
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,10/9/2014,442,290,24,29,26>"You want it bloody?"That's what the kid behind the counter asked when I ordered my G Fire Burger ($9) medium rare. "Yeah, sure," I said, pleasantly surprised that G Burger was willing to go there. But then again, why wouldn't they? If their burgers are indeed made from 100% certified grain-fed, hormone-free Angus Beef, as their website proudly states, then a bloody burger should not only be completely safe to eat but sure to satisfy that carnivorous craving in me.As it turns out, my burger showed up a little closer to medium than medium rare -- far from the anticipated bloody but pink enough. My bigger complaint is that the meat, while quite succulent, was a bit on the bland side. This, unfortunately, happens at far too many burger parlors. When are they going to get that you can't just slap the patty down on the grill and walk away? You need to season that puppy!As for whether the burger deserves the "fire" moniker, I guess so. The chili peppers did produce a respectable burn, but the burger was not as spicy as some of the reviewers (ahem, Curtis C.) would have you think. Basically, if you can handle Sriracha, then you can handle the G Fire Burger. Notwithstanding, I thought the burger was delicious. And it is, without a doubt, a better and spicier burger than the Habanero Burger ($6.25) at Mick's Karma Bar, also in Irvine. Sure, the G Fire Burger is pricier, but it's also more satisfying to this burger hound and chili-head. As for the fries ($2.50), they were greasy but addicting. Darker in color than your typical fries, it appears like they may have been double fried.So the next time the kid behind the counter asks if I want it bloody, I'm just going to give him my best Vincent Vega impression: "Bloody as hell." Maybe that'll do the trick.3 1/2 starsP.S. After looking at some of the pictures on Yelp, it seems I was not given the side of spicy aioli, which might have kicked things up a notch, so to speak.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/8/2014,733,1325,37,46,43>Roscoe's House of Chicken 'N Waffles is now open in Anaheim!  I was one of the few who braved the lunch time on opening day.  I have to say that the wait was shorter than the one at Din Tai Fung.  For our party of 5 people, they got us in at about 30 minutes.  Parking was not fun however.  Their lot is small and the security guy directed me down to the Ben Pool place by the Taco Bell as overflow parking.  There's another security guard there so all was kosher in terms of my car.  For food, I ordered the #1 Scoe's with 1/4 chicken (mixed) and 2 waffles with a side biscuit.  The food was as I remember.  The fried chicken was juicy with crispy skin.  The waffles were a little soft to me though.  I think they over steamed after coming off the iron and weren't as tasty.  However, judging from the silence that ensued after the food arrived, I think people enjoyed their food.  The service was pretty good for the first day.  There are no reservations so you have come and put your name down.  This is the largest location to open to date.  The service was fine for first day and I can only hope that it improves.  Overall a good meal with friends.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/7/2014,915,683,38,40,39>Four stars at least for the creative food, and for the ambitiousness of the chef as well. That being said, its gonna cost you. I usually don't dwell on menu prices since its relative to the individual patron, however this cool new place is a tad 'spendy.' Two of us shared the pho sliders, uni pasta, and two ice teas = $35 including tax, before tip. It is tapas style, which translates to small portions, but for two people with normal appetites they would need to order at least 3 items, most likely four. Our $35 lunch would then balloon to somewhere north of $50, plus tip. Bam! Got yourself a $60+ lunch, of course much more with a glass of wine or two, which was pricey too. In The Fountain-less Valley yet. So about what would be spent on a sushi lunch I guess, but not sure I want to spend that for a fusion tapas lunch. Not very often anyway.Now that you know what to expect to spend here, and if that is not an issue, I highly recommend all to give this new resto a try. The room itself is very relaxing with a sleek modern design, with floor to ceiling windows looking out to a very inviting "loungy" courtyard next to the pool. BTW it is located in the new Ayres Hotel, hence the pool. Service could not have been more helpful, attentive, and cheery, although we were one of only two parties at peak lunch time on a Friday. Pho Sliders; two tiny sliders on steamed bleached flour buns. Great presentation and flavors with nicely seasoned brisket, bean sprouts, and spicy mayo. My 3 or 4 bites were delicious!Sea Urchin Pasta; again, beautiful presentation served on a very cool flying saucer looking plate. I should have clicked a pic. Not as good as Cafe Hiro in Cypress or Maruhide Uni Club in Torrance, but still rich creamy joyousness that we both loved. No uni pieces to be seen as they are blended into the sauce, but the uni taste still shone through.Garlic Fries; yes we did enjoy a third item, we just didn't have to pay for it. From what I have read they offer different Yelp check-in deals, and this was ours on this day. Hot and tasty, sprinkled with Parmesan cheese with a homemade aioli sauce on the side for dipping. A needed filler to the above small portions. Fortunately neither of us showed up in a starved state, so we were both comfortably full for a lunch time meal.If you are from out of town this new addition to the local Ayres Hotel chain is highly recommended, as I have always enjoyed my past stays at their other properties. And with Fusion Bites being on site should make it easier to get that expensive meal approved on your expense account. I do look forward to returning to try some of chef's other creations, but who's buying?
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2014,10/6/2014,833,490,32,39,35>While visiting a friend in the hood, this hole in the wall taco place showed up on my Yelp radar, less than a mile away and it was bookmarked. Its been bookmarked for months. There is a reason for the bookmark and there is a reason why several of my yelper friends give their thumbs up for this mexican dreamy treat.Arriving close to midnight, it was still packed. We were greeted with a nod from one of the security guards standing outside. Yea the neighborhood could be intimidating, but so can my personal beast that was by my side.Menu is listed on the wall which choices ranging from basic street tacos, to nachos, enchiladas and everything in between. After ordering, take your number and grab a seat, and listen to your number in Spanish. Yes, Spanish.The cheap date that I am, I ordered 2 Carne Asada tacos with everything. Each came to $2 and some change. The beast had 2 tacos de pastor and some nachos with chicken.The carne asada tacos were in a double corn tortilla, topped with a ton of meat, onions,  cilantro and hot sauce.  I took the double tortilla apart and created 4 tacos. The self serve chili and salsa bar, was very clean and offered green and red salsa, limes, onions/cilantro, and a few other typical bar garnishes.The nacho platter was huge and had a mountain if cheese on it. Normally Im not a fan of nachos, but these were A OK. They were topped with a variety of goodness, including, refried beans, sour cream, guacamole, nacho cheese, chicken, and another shredded cheese. Lots of choices for drinks including, fountain sodas and Fresas Jugosas. We opted for water and it was served with hte best snow cone style ice ever.Cash only, and no ATM.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,10/5/2014,523,162,39,53,43>On the search for Genuine Broaster Chicken? Well look no further, that's exactly what you'll find at Grandma's Chicken House. For those who aren't familiar with this type of chicken, just know that no other compares! The method combines pressure cooking with deep frying chicken that has been marinated and breaded with Broaster proprietary products and ingredients. The pressure seals in the foods' natural juices and locks out the cooking oil leaving the chicken less greasy than when it's fried.Broasting equipment and ingredients are marketed only to food service and institutional customers, including supermarkets and fast food restaurants. They are not available to the general public. The technique was invented by L.A.M. Phelan in the early 1950s and is marketed by the Broaster Company of Beloit, Wisconsin, which Phelan founded. Grandma's offers several lunch and dinner combo options, chicken by the piece, sides, salads & sandwiches. I ordered the "Picnic Basket", which comes with 3 pieces of chicken, 4 pieces of broasted potatoes (equalling 2 whole potatoes), choice of a salad (potato, macaroni, coleslaw) and a homemade bread roll. All of their chicken meals come with a combo of white/dark meat unless you specify that you want white meat only (extra charge). The Picnic Basket included a breast, wing & thigh. The outside of the chicken was crispy with no mushy or soggy parts & the meat was cooked perfectly & juicy. Keep in mind this establishment is cash only. They do have an ATM machine onsite. Give them about 15 minutes to cook your food, as everything is made to order. I recommend taking your food to go since they don't have AC & it gets a little stuffy inside. Visit their website to view the menu grandmaschickenhouse1.we… Save yourself time, by calling in your order! :) Salud!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/4/2014,602,230,35,41,39>Soft opening of a new ramenya in Costa Mesa?  Obviously intrigued.  Chain  restaurant  from Japan, how good could it be?  Decided to drag fellow Yelper Ingrid V. during their soft opening during lunch and was pleasantly surprised with a hearty "Irasshaimasei!" Delighted to no end as this is how I expected my experience here would begin with.  They were quite busy. We waited approximately 15 minutes and was then seated at the bar.  Excellent communication with expected wait time and loved what they did with the decor which is a world of difference from how the previous ramenya was decorated.  It was tired and now looks so refreshed, clean and soothing.  I was hangry, VERY hangry and Michelle was so patient with me as I could not make a decision if my life depended on it. Gyoza to start did not disappoint.  Small, but packed with flavor and perfectly browned and steamed.  Perfection. Aburi ramen.  Chasu was perfectly cooked with the right ratio of fat to pork.  Wakame was a plenty, corn, fresh bean sprouts and green onions finished off the look and gave the soup the added flavor to make it as to close to perfection for me.  Miso ramen is my all time fave and this broth yelled miso with a clean taste.  This broth has now risen to the top of my miso broths of all time. Ah... the noodles which is normally the deal breaker for me.  They did not disappoint. The thicker curly noodles that are hand crumpled by the gentlemen in the white hat and uniform.  Perfection.  I have been back 6 more times and have tried the kaarage and the spicy rice with umami chili.  Gyoza - Perfectly cooked/steamed, very flavorful yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…Aburi Miso ramen - This in my book is the best miso ramen in the O.C.  yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…Green chile ramen - Shio broth?  Not normally a fan.  LOVED it. yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…Vegetable ramen - Another shio broth, with the veggies?  Simplicity at it's best. yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…Kitakata ramen - Their signature dish.  I call it the meat lovers ramen as you can see it is packed with so much chasu the light cannot get past them into the broth.  This is protein in a bowl with a simple yet flavorful tonkotsu broth. yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…Chicken karaage - Moist and not too greasy. yelp.com/biz_photos/kita…My recommendation:  Lunch special with the spicy rice with Umami chiliyelp.com/biz_photos/kita…A shoutout to Duke, Michelle and the ramen noodle crimping man for making my initial visits to this new establishment a most memorable one! I will keep coming back and hope the servers will remember my order which won't change now that I have dined here 8 times since the opening. The Aburi Ramen and the Green Chile ramen here is so good, I will be paying a visit to their Shinbashi location in Tokyo next year.  This place serves my beloved comfort food and meets my high ramen standards. 5 stars. Period.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/3/2014,262,594,38,43,40>Surprise, Surprise!  Here I am in the heart of old folk town and I've stumbled on to a very nice little "hidden gem".  We had planned on eating at Sabatino's to try our their breakfast, but alas Sunday is also closed for family time day.  What to do?  Yelp it of course.  Laguna Café popped up as nearby and off I drove in that direction, without even checking with hubby.  You should have seen his face!  We both had somewhat low expectations but we were greatly (and happily) surprised by our yummy food and overall terrific prices.My Denver Omelette was fluffy, perfectly cooked and plenty of ham/onion/bell pepper, with a generous amount of melted cheese on top.  The accompanying Hash Browns were the perfect thickness, so you still had potato to eat, but the nice bite of crispness on the top layer.  This came with choice of toast or English muffin (nothing standout) for $7.79, what a deal!  yelp.com/biz_photos/lagu…Hubby's Chili Cheeseburger with fresh made criss-cut fries was tasty, with very good homemade chili with a nice degree of spice to it.  The burger was fairly lean, but could have been cooked-grilled a bit less.  I personally did not like the special fries that much, but hubby did.  yelp.com/biz_photos/lagu…Tidbits:  This is a family-run business and the chef is ex-military and gives a 10% discount for Vets, very cool.  His wife works here and gives great service with a very personal touch.  This is a small café, but neat and clean, and also has a few tables/chairs outside if you'd like to sit out there.  There is old and new military memorabilia on the walls, including some pictures of past family members who served their country.  Go USA!I would definitely go back and perhaps try the much-touted burgers and the fluffy pancakes.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/2/2014,442,800,28,31,29>Corona Del Mar is my favorite beach in Orange County.  If you plan on getting a fire pit, get there early to secure your spot.  For anything about this beach, get there early.  You could always find street parking unless you have a lot to unload and want to opt for the $10 parking beach side.  The bathrooms are clean for a beach and they have a shower to wash off the sand.  The beach is pretty damn full during the summer, but there's plenty of space.  Other things to do are go on the jetty or go north where the rocks are and climb to the tiny beach.  This state beach offers great views and fun.  If you haven't been, put it on the beach to do list.  If you haven't been in a wHile, remind yourself of why you live in the greatest state.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,7/27/2012,230,108,21,27,25>Stopped at the Deli to pick up a few things for a picnic lunch with friends.One can order sandwiches and eat at the Deli, there are only a couple of picnic tables.  While the deli is very small, the amount of goods packed in such a small space is remarkable (olive oils, balsamic vinegars, wines, pastas, etc.)We selected a salami/prosciutto cut, rosemary ham, gorgonzola cheese and mini cannolis; were told it would take 20 minutes to prepare our order. We took advantage of the wait to browse, picked up a nice bottle of wine, and enjoyed looking at all the goodies displayed in the store. We had the best lunch ever; the salami/prosciutto and rosemary ham were delicious!This is the perfect place to pick up a picnic lunch to take to the beach.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,7/26/2012,468,276,17,19,18>Fortunato D's hipster moment #68: Ever heard of Bar Hook Up (BHU)? It's at an obscure location locked away from all of mainstream..it's so underground you've probably never heard of it.BHU is hipster fabulous..hipster-slash-surfer actually. If you like to immerse yourself in an eccentric culture of a dive separate from HB dives, this is it. It's like the nerdy middle child in Huntington Beach's jock family of dives. Throws like a sissy, but all the ladies love him because he's misunderstood in a mysterious way. How, you ask? Small, dimly lit, accessorized with Asian/Orient types of accentuations, and an interesting alcohol listing. It's a beer and wine place, but they serve Korean vodka (and sake) with a wide variety of ways to serve them. The owner showed me a beer and its name was "Name Brand Beer."  WTF? That was weird... $4 Bud Lights for the not-so-experimental type of folks. If you don't like it, you're way too mainstream like a square. I'm like a rhombus, I got more depth...Even moreso, a circle. Circles are so predictable (Hipster moment #69). *scoff*Don't ask if the game is playing here, you'll be left dissatisfied. Don't ask if UFC is playing either...I told you, nerdy middle child. "If you're the Main Street fighting type, you can gtfo...surfers, great people and a good atmosphere is what this place is about" said the owner/bartender.If you're looking for karaoke on a Monday, this is the place to be. Their KDJ's have a pretty big list and if the book doesn't have it, they may have it in a database. A great place to take a group of friends for a serious karaoke competition. If you'll excuse me, I'm out of Kombucha so I have to end this rant... (#70)"Wilco used to be one of the most prevalent pieces of silverware in outer space, but sadly they are no longer at the front of the organic grocery line" (#71. I was on a roll till I killed it with that last cliche).
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,7/25/2012,132,315,12,15,15>If attending a show at the Orange County Performing Arts Center, Leatherby's Cafe Rouge is an absolute must to round out a classy evening.  However, the show is certainly not necessary, as Leatherby's is a hidden gem that is more than worth a trip out of your way to enjoy some of the finest dining available in Orange County.Although every experience I've had at Leatherby's has already seemed quite flawless, Executive Chef Ross Pangilinan is constantly creating new dishes, creatively experimenting with the finest ingredients, and offering mouth watering, limited-time prix fixe menus that are not to be missed.  Everything I've tasted here has been something to rave about, and always beautifully plated (if you're fortunate enough, on top of something like the chorizo risotto with shaved truffles, or foie gras mashed potatoes!).TIP: Check out the website for the latest prix fixe offerings.  As of this writing, there is a 3 course currently available for just over $40.  An exceptional deal!Although the fancy level is high, the pretentiousness level is surprisingly low.  Upscale-casual attire (and above) will allow you to comfortably blend in with this crowd.The service is nothing short of stellar too.  The wait staff is extremely polite, knowledgeable, and attentive.On top of everything else: NO CORKAGE FEE!If you haven't made your way in to Leatherby's Cafe Rouge yet, you're missing out!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,7/24/2012,117,90,14,16,17>Literally walking distance from my house and I couldn't believe that I never stopped by for a munch until I saw Paul's on TV (Diners, Drive-ins and Dives). Situated in sort of an overlooked plaza and with odd hours Paul's is still somewhat difficult to catch normally, but truly glad I did get the chance to.Gigantic, hearty portions that will feed a tiny village or small family of 2 for a very reasonable price. Country fried steak seems to be what brings the crowd and does not disappoint for me at all. Other favorites are the corned beef hash and the maple bacon with eggs and home fries, definitely don't miss out on these.Other than that drinks other than coffee came in these cool mason jars with free refills, service was pretty so-so but food came out fairly quickly, and also be prepared to wait a bit because it's small and popular a bad mix for hungry patrons.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,7/23/2012,475,391,20,21,21>Oh Creme Pan of creamilicious delight!  I love your yummy treats with all my might!Your strawberry croissants are good and dreamy!They're sweet and tart and sinfully creamy!yelp.com/biz_photos/lwZ-…The sandwich box was a surprise to behold!There were three different kinds for my hands to hold!yelp.com/biz_photos/lwZ-…Your Katsu sandwich, with savory baked in!One of the ingredients surely must be "win"! yelp.com/biz_photos/lwZ-…And Curry Pan, so tasty and gold!Filled me with so much happiness untold!yelp.com/biz_photos/lwZ-…Oh Creme Pan, Oh Creme Pan, you really are full of treats!I keep bringing friends to your door for good eats!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,7/22/2012,342,350,23,24,22>I've drunk the kool-aid and hopped aboard.I'm a die hard, (yes, the Bruce Willis kind) fan of In-N-Out. Also as in, I die, for one of their tasty cheeseburgers, no tomato, animal style with chopped peppers of course. Coke, no diet.However I'm here to say that if I have $15 to spare you'll find me perched upon the stools at Umami gloriously detaching my jaw for one of their mother fucking dyno-mite burgers. Ya heard!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,7/21/2012,720,28,22,26,22>Goldicocks would have had a hard time...deciding on how many cock-a-doodle-doo's to give this place, that is.  3 is too few for the service.5 is too much for the food.  3.5 is juuust right.Rooster PM is the more sultry, night walking, alter ego of the brunch serving Rooster Cafe.  It's a breakfast house turned gastropub nightly.  The name change concept is interesting.  Unfortunately, the allure stops right about there.  The evening rooster brings tapas to the table and with an inventive concept of creative cuisine but falls short in flavor and pizzazz.  While the service is excellent, I can't say the same about the food.  With the best intentions in mind, this is merely constructive criticism.  I'm no chef, but perhaps a few additions may just add that extra kick and provide a memorable meal.  *  Tomato Basil Soup  -  Superb!  This soup of the day was well balanced, not too tangy and wonderfully creamy.  I would add grilled cheese slices on the side and make it even better as an appetizer.*  Mac & Cheese  -  The combination of 4 cheeses is great but is lacking.  The addition of Canadian bacon, ham, or prosciutto would create that flare.  A drizzle of truffle oil would send it over the top!*  Fried Olives  -  Panko breaded and served with a curry sauce.  The sour taste of the green olives did not go well with the curry sauce.  While it didn't taste bad, it didn't wow.  Either scratch it all together or fry something else.  Might I suggest - crab cakes with a yuzu oil or vodka sauce?*  Blackened Chicken Avo Cups  -  I absolutely lu-huvvv avocadoes.  You can't go wrong with avocadoes but it lacked seasoning.  Also, leaving the whole avocado was a bit of a nuisance.  Suggestion: Cube the avocado and put the salad, avocado, and chicken in the peel.  Now that's a cup!  It's more creative and visually stunning.*  Mini Scallop Linguine  -  We were busy chit chatting so our linquine (untouched) was getting cold.  One of the servers/owner offered to toss it for us again.  SO appreciate that!  The scallop was good, but the noodles should be more al dente.  Also, more basil would have added an amazing aroma. *  Churros con Chocolate  -  Beautifully plated, crunchy and delish!  After a while though, the chocolate drizzle made the churros soft.  Why not serve it Spanish style?  In Valencia, they serve the churros in a cone with a mini tub of chocolate for dipping!  Preserves that beautiful crunch!I'm all for small businesses and will always choose the independent owner over big corporate chain restaurants.  It's where I feel taken care of and where the ambience and food is unique, but with so much competition in the food and dining industry, a restaurant needs to stand out in order to have repeat customers.  I hope that in the near future, Rooster PM will have a revamp in menu, making me yearn to return time and again.  I hope to rewrite Goldicocks' story, making her change her mind, from a  --Cock-A-Doodle-Boo into a Cock-A-Doodle-WOO!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,7/20/2012,733,1325,16,25,19>"T" is for Tamarind of London.  Our most recent alphabet dinner was located at Tamarind of London in Crystal Cove.  The restaurant is trendy  and chic.  The clientele you can expect to see on par with those at Javier's across the parking lot.  The food was good.  Did it blow me away?  Yes and no.  Garlic Naan ($4; 3.5 stars): Made fresh to order with subtle garlic flavor. I loved that it was freshly made.  I had been watching the staff prepare it from our dining table.  We ordered a second order as soon as the first order hit the table.Goat Cheese and scallion Naan ($6; 5 stars): This was delicious!  There was so much cheese and I was happy to pair it with some of our entrees.  It went well with the beef vindaloo.  Ghost Chile Beef Vindaloo ($21; 3 stars): I was really excited to try the Ghost Chile Beef Vindaloo and we asked for extra spicy but it didn't blow our minds.  Instead it sort of blew our palettes.  Ghost chiles are the spiciest peppers on the planet, even moreso than habaneros.  The beef was tender but we couldn't taste any of the marinade.  The spice wasn't overwhelming but rather it became one-note and I didn't enjoy it as much as I should like.  Smoked Crushed Eggplant ($8; 5 stars) This was delicious.  It tasted amazing and I loved it.  Kashmiri Lamb Curry ($21; 3 stars)  I only had a bite of this and it was just ok.  The lamb was gamey which is a turn off for my tastebuds.  Butter Chicken ($20; 4 stars)  I love butter chicken and their version gives you a hit of cardamom  which is delicious.  It's not as buttery as I would have liked but was good nonetheless.  Traditional Tikka Masala ($?; 4 stars)  The tikka masala was yummy and my friends loved it.  I had a quick bite and was satisfied with the flavor.  Paneer Methi Masala ($18; 4 stars)  My friend ordered this and it was also very good and spicy.  Vegetarian dish but great with rice and naan.Crispy Paneer ($10; 4 stars) It was breaded and fried atop a spicy tomato sauce.  Different but tasty.  I liked the plating and the crispiness of the breading.  White or brown Basmatic rice upon request ($3-$4) per bowl.  Chai Creme Brulee ($7; 3 stars)  Tasty but wasn't the BEST thing I've ever had.  Our waitress was really excited about this but I give it an A-ok.Avocado and white pistachio gelatos ($6; 5 stars)  This was a winner for us.  The exotic flavors and is a must if you're here this summer.  The avocado gelato was light and buttery.  If you've ever had a avocado milkshake in Westminster, you know the flavor I'm referring to.  The white pistachio had a citrus note to it and was really good.  Overall dinner was good.  Per person it came out to about $41 each.  Not too shabby for an evening of good food and good conversation.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,7/18/2012,1679,253,36,46,37>Service is a bit abrupt and at times apathetic.  For example: Me:  How is the Blueberry Mojito?She: GoodMe: How about the Ecco Pizza?She: GoodNow, we can attribute the conventional replies to an absence of creativity or we can infer that her vocabulary may require some agitation.  The house-made gnocchi with fresh mozzarella, basil and spicy red sauce is the epitome of pillowy goodness. Ethereal! The sauce is impeccably delicious.  The trite menu description is an injustice.  The seasonal Ecco pizza with San Marzano tomatoes, button mushrooms, burrata and red onions is delicious.  But some of the pizza suffered from the weight of the toppings as it became limp, but the crust is crispy and chewy.The Blueberry Mojito - rum, blueberries, mint and lime - was awful. I think our server accidentally prepared it with vodka.  Shannon enjoyed her Pom Press - vodka press and splash pomegranate [sic].Zeppole covered in cinnamon sugar is served with chocolate sauce and fresh whipped cream The Italian donuts are crispy and warm.  The ramekin the chocolate is served in is deep but the amount of chocolate provided is shallow.  Although I am not sure that four donuts warrant the $7 price tag.  Namaste!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,7/17/2012,338,875,19,28,23>This is an awesome date place. Tucked into old town San Juan Capistrano, and utilizing part of an old Pullman car, this steakhouse serves up delicious steak and continental cuisine.Dining in the Pullman car requires a special reservation, and it's a cozy and intimate area. There isn't too much room to walk between the tables, so the main dining area may feel better for claustrophobes or if you frequently have to get up.I ordered the Filet Mignon, which is my go-to cut for nice steakhouses. The Vintage Steakhouse's version of this meat is very good. I asked for "pink, with no red" and it was prepared just within my tolerance. Although our server was nice enough to bring out three different sauces (Wild Mushroom Bordelaise, Béarnaise, and Cabernet Demi), I actually found that I liked the steak better without any of the sauces.I wasn't crazy about the wine list, but with only one glass it wasn't that big of a deal.The service here was fantastic, if a little bewildering -- at one point we counted four different people who had been by to take our drink order, food order, refill our water, and ask how everything was. We never seemed to see the same person twice.Overall a great date place with fantastic ambiance, really good food, and excellent service.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,8/31/2011,2967,1183,19,25,22>- Locale Destination - It's located in a very tight corner of the camp in Costa Mesa. Great ambiance. Decor is very simple but sophisticated. I love the menu on the canvas. (See my pic) I went there for brunch, so didn't check much about wine. Next time.- Gluttony Expedition -Omelet España: Sautéed Prosciutto, Artichoke Hearts, Red Bell Peppers, Shitake Mushrooms & Fresh Manchego Cheese. Eggs were overcooked. Ingredients tasted good. The Cheese added a good accent. Kiwi marmalade was just OK. Chili Verde Quiche: Brie, Cheddar and Green Chilies Baked in a Flaky Crust. Crust was a bit too heavy and overcooked for me. The cheese stuffing was tasty. - Conqueror's Deduction - Since I didn't try any recommendation by yelpers, so I'll just keep it as 3.5 star for now. Love the ambiance ;) Foods were just alright.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,8/30/2011,947,325,17,14,13>I get sick pleasure from blowing my garlic breath towards my boyfriend's face and asking him afterwards, "do you think i'm sexy now?" hehehe.  What can I say?  I'm a girl who loves garlic and The Kickin' Crab must share my same love because their sauce is garlic-y, sauce-y, butter-y goodness!After some shopping at the South Coast Plaza mall, we arrived here on a Friday night and there was no wait!  Excellent!The sauces used here seems to be less saltier than the one at Boiling Crab and just taste much better overall.  I have to tell you that the seafood is FRESH!  You don't get soggy, old shrimp and you can really taste the freshness.  Service is also good too.  They come around often and are attentive. We got the $29.99 deal which includes 2 lbs of shrimp or crawfish, 2 corns, 4 sausages and 2 potatoes and we got the cajun fries.  Then we got The Kickin' Crab sauce in Medium.  Make sure you order your side of rice so you can drizzle that yummy sauce in the rice...just delicious!I will definitely be coming back...and i'm bringing my friends here too so they can taste what i'm talking about!  Thanks for a wonderful feast, Kickin' Crab! :)
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,8/29/2011,1018,364,17,17,15>Am I really reviewing a laundromat? Yes. Yes, I am. I mean, after all, I DO believe in cleanliness and when I recently traded up my four wall studio for a one bedroom dwelling in a much more intimate environ, I lost the attached laundry facility and now find myself having to cart stuff across the way and down the block. Gladly, might I add. (I really love my new place.)I've been to a couple different laundromats in the neighborhood and Sudz is by far the easiest because as already stated - coins need not apply. This results in a huge sigh of relief as, in the past, I've had a bad habit of letting the dirty clothes accumulate into a small mountain due to a "minor" shopping habit that keeps my closet and dressers (yes, plural) full of options for at least a season (or three). I was once THAT GIRL with 15 loads of laundry... pockets dragging on the vinyl floor, spilling over with shiny silver coins. Never again!Really, I've always hated that need to "save quarters for laundry day" and now my quarters better serve me in my piggy bank since the machines at Sudz use a rechargeable card. Yippee.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,8/28/2011,759,662,14,20,12>My good friend Chad A and I (once again) were waaaay overdue for a Mexicana Grub Fest and he suggested this place since I was feeling like I did to much Boy from Nickerson Gardens & was Jones'in for a fix. ==================================================­==== As soon as we pulled up I knew this was another authentic hole in the wall great Mexican eatery and I said "King Taco...quien?" Chad and I were both greeted with smile by the owner (such a nice man) and his staff and, as we conversed in Spanish that Chad had brought a new friend, I found out Chad had just been here a few days ago! Well, my fellow Yelpers after this review you will know why as did I! Upon entering the inside of this authentic, mouth watering and welcoming family owned business Chad directed my attention to the young lady behind the counter making tortillas from scratch...yes by hand, then pressed then made for packaging but in our case they were being made for our orders and here is mine, I'll let Chad's update fill you in on his Grub Fest: 1) Tacos-3 doubled up tortillas filled with Cilantro, Onions, Mole Salsa, roasted Serrano Peppers filled delights. 1 Taco con Carne Asada-Juicy, tender diced chunks of seasoned meat that had the perfect texture and a great starter too. 1 Taco con Cabeza (the meat and part of the brain de la vaca), the best cabeza taco I have ever eaten as most have just been under cooked but this taco was full of flavor and had just the correct portions to make the combination of the Cilantro and Onions pop goes the weasel my taste buds! 1 Taco con pollo, unseasoned, dry chicken (which was most unfortunate) but, adding the sauces and dipping this taco into my Menudo made this taco tasty & palatable and up to speed in a second! And, a large bowl of Menudo and I mean large too! This is how I like my Menudo, full of 20 perfectly textured (I counted) fresh cleaned Tripe and, just the correct amount of seasonings. And, add the Limes, Cilantro and Onions along with those homade Tortillas for dipping and I was a Puerco! Also, an extra large freshly made Jaimica that I could taste the Hibiscus Flowers and juices so well blended.Cost:$16 and worth every penny and then some.Also, for those of you who know Michael P., this was the perfect meal after a night of Tito's+420.And, do the math and a visual as to why this meal was just what the doctor ordered, that doctor being that talented young lady under the guidance of a man who knows how Mexican food & Menudo are done spot on...(no make that cuisine) for those who seek the real deals guidance. $1 charge for using a credit card, bring cash if that takes a a big bite out of your budget porbrasitos! Juliana's Mexican Food, you make me sing this about your familia and comer: youtube.com/watch?v=eMci…
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,8/27/2011,610,113,16,20,17>Throughout the year, I keep getting whispers to go back to DonerG.  Why?  (1) DonerG's owner asked me to go back after a previous review, (2) Chad A had a UYE for his birthday and the buffet was pretty good, and (3) My Claremont friends told me recently that they went to eat at DonerG.  So I shall relent to those whispers.  As I pull up into the parking lot of DonerG, there was a mob of people, police officers, and a perp being put in handcuffs.  Is this another whisper?  You got to love AnaCrime (I live in Anaheim.  Play on words.  Get it?).Service - Excellent - See below.Cleanliness - Pristine - cooking area and dining area is very clean.Price - $11.19 (includes tax)Seafood - n/aMeats - Beef, chicken, lambVegetables - SaladsDessert - Baklava, Kadayifi, SekerpareFruits - n/aOther - (1) Located in a strip mall (you should see the car wash).  (2) Free parking in front and back of the strip mall.  (3) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (4) All meats here are considered Halal Food.  (5) On Thursday night (6pm to 9pm) there is an open buffet--17-20 different Turkish entrees and salads.What was ordered:Customer Service (Complimentary) - Woohoo!  As good as it gets! (5 stars) - As I walked into the establishment, I was greeted immediately.  As I was perusing the menu, the same employee asked me if this was my first time here.  I politely told him I have been here before.  I'm pretty amazed about his energy--constantly greeting guests, cleaning tables, and orchestrating the staff.  He made sure to tell his staff where I was sitting so they knew where to bring my food.  He even brought me a sample plate of Beef Doner--while giving me a brief explanation of the name DonerG.  This must be the owner.Ice Tea ($1.50) - A-Ok (3 stars) - Standard 20 oz cup to fill up on the ice tea.  The machine gave you an option of regular ice tea (unsweetened) or green tea.  I pushed the button for green tea, but the only thing that came out is water.  I guess I'll be drinking unsweetened ice tea then.  On a side note, ice tea was born in 1904 at the St. Louis World's Fair by Richard Blechynden.  Bet you didn't know ... now you do.Lamb Shish Kabob Plate (8.99) - Yay!  I'm a fan (4 stars) - Lamb cubes marinated with herb and spices grilled on a skewer.  The lamb is plated on cut Pita Bread and served with 2 different salads, rice, and condiments of jajik & DonerG dressing.  Note that they give you an option of Rice or Fries for this entree.  Like MC Lyte, let's break it down: *Salad 1 - A-Ok (3 stars) - Approximately 3L x 4W x 2.5H of chopped, fresh lettuce with pickled purple cabbage.  Both the lettuce and cabbage had a nice crisp and were vibrant in color.  They both tasted fresh, however, I used a little of the DonerG dressing (pink sauce) which gave it a nice sweet and fullness to the salad--if I were to guess, I think there is ketchup, mayo, and spices in the DonerG dressing.  *Salad 2 - A-Ok (3 stars) - Approximately 2L x 3W x 1.5H of cubed tomatoes and cucumbers--mixed with chopped cilantro.  Looked and smelled very fresh--likely chopped up the morning of.  I like how the taste of fresh tomato and cucumber as is.  I did not sense a need to use any of the sauces for this salad.  This salad is a great complement to the rice and lamb.*Rice - Yay!  I'm a Fan (4 stars) - 10 oz of rice.  The rice they prepared is moist and somewhat chewy--I normally like my rice slightly moist and somewhat fluffy.  I actually like this rice.  You'll find browned egg noodles bits in the rice.  While you are eating it, you won't notice the egg noodles.  It wasn't completely plain in taste either.  The browned egg noodles gave it some flavor and I bet the rice was cooked with some sort of broth.*Pita Bread - Yay!  I'm a Fan (4 stars) - Half of a 5 inch diameter of Pita Bread cut into 4 slices.  The pita bread was nicely toasted on both sides and had a nice chewy texture.  The bread was a perfect complement with the lamb or even just dipping the jajik and DonerG sauce.*Lamb Shish Kabob - Yay!  I'm a Fan (4 stars) - 7 grilled pieces of lamb cubes marinated with herb and spices.  The cubes of lamb are approximately 1L x 1W x 1H--or a bit less than that.  Some pieces were a little overcooked (a tad dry in the middle) and some were just right.  I simply just dipped the dryer ones in the jajik & DonerG dressing and it was fine.  The lamb tasted and had the texture of beef to me.Beef Doner (Complimentary) - Yay!  I'm a Fan (4 Stars) - Thinly sliced marinated beef with special herbs and spices cooked on a vertical broiler.  The owner told me this is what DonerG specializes in and gave me a sample on a small plate.  Just looking at it, you can see how moist and tender the beef was.  It did not tasty beefy, but had the texture of beef--maybe due to the special herbs and spices.  Good though.Yay!  I'm a fan of Lamb Shish Kabob and the customer service of the owner.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,8/26/2011,468,276,20,23,23>In my last review of Deli-licious, I stated that I will try everything on the menu. I must admit that I didn't do so, but I got close. I liked everything on the menu so much that I have developed favorites such as the "Taylor's Famous French Dip"  with the "Wild Mushroom Bacon Chowder" on Tuesdays and the "Marge's Grilled Italian Roma Sub" with the "Ultimate Cream of Tomato" on Wednesdays. Damn this love I have for pairing food! I took my mother and my aunt here on a Saturday. My mother is an anti-deli type of gal because she dislikes the concept of a deli (and the meat any deli carries) and has always been a picky eater. My aunt is from out of town...err, country. I took them here and I've successfully turned my mother's food grudge around and my aunt was impressed as well. Don't underestimate the taste of the women I took here, we come from a culture rich in diverse taste. And to add, my mother's sense of taste is directly proportional to her sense of class. Without further ado, here is my menu report:Soups:-Ultimate Cream of Tomato-It's awesome!-Wild Mushroom Bacon Chowder-It's super awesome! Specialty sandwiches:-Shannon's Pulled Beef Philly Style-gggreat!-R.J.'s Fried Pastrami Reuben-Ron Burgundy would be proud!-Victor's Mini Spicy Meatball Hero-It would straighten Super Mario's stache! It's that good!-Sue's Chicken-Avocado Caprese-You'd like the sandwich more than a real Caprese dish.-Marge's Grilled Italian Roma Sub-It's like the party in your mouth had a party in their mouths.-Taylor's Famous French Dip-My favorite!Other:-Sliders-Each slider has a different unique taste! It's a must try! Plus the fries are awesome! I favor these fries over most that I've been to. -Spinach Waldorf Salad-My most recent discovery at Deli-licious. I'm going to try more of them in the future since bikini season is coming....yes, I said bikini season. In the fall you hunt deer, winter is for hunting rabbits, smallmouth bass in the springtime and bikinis in the summer time.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/25/2011,783,765,19,23,21>Nothing but praises for this company!You never realize how much crap (aka junk) you have until you move. After living in the same place for 5 years, I discovered that I had a lot more crap than I thought. Crap that won't fit in my car and crap that won't fit in a trash can.So I left all the crap I didn't want at my old house after my move, and then called these guys today to get an estimate on hauling out the crap. I called at 10AM, scheduled an appointment for 3pm. They called and asked if could be moved up to 1pm instead, which worked for me. They gave me a reasonable estimate, took 45 minutes to get everything out, and were very friendly and professional. I was even able to pay with a credit card.I highly recommend these guys.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,8/24/2011,2146,741,14,15,14>Kaya is pretty tasty. It was super crowded when we came, but to our surprise, the wait-staff quickly ushered us (along with several other parties) into a private room upstairs. With sofas and couches lined along the walls, this room looked quite suitable for a night of karaoke. However, we just simply ate cafeteria style (long tables) instead.A couple interesting things happened here. A little boy fell of his chair and started crying, so half of the room left and never came back. One of the women we were eating cafeteria-style with asked me where I was from. When I said Northern California, she self-corrected: "I mean, where do your features come from?" But onto the food. The waitress misunderstood me (though she claimed to have understood me) and gave us an entire HUGE order of seafood pancake (media3.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…) when I had said, after I found out that we would get it complimentary with the side dishes, that I did NOT want to order it. In fact, they do give you pieces of seafood pancake for free...if you don't order the entire appetizer. Andrew J. and I were left with this, a chicken bibimbap (media4.ct.yelpcdn.com/bp…), and a seafood and beef soon tofu (media3.ct.yelpcdn.com/bp…), and banchan to polish off. It was a lot of food.I enjoyed everything, though once again, the dinky little shrimps in the soon tofu did not meet my lofty expectations. Also, they somehow forgot to give any of us dipping sauce for the seafood pancake. I thought this was the default at this restaurant, until I managed to ask them when we got the bill (they did not come up to check on us much). Sucks. Banchan was not particularly impressive (tasted okay, lacked variety). The food here is of good quality though--tender beef and chicken, great flavors, soothing tofu...
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,8/23/2011,342,350,15,17,16>Pulled pork grilled cheese? Don't mind if I do. The pulled pork is delicious in fact I couldn't imagine it tasting any better. So much so that I felt the need to tell the cook and owner I'd never had better. If you know me, compliments are few and far. Its true though,  I really have never had better. Get a side of the BBQ sauce you won't regret it.  I can't wait to try more items especially the heart attack inducing moink balls "meatballs wrapped in bacon served with raspberry chipotle BBQ sauce". I can already feel my arteries beginning to clog.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,8/22/2011,220,123,18,23,18>Popped my Boiling Crab cherry a few weeks ago; I can now die happy :) People would give me weird looks when I tell them I've never been to BC before. Why? Because the wait is so long and the crowd is very intimidating, haha. But I'm very glad that I tried out BC for the first time ever. Not gonna lie, it was very satisfying. Got there at around 8:30, crowded as expected. We put down our names and 1 hour and 45 minutes later we were seated -__- Seriously? Close to 2 whole freaking hours?! RIDICULOUS. Since they close at 10? 10:30? It was last call, so we were only able to put in our order once. We ordered 3lbs of shrimp and 3lbs of crawfish and cajun fries. Before ever coming here, I really thought BC is all hype, and that it couldn't be thaaaat amazing like how everyone says. But I can honestly say, it's not all hype, because BC is actually really good. I've had crawfish at other places like Rockin' Crawfish, Socal Crawfish, Crawfish House and Kickin' Crab, and the sauce just isn't quite comparable to BC's shabang sauce.  Oh man... extra spicy, extra garlic, and extra butter on the shrimp and crawfish please. The service was alright; service wasn't top-notch or anything. Overall, BC didn't disappoint me, but rather satisfied my crawfish cravings. But I'm going to be honest... BC is great, but to have to wait close to 2 hours to be seated is seriously ridiculous. Oh, and I could have given BC a full 5 stars, but you see, BC charges .25 for water -___- WTF?
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,2/11/2010,249,173,38,27,29>I am coming out.Of the hair closet, that is.I wasn't going to do it.  I didn't want to out myself, even if it WAS just online.  I didn't want anyone to judge me.  It is just one of those things...like plastic surgery.  When people KNOW something is fake they automatically start to judge it and say it looks bad.   But you know what, screw it.  I am going to out myself anyway.I have extensions.SHUT UP! YOU HAD NO IDEA UNTIL I JUST TOLD YOU!!!!!And why did you have no idea? Because my hair looks freakin' awesome, that's why. And why does it look awesome?  Two words: Dana Matta.Dana has been doing my hair for over a year now.  Unfortunately, I got the "bad hair". Too frizzy to actually be curly....so frizzy that chemically straightening looks best, and it grows SUPER slowly.  I have always wanted long hair, but never been able to get the kind of thick beautiful looking hair I wanted.Then I found out about extensions.  I'm not talking about a bad weave here...this stuff is LEGIT.  Did you know Halle Berry pretty much always has extensions, even when her hair is short?  Not that I am comparing myself to Halle Berry....but still.It is real hair, and is very carefully attached onto the roots of my hair with beads and a special tool.  I would show you the "during" pictures, but Shampoo Cocktails was very generous with the mimosas that day, and my face looks all puffy.All you really need to see is the "after".  Come on! It looks great! Admit it!!  Needless to say, Dana is a hair genius.  So much so, that I am spilling my hair secret to anyone who wants to Google it.  It is not cheap, but the good stuff never is.  So all of the down-and-dirty about extensions that you always wanted to know but never could ask:1.) There are lots of different types.  You can get synthetic hair or real hair. Real hair is of course more expensive.  You can also get a weft or small pieces that are attached to your hair,  I have the latter which looks really natural and NO ONE can tell unless they are getting all up in my business.2.) It is not cheap. I won't tell you how not-cheap it is.  Go get your hair cut with Dana, have a mimosa, and let her tell you. But I will say this: it was worth every penny and I would do it again in a heartbeat.3.) Depending on your normal hair routines, it may be a little more maintenance. But then again...if you had perfectly wonderful hair, you wouldn't want extensions anyway.4.) Even if length is not your issue, thickness may be.Extensions can totally help with that.  My hair is nice and full and lovely now and I couldn't be happier.Even if extensions aren't your deal, Dana is amazing with EVERYTHING; chemical straightening, color, cut, style.  She is truly an artist who knows what will look good on you.  When we first started talking about extensions, she was worried she wouldn't be able to match the exact texture of my hair.  And to her, that meant no dice.  Why? Because she takes pride in her work and would never send me out of the salon looking anything but my best.  Luckily, she found hair that matched mine by taking a sample of my hair.  So...I came out.....I feel better.If you make fun of me, I will delete this review.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,2/10/2010,503,274,21,18,20>I think I'm going through a midlife crisis.  Have I already reached the age when I give bonus points to a place because it doesn't have a bunch of annoying teenagers crawling about?  Oh God.Putting my crisis aside, I really liked Cinema Fusion...the 21+ side, that is.  For just $8.50 a ticket, you can enjoy comfortable stadium seating and - here's the best part - DRINK while you watch your movie.  That's right.  They have a bar with a decent beer and wine selection, and prices are pretty reasonable - beers are $5, a glass of wine is $7.  I'm ashamed to admit that I watched Star Trek earlier tonight.  I'm even more ashamed to admit that I enjoyed it.  I'd never been a Star Trek fan, nor did I know anything about it before tonight, but...aw what the hell?\\||/  Live long and prosper.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,2/8/2010,346,353,12,14,11>I love Toshi's!!  I love the man and the sushi restaurant!  When Toshi's first opened, it became a weekly hang out joint for us because it was local, intimate, and delicious!  Toshi is probably the most accommodating sushi chef that I have ever met!  He is so sweet and amazing.  He is what makes this place work, and is definitely the soul of this establishment.  With his unique creative sushi rolls and amazing stories that accompany them, you just cannot NOT have a good time.  He drinks with you, laughs with you, and is just an amazing sushi chef that cares!  You don't see his wife too often because she is usually cooking in back while he manages the sushi bar.  They are just good people!Due to circumstance and the busyness of life, I have not been around to regularly visit Toshis.  Upon my return today, he welcomed me back with open arms shouting my name!  I ordered my usual - which he remembered perfectly!  I always order my special beef roll!  New York Steak!!  With my dietary restrictions, I am probably the only Asian person in the world that can not have soya sauce - yup, thats right! soy sauce!!  So, instead of the traditional soy sauce, he replaces it with either sea salt and lemon juice or his special sea salt concoction.  Delicious!  Hands down to the best beef roll!!  I like his kobe beef roll too, but it just does not compare to the flame-torched medium rare New York Steak beef roll!  Yum! Yum! Yum!!!Granted Toshi's is not a fancy-schmancy hip joint, but it is a great sushi bar that serves amazing sushi made by an awesome Toshi!  With friendly staff and service, it provides a very comfortable atmosphere where one can just come in alone for a sushi roll and late -night drink.  The later you come into this place, the more drunk you will probably find Toshi - but his sushi is always consistently yummy!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,2/6/2010,1078,989,7,9,8>I rarely eat in Irvine, especially Asian food. Why should I? I live close enough to Little Saigon, Koreatown, and Costa mesa where all the Japanese congregate.However, my Irvine friends convinced me to try Capital Seafood because its their favorite dim sum place. I know that there a quite a few locations of capital seafood in Rowland Heights, Arcadia, etc, I was down to try.This place surprised me. The service was on point for New Year's Day [thank god for asian people on large national holidays]. The tea pot was always full, and carts and trays came by frequently with hot steaming yumminess.We got the usual shu mai, ha kao, shrimp dumplings, rolled dumplings, fried taro, and wonton soup. Everything tasted fresh and was quite good. The spicy sauce my friend made sure to get was fantastic. It had a great kick and it just kept coming as soon as one was finished. I really like the mini dumpling that was filled with soup inside, so you had to take the whole thing or you kill experience. I think I had about 5 of those and wanted more.I ate a lot and only spent $10. Pretty happy start to the new year.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,2/4/2010,355,278,23,23,17>Ever since I moved back to OC, I've seen more hairstylists than the Duggars have kids. But, unlike them, I know when to quit. I just found my hairstylist fo' life. And Christina Sanchez is her name. This lovely hairstylin' goddess knew EXACTLY what I wanted for my hair and she exceeded all my expectations. My hair color is perfect as was the haircut. The lady has some mad technical skills. Unlike another popular OC hairstylist, she didn't touch my hair with a razor. Her shearing skills alone are pure magic. I felt like one of those housewives getting her hair did by Edward Scissorhands. You know that feeling? If you don't, book yourself an appointment asap. Shanghai Salon is very chic, with a modern and stylish decor, and everyone is very friendly. This is a full service salon and they use Davines hair products, which I had never used before but now I love. The salon offers free bang trims and $25 root touch-ups for existing clients. Also, make sure to look out for amazing deals via Twitter and Facebook. Shanghai is also the sister salon to the Matador Alcove next door. The Matador is a men's salon/barbershop/bar but, unlike other men's salons, the ladies are welcome to stop by and hang out. Make sure to at least peek your head in while you're there. It's very cool, in a man-cave kinda way. If you wish to imbibe during your salon visit, Christina will serve you a fabulous cocktail. Ask her for the Tinto de Verano. I could've stayed all afternoon drinking those up. Actually, I think I did. I'll be back soon for a Brazilian Blowout, a hilarious chat-fest with Christina, and a delicious drink. Now that's what I call a perfect day at the salon.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,2/3/2010,526,808,10,15,13>Woohoo! I think I'm in love. I live about 5 minutes from this amazing gem...and every time I go hiking here I am in pure awe. :-) Who knew that such beautiful sights could be so close to civilization. Went hiking here with my mom--she didn't think it'd be anything special considering the start of the trail is literally in a shopping center. I assured her over and over that it'd be awesome, and she would have no regrets. There are many different trails in this park. Most, on average, are around 6-8 miles. The trails are great for walking, riding a bike or running/jogging. My mom and I went walking about 4 miles today (mom couldn't quite make it around one whole loop...but there is next time!) There is just so much wildlife and plants on these trails, I feel like a little kid every time I go hiking here. I'm the one always saying "oh oh, look at that tree...oh oh, look at that bird!!" Also, beware, there are dangerous wildlife that live in here as well. Mountain lions have been known to pray on unaware people. Sad stories. I would suggest roaming these trails with a buddy just to be on the safe side. The park does charge you $3 to park in front of the trails (or you can cheat like me and park in front of the nearby Ralph's where it's free). There are also porta potties right at the foot of the trail, so if you have a small bladder (like moi) go to the restroom before your 2-3 hike/bike ride/jog. Fantastic place to get away from everyday life, relax and have a good time. Happy hiking everyone!!!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,2/2/2010,2146,741,18,23,19>Awesome! I didn't know that car washes were so affordable. I went on a Tuesday and got my car cleaned in and out (vacuum and hand wash) for $10 not including tip. I was really confused about the whole process, as this was my first time (didn't own a car before), but the people there were really nice.I drove the car to this place to get vacuumed, then went inside to pay, while they moved the car and hand-washed it. Waiting wasn't bad either...I waited outside OC style, with palm trees around me and hip-hop playing on outdoors speakers, while reading a Haruki Murakami book.In about 30 minutes, my car was looking pretty spiffy (considering it just got rear-ended a couple weeks ago). I could actually see outside when the sunlight reflected off my window! Not to mention, while they were vacuuming, they found the tiny stuffed panda I'd lost a few months ago, and placed it on the elbow-rest of my car. Happy me :3
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,2/1/2010,280,248,14,19,19>I wish that Yelp allowed for half stars cause this little treasure of a place really deserves 4.5 stars. I have to give it to Stanton, it is really putting out some really good places to eat - you have heard me rave about Mitsuyoshi and Park Avenue (both my reviews on these establishments made review of the day) - this place is one such place. Fellow yelpers have told the Dees that "You need to go and try out this place" and up until Friday night we simply nodded and said "yeah, we need to try that place out". Well, I guess Laura S got tired of hearing us say this and invited us to her b-day get together here on Friday night....God bless her! From the minute we walked in, the owner makes you feel like regulars....on your second visit (we went again the very next night - tonight) she makes you feel like family. This is where I have to totally disagree with Christine L and say that this place DEFINITELY knows how to take care of a large crowd! We had a large and rowdy crowd here on Friday and they handled themselves politely, professionally and even added to the fun and entertainment of the night. They know how to take care of a large group to a "T". The owner , Tracey, even started clearing the table saying, "Here Laura, I clean up so you can dance on the table for your birthday". What really got the group to giggle is when she was explaining a dish to Laura and told her "it's the BOMB!" What a lil spitfire she was! The great thing about going out with a bunch of yelper friends is that you get to try many different samples of food. The group that we were out with on Friday is a very generous group about sharing their food and drink.....the perfect people to go out with and have a good time! By doing this, I have been able to try dishes that I would have never ordered on my own...but would definitely try on my next visit. On this particular night, I went out on an adventurous limb and tried something new.....so unlike me! I usually just stay with a California roll for minimum fish in my selection. Tonight, I bravely ordered the Tempura California Roll (not to far off from the usual) and the next thing I ordered was the Fried Jalapeno Pepper stuffed with Cream Cheese, Spicy Tuna and topped with Roe (Holy Cow - this was good and Spicy) and then I ordered the Philadelphia Salmon and Cream Cheese Roll (this is now my new favorite...so much so, that I had to return on Saturday night and have it again!) I knew that in order to get a pure opinion on this place, I would have to return and revisit it since everyone always has a good time when they are out with friends.....so Chris D and I ventured back tonight and tried it just the two of us. We figured that we would just slip in and take a seat. Still friendly, courteous and fun service. From the minute we walked in, we were greeted warmly and welcomely. The owner (Tracey) is a slip of a woman who is spunky, lively, and full of vivaciousness! Our meal and the service was outstanding. I had the Philadelphia Salmon Roll again and it came with miso soup (this is really good here), salad (this is awesome here) and edemame and heart shaped melon for desert (people, this was about $5.50....can you friggin believe it!). Chris D had the Nabe Udon Soup.By the end of the meal, Tracey had taken the initiative to learn our names and personally tell us goodbye. The chefs came out and thanked us for coming and wished us a nice weekend.......isn't THIS what it is all about? In this economy, it is hard on these type of places to keep going and THIS is exactly the type of place that we need to support - they take pride in their restaurant, their food and their clientele. They show it in the quality of their service, their food and the ability to make you feel welcome. What also makes this place so great is their prices, cleanliness and the fact that they are literally right beside our house....we just got our coats and walked there. How cool it that!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,1/31/2010,410,600,12,14,17>this really isn't going to work. ever since i first discovered lola gaspar more than a month ago, i've tried to write a review summing up my feelings for the place. i came to a conclusion that words can't describe them. LOVE can't be translated into words, and i know it's love because i have a million butterflies in my stomach every time i whisper the name lola. my initial impression of this place, not knowing the menu at all, was that of small tapas bars you can see anywhere on the streets of barcelona, sexy, dark, sophisticated, charming yet mysterious. we ordered sangria and mojitos, and bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese were served on the house. this now is my favorite appetizer (i'd like to consider it as a dessert though. it's THAT good!) in north america. this is the big "O" of lola, so you don't want to leave the place without trying one. on my second visit, i tried their infamous habanero sauce and it sure ignited fire in my mouth. i enjoyed the perfectly grilled calamari, prosciutto topped crispy veggie flat bread, duct confit fries and even the banana bread pudding (yuck...bananas in general are just gross, even in desserts). every dish was prepared with the just right amount of seasonings to let the fresh ingredients shine and complement each other.  service at lola is delightful, down to earth and generous. the servers never cease to take care of customers with big smiles and appreciative attitude. and all of them are absolutely gorgeous and hip! a friend and i find the owners to be quite handsome and charming as well, so ladies, we have a share of our eye candies here too :). needless to say, the management put customer satisfaction as their top priority and they've done it right so far. like i said earlier, i've fallen for lola, and it seems like the love affair will be carried on for a while. lola can do no wrong in my eyes, except that painting on the wall. she's quite ghastly looking (reminds me of tragic lolita by nabokov), yet the disturbing image fits the place oddly... yes, i am on first name basis with lola now...we are tight like that!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,1/30/2010,851,292,7,12,7>Wanna see the movies the old fashion way? OOOOPS....well let me rephrase that.....wanna watch the movies at the old fashion prices?All the above questions....please apply a YES to both!The movie house is patterned after an old movie house from the latter 20th century....that so ages me....hehe!Movies for $2 and on Tuesdays, you get in for a $1 per person.The movies that are usually being shown here are never really that old, so if you missed that must see movie, most likely you can see it here.Come one - come all - cheaper than renting for the real movie experience, unless you have the killer home entertainment system in your home. Which I do not!!  =(The theater does have the typical movie snack bar with slightly lower pricing than the typical modern movie house. Let's face it, with the price of your movie at $2 or less per person....deal with their snack bar pricing!  ;-pFour Yelp Stars!!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,5/11/2008,34,0,10,7,7>i want to give you girls something to ponder. due to my french ethnicity i not only have an abundance of coarse hair, i actually have two hairs growing out of most of my follicles. this accounts for my full head of hair and brutal waxing experiences. imagine having twice the hair ripped out. i used to wax myself with a Lebanese sugar wax but the female form is a daunting area to landscape. i was looking for a good place to go, and thanks to yelp recommendations i am happy to say my experience was better and less painful than anticipated. contrary to most of the recommendations, i didn't go to Olivia, but Alexis, the owner. she didn't necessarily put me at ease right away but was completely realistic and said "this is not going to be fun for you." we had a nice chat, which was a distraction from the pain.  if you have ever been tattooed for hours at a time (which i have) you will know the pain is worth the end result. she had some great advice about after care and soap use. although i have no qualms about showing my nasty bits to strangers, i encourage you modest ladies to suck it up and get your shit waxed. i swear its worth it.update 12/4/07i finally got to experience olivia today, and i will never see anyone else. she was so fast and sweet i couldnt imagine anyone else stripping me of my pubic hair.update 5/11/08olivia has moved! she is now at kayla's salon in costa mesa. its way better because i dont have to brave irvine, and high times is right next door!yelp.com/biz/kaylas-salo…
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2007,5/10/2008,124,153,4,8,8>House of Hayden is a unique, well designed bar right at the end of the Art District in Long Beach.I've spent many Saturday afternoons (post-shopping) at the House of Hayden and stumbled in there a few times after the monthly Art Walk held on that block.Dave and Jackie are truly wonderful people. And Aaron knows what he's saying when he says that she is one of the best bartenders in the state of California. She's attentive, friendly, doesn't sit and BS with you when you're talking to friends. Oh- and she pours a MEAN Oatmeal cookie shot. The bar is very spacious, dark, and very clean. The bathrooms (I learned) have fixtures taken out of a prison. If you ever get a chance to stop by, check out both bathrooms. There is only one pool table, so there is usually a wait, but if you hang around the table you're bound to make a new friend with one of the locals. This is not the place for early twenties and hipsters to come meet a hook up. In fact, it's quite the opposite. It tends to have a bit of an older group, sometimes some bikers, but truly some of the more interesting people you will meet in a Long Beach bar.I also like House of Hayden because they special $2 Miller High Life once in a while. After all, it is the Champagne of Beers and I'm a classy gal.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2007,5/9/2008,223,474,7,13,15>Cash only places seem to have the best food. Cinco de Mayo is one of those places. You can enter either through the front or back door- doesn't matter. Find yourself an empty chair, perhaps near the bar or underneath the neon juke box. The chips are light and fluffy and come with great salsa. Be sure to order a few fish tacos. The marinade in which they are prepared is fantastically flavored. I was so tempted to lick my plate when I was done- it is that good.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,5/8/2008,221,281,8,17,10>Dr. Barnard is the most thorough dentist I've ever met. He works a little differently than other dentists. The first visit is a full set of x rays, impressions, and a thorough exam of your mouth. Then you come back to discuss what he's found and start the treatment process. Turns out I have the beginnings of gum disease. Oh the horror! So I went back today, got the bad news, and was told I needed to have a type of deep cleaning called Root Planing (at least I think that's what it's called). It's basically the most thorough tarter scraping ever. I'm a total wimp when it comes to the needles, and when I got a little queasy after the novacaine shots, Dr. Barnard was really nice about it. Once I got over my wimpiness, he got to work. I experienced no pain and he worked fast.Best of all - I call him Doc and he doesn't even mind.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2008,5/7/2008,100,37,21,25,23>So I found this place on Yelp.  It was my first time here and it was DRAMA!Reservations were at 6:45pm on a Thursday.  My sister Peggy and I made special requests to have a private booth so we can relax and unwind after a long day's work.  We arrive on time and were told they had our table ready for us upstairs.  Ooo...upstairs, I thought, should be nice.  We follow the hostess upstairs and were led to a small, dinky table located right next to the guardrail overlooking the backside of the bar downstairs.  Peggy, who is scared of heights, reminded the hostess that we specifically requested a booth.HOSTESS:  "Let me check on that for you".In the meantime, my sister and I tried desperately to figure how to fit our king size menus on this checkerboard size table of ours without knocking over the wine glasses and utensils.    HOSTESS:  "We have one booth left.  If you don't mind sitting in an area away from the main crowd, follow me".To me, an area away from the main crowd usually means VIP and/or premium service.ME:  "Sounds good to me".So we follow the hostess into a separate section of the restaurant.  My first thought:  "It's EMPTY".My second thought:  "It's ok - we'll have our privacy".My third thought:  "Is anyone going to know we're in here?"Apparently not.  We sat, looked at the menu and started to feel lonely.  No one came to say hello or even looked our way.  After a long drive here from LA, I was in desperate need of some water or 80 proof alcohol.  Neither was brought or offered and after 20 minutes my loneliness quickly turned into anger.  I marched downstairs and got right in front of our hostess.ME:  "So did you seat us in an area with no service?"HOSTESS:  "What?  No...I told your waiter.  No one has came to your table?"Obviously.Back upstairs the little busboy scrambles by to bring us our bread basket.  Shortly followed was a piss poor excuse of a bitchy waitress acting like she was doing us a favor for even stopping by.  BITCH WAITRESS (hand on hip, chewing her gum):  "So it's just the two of you?"Obviously.BITCH WAITRESS :  "Well??"WTF?!  If they had served us drinks I would have tossed it at her.  BITCH WAITRESS:  "So do you want drinks, appetizers or what?"I'm pissed.ME:  "I need a few more minutes".She walks away smacking her gum and I am ready to walk out without really anywhere to go.  PEGGY:  "At least let me eat the bread.  I'm fucken starving".  Anger suppresses my appetite so I sit tight all the while realizing that no one has came back to our table since they left.  We grab our stuff and start walking out and run right into our hostess who insist that we speak with the manager.  *sigh*Fine.  I'm so tired at this point that I just wanted to get out and down some JD.  Screw the food.  I don't want to be served by bitchy bitches with attitude.  Especially after a complaint.  This is how spit gets in your soup.  After some coaxing and bribing - the manager convinced us to stay.  How could we not?  He offered us top shelf alcohol and sent it to the best table in the restaurant for us.  He promised to take care of us and he did.  AND he made sure everyone else did too!  We got a new waiter that was cute AND attentive.Shitlist to A-list in under 60 seconds.  The drinks were flowing quickly and freely and was served by the manager himself.  Our entrees come shortly after.  The Herb Encrusted Salmon Salad had great presentation and taste.  A definite must-try and repeat order for next time.Peggy ordered the Blackened Chicken & Shrimp Jambalaya which didn't look as pretty as the salad but still tasted good.  They also twisted our arms into ordering dessert.  We were already full but our waiter insisted and brought us out his favorite Peach Tart with Vanilla Ice Cream.  And before we even dug in, our busboy brought us out his favorite Key Lime Pie, and in his broken English said, "I pay for this one".  How sweet is that??!  And as amazing as both desserts were, there was no way we could've finished them.  We boxed them up and sat waiting for our check while chatting briefly with the staff.Finally, our check comes.  We open it up ---Total = $0.00Huh?  Are you serious?I couldn't believe it.  They comped our WHOLE MEAL!  I initially thought maybe they would throw in some free drinks and/or desserts but our entire dinner?!  Who does that?And after all the BS in the beginning, I'm ready to forgive and forget!! They really redeemed themselves and went over and above to make a potential unsatisfied customer into a repeat customer.  For that they deserve all 5-stars.  -1 for the bitchy waitress with the attitude. Get rid of her.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,5/6/2008,106,153,47,16,16>While perusing women's jackets at the Goodwill on 19th street, a funny Asian dude in a North Face Jacket and Green glasses, lets just call them green "emo glasses", abruptly came up and put two shirts in my face. His English was a bit broken, but I engaged anyways. The conversation went something like this:Him: Hey. You know labels? Nice labels, not fake bullsh*& poser labels?Me: stunnedHim: You speak English lady?Me: What? Wait. Yes.Him: You heard label PAPER DENIM CLOTH?Me: I have some jeans by them, but they are poorly made. Him: I dont f*&^ing care, are they EXPENSIVE?!Me: Yes, I guess soHim: Cool dawg Then, no joke, he does a double spin and disappears into the electronics section. About 4 minutes later, I have moved into the shoe department. Poof! There he is, and again, startles me. Damn, can't I look at thrift store shoes in peace? I am now wishing I would have left the store.Him: Hey dawg, what about this sweater (holds up a black wool metrosexual turtleneck)Me: Ugh, dawg, I don't do wool. It gives me a rashHim: Rolls eyes! NO dawg, is it expensive?? (getting frustrated)Me: Uh, well, lets clarify what you and I perceive as expensive.Him: (best part) Anything that I could wear to work!- I work in mortgageMe: Oh christHim: What, you don't like ballers dawg?! Me: NahHim: Dawg, your so stupid. I make so much cash, I make more than your boyfriend I betMe: Then why are you shopping at goodwill? Isn't the industry kind of...bad?Him: Fu%$^offThis was a real gem of a conversation. I felt like Daria. It was AWESOME. I kind of liked his metrosexual sweater, but no Mortgage BROker deserves fashion tips. Let me tell you, I have been shopping at this goodwill since the age of 12 (yes, my Mom is thrifty) and have found some AMAZING pieces. Missoni, Cacharel, Chloe, Marc Jacobs, Vuitton purses. Yada Yada. But now mostly its Mossimo brand. The moral with Goodwill, as with most thrift stores, you get what you pay for, material and environment wise. Whatever, I'll be back next weekend. I'm a die hard. Oh yeah, Parking can be a pain, you can always park next to the DMV, sometimes I park in the DMV, cause I am evil :MUHAHAHAHA:
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,5/5/2008,72,26,16,10,11>ahhh... brodard, brodard, brodard... can i call you brody?i know we've only met this weekend but i feel after our night together that we will definitely get to know each other more... do you mind if i call you brody?i can't believe i've been wasting my time with all those other wannabe brodys.  where have you been all my life?your pork spring rolls is enough to keep me satiated... but always coming back for more.  once i wrapped my mouth around your pork spring roll... i was in love!  lol... sorry... couldn't keep a straight face.  hahahaha... anyway, this place is friggin gooooooood.  after dinner my friend asked me how my first experience was... i said it was orgasmic.  he asked, "better than sex kind of orgasmic?"  and i had to think about that one for a sec... "nah... better than masturbating kind of orgasmic..."  hahahaha... oh how i love my friends.the pork spring rolls are so good... i think they put crack in it.  cuz some of us ordered another for the road.  since it was my first time, i played it safe and got eggrolls and bbq pork.  even that was so lip smackin good!  as is the case with friends, we tasted each others' dishes and everything i tasted was worth ordering on a future visit.  they don't serve pho... but i think i'd be getting full off of the pork spring rolls anyway.  can't wait to see where this new love affair goes...
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,5/4/2008,95,143,9,11,13>It's a rarity that I express "yelp gratitude".  Although I've sampled cuisine as a result of witty reviewer banter, most foodstuffs have been traditional, local selections that I would have tried regardless of suggestion.  Additionally, I don't really understand the idea of genuinely complimenting complete strangers.So, here goes: Hey yelp people, thank you for positively recommending Surati Farsan Mart.  The experience was fantastic and the food was near transcendent (that's right... transcendent).  I cannot begin to describe the amazing complexity of each dish that I speedily consumed.  Fifteen dollars purchased not only a feast of spicy depth, but a cultural experience as a whole. The same amount begat a patient group of employees, willing to recommend dishes and deal with my Indian food ignorance.  I will not waste time attempting to recap the dishes I consumed.  I will only tell you to drive as quickly as possible to 186th street in Artesia to engorge yourself on as much of this cuisine as is possible.  You won't be sorry.I love teh yelpz.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,5/3/2008,60,120,6,5,5>My job assigns me once a month to work in the hell hole also known as "Hawaiian Gardens." Hah! Hawaiian and Gardens my ass. But strangely, I look forward to my shifts there for two reasons: 1. proximity to Artesia for Indian food. 2. Canaan Restaurant. Note - this a review just for their lunch, as I have yet to find a reason to drive from SGV to Artesia for Chinese. But their lunch is deeee lish.For less than $6 (INCLUDING 20% tip!) - you can get1. small dish of sugared peanuts.2. small dish of leeks/fermented black bean3. bowl of soup4. plate of stir fry5. huge bowl of riceFor a few bucks more you can choose from a greater variety of dishes. My favorites are the classic pork and dried tofu, and 3 cup chicken. Thanks Mike L - heh heh - I can understand why you were a reluctant reviewer.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,5/2/2008,122,63,2,9,7>I came here for dinner via the Newport Beach Restaurant Week last night, for the first time ever to try their $35 prix fixe three course.  (And also to finally be able to afford to take my mom out for a nice French dinner)   I made a reservation the day of via Opentable.com, and two hours ahead of the reservation, I actually got a phone call from the restaurant confirming the reservation! When we arrived to the restaurant in the rain, there was a guy by the door to open the door for us and welcome us into the restaurant.  There was warm glowing ambient wall lighting and spare decorations, sparkling white tablecloths and drop-down spot lighting illuminating a fuzzy circle of light in the center of each table.  Food on each table glistened slightly.  We were ushered into a back portion of seating in the restaurant on a raised grading.  (I guess that was where they wanted to put all of the NPB Restaurant Week people, as that was what they asked me when they phoned)  We both ordered the Red/Yellow Endive Salad, and it was excellent.  The leaves were crisp and small, and arranged into a perfect mound in the center of the plate, with slices of caramelized pears stained red with beet juice fanning out from the edges.  The dressing was made from a combination of mustard seed, very mild minced soft cheese (something softer and milder than blue?), and crushed walnuts, which combined with the mild bite of the endive hearts for a fantastic nutty and rich taste.  I usually hate endives, especially when usually doused with balsamic, but this combination was perfect. During the course of the meal, the chef came out of the kitchen to personally greet all of us sitting at tables in the 'restaurant week' section.For the main course, I went for the "Duck Magret  with Caramelized Pears, Sauted Endive with Port Reduction."  The duck came as a cylindrical piece of duck breast cut into slices, with one side covered by just enough duck skin, which had been glazed and sprinkled with just enough brown sugar to crisp it, and a thin layer of buttery fat underneath to keep the roasted duck flesh moist.  It came on a bed of the diced endive and pear, soaked in the dark sauce of the port wine reduction.  The duck breast itself was tender, with the consistency of beef, but the subtle flavor of duck only revealed itself after a few bites, and the crisp slightly sweet skin crackled into the fat, which blended with the taste of duck.  It was so so soooo good. At the end I went for the souffle, which was a shallow flat pillow of a souffle with the taste of citron resting in the hollow of a dish, with a scoop of raspberry embedded ice cream placed on the center and accented by raspberries and blackberries.  I was so full that I couldn't finish the whole thing,  but it was the souffle of souffles.  The souffle wasn't a very raised one but it was more like a very light puff of air pancake, more about the golden brown skin crust than a foam consistency like other souffles.When we left, the chef was there to thank us for coming, and one of the waiters helped us into our coats.For $100 for two people this was an absolute bargain, a steal.  Super-magnifique.  Literally the best food I've ever had.  Probably the only fork-and-knife food I've had that has been able to match Chinese and other Asian food for flavor and presentation.  I am so charmed by this restaurant that (when I can afford it) I'll definitely come back to try their regular entrees (priced from $26-35 each).
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,3/24/2011,363,326,16,22,21>I seriously can't believe I haven't written a review for this place.  Che is something that tugs at my Vietnamese heart a little bit, but unlike other comfort foods such as winter melon soup, Vietnamese "curry style" chicken with french bread, and braised pork/hard boiled eggs (trung thit kho), che is easy to find and really hard to mess up. Thach Che brings all our favorite childhood desserts together into one.  Much like your favorite girl scout cookies or even your favorite color, EVERYONE has their favorite and there's never any rhyme or reason to it.  So, what you should order here really depends on your own preference.  I personally grew up eating che dau trang (black eyed beans with sweet rice) and this place delivers.  You could eat it cold or hot.  This is also an "entry level" dessert for those who are new to che as is the che banh lot (green tapioca jelly). Other things to order:Banh Cam (orange sesame ball)Xoi (sticky rice) which goes excellent with lap xuong (chinese sausage) or cha (vietnamse pork loaf)
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/23/2011,1027,405,17,22,20>This place is kind of hard to find, but with that being said...once you find, it's just glorious meat heaven from then on out.Located next to a Chipotle and a place called Which Wich?, make sure you find the Carl's Jr. landmark on the street because Joe S. and I got lost finding this place.  At any rate, we came on a Thursday and were seated pretty quickly.  We took full advantage of our restaurant.com coupon, but I also saw they do have Yelp deals they post online.  We ordered the Prime Beef and trio platter of ribeye, pork, and scallops (yelp.com/user_local_phot…).  I upgraded a dollar more for the scallops, but it was worth it.  Standard shabu shabu fare with the veggies and noodles.  I do love that this place offers brown rice.  The meat's marbling on the prime beef looked amazing.  A note I'd advise to newbies like myself...when the staff presents you with a mortar and pestle with sesame seeds in it, please crush them.  We were dumbfounded for a couple of minutes thinking what is this for, but then we realized what to do.  Those crushed sesame seeds with the Goma sauce were the highlight of my night.  That sauce was still on my mind after dinner.Also, make sure to get hot drops.  They definitely make a huge difference.  We got two drops each in our sauces.  All in all, from the meats, seafood, sauces, services, and ambiance...I say this place is the best shabu shabu place I've been to OC.  Beats California Shabu Shabu hands down in price and in portions.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,3/20/2011,220,123,25,30,26>Do you like real authentic Italian food? If yes, then Mama D's Italian Kitchen is for you!This place is superb. From the food to the service, everything is SPLENDID. I came here for the first time with my boyfriend and a few of his friends a few weeks ago. We knew that the wait would be long, so a few of us came early to wait for tables; I believe they waited for about an hour or so before they got a table for us, which is understandable because we came during dinner time. When I got there, there were hella people standing/sitting outside waiting, and it was super cold that day too. But what made me smile was that I saw the hostess walking around offering the people who were waiting outside garlic bread! Immediately I thought to myself, "Yay, we picked the right place to have dinner tonight!"They started us off with warm delicious garlic bread on the house! And it was UNLIMITED! You will probably think I'm lying, but it was the best garlic bread I've ever eaten thus far. It was so scrumptious. And what made it even better was this special dipping sauce that was made out of chopped up garlic, vinegar, and oil! HOLY MOLY IT WAS AMAZING! Everything sounded soooo delicious on the menu, I wanted to order everything, but I opted for the lasagna. My food was so good, and everyone else's food all looked so yummy as well! As I was devouring my lasagna, I looked around, and from the look on everyone's faces, they were all enjoying their food. We even got free chocolate chip cookies at the end of our meal! Yup, say no more, I was sold!Now onto their service. I don't think I've ever experienced such superb service before. They went above and beyond with their service. They were extremely attentive, and very friendly. Afterwards, our group wanted a group picture in front of Mama D's, and we asked the sweet hostess to take a picture for us, and without hesitation, she grabbed her coat (because it was freezing outside) walked outside, and took a picture for us. Well, maybe like 3 pictures because we had 3 cameras that night. Thank you, Mama D's for an amazing time. I will without a doubt return again soon.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,3/19/2011,1018,364,11,13,13>Oh you dangerous little café you... with your friendly service and freshly baked goods. I LOVE that you are conveniently located on the ground floor of The Job Space... and when I don't have time to pack a lunch, you never fail me!  The Dawn's Vegan Salad is my absolute favorite. It is packed with everything nutritious and delicious to see me through my day, without so much as a rumble from my tummy. Artichoke heart, avocado, green peas, carrots. Scallions, mushrooms, a bean mix of garbanzo, black beans, southwest corn mix, grape tomatoes and spring salad greens...It also comes with sunflower seeds, but I order mine without to save some calories. Seriously one of the best salads I've ever eaten, which is why I have at least one a week!The sandwiches on the menu are pretty tasty, too... My favorite is the Peanut Butter and Stuff... OMGAH - peanut butter and whole cranberry sauce with banana & apple slices piled high on wheat bread. NOT low in calories but OHHHH SOOOOOO GOOOOOD.  I also like the roasted veggies & goat cheese. Good stuff!I try to come guarded with blinders when I walk past the case beaming back at me in neon-signed pastry filled goodness. "ME!! ME!! Eat ME!!! The case doesn't REALLY have a neon sign pointing directly to the blueberry coffee cakes and rich, chocolaty delicious cookies staring back at me... but it might as well. Which is why I equally LOVE the fact that you can order online, choose the time to pick up your order, and make a quick beeline to the bookcase holding 'to go' orders and run out unscathed, waistline intact. Seriously good stuff here and the staff are always super friendly!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,3/17/2011,769,374,31,26,26>Da harasho (yes, good) is what I say to a Russian mail order bride and to Moscow Deli!I'm familiar with Russian food because my best buddy for the last 16+ years who I hadn't visited in Texas until recently is Russian (yup a communist Ruskie). I actually had lived with her and her chain smoking, crepe eating, Moulin Rouge working (seriously) French husband back in the day, in the Bay Area which is also where I learned quite a few Russian phrases. Useful phrases such as "hachu yaponski devushka" (I want a Japanese girl), "hachu peva pazhalusta" (I want a beer please), and of course "ya goloden" (I'm hungry) to a name a few. These are phrases I still commonly use, but as for French, I only learned how to make fun of my French ex-roommate Sharlez's (Charles) accent "no mo'nay, I got no doh'lah" because who doesn't make fun of the French!?I don't think most people are familiar with Russian food, yet I'm sure most have had beef straganoff(v) in the form of a .99 cent Budget Gourmet microwavable meal...ah capitalism! Luckily living with my friend Sveta from St. Petersburg, I got to eat a lot of homemade Russian food, and I also learned how to prepare several Russian dishes which include one of the quintessential Russian dishes "borscht" which is a beet soup. Definitely one of my favorites at Moscow Deli, but I also have to recommend that you also try their "meat soup"....yea, they simply call it "meat soup". No capitalist pig like name for it.Now, I'd probably simplify Russian food down to potatoes, sour cream, beets, and cabbage as some of the most common, anti-bourgeoisie ingredients which doesn't sound like the beginnings of some good food, but Moscow Deli is above average when it comes to how well a babushka can work their talents with golubzy (cabbage wraps), borscht, "meat" soup, and definitely their sandwiches. I should also say that I highly recommend a soup to go with the sandwiches or some estonska (spelled out "estonskaya") deli meat to take home for a snack or for breakfast along with some Russian rye because hopefully you'll be eating this the next morning with your mail order bride Oksana who closely resembles Anna Kournikova.I have a fondness for Russian food because I love the culture because it was the vodka drinking Russians who kicked ass with their impressive Mig 29, Sukhoi Su-27and the Pugachev's Cobra maneuver, the Afghani killer Mil Mi-24 Hind E Russian Attack helicopter (until the stinger came along), and the star of many movies and weapon of choice for the Bank of America shoot out in LA, the much loved 7.62 Automatica Kalishnakov rifle the AK-47. It's all this that makes me crave some Russian food, and a die-hard comrade of Moscow Deli.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,3/16/2011,939,379,16,25,18>I have been dieting and felt a meat deficiency and came here for an AYCE dinner for $16.99. I had a choice of brisket, marinated beef, chicken, pork belly, beef tongue, and intestine. We ordered brisket, marinated beef, beef tongue and intestine to try. The verdict was in and I can live without the intestines. The brisket and marinated beef was very good and we stuck with those for the rest of the dinner. Good quality fro AYCE. The tongue was good but I rather stick with the meat. Their banchan was good and there was a nice selection of it. What really impressed me was their service! Our banchan was never empty. The glasses of water were always filled. The servers were very attentive and it was just awesome because most AYCE has really bad service but not over here. Service definitely makes a dinner THAT much better. Just as an fyi, if you want the salt and sesame oil you have to ask for it. I definitely got my share of meat and was feeling pretty good. I guess more dieting after this meal.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/15/2011,783,765,23,24,24>Rarely do things intimidate me but for some reason Shabu Shabu has been a trend that I have somehow avoided.  Maybe it's my poor chopsticks skills or the memory of having a napkin light on fire that I set on the table at benihanas when I was 8. Time to conquer the fear.This is an excellent place to lose your Shabu virginity - as the servers are super nice and very detailed about how to use everything and what's going on. They put me at ease quickly.I wasn't so much in a meat mood so I just ordered a veggie plate. At first I thought everyone else got my same thing - but then I realized they set out veggies to everyone first ... so basically they forgot my food. The server realized it halfway through and said she'd take it off ... I still got charged for rice though, which was $9.50? I can understand though - there is a lot of veggies and sauces and stuff so I figured it was worth the price.Long story short - if you haven't got your shabu shabu on now is the time - and if you are in the area, come here.***The Hot Drops are amazing*** You can buy a bottle for $20. I'm all over that. I love heat that doesn't compromise flavor and you have that with the hot drops!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,3/14/2011,412,769,26,30,26>I wanted to get some produce at Farmer's Harvest and remembered this place is in the same parking lot. It's very chilly outside and notice they only have a hand-full of poorly placed heaters so we request inside. While waiting I'm noticing no visa/mastercard sticker on the door. I inquire and am told "We're cash only". Panic hits since I don't have any cash and I say "Ok... well.... take us off the list, I guess we'll eat somewhere else." The host not wanting to loose my business points out that not only do they have an ATM inside but there's a Chase bank ATM on the other side of the parking lot. For some reason I chose to trek all the way across the effing lot to Chase. I put in my card, punch in the pin and dollar amounts... agree to the three effing dollar surcharge just to see "Transaction Denied" blinking on the screen! WTF?!!!! I walk back to the restaurant and see my wife is already seated after only a 5 minute wait. I use the ATM inside the restaurant which only has a $2.25 fee and it dispenses cash no problem. First off, the service here is excellent. Everybody we encountered was friendly and efficient. Coffee was constantly being refilled. I ordered the corned beef hash which came with two eggs which I ordered poached, two pieces of toast, and hash browns. Even though the corned beef hash was your standard out of a can after the complete crap I had last week at Gourmet Cafe & Pie it tasted like a plate of heaven. It was crispy around the outside how I like it and topped with the poached eggs and some tapatillo made for a perfect breakfast. It's ashame they don't make a version from scratch but it still hit the spot. Hashbrowns were golden brown on the outside and tender on the inside. Yum! Donna had the french toast made with Hawaiian bread. Wow! I'm not really into french toast but after a few bites I've changed my mind. It was sooooo good. Great little place, I'm a fan!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,3/13/2011,859,701,12,15,14>Kean coffee is a fantastic and popular place. The crowd there was diverse ranging from the college student with textbooks at their tables to older and younger people. They have a kid's menu, drinks made with ice cream, nice baristas and good, piping hot coffee. I tried their Costa Rican coffee. I wanted to try their Butter Toffee coffee after reading about it on their Twitter feed about a week ago but it was already gone. Note: I received a nice message from Martin and Karen Diedrich of Kean Coffee. The Butter Toffee mentioned on Kean's Twitter feed is not a coffee; rather, it is a candy. Even better, I can eat it with one of their coffees the next time they stock it.They have Guatemalan and Costa Rican coffee in stock normally. They also sell a variety of whole beans. Remember, light and moisture are enemies of your coffee beans. Keep your beans out of the refrigerator. Those are just some tips for you.I also tried their frittata made with eggs, cheese and bell peppers. This was big enough to share and tasted fresh and delicious. After reading in store that they have latte art, I thought I might order that on my next visit. Not every place does latte art.Parking gets crowded here because this is a great place. You'll find a spot.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/12/2011,457,459,13,12,11>5 stars for the fact that the nail polish stays on for weeks, rather than days!I've been to this particular location a handful of times now and today was by far the busiest I've ever seen it.  I was desperate to get out of the house for a few hours as I could feel the walls closing in on me, so I decided my escape would be a relaxing pedi.I got the Deluxe pedicure for $30 + tip and it includes callus remover, scrub, mint lotion, reflexology massage and the wet hot towel thingy which I don't really understand.  The ladies here are all very friendly and they have a large variety of OPI nail polish.  I love that when they paint my toes that the polish literally doesn't chip for at least 3 weeks.  The downside?Its across the lot from In N Out so by the time you leave, a cheeseburger is calling your name...
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2007,1/30/2007,103,207,1,4,5>good god.my friend and i were wandering the streets of belmont shore, and i was taking him to all of my favorite spots, and then it dawned on me...isn't there some sort of cupcake place that i read about on yelp.com (no, i'm actually being serious, that's what occurred to me...)?so, i thought someone had said that it was by paul's place (*shudder*), so i kept my eyes peeled.  when the glorious cupcakery came into view.i forced him inside, and i asked the nice girl behind the counter (who was playing clap your hands say yeah and interpol--so i automatically like her) what she recommended, and what the customer's favorite was.her favorites spanned the entire array of cupcakes (can't blame her though...), and she said that the red velvet was hands down the customer's fav.  so my equally excited friend and i split one (hey, they're kind of expensive...), and i took an oreo cookie one home to my husband (who was beyond thrilled).i'm stoked that there's a little place like this tucked away in belmont shores.  i'm sure i'll be back to fulfill my cupcake craving.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2007,1/29/2007,23,102,,2,3>What an awesome place to visit!!  Seriously, if you're looking into soaking up a bit of culture on your weekend afternoon, head to the MoLAA.  So worth the $3 student entry.  (Yes, it really is that inexpensive). They're in the process of expanding.  I'm so excited to go back and visit it again.  So excited in fact, that Lori K. and I each signed up for a membership.  The student membership is only $20!!! That's crazy talk.  And, they gave each of us a free tote back.  You get 10% off in the store, 10% off at their cafe (you know I'll be yelping that soon) and you get to bring in guests for free!!  They also have really awesome looking special events, which I can't wait to attend.  It's so close by, I wouldn't pass it up.Seriously, plan a day o' fun and make the MoLAA a definite stop on your list.Alright, update:  Long overdue update, but you'll take it and you'll like it.  I finally hit up one of the special events at the MoLAA.  It also offered me a chance to check out the expansion.  The permanent collection is still, well, permanent, but now they have all this space for those special events and special exhibits.  I attended the opening of an artist from Brazil.  The area for the special exhibit was hyuge.  The artist had three different collections, which he displayed in three different rooms.  Also, the special event itself was in a separate hall, with some speakers, the artist himself and then entertainment.  You heard it folks--Brazilian entertainers.  Frantically dancing in ridiculous high heels, wearing ridiculous amounts of, well, nothing--except feathers and sequins...The event also had dessert--yummy individual creme brulee`/flan was my favorite AND free tequila samples.  Who's a happy lady?  There were so many other events to attend, and for free--throughout the entire year!  I don't know if prices have changed any, but if you're a study, shell out the 20 bucks and you'll make your investment back ASAP!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,1/28/2007,20,233,,4,6>Great wine bar in Fullerton.  A glass a day is good medicine for all!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2006,1/27/2007,99,10,4,2,3>Living only 10 minutes away is a blessing! My favorite is the Channa Batura. The bread is ... how do you say ... THE BOMB! This HUGE, fluffy deep fried bread is ... how do you say... DELICIOSO! Muy! hehe. This is a must for those that would like to experience Indian food that is different than your typical (but still awesome) Paneer and Khorma and Tikimasala stuff. Oy! I only have given this a 4, because i have heard that there is Batura that is even better... I will let you all know. :P (added) Ok.. so get this.. after writing the above... i just had to go ... like now. So i went. DAMN. The other place that my friend Ankur mentioned to me was Ambala Dhaba or Ambala Express. On Pioneer also. 18413 Pioneer Blvd. That review is next. I will let you know. Burp!! DAMN that was good!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2007,1/26/2007,30,46,2,3,2>When I tell people I shop at the Vons in Garden Grove, they're say, "You mean Garbage Grove? Hahahah."  Riiiiight...Well, this Vons is NICE.  You walk in, and there's rustic wooden floors that lead you to the produce section.  They ALWAYS have tons of fresh produce and it always looks so nicely arranged.  Even when an item is on sale, they're plentiful.  I can't say I've ever asked for a rain check there because they don't seem to ever run out of stuff.The employees have definitely been trained to be polite and very customer-service-friendly. I'd say that 80% of the employees that walk past me say one of the following:* Hi, how are you today, Miss?  Can I help you find anything?* Hello/Good morning/Hi.  Are you finding everything okay?Although I can get a bit tired of saying, "No thanks, I'm good" it's better than searching for an unwilling, grouchy employee to ask for help.At the checkout stand, they always offer to help me take out my groceries.  And they wait for your answer cuz they really DO care.  So, not only do they have fresh produce and nice employees, but they also have Panda Express and Starbucks inside (I don't care much for the latter...).  I've also noticed that they have DVD rentals for a machine for something like $1.49 a night!  You just pay with your credit card.  I have yet to do this, but considering it's at a very friendly and trustworthy Vons, I'll give it a try.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2006,1/25/2007,30,62,,7,2>So I started going to get my hair cut at my friend's hair stylist the last few months. I found out that she just opened up her own hair and nail care salon last week and I had to go support her especially since I would have no idea who to get to cut my hair better than her.  Her new place is tucked away off of Main St. (Historical Main St. to be exact) between Brookhurst and Euclid, north of Garden Grove Blvd.  Stepping out onto the street was like taking a jaunt into the older days of Orange County.  A lot of mom and pop stores and people just hanging out on benches after a nice meal.  Her shop is no different, with a quaint and friendly feel that makes you feel at ease.  Anyways... got my haircut... she shampooed my hair once before the cut and once after and is very proficient at her trade.  She's the only one working right now until she can find a staff to hire.  They allow walkins but just call to make an appointment just in case.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2006,1/24/2007,11,88,12,2,4>It's my understanding that some patrons have completed their doctoral thesis while waiting in the checkout line during the Holiday shopping season.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2006,1/22/2007,38,79,1,7,4>i love going to this place. it reminds me of high school and undergrad. the best part of this place was they had a great selection of songs. songs that you couldnt find anywhere. however, the last time i was there, they revamped their song selection and my favorite songs are gone. therefore, i gave it 3 stars instead of 4. i still like this place but the machines need some updating. they dont always work when you put in songs.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,1/21/2007,25,46,2,4,3>Authentic Japanese Food served by Authentic Japanese People. Good for a late night meal. Its one of the only places open in Fountain Valley past 10 because FV is boring like that. This place is known for it's grilled dishes. Chicken/beef heart/ blood/ gizard/ this place has the best of it. Also the combination plates make a good meal. I like the sesame chicken and ponzu, but everything else is good. Its all about the potatosalad that it comes with. GOod place to go drinking late night too, but they only have kirin by the pitcher. or was it sapporo? Service is good. Sometimes the grilled dishes take a while and you have to remind them but other than that the other foods came out pretty fast and this busboy named Manuel will refill your drinks even if they are half full. Overall this place is a great place to go if you want an authentic japanese experience. You gotta try the grilled dishes and sake/beer for the full japanese experience. An endless amount of stuff to choose from so everytime you come you can eat something new.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2007,1/20/2007,416,1074,4,3,3>Should I be reviewing a sushi place?  Probably not.  Even though I'm a vegetarian, I'm not actually a big fan of vegetables (or, apparently, my health), so basically anytime I go for sushi, I have a cucumber roll and an avocado roll...which is what I do at Sushi Studio.  And I will note that they are cut into appropriately mouth-sized pieces, which a lot of other places don't do with avocado rolls, thus making you have to take two bites and the second falls apart.  However, if I didn't feel so guilty about always being broke, I could order from the vegetarian options, of which there are at least half a dozen creative ones in their very own section on the menu.  And truthfully, I'm happy just looking at the menu, because it's in COMIC BOOK STYLE!  It shows the story of how a Thai fighting chef and a sushi fighting chef fought each other so equally that they felt their styles should merge and they ought to jointly open a restaurant in a motel parking lot.  I shit you not.Speaking of the parking lot, it's too small to accommodate both the restaurant and the motel customers, but it also means you can take your time pulling forward and backing up so as not to hit anyone, while some giant stupid SUV waits for your spot and you snicker to yourself.  The restaurant itself is also crowded.  You can sit at the sushi bar in the center of the room, or at the tables scattered around the sides.  If you're bringing more than one other person with you, you may have to wait for some time.  The service itself is fairly fast, and I have yet to hear one of my friends complain that their non-vegetarian sushi wasn't delicious.  Sushi Studio has many kinds of non-traditional rolls with kooky names, and while maybe it's not the most authentic place to eat sushi, it's pretty fun.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/18/2010,280,248,11,15,15>On Sunday - before shopping...the hubby turns to me and says "should we check out this cool place Eugine told me about that is WAY out of our way or should we check out Front Porch BBQ that has really low stars but is right by the Trader Joes that we were shopping at?"I say, "Why would we waste our money on food that the yelpers have given only 2 stars....let's get our moneys worth and take Eugines advice". So off we went.....me silently hoping that Eugine Y. didn't stir me wrong and I just took us miles out of our way for nothing.To our suprise this restaurant was pretty good.  I didn't smell any wood smoke but the meat was really tender and said to have been cooked for hours.  When I asked about what was good on the menu - the male server was very helpfull but the girl let us know that she had no idea because she didn't eat meat......(I silently cringed, knowing that this was a big pet peeve of the hubbies when a server says this.  My suggestion would be to just say "I know that many of our customers LOVE the tri tip and the Pulled Pork.  That is what they order the most here").They serve the drinks in chilled glasses and you get free pretzel bites for appetizer and free choc/chip cookie for dessert.  I got the pulled pork with sweet yams and (you guessed it) mac & cheese.  The yam was sugary, buttery and delicious and the mac & cheese was made with Velveta so it stayed creamy and smooth even after I reheated it that night for a second meal.  My meal was around $12.00 and made two meals for me.  Great suprise was that Eugine did us good by the recommendation and there was a Trader Joes right across the street.....SCORE!!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,4/17/2010,2146,741,13,18,16>Beach #2, Corona Del Mar, is the more popular beach, if not the most popular in the area. To me, this is a bad thing. Parking is $10 flat rate, which is inferior to Salt Creek parking, unless you plan on parking for 10 hours+. There are also lots of people mulling about, which may or may not suit your needs. I saw a woman doing a trash the dress shoot, which caused me some pain--it was this beautiful white dress getting dragged about the waves and the sand. There were also a lot of ADORABLE little kids, often piggybacking on their fathers' shoulders.The beach is large and very clean and beautiful, bordered by multi-million dollar houses, not unlike Beach #1. There was a pretty area with rocks, a little cave, and a fake statue of a baby seal and its mother/father hiding in between some rocks. When night falls, bonfires abound.I caught the sunset (yelp.com/biz_photos/fLR4…) here. Check out the pictures above :)
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,4/16/2010,703,469,24,14,18>Cheap and good.I am drunk right now because I am very sad.  Mexican chocolate cupcake is probably the high point of my day.  $2 to alleviate depression?  I'm IN!Like I said, it's been a rough week.  But the Mexican chocolate is that good.  Something about the sugar crystals on top makes it taste like magic.  And not the kind of magic that David Copperfield claims is in his pants.The peanut butter bar is really freaking good.  It has roasted peanuts it in.  My god.  A dozen cookies for $3.95.Great friendly service.  A neighborhood treasure.  The cupcakes go great with wine.  Lots and lots of wine.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2009,4/14/2010,291,164,8,9,11>For the amount of time I spent living in this area, I can't believe I haven't tried this place yet. I keep hearing about it from my roomie, since it's his absolute favorite pho shop in town.It's very obscurely located, which is probably why I never knew of it. A trick I found out is to turn in the plaza with the liquor store on Brookhurst and drive to the back. It's easy to miss the place if turning form Hazard.The place looks fairly decent inside. I don't expect much out of a pho shop (it's not going to all fancy and you're not going to get great service, so stop wishing). There's carpet, which I thought was pretty odd. There's also a wall filled with Zagat rated awards? Impressive, I guess. Then again, I don't care too much about that. Zagat, smagat...I came to eat!I ordered a "Pho Tai Chin Nam" (sliced raw meat, brisket, and fatty brisket). It's not a number on the menu, but with pho you can have it your way. Kinda like a Vietnamese Subway haha.My food came out quick, and it was filled to the brim. Looks like a good portion of noodles AND meat. The soup is darker and murkier than typical. I swear it looked like I barely had any soup in my bowl, but it ended up being a good amount, surprisingly.So how did it taste? Excellent! The broth had a deep, rich taste. Lightly laced with fragrant spices. Sparse hint of any MSG. The meat was soft and tender. I would say this tastes the closest to homemade that I've ever had outside my mom's kitchen.It's a little pricier than most pho places, about $6-7 for a small (seriously, how do you compete with 50% off??). But for the amount AND quality of food that you're eating, you definitely get what you pay for.I love the fact that this place doesn't reek of pho. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. You leave the place and you smell like you splashed the soup all over you like cologne. The only major downside is that they close so early. 8pm?? My day is just barely starting then! My roommate has this lame joke about why this pho is the best. And you know what he says? "Because it's 79!" (referring to the year 1979, the year of his birth).Bad joke I know. At least the pho is stlil good!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,4/13/2010,851,292,12,19,17>We came from the Boiling Crab which was two miles away, but the wait was 45-60 minutes long....so I decided to tell my group about the alternative that I have always heard about....same food with "No Wait"....off we went two miles to the alternative, "Claws".With no major expectation,  I was still expecting a wait time in upwards of a half hour for our large group...I was pleasantly surprised to see that a wait time was nonexistent. We just had to wait for them to clean the many tables were left by many satisfied customers as we arrived. We ordered combo special of 3 lbs of any combination...our order included 2 pounds of shrimp and 1 pound of crab legs ($6 extra), 1/2 pound of snails, and sweet potato fries ($1.50 extra). Typical story though...they were out of crawfish...no worries! Also...we're Asian...RICE for everybody!!We were also concerned, because we did not know which sauce to order. We told our server that we came from the Boiling Crab and we wanted the Whole Sha-Bang Sauce....Claws' equivalent is the Cannonball sauce....it was tasty and the garlic chunks were huge! The shrimp was bigger than those served at the Boiling Crab....NICE! But the crab legs seemed smaller than those served at Boiling Crab....a simple observation.Let me tell you...I always seem to come to these places for the quality family time. My family loves this place! Everyone enjoyed the food many times over and wish they could of ate more because it was that good.At about $25-$30 person, as well as a automatic tip/charge for large groups. Also note that I ordered water as my drink, the price would of been higher if I were to have ordered a beer or soda.This restaurant is on my personal pricey end of restaurants.  Despite that big negative, I am still a BIG FAN.  4 Yelp Stars!!  ;-p
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,4/12/2010,1444,1073,8,11,11>It's the 28th day of my birthday month.  The days are running out; I'll be 29 soon and I was craving Thai food.  We had picked up an order to go before but had never actually eaten here so today we decided to stop by.  You would never know this place existed unless you lived locally and I mean in Rancho Santa Margarita in the expensive neighborhood across the street.  It's behind the huge marketplace near the IHOP and the Subway.It's tiny but the red decor and dragon paintings are kinda cool.  The waitress is cheerful and bubbly.  I remembered her from when we ordered the takeout and desperately tried to remember what it was we took home to go but that was a long time ago.  I got a Thai iced tea.  It wasn't all that great but maybe that's just because I'm over Thai iced tea and I've just had too much water lately and can't really stomach those sugary drinks anymore or it's proof with my upcoming birthday that I'm getting old and my tastes are changing.  My partner in crime got a Pepsi like from a real can that he had to serve himself.  Refills were extra so we either had to nurse our drinks or get some water.We got Thai egg rolls as an appetizer and ordered the basil fried rice, chicken curry, and spicy mushroom dish as our main courses. The egg rolls were 4 rolls of sumptuous perfection fried to a yummy crisp with an excellent sweet/sour sauce.  Our dishes were quite mouth watering too.  The basil fried rice is a mixture of Thai basil, peppers, mushrooms, carrots, onions all stir fried with a special chili sauce and garnished with cucumbers and ripe tomatoes.  The chicken curry came with potatoes and was in a rich broth of coconut milk and chili's.  The spicy mushroom dish had 4 different types of mushrooms: straw, shitake, button, and cloud ear all mixed together with peppers and other veggies in a garlic oyster sauce. The waitress asked us on a scale from 1 to 10 how spicy we wanted our food and we went with a generous 8.  It wasn't quite spicy even though there were fresh cut jalapenos in every dish but it has enough heat to get our noises to run a little.  Despite that, the food was savory and delicious.  We had the waitress's attention throughout the entire meal because hardly anyone dines in here.  Most of their revenue comes from walk in or phone to go orders so it was a little awkward at first to be the only two diners there but in the end we realized that our food arrived quick, we were well attended to, and had a pleasant quick and delicious experience with plenty of leftovers.  And the check came with some Trident to freshen our breath.  We thought that was a little strange but whatever.I will definitely be back for a dine in or a to go order considering the food is pretty cheap - all under $10.  They are pretty quick with the orders - about 15-20 minutes.  Thanks Pad Thai for being a part of my birthday month celebration.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,4/11/2010,769,374,14,13,11>Crashing waves, the ocean air, the sound of the waves breaking, medical syringes, the wet warm soothing sand running through your toes, and of course fresh seafood is what is implied when I hear "Seafood Cove". But instead, what you get is a massive collection of chewed gum stuck all over the sidewalk at the front entrance. Not the best first impression, and I wonder how the f*** did they not pay to have the sidewalk ever steam cleaned?? I could look past the cleanliness of the place, just like I can look past at how many guys some of my friendlier ex's have been through before me, but Seafood Cove walks a fine line. If you could care less how clean the front entrance is, then you're in for a good meal because the food here is one of the best values for some relatively decent quality food - we ordered: on choy, the duck (Nick H's great recommendation), clams in a ginger/green onion sauce?, and a very well prepared fish dish recommended by the waiter. Out of the dishes, the duck was an amazingly good deal because it was prepared two ways for only about $13, but everything was also very good. My favorite was the vegetables (yet standard fair) and the fish dish.Also, somewhat surprising is that the service was also unexpectedly better than most Chinese/Viet places (even on the night of Chinese New Year).I would definitely go back, but a giant wave needs to wash clean the front entrance and hopefully anybody lined up waiting for a table in front of us.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,4/10/2010,461,582,13,21,14>Roger's Garden is a favorite hangout of mine. I have been an organic gardener for 20 years, and have used more horse $h!it...er manure...than any used car salesman speaks. That and pungent fish emulsion are available at Roger's Garden. Get them on you, ain't no doubt you're an organic gardener or you don't bathe. Since both are high in nitrogen (for green foliage) you should also get some bone meal for potassium (for flowering) and rock phosphate (disease resistance). To control diseases and plant sucking, biting pests, I also use oil from the Australian Neem tree.  It is active for one day with no residue on day 2, and tell them suckers good bye. I also use black plastic mulch and compost for reducing weeds and conserving water. They have that, too.Starting in March, spring tomato and vegetable seedlings arrive.  There is no more danger of frost in So. CAL, so do it in the dirt like us gardeners.  If you decide on a tomato garden, here are my favorites  usually available at Roger's Gardens. I love a sweet and slightly tangy tomato, and love variety in color and shape.:1. Sungold - Orange cherry hybrid, pineapply, the sweetest tomato2. Brandywine Sudduth  - beefsteak, wins taste testes, low production3. Marianna's Peace - similar to Brandywine, first seeds handed to girl from dying father4. Hawaiian Pineapple - sweet beefsteak marbled red and gold 2 lbs. late 5. Cherokee Purple - Brownish purple color, unusual taste/color6. Japanese Trifele - brown, eggplant shaped complex tasting7. Sunset Red Horizon - tangy and sweet, early ripening, wispy leaves8. Early Girl - the top selling tomato seedling, very productive and early9. Evergreen - 1 lb.green with gold tinge, sweet with spicy undertones10. Speckled Roman Paste - yellow red striped paste, beautiful, tastyI've grown maybe 65 other varieties from white to orange to pink to almost black. Ask around or check the descriptions to make your selection. The ones above are my personal must have favorites. They have a knowledgeable staff RG that can help you with most questions and suggestions.  Don't forget to buy a support for your tomatoes which if grown in the ground can grow 6 feet tall/long up to 25 feet (Sungolds and Early Girls have been known to do this if conditions are right)They have also lots of peppers and eggplants of all shapes and sizes from hot to sweet, long and fat.  Habaneros are easy to grow but tough to eat without a lot of water and a love for punishing heat. Eggplants colors range from white to Turkish Orange, to white, to light green, purple, and purple and white.  My other favorite is melons.  They change their seedling and seed offerings yearly, but if available - get the Ambrosia (Farmer's market favorite), light green fleshed Haogen (Israeli melon with a sweet pineapple aroma and taste, outside is smooth green- deep gold color), Charentais types (French), and super aromatic and sweet green fleshed Galia Mediterranean type.  You can find these melons at $2-$5 each at the farmers markets. If you grow these, people will love your melons.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,4/9/2010,65,148,9,17,17>I was debating whether or not to write this review because more and more people are discovering this place.  I shouldn't be selfish by depriving this place a well deserved 5 star review.The Yelp app did it again.  With my iPhone in hand, I did an "Omakase" search in my area.  Many expected places came up like Sushi Wasabi, Ikko and Wasa.  However, this place called Nana San, with an average of 4.5 stars, peaked my interest.  After reading reviews, I learned this is the new venture of an ex-Angotei owner.  I was indeed an Angotei fan so my next sushi outing will surely be at Nana San.With a brief wait, we scored seats at the sushi bar.  I don't need a menu or that rectangular sushi checklist.  Only 1 word is needed to take my order...Omakase!  That basically tells the sushi chef that you're lazy and hungry.  And because their Omakase isn't a fixed menu, the chef will ask you a couple questions to learn your taste and off you go.  Again, it's not a fixed menu so it'll likely be different every time and you can stop whenever you want.  That's the best!Everything was excellent.  Some very fresh and well selected seafood.  The nigiri rice was perfectly prepared.  That is so important in great sushi.  People, please take it easy on the shoyu (soy sauce).  Many items are already seasoned so it should be enjoyed as is.  From the 1st piece to the last, everything was mouthwatering delicious.Not to mention the extremely friendly and happy staff, nothing but smiles and friendly conversations.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,4/8/2010,747,442,9,13,11>OMG, this is now my ultimate favorite local Thai Restaurant - free Thai Iced Tea, free bottled water, free dessert!?!?! Dining out can't get better than that! Not only do they have lunch specials for $5.95 from 11-3pm but they also have dinner specials for $8.95 from 3pm-closing. Now how awesome is that?! Just keep in mind that it's a tiny and cozy restaurant so don't try to come with a party larger than six. As for service, it's superly awesome; they are so friendly and they totally hook you up. Unlike most places with a small selection to choose from for the Specials, this place has up to 25 options and it's offered everyday! It was so good that I came two days in a row for lunch and dinner; first time around I ordered the Pad Thai and it came with a salad, egg flower soup, an eggroll, bowl of rice, and the entree - the Mango Sticky Rice was given to us for the free dessert. Second time around I came for dinner and ordered the BBQ Chicken and it came with the same thing but in addition we got two fried wontons per person, and this time around the free dessert changed to strawberry ice cream and fried banana wontons! Yum-yum good!You would think that at that price the quality of the food would be nasty, but that wasn't the case at all, everything was up to par and delicious, total satisfaction all around especially in the tummy. Particularly the free fried banana wontons drizzled with chocolate syrup - so good!!! Just cross your fingers that that's what they give you for the free dessert. As for the entrees, the portions were pretty generous, I was able to take half my meal home both times that I was here. Kudos to Thai Gulf, can't wait to come back to try the other items on their menu!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,11/30/2011,127,199,12,16,13>This restaurant has so much going for it... (Read bacon). I started with the gin blossom, magically delish. It was like kool aid with booze. Already a good start. Then we had the 6 and 6. It was like a hangover food -a frat boys dream! Greasy and flavorful. I loved the mac and cheese, and the onion strings and sweet potato fries.mmm from there the vampire dip... Garlic and cheesy. While most of my friends did the burger, I went rogue and had the BBLAT. This dish was the size of my head! The bread was Texas toast and toasted. the bacon was ample and crispy( and I didnt have to ask for it to be crispy!!!! Yea!). And the avocado was spread like mayo. To me, this is a sign of a good sandwich. Avocado always slides out when just sliced and placed on the sandwich. Kudos to thinking of the end product.Davy was funny and entertaining and the service was great. I also noticed a wall of beer selections for the beer drinking. I was able to meet the owner who was friendly and genuinely concerned that we had a positive experience. All in all, my experience was top notch!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,11/29/2011,537,495,21,21,21>The name says it all!  I can see why Laura S is the Duchess here!Thanks to Mel M and Laura S for introducing me to this place.  When I think of Gothard St, it's because of Classic Camaro store is located on this street, but that has changed as of today!  How lucky am I to have been invited to a PYE(private Yelp Event).  It was nice seeing my fellow Yelpers on a rainy day and for the moment we were there- the sun was actually shining.  Deli-licious is not open on Saturdays and how nice were they to open up just for us!  But I think they're going to be open on Saturdays from now on!  Woo Hoo.  I might just stop in on a weekend since I can't make it during the week.  Their hours of operation are only 10-4pm M-F.There wasn't much of a selection for vegetarians, but they did have a few sammies for me and wifey.  But for the meat lovers, they serve Boars Head!  It's a cozy little lunch spot and I like all of their little added personality added into this little deli, from the napkin holders, to the pics on the walls and the personalized chairs so the funky thing standing by the entrance of store.When I walked up to the register, I told them how much I loved buns! I was craving their Ultimate Creamy Tomato Soup or Mom's Homemade Mac and Cheese, but sadly it has either beef or chicken base in it! Damn!  But thank goodness they were honest about it.  I ordered Sue's Chicken Avocado Caprese sans chicken(avocado, roma tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil chiffonade and lemon caper mayo on a ciabatta roll) and wifey ordered Robin's Grilled Veggie and Provolone Panini(grilled, sliced zucchini, marinated artichokes, roasted red peppers, pickled jalapenos and provolone served on ciabatta bread).  Thank goodness I'm able to split my sammy with my wifey because her sammy was looking real good.I was sold on the first bite!  Damn, them buns were awesome so firm yet soft that it didn't stab the roof of my mouth.  I am not really a fan of jalapenos and wifey's panini consisted of pickled jalapenos.  Wow, it packed a nice kick to it and the flavor made it great even though I had to take them out because I couldn't handle the heat after a couple of bites.  My sammy was soo good I know I could live without having the chicken in it. The prices are on the high end for a sammy, I was hoping for at least a pickle to go with it or chips.  But it was worth it!  Oh, I almost forgot to mention, the cookies. It was so good I had to have two. Damn, there goes my work out prior to making to the event.  It was BYOB, so that pretty much went away when I washed the cookie down with PBR.What a relaxing way to spend an afternoon with my OC Yelpers.   If I could leave you this one message- BUNS are delish that it didn't really matter what was in between, but in this case-hot damn veggie tasty sammies just hit the spot for me!!!  I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,11/28/2011,2141,534,10,19,21>AMAZING PLACE! THANK YOU OC WINE MART for letting my have my bday party there!Did you know you can have special events here? Well if you don't know.... now you know coz I'm telling you. :pNot only is OC Wine mart a clean and organized mart to buy a wide selection of wines, beers, drinks, but they have an area for wine tastings as well. they have the enomatic system that provides wine tastings. All you have to do is insert your wine card and you can try all the wines you want. It's perfect because you get a wider variety of tastings and if you want more of a particular wine, you can get more. I love that because other tastings limit you to just a few wines. At my party, me and my guests were able to taste 10-15 different whites and reds. I also hired a private sushi shef caterer to feed my guests. XT Patisserie macrons were for dessert. Everyone had a blast! The venue is intimate and warm. People mingled, drank, ate and were buzzed and happy.Next time you have a bday, mixer, corporate function, think about doing it here. It's different and very interesting. Julie and her staff are on point, professional and super attentive. I totally recommend this place. Check it out soon!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,11/27/2011,291,119,26,27,27>This is as close to the [Jersey] shore you can get on the west coast without all the douchebaggery.  The past few times I've came, it can get pretty rowdy though: starving artists and musicians collecting tips out front; unnecessary cat fights about a guy that cheated on both of them; and of course inebriated bros and hoes looking for a warm bite before they get it in.  The name of the place makes you want to put on your extra small graphic v-neck and yell, "Taxi sono qui, yeah buddy! This is the best day of my life right here!" [If you don't get it, well, I commend you for not watching Jersey Shore].  And on any night, cabs definitely line up the boardwalk along with drunk patrons stumbling in and out of this dive donut shop.Are their high ratings credible and relevant?  Definitely!  Seaside is popular because they're family operated [by Asians] and open 24 hours, 7 days a week.  I'm Asian, so let the truth be told - Asians work hard and don't take breaks.  That's why sweatshops are all over Asia producing high quality items.  The owners bring to you that same ethical tenacity, straight from the homeland, producing hot donuts and croissants, day in, night out.  Combine that with western etiquettes, these guys are one of the nicest and animated people you'll ever meet in a donut shop.  They'll start a random conversation and interact with you and your group to keep your night or morning going.My personal favorite is their jalapeno ham and cheese croissant: a buttery golden, flaky crust baked to a soft perfection, oozing out white American cheese, stacked with generous helpings of ham, kicked up with roasted jalapenos delivered straight to your taste buds, you'll want to start fist pumping and dance that heat off the counter after sinking your drooling fangs into this delicious hot mess.Don't get it twisted, they're not fancy like the Donuttery and M&M's, they just keep it real and simple.  Like any other donut shop, they have your standard fare of donuts, coffee and hot chocolate, along with a few specialty iced/iced blended drinks closely resembling a frappucino, minus the high expense and pretension.Whether you're out fishing and want to grab something hot, looking to sober up from the bar, or just searching for free entertainment, this shop is the perfect stop any time of the week.  My only gripe is that it's cash only and they don't have ketchup packets.  Nonetheless, this is Newport's best donut shop and I have never been disappointed.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,11/26/2011,382,237,11,17,12>ABSOLUTELY ORGASMIC. And I rarely say that about anything. WOWOW, first words out of Nam were MMM!! We went around 8pm and there was no wait. I met the cool punk rocker chick everyone's been raving about and she is really nice!Side note, the phone number on Yelp is a personal cell number that's used when the place gets too busy. TO TEXT your order in, dial (714) 273-7922. We got the tuna grill ($6.75) and the famous ABC burger ($5.75 + $3.50 sweet potato fries combo upgrade). First things first, I don't recommend getting the sweet potato fry combo. It's not worth the extra $1.50 in my opinion. Stick with the shoestring fries and drink for only $2. Based on the recommendations, I also requested the dill dip. This is some great stuff. Tastes like yummier tzatziki sauce (better than CPK's anyway, that's the only place I've ever had it actually).The tuna grill, omg, so good. A bit small for 7 bucks, but so worth it. Tuna salad, big thick slices of bacon, tomatoes and cheddar. Kill me now, I've gone to Heaven. It all meshed together so well. I tried eating it really slowly so I wouldn't run out. But I actually wolfed it down because it was so damn good.The ABC burger, OMFG, SO GOOD. Yelp, you did not disappoint on this one. BELIEVE THE HYPE PEOPLE! Peter's deserves it. Avocado everywhere, bacon everywhere, my goodness this may be the best burger I've ever had. And I really don't care for burgers!! Nam made eyes like this O_O, in shock a burger could be this tasty. The avocado and mayo and mustard work like peanut butter and jelly, working together to make the smoothest, most awesome flavor. Even the pickle chips were delicious! We never knew pickles could be this good. Great place, good prices, FINGER-LICKIN' food. A hundred thumbs up if I could.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,11/24/2011,193,232,10,14,16>Why do I Yelp? The number one reason is to find great local businesses that have quality products, service, and good value, then share those finds with others. Some finds are gonna be misses, but most are gonna be hits - Orange Tree Deli is one of those big hits, just a couple blocks away from me, that I never would have tried without Yelp.I have a similar story to many others - driven by the place a bunch of times, and never stopped, all the while thinking "there's a deli, wonder what that's all about?"  Then Chad A. mentioned that one of his favorite places was close to my house, so I looked at the reviews and decided I would check it out. However, I never got around to it, and kept driving by thinking "gotta go in there one day soon". Saw Chris D's review stating if you happen to mention Chad and Yelp you're an instant VIP! Only problem now is how (and who) do I mention that to without sounding like a moron fishing for a discount? Luckily, I didn't have to worry - one day I got a call from Chad saying he was having lunch @ OTD and to come by if I was interested. When I arrived, Chad was sitting with the owner, Jim, and we were introduced. Score - instant VIP status!! OTD was not what I expected - I thought it would be a counter in the corner of a liquor store, with a couple of shaky tables/chairs for seating "cuz they had to". It is actually much nicer than I thought it would be - not in a liquor store, just next to one - has comfortable seating, and a casual atmosphere - no problem eating there. Order and pay at the counter when u come in, and they bring it to your table. 1st visit with Chad - NY strip sandwich, had bell peppers and onions on it - I really enjoyed it. Jim also comp'd us some chips and salsa, cookies and a couple of deserts - I'm not really into sweets, so most of this I brought home to my wife. They have an extensive menu, many things are not on there website menu. After having the sandwich, meeting Jim ,and seeing that there are many choices that my wife would enjoy, I knew I would be coming back. About 2 weeks later, we went in for an early lunch. 4 of us in our party. Pressure's on me, my suggestion, and I'm saying how great this place is. So here's the part that impressed me the most - we walk in, Jim immediately recognizes me, and even though we met briefly, he remembered my name, and what sandwich I had last time. Hell, I wasn't totally sure what sandwich I had until he reminded me! All were impressed with the menu, everyone easily found items to their liking. My wife had the Salmon Salad - a nice quality fillet portion, cooked perfectly on top of a big salad. The rest of us had sandwiches, the large ones for a buck more, half of which was taken home. I had the prime rib dip, it was very good, had Au jus, and real horseradish, a definite plus,  I did have to mix a little mayo in though. Lots of pepperocini peppers also. It was very good. I preferred the strip sandwich though - mostly because of the grilled peppers and onions! Jim is a great owner, he seems to go all out to show you that he appreciates your business and wants you to become a regular. He got us a couple baskets of chips and freshly made salsa, had us try a little watermelon, cucumber salad that is a recipe they were working on, inspired by a trip to NY. They brought out some cookies for us, and he bought our drinks for us! In addition, even though I was almost embarrassed to use it with all that, he gladly took my 5 for 10 dollars worth of food coupon from Yelp Deals! It was awesome, and I'm totally looking VIP to my wife, stepdaughter and her friend. Nice!I'm pretty sure Jim is NY Italian, and guessing that OTD employs a lot of family members and friends, I like that - I'm gonna have to try the meatball sandwich, but there are many great reviews for the Mexican food, chili and other items that look good!Some Yelp finds are "out of the ordinary" type - places where they do  or serve something you can't get anywhere else, some are one time adventures or special occasion places, and a few may be "my wife put on her cheerleading uniform" excellent. What I am trying to say is that the freebies were great - like when the sushi chef comps you some items - but even without those - OTD is a quality place, where I am happy to become a regular, and look forward to many enjoyable visits. Thanks Chad, Yelp and Jim!!
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,11/23/2011,410,600,14,18,16>hello gen...where have you been?! i encountered a true eye opening moment which i have never experienced with korean restaurants, at least with ayce bbq places. believe it or not, over the years, i became less fond of kbbq. i think there's so much more to korean food than just some meat, especially the fatty, cheap, poor quality ones served at ayce restaurants. however, after eating at gen kbbq, i had a change of heart. this brand spankin' new kbbq place offers quality meat at clean, modern environment with warm, friendly service. when we first walked in, i had to double check to make sure we were at a korean restaurant, not some upscale steakhouse (except the florescent light fixtures at each booth which can literally blind you). the large dining hall is designed to accommodate small to medium size groups along with a private room that can hold about 30 people. the ayce option is priced at $16 for lunch and $20 for dinner which is a few dollars more compared to other kbbq restaurants, but the variety and quality of meat surely put gen a head and shoulders above others. there are 23 meat options, including shrimp and veggie platters. we first started with kobe beef brisket, skirt steak and short ribs, and moved on to marinated ribs, spicy pork and pork belly. my favorite was the marinated ribs (kalbi). it was not overly sweet nor salty with an assertive garlic taste. the skirt meat was also a favorite among us which was tender and flavorful. although not every single piece of meat was perfect (which we didn't bother to eat...the beauty of ayce), most had great marbling with just enough fat at the right places. each plate contained about 7-8 pieces of meat, not enough for even one person, but the servers kept bringing more plates we requested without a hint of irritation. along with the standard kbbq items (dduk, radish wrap and lettuce salad), somewhat of generic banchan set was brought out which really didn't stand out too much. also, without us asking, they changed the grill 3-4 times and refilled the banchan periodically. the ventilation system was fantastic. it is usually inevitable to leave kbbq places with smoke soaked clothes and greasy face and hair, but after gen, i was able to go to sleep without taking shower. needless to say, i was pretty impressed with gen. as a korean restaurant in o.c., it has a lot to offer. not only is this a great place for kbbq lovers, but also introduce kbbq to those who never had an opportunity to encounter quality korean food and service. another thing the hubby and my sister obsessed over at gen was their milk candies at the counter. they had a serious discussion (yes, with analysis and comparison) about which was their favorite flavor (apparently banana is!). this was quite an awakening moment for me because i finally realized which mental age the beloved hubby is stuck at!!!**************************************************­**************************i am not sure why the address is not listed, but gen is located on newport ave in tustin, in the same plaza as wahoo's and soup plantation and kean coffee.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,11/22/2011,461,582,12,12,10>Update on 11-22-11:  Heard there was a recent ownership change. Will hope to update this review soon.What is Sicilian style Italian food?  The way a robust, hand flying Sicilian friend of mine describes it, it's the "brightest and most colorful of Italian cooking, whether pasta, vegetables, meat and seafood".  There is supposedly some French, Greek, Arab influences. My non discriminating palate could not distinguish all these influences with the safe classic dishes i tried. To cut to the chase, the food was good.  This place was decorated by someone who was obviously drinking wine.  It's quirky, and decorated in green, white, and red in a tacky kind of way. The walls are textured.  It had the same Italian themed paintings I've seen in other places. They have fake grape and grape leaves with used wine bottles.  It's bright inside and lively.  We walked in and were seated immediately on a Saturday night. There were a couple of large groups but most tables and booths had two people.This night, they had live music.  A guy was playing Jazz standards on a piano, and not too loud.  It definitely made the evening fun, especially since I took piano lessons a kid and always dreamed of playing like that.  Maybe someday...I ordered the half and half - spaghetti and lasagne. My friend ordered the manicottii. Decent portion size. Both had a rich and slightly sweet sauce, and my spaghetti and lasagne had lots of cheese and meat.  My friend's manicotti had a simple luscious feta cheese inside the crepe like shell - aha, the French influence!. My half and half dish went great with the house chianti. We ordered side salads, with some fresh mixed lettuces. But as others have said, the star of the show is the garlic knots.  Lots of garlic, salt, onion, and olive oil on the soft, warm mini buns. Great aroma.  You could probably just eat that, with a salad and my wine.  In fact,  that's what I did and took most of my pasta home for lunch the next day.  Terrific the next day.Service was decent, our waiter know the menu, was friendly, and was efficient..  He had to deal with a large table of 8 next to us, so he did well with his four other tables, including us. I definitely would go back again.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,11/21/2011,1018,364,17,21,17>Not unlike Carrie Bradshaw, who came to a much bewildered conclusion that her investment portfolio was stuffed and boxed, albeit somewhat neatly, in a small enclosed corner of her bedroom..ie. her closet...(Oh fictional sister, how I can relate)   ...My closet overfloweth with silk, cashmere, and wool marked with the label that once made me release a loud sigh (and cry) -Dry Clean Only. Damn you, Anna Sui, Diane Von Furstenberg, and Nanette Lepore. You ladies I love and garments I adore. I'll never forget the disdain I felt taking my coveted Diane Von Furstenberg leopard wrap dress to another cleaner across the way to discover upon pick up day that a button on the cuff was completely missing as another dangled loosely by a thread, sadly, as if to say, "Why...? Why did you send me here to die...? I've lost my companion and now I'm all alone in this world..." Not to mention the horrible chemicals used...yuck.And so with a heavy heart, I hung my non-machine washable, seemingly non-wearables in the deepest crevice of my closet... That is, until I discovered Fairview Cleaners!What's this? An environmentally friendly dry cleaner? No harsh perchloroethylene? Fantastic! Why I don't mind if I DO reduce my carbon footprint as much as possible AND stay as healthy as can be in the process!Though it is a little pricier than harsher, chemical-induced dry cleaning, isn't it worth it? Trust me, it is. Look up the effects of perchloroethylene exposure and try to raise an argument. The women that work at Fairview are extremely nice and not only do my clothes come back smelling and looking great, they glow. Because they're happy. Ok, they don't really glow... but *I* certainly do as I hang them back in the front of the closet where they belong!Fairview also handles alterations at a reasonable price and the workmanship is nice. I highly recommend this cleaners. Yay Earth!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,11/19/2011,468,276,13,14,13>I would like to convey to you how much John's Philly Grille (JPG) made an exceptional first impression. If The Works sandwich had the ability to speak and possessed an attitude, I can only compare it to a Chi McBride-esque type of personification (from the movie "Let's Go to Prison"). "Hello olfactory, I hear you've had quite the weekend. Allow me to open the door to your senses. You smell that? Yes, that's me. I'm sexy. Pardon me gustatory, did you notice that? The peppers are tasty aren't they? Then that makes me double sexy. I know you felt that yummy essence of Philly goodness crawl on your ring and pinky finger, I know you're excited... You're piloerect.There is a constant thematic element about Philly places that I've been to. The memorabilia, paraphernalia, the philantrophy plaques... I find it very warming and compelling to support the cause by (now) becoming a return patron. If you can imagine what I was thinking when I was here... I like to look around and people watch. The walls had plaques that supported schools and league teams since 1995. In business at least 16 something years? THAT is outstanding. Don't let the sixty something reviews fool you, these veterans are very experienced in this realm of food, just not in the realm of Yelp. That sandwich. The Works. It was delicious. Please know that I'm not a connoisseur in Phillies. Hell, I've never been to Philadelphia but damn, I like this so much better than anywhere I've been to. Such delicious peppers, ideal mixture of spices and taste. Beautiful ratio of bread, cheesesteak and cheese. "I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday."-W. C. Fields
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/23/2014,193,232,44,52,47>It is my pleasure to be the first "Elite" to review Botanica Floral, and I'm happy to add my 5 star review to list of well deserved 5 star ratings they've already received. Put simply, the reviews are accurate - my experience was exceptional - it embodied everything you want from a business when searching Yelp for a great place!Several wrote in praise of the owner, Kari M. - this really caught my eye - I had a situation where I needed information and my flower design/purchasing abilities are mostly nonexistent. Kari not only lived up to the "hype" - she exceeded it - and my transaction was only on the phone! A family friend passed away; I was in charge of arranging the flowers from our extended family. It was a unique situation - a viewing and service in Corona del Mar on a Sunday, other services and a reception the next day. I looked at some FTD pictures - Here's all the info I gave her - I wanted something on an easel, told her about how much I wanted to spend, and I needed a quality arrangement to look great for my family (gotta keep the wives happy, so there was a little pressure!)All the florists I looked at in CDM were closed on Sunday - If I went the FTD route, who knows where the flowers would have come from. Kari was so appreciative that I took the time to call her business personally - instead of ordering on the wire services that she said she'd come in on Sunday, do some paperwork - then arrange and deliver my order personally (I'm guessing this may be her only day off). Because of the two day nature of the services she would call the memorial park and see how late she could bring the flowers to keep the arraignment as fresh as possible. Kari asked me a few questions - the family friend was male, he was Irish so a little green in it would be good. She let me know she had some great fresh white flowers available, that a spray style would allow her to add more flowers, and give better value than a wreath. Also, she would make a more "masculine appropriate" arrangement. YELP SCORE! The arrangement was (by far!) the best looking at the services Kari hit it out of the ballpark on all accounts. People appreciated the colors, the style, and especially the quality of the flowers - other arrangements started looking pretty ragged by the 4th hour of the second day - ours looked fresh and perfect. In fact, they placed ours at the front door to greet people at the reception after the service. I took pictures to show this - one the first day, one at the church service, and one after the 4 hour reception - especially considering our arrangement was outside, and it had been trucked around to 3 locations! In addition, the price was below what I would have paid from a wire service!!This is the type of independent business (and owner) we all hope to find on Yelp. She even supports the Yelp community with a check-in offer! I felt truly appreciated as I was thanked for my order. I hope the Yelp community will continue to support Botanica Floral and this review helps that cause! The "above and beyond service," I received - matched with a great quality product - is the epitome of "as good as it gets!!"
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,7/22/2014,776,138,83,95,91>Such a great little store tucked away in a little plaza you can easily miss. If it helps, it's in the same plaza as Gomen and Neveria la Flor de Mexico. For those who have yet to be privy to these delectable morsels of buttery goodness... Get here and get here soon or I'm buying all their cookies out from under you! Yeah, that's right... I'm stealing all your cookies and I'm not afraid to say it. The Hub and I were driving around and when he noticed their sign, insisted we stop because he remembered I wanted cookies the day before (I know, I know... I don't deserve him). Anyhoos... From the outside it doesn't look like much and after entering the store, it still doesn't look like much. They say not to judge a book by its cover so wait until you've tasted these tiny pieces of crispty, crunchity goodness. I'm not even speaking English anymore because English isn't evolved enough to describe what happens in your mouth when consuming these "cookies!" If you think you're a cookie connoisseur, you aren't until you've tried these... So try them! Especially if you like the crunchy type of cookie a la "Famous Amos" you'll really enjoy these. Even if you only like the soft and chewy kind, you'll still enjoy these... Trust me :)Some say these cookies are pricy (about $5-ish a bag) and though I can see how one would believe that to be true, considering they are made all natural and without any added preservatives, I believe they're worth it. So, next time you're anywhere near this store... Stop by and grab a bag before it's too late. I might just be lurking behind you trying to steal your cookies. P. S. Just a friendly warning... If you take all the chocolate chip macadamia nut cookies I'll have to take you down. I might be small, but I won't hesitate.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,7/21/2014,258,235,30,34,30>I'll admit, I didn't want to give in to the hype about this place for a long time.... I mean, a burger is a burger, right?? Well, true, to a certain degree.  I finally caved in, and now you can't keep me away!  There are burgers and then there are burgers the likes of GBurgers!  Each time I've visited since my initial cave-in, I've been pleasantly surprised by the notably friendly employees that are working inside; taking orders, cooking, cleaning up, serving.  All of them!  They all have smiles on their faces and are ready to help you decide what to pile on your patty plus greet you with more than just a "can I help you" attitude, they are in it to please you... and isn't that the way it should be?  Kudos for the staff!!  So, now you're thinking... yeah, well what's so exciting about another hamburger place?  There's so many out there, so much flamboyancy out there, all trying to get you to eat their meat.  True.  The gig here is that it's just a straight up burger but it is a GOOD burger!  A gourmet, flavorful, cooked perfect, thick-pattied burger of your dreams!  Get what you want on it, all the way down to the type of cheese and pickles!HAMBURGERS and CHEESEBURGERS are made with angus beef and are seasoned to give the thick and juicy patties just enough flavor to make you say Mmmmm!  The meat always comes out the way you ask for it to be cooked too, I've never heard any complaints. Yummy soft high-rise buns for you to fill with that meat and the type of lettuce you want, cheese of your choice, the perfect pickle option and a great 1000 Island style dressing.  Oh, you can opt out of any of those and/or add something different if you choose too.  You want bacon or avocado?  Put it on there too!  Basically made to order.Other burger options are:  CAPRESE with avocado, tomato, basil and mozzarella cheese.  WHITE TRUFFLE with portobello mushrooms, roasted peppers and asiago cheese served with a side of white truffle oil and garlic aoli sauce.  G FIRE BURGER is, well, it's freaking HOT but sooooo good!  GARLIC SPINACH comes with (obviously) garlic and spinach plus crunchy bacon and bleu cheese crumbles. VEGGIE options are also available, of course.And if you are feeling a little non-burgerish and would like something different, there are sammies and salads too!  Plenty of options to tantalize your tastebuds!  Sliders are available as well as small sized options for kids; chicken nuggets and mini burgers!  Nice touch GBurger!SIDES are seriously all scrumptious too; french fries, parmesean garlic fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings and yes, fried zucchini!!  They also have a special G Style Fries (which I have not tried) but it is fries topped with bacon, cheese and grilled onions and the 1000 Island style sauce.I'm glad I finally gave in to the hype.  Oh sure, I still love my Imperial Burger, T&S Burger and One-Way Burger, etc.... but GBurger reigns as the King of Burgers in a very unique spot above the rest.*** Yelp Check-In Special, be sure and check it out!!CHEERS!!!!  And thank you for coming to La Habra, GBurger!  We love you!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/20/2014,396,338,23,26,24>I'm not a big breakfast person but Cafe Cup has converted me into a believer!  Hubby and I have been to the "Cash Only" Cafe Cup several times.  It's located in the 24 Hour Fitness strip mall on Warner Ave and Goldenwest and has plenty of free parking.  The cafe is small but quaint and is very inviting.I had breakfast at the Cafe Cup a couple of days ago.  Our lovely server warmly greeted us and had a huge smile ..... luv that!  Hubby and I sat at one of the booths and ordered:(1)  Chicken Chile Verde Breakfast Burrito:Spicy Chile Verde made with chicken, jack & cheddar cheeses. You get a choice of potatoes, brown rice, fruit or cottage cheese and a choice of white, whole wheat, squaw, rye, sourdough, raisin toast, English muffin or tortilla, I selected the potatoes & tortillas.  If you like Chile Verde's, you will absolutely adore this dish.  The spice level of the burrito was just right and the ingredients were fresh and delish!  The potatoes were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside... perfectly prepared and yummy!(2)  Eggs Benedict:2 eggs poached served on an English muffin with Canadian bacon and topped with Hollands.  Hubby enjoyed his breakfast and said that he really enjoyed the poached eggs and the bacon.  However, he said the Hollandaise sauce was just ok.  I had a taste of his dish and agreed with him.  (3)  Cinnamon Roll:I ordered a cinnamon roll to go for sonny boy and he really enjoyed it.  I was eyeing the cinnamon roll because I wanted a lil taste.....However, sonny boy immediately told me, "Don't even think about it", LOL  Our server informed me on the best way to heat the roll .......sweet and thoughtful service!I've had several breakfast items on the Cafe Cup menu including their stuffed french toast, the vegetarian scramble, banana nut pancakes and more.  All of the dishes I tried were tasty, fresh, abundant, and reasonably priced.  Breakfast is now one of my fav meals because of The Cafe Cup.  4 Stars for the food and an added Star for the GREAT service!!!   My dining experience at the Cafe Cup was definitely 5 Stars!.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,7/19/2014,98,91,24,26,23>VIP dishes, for Pauper prices.True test of this resrtaurant came on Valentine's Day.  I made sure I arranged a sleepover at a friend's house for my daughter so the husband and I could have a romantic dinner together, at last.  Unfortunately, my daughter got in trouble in school for talking too much, got the call from her teacher and we had to ground her two days before the sleepover.  So now, we have an eight year old third wheel.  An unhappy, miserable third wheel...and she made sure we knew she was miserable.We've been here three times before, and this was our first time with a child, because we always thought she would not dig any of the food, and the place is just not appealing to children.  We had made reservations for two, and my husband forgot to modify our reservation for three people instead.  But, they were more than happy to accomodate our third wheel.  She was the youngest patron, (and probably the only one under 21 that evening) so she got a LOT of attention from the other patrons.  Hey, it was her fault she got grounded! Ha!  But the servers were very friendly and even sympathetic when she told him she didn't want to be there but rather at the sleepover.Our usual go to dishes are the Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lobster Truffle Risotto, Bacon Wrapped Dates, and my husband's favorite, the Grilled Beef Burger.  We've been seated in the roof overlooking the ocean for lunch before, the main dining hall, and even the small alley to the side, that reminds me of the small bistros in Europe.  All have unique dining experiences.Since we have Little Miss Sassy with us, we decided to get her the calamari and the Lobster Mac and Cheese. Now, she usually loves calamari ( $7), but she "didn't care for it" at that place.  But she finished the whole thing without sharing.  Hmmm.  She's now complaining that there's too many grown ups kissing in here.  Hey, it's Valentine's day, so the hubs and I reach over our tables to plant a wet one on each other's lips in front of her.  She's absolutely mortified.Lobster Mac and Cheese ($11) to an eight year old: "I don't like those shrimpy things in my mac and cheese!"..and she picks them off her plate, but we caught her munching on the lobster pieces when she thought we weren't looking.  The bowl is big for an eight year old, but tapas sized for grown ups.Now for the dishes my husband and I usually get:  Lobster Truffle Risotto.  Lobster..good, risotto...goood.  TRUFFLES?  GOOOOOOOOD.  Such a luxurious dish for $12!  Sah-weet!  Dates ($6) were good to pop in your mouth in between gulps of beer, and my husband needs beef in order to say he had a "meal", so the Grilled Beef Burger ($6) filled in any empty pockets left in his stomach after all these tapas plates.Service was top notch that evening, it was busy, but they never forgot about us.  They asked Little Miss Sassy Pants how she liked her meal, which she replied with a sour "I don't like it".  But her plates were EMPTY and she's still reaching for MY Lobster risotto.  I wish I remembered the waiter's name, but he had a great sense of humor and said that if Little Miss Sassy Pants came back again, he will make sure to add HOTDOGS instead of LOBSTER in her mac and cheese next time.  The way Mommy makes it.  Kids...Fast forward three years later, we still go to K'ya whenever we can get away.  Little Miss Sassy Pants still has "awful" memories of the place and turns up her nose when we drive by it.  But I can see her coming back here herself when she's older...with her own date.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/18/2014,615,286,31,47,38>The Packing House is the largest component in the trio that makes up the Anaheim Packing District, which also includes The Packard Building (Anaheim Brewery, Umami Burger) and Farmer's Park (Farmer's Market on Sun. 10am-2pm). Built as a warehouse for unloading and packing citrus in 1919, the re-imagined Packing House is not untrue to its roots. Even as a food hall, it is still full of life, serving as an organic crawl space for vines and a vibrant gathering place for locals. Unlike The CAMP or SoCo in Costa Mesa, the Packing House has a tighter layout, two floors of food vendors surrounding a central atrium, creating a feeling of community and togetherness. This keeps it from feeling isolated and elitist, despite the lofty prices.As with most contemporary places, be ready to pay 4 to 5 bucks for a coffee or 7 bucks for a smoothie. I did both and was satisfied with the quality of content.The Packing House is not operating at 100% as of now, still missing a number of food establishments such as Sawleaf Cafe and Crêpe Coop, which will add more casual dining/snacking options and maybe relieve the lengthy lines at The Kroft and Pop Bar.Right now, restaurants running at full steam include Adya (Indian cuisine), Rolling Boil (shabu shabu), Orange Tei (ramen, sushi), and The Chippy (fish & chips). As for non-boozy drinks, Cafecito (coffee) and Lemon Drop (smoothie, juice) are both offering full menus. From swinging seats to cozy corners, lounging around is encouraged and lazing around is enforced. Come enjoy the peace before the pandemonium. I can see the Packing House becoming very packed once all its parts are up and running.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/17/2014,1679,253,66,72,69>Late Renaissance Cabaret DiningI'm blind I thought.  Did I just walk into hell?  Cause it is hella' dark up in HEEYA!Then suddenly the crackling blaze of the hearth afforded me context and much needed liberty for the menacing darkness.  Enclosed by carnally crimson semi-circular banquettes and candlelight, this place is a modern day utopian baby maker.  To start the crab and Corn Soup was creamy, but light and slightly sweet.  Because food agrees with me, the bone marrow served with ciabatta flown in from Tribeca was REDONK.  Unctuous and wildly delicious.  The 12 oz. prime, block-cut New York Strip served with roasted garlic was charred and exceptionally seasoned and prepared.  Double fried bistro fries served with ketchup and herbed aioli were crispy and most agreeable.  Spring garlic and wine sausage served with herbed spaetzle, charred cabbage and mustard emulsion.  The house-made wine sausage is all kinds of special.  Me wants to marry Chef.  To close, the Caraïbe chocolate tart with crème yvett, blueberry compote, blueberry sorbet, cacao nibs and violas was utterly delightful in presentation and in flavor.  The Caribbean chocolate tart was dense yet yielding and perfectly sweet.And, Brian...Play on Playa!!!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,7/16/2014,654,998,25,33,26>Liquid nitrogen ice cream!Poof Ice Cream is located in the Buena Park Downtown mall near the movie theaters.Their method is less high tech (yet oddly quicker) than another liquid nitrogen ice cream shop I visited in Irvine recently. Here, you select your flavor from their menu (a dozen or so choices) or create your own from the various flavorings they have available. They then mix their cream in a metal bowl with the flavoring you chose, walk over to a huge liquid nitrogen tank and blast it into the bowl for a few seconds, then return to the counter and hand-stir it awhile until it's ready to scoop into a cup. It only took 3 minutes or so to make my ice cream. The problem is that there was only one worker there. I had two people in front of me and, after their orders were done, he had to take the bowls into the back room to wash them out before preparing my mixture. So from the time I walked in it took about 10 minutes before I ordered. As of this writing they have only been open a week or so. I think they still are figuring out their workflow but they're definitely going to need more workers if they ever get a small crowd in there.I ordered from their menu and chose salted caramel. The end result had a very fluffy, soft, creamy texture. The flavor was a good sweet and salty combination but I found the caramel flavor to be on the light side (even though he squirted some extra on the top).The cost for a medium sized cup was $5.As of this writing it is ***CASH ONLY*** and there is no restroom.Although it is still a work in progress, I like Poof Ice Cream and am cheering them on, which makes me wonder....does that make me a Poofter?
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/15/2014,1002,451,24,31,24>My new favorite AYCE Kbbq spot! The customer service here is awesome, at times they can get busy but we always try to come there before the rush. The waiters and waitresses are attentive and running around making sure you are okay and if you need refills on any sides or more meat. The great thing is that they're friendly when doing it! When you arrive, make sure you look for the sign in sheet instead of waiting for the waiter to sign you in. They can get busy and someone ahead of you might sign in before you do! I did it to a few groups since it was their first fine there. HeheWhen you sit down, there's free miso soup provided. The miso soup cup has a couple pieces of chopped green onions already in there so don't think the cup came unwashed. We were thinking WTF, how come the cups are dirty and realized that they do it on purpose. There are three AYCE prices. $9.99. $13.99 and $17.99. I just order the $9.99 since I only eat the brisket and beef belly.The $9.99 menu doesn't come with steam egg but for the price, I wouldn't complain. Another great thing is that the brisket comes out non-frozen! I also love the beef belly because it's a lot thinner than the pork belly and cooks faster. As for the side dishes, there's not much but you get the typical rice paper, Kim chi, bean sprouts, spicy radish, cucumber and macaroni salad. My Fav is the kim chi, spicy radish and macaroni salad. Another good thing about this place is that the have dressing on their salad! Love the salad here! Steam rice is also included with the rice.Bonus: free thrifty ice cream!! There's usually about four flavors. I've seen, green tea, chocolate, strawberry (with real strawberry bits inside), vanilla and birthday cake.Notes:Don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free soda! When you ask for water, you get a bottle for your table so you don't have wait for refills! For the price, I'll definitely be back when I feel like cheap Kbbq.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/14/2014,275,175,34,37,35>I'm a simple man that enjoys being left alone once in awhile to eat fruit stuffed into a thin layer of pan-fried batter. Sometimes I'll forgo the moist and tart flavor of strawberries to satisfy a craving for piping hot grilled chicken, melted swiss cheese and spinach. That's the thing though: I never really know what I'll be in the mood for, but Euro Caffe always has me covered. It's like Russian roulette whenever I step through the door, except the loaded chamber is usually a second crepe order followed by judgmental looks from my friends. It's because of that second part that I usually sneak off to Euro wearing a light disguise with my Find Friends app set to "Don't judge me, bro."And who can blame me? Every single savory crepe I've tried has been freshly made to order, coming out hot and crisp. Although I'm partial to chicken, I don't believe there is a bad dish in the lot. The desserts are even more varied ranging from a simple mix of fruits and Nutella to a peanut butter, banana and graham cracker 12 Shades of Grey love letter to your soul. For reasons I don't completely understand, I've always been drawn to the Alexander the Crepe. It's probably the bacon.My only (minor) gripe was that an affogato we ordered came out looking like a tropical cocktail rather than a simple mix of espresso and gelato. That doesn't mean, however, I didn't order a second one.On a chilly evening, there are few things as comforting as a hot coffee and a well-made crepe, except maybe a bear skin rug that's been fashioned into some sort of hoodie. Even then, I'd still be sneaking to Euro Caffe to stuff my maw with double crepe.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,7/23/2007,110,317,8,11,13>a friend of mine was at a convention in Long Beach and wanted to meet up. I consulted with my LBC connection and was suggested this place. So we drove down, scored some sweet street parking (thank you parking gods!), met my friend at Gladstone's ($$$) and stroll down Pine St to find this joint. we're leaving the neon craziness of PF Changs/Chili's/valet parking insanity and my confidence begins to fade just a wee bit when i see an awning and an interior that looks less than happening. i turn to smile at my companions and muster up some fake enthusiasm "there it is!" we get inside and its CHARMING - i breathe a sigh of relief- there's live music, lots of art on the walls and one unoccupied table by the sofa area that is waiting for us: its fate. People are chatting away over their glasses and the music isn't too loud that you can't carry on a conversation. PERFECT!!! we each order a flight, the boyfriend also picked out a cheese flight after consulting with our knowledgeable waitress. I ended up with the vegetarian pizza. everyone liked their wine, i had one glass that i felt was a little lacking in flavor but all matched well with the pizza. The pizza itself was a little small but topped with cheese and veggies that were def a few notches above your average pizza. the BF's cheese plate was beautifully presented - our favies were the rosemary and the goat cheese selection. they also gave us some amazing bread with olive oil for dipping (i heart carbs).  for dessert we shared the chocolate turtle cheesecake with a glass of port: great combination. everybody had a good time. there's local art to enjoy. live music provided by the Jason Lee trio, and they were jamming out by the end of their set. our waitress was helpful. the portions were just a bit small for my pit of a belly. if you have a hard time hearing like my bf does sitting near the music wasn't such a hot idea (sorry Nick). But the place exudes a warm cozy feeling that i was totally digging. the boyfriend really liked his "big and bold" flight. the selection i had from Howling Wolf was the highlight of my night. they take credit cards including Discover - whooot! **Gracias to franny for an awesome suggestion
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,7/22/2007,16,3,3,9,4>Why Shillelagh gets 5 stars from me, despite the apparent pros and cons, some of which is at your discretion.Decor - poor to mediocre...It's quite hard to determine decor when you consider what we've really got going on here: six non-matching booths (size, color, and shape) that line either side of the room; lighting too dark to see if a proper color scheme has been chosen or whether the place has upkeep; random paintings and montages thrown haphazardly across the [army green?] painted walls; shoddy menus on the verge of laminated paper death; and finally grandma-style rose cloth table clothes on the outdoor patio, curiously clean or used to hide the dirt..hmmm? Talk about no frills, but it still gives you that "I just got back to Auntie X's farm, let's eat" feeling.Patio - just lovely...Now this non-smoking wood-floor patio, (I know I know non-smoking, just wait....), has five to seven tables randomly placed around the small patio area. A couple tables, because of the wood flooring, are quite uneven, but the lights, candles, fresh flowers and fresh air make up for that. The chairs are half the typical plastic chairs, and half seem to originate from grandma's old dining set, which adds both comfort and style. Me like. Oh, and there conveniently is a back door that leads out to the alley, which you can pop out for a smoke, standing a mere two feet from your table..."No Smoking"? No biggie. The booze sitch - fantastic. They serve NO alcohol. But, being attached to O'Connell's, you have the option of sitting in there and enjoying your fair at the bar, while you pull back a couple of the best bloody mary's in town. OR, option B (no it's not "don't drink"), you can bring your own bottle of wine, they'll gladly open it for you, and provide you with wine glasses, free of charge! Ralphs is about 2 blocks down, save some ca$h on the booze, who can complain about that? FYI, they are currently going through their liquor licensing process. The owners - gems. The two owners, one who I met last night formally, are pretty insanely awesome. Together, they create everything on the menu, all the recipes, and take pride in their food. They also like to chat it up or are happy to leave you alone, at your personal preference. They are a little "hippy", so don't dismay, they are quite amazing, and btw, quit judging books by their covers!Location - perfect. Within a 3-5 minute walk from my house, I'm a happy camper. For those of you who live a bit further, it's also 4 seconds from a full service bar and across the street from a laundry mat.Prices - Nice....The food is cheap as dirt, worth your money and their portions are perfect. Worth every dollar (although I'd easily pay an extra).FOOD - YUM!! Ok, how do you beat healthy, gourmet, whole foods that are all made from scratch. The small menu consists of a few Irish items (Irish wings and fries), homemade pizzas, and above par unique sandwiches and salads. They also have a slew of specials which are oriented more towards the dinner crowd. I've eaten there more than a few times, and yes, I'm in love. My advice, throw your laundry in the machines across the street, grab a bottle of wine at Ralphs, chat with the owners, sit out on the patio, sneak cigarettes, order a "special", then get wasted next door. And you got yourself a nice, cheap, easy meal, for less hassle and great company.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2007,7/21/2007,326,258,3,6,8>Thank you Ebisu for serving me your ramen when I was sick for the third time this year already. I left work early to go home and sleep it off (after some yelping) but needed some noodle soup to warm me up. I've frequented the Ebisu market and the rice bowls there but just had to find some time to try Mendokoro Ebisu. I went in for lunch right as they opened their doors at 11:30am, I was the second table to get seated. By the time I left, the place was 4/5 filled up. I ordered the champan ramen and the noodles are thicker so I guess they can qualify as orochon ramen, I didn't know this and when the waitress asked "small right?" I wanted to request for anything larger because I felt I was going to faint from starvation. I waited patiently as I was starving and highly envious of the elderly Japanese man that walked in after I did got his soba noodles before my meal came. But by the way the waitress was catching up with him and how he didn't even need to order, it was known he was a regular. The soba looked darned good. But 10 mins later the table next to me got their veggie ramen and the bowls were bigger than my head! I waited two more minutes and when my ramen bowl came out, my bowl was bigger than my head as well and the spoon that came with the ramen seemed more like a serving spoon than a soupy individual spoon. But hey, it makes the place even cuter and quirkier that way. The noodles are thicker than usual and I was afraid of the size of the bowl. The champon comes with some seafood mixed in with veggies. They do not skimp on any part of any of the above listed, they are pretty much in equal amount. I wasn't able to finish the whole bowl and thank goodness the waitress only brought me a "small bowl." I didn't dig the fish cake but I finished all the octopus and the few pieces of shrimp in it and the all the ramen. The noodles and soup base is better at Shin-Sen-Gumi down the street, but this is a close second. Service was friendly and they tended to the tables efficiently. After paying the bill of $9 including tip, I walked out happily for a decent lunch.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2007,7/19/2007,427,582,11,12,12>I've got a few better names for this place. Instead of "The Rib Trader," how 'bout "That Kitschy Rib Place" or "Disney's Wild Jungle Safari Rib Joint?" As far as the restaurant's decor is concerned, I'd give it a generous two stars; the food I'd give a reluctant three.This is another one of those places which I've driven by numerous times. After reading several good reviews, I was looking forward to my rib adventure at The Rib Trader. What I wasn't expecting was travelling into Adventureland, surrounded by woven baskets, wooden masks, bamboo structures, and an very out-of-place swordfish or marlin. Did I just walk through a wormhole or just get off the jungle cruise? What do barbecued ribs, roasted chicken, onion rings, baked beans, cole slaw, cornbread, and fries have to do with safari cuisine?! Unless they're serving up some wild boar, hippo, zebra or jungle fowl, I'd say abso-friggin-lutely nothing.Okay, enough of my ranting about the confusion that assaulted me upon entering this place. It's a jungle theme. Did I expect it? No. Do I 'get it?' Double no. And please don't get me started on the whole "Merlin's Magic Show in a jungle-themed restaurant that serves up Southern-style food in Orange County" thing...my mind can't take it all!How was the freakin' food already?!?! Okay, okay, okay...it was okay. After the wife and I debated whether or not to go our separate ways on the entrees, we spied the "Trader Feast for Two" ($44.95) on the menu: "This feast starts with onion rings, then you'll get baby back, St. Louis style and beef back ribs, Baja or BBQ shrimp, BBQ chicken, spicy island fries, baked beans, coleslaw and mouth watering cornbread!"Cornbread: honey glazed, sweet, tasty, great with butter. I'd come back for the cornbread any day.Onion rings: greazy fo' sheezy; they should've let 'em drain a bit more. Slightly sweet. Served with a parmesan/ranch dressing and a watery bbq sauce.Baked beans and cole slaw: aiight. My only complaint would be the rather small portions you receive in comparison to the mound of meat and fries in this deal.BBQ Shrimp (grilled): well grilled and pretty much what you'd expect from grilled shrimp. Also offered baja-style (battered and fried).Ribs (baby back, St. Louis, beef): dry, charred, uninspiring; flavor ruined by bitterness. The pork ribs on the small side and the beef ribs weren't too flavorful, but sinewy. I suppose we just got a bad batch.BBQ Chicken: Okay. Juicy and went well with the bbq sauce.Spicy Island Fries: Not spicy. At all. These were criss-cut/waffle fries that were a bit overcooked for my tastes. I think they forgot to put the seasoned salt on our order. There were a lot of them, though. Oh yeah, the 'Island' part of this side dish must've been the pineapple slices next to the fries, I guess...I was quite surprised by the lackluster meal we experienced. Other than the cornbread, the food didn't stand up to the glowing reviews. I'll probably give this place a second chance...maybe when our kid is old enough to enjoy solid foods and the magical stylings of Merlin the Rib-Eating Magician! (Ooh! Ahh!)
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2006,7/18/2007,55,120,7,8,4>Now I can ride my skateboard to get siopao and Ramune, at odd hours nevertheless.  You may ask what Famima is, well, it's a Japanese bouigee convenient store.  Think 7-11 but with higher prices and no hot dogs.  No hot dogs means healthier food like sushi and sandwiches, wait sushi has mercury and white bread...you know what I mean people.   It isn't really healthier, just hipper and more expensive. The store can be easily parodied for it's so-called cool and healthy concept, I just can't wait until I run into some stoned riff-raff walking into this place, thinking there will be Budweiser, 40's, or nachos to be bought.  "No Chad, dude, we need to go to Ralphs to get some Bud, ha ha dude I just said Bud and I didn't mean 'bud.'  Whoa!? like, what's this Ramune drink? Whoa, there's like a marble in it, heh, that's funny.  Duuude, let's eat some suchi man, I'm hungrrrry."  Stoners, so cute when they're famished.  Back to matter at hand... Convenient stores also make good targets for robberies and Famima has "rob me" written all over it. Maybe the criminal element will stay away cuz it just looks oh so fancy in the dark, "glowing all neon like." Oh well, it's in a neighborhood of Long Beach that has a pretty low crime rate, so I wsh Famima the best of luck.  What's the important thing to remember however?  I can ride my skateboard to it. I can envision it now, gliding with a warm steamed bun in my mouth and and an ice cold ramune in my hand, weaving through traffic and avoiding punk ass kids.  This is going to be beautiful.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2007,7/17/2007,162,322,5,8,12>Back when I was a latch key kid riding my banana seat bike and enjoying simple pleasures like Ms. PacMan, I used to call this place up and have a medium mushroom pizza delivered right to my suburban home. It was always the same ah  juh shi with the raspy voice and sweet smile I'd greet at the door. Boy I'm old. Years and years later, I revisited this place pretty amazed that it still looked exactly the same. I wondered about the ah juh shi with the friendly face and was totally time warped when I saw him standing there twenty years older still taking orders behind the counter and working his magic with the dough. (Who says Koreans can't make a mean pizza?) This time I didn't order the mushroom pizza but had a pizza sandwich instead with pepperoni. Still tastes just like it used to. Cheesy, delicious, and piping hot! Just goes to show you that this is not a world of McDonald's and Papa Johns. Yay to hard working mom and pops!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,7/16/2007,268,881,2,10,6>We have a winner here. This place makes Daphne's taste like cardboard. I ventured in here today for lunch around noon. I ordered a chicken pita sandwich, which comes with fries. I asked if they would subsitute a side salad, and they did - no extra charge. My food came out about 5 minutes later. The pita sandwich was big and stuffed with chunks of chicken, red onion rings, sliced tomatoes and yummy tzatziki sauce. The salad was a generous portion, with mixed greens, whole olives, tomatoes, and feta cheese. The best part was the chicken. The meat was very tender and had the most amazing flavor. Whatever they marinate or season it with rocks. So good. The pita was flavorful and soft. I ate the entire thing. I was so excited that I couldn't wait to go home and Yelp it later! I wish they had chicken gyro meat, I bet that would be delicious. I will defintely be back.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2007,7/15/2007,597,190,9,11,13>Ambience: 5 starsService: 4 starsFood & Drinks: 4.5 starsIt can be difficult to find a bar, much less a restaurant, which plays music to suit your mood.  Even when you find a jukebox that houses tunes you'd be willing to pay to listen to, if it's a busy night you'll probably have to agonize through 17 Creed songs before you can hear your selections.  (Not that there's anything wrong with that.  Nor is there anything wrong with drowning puppies and stealing Nana's bingo winnings.)Well, you can avoid all that at the Pike on Sunday nights, where you can bring in your iPod and hear one of your lovingly-crafted playlists blaring through the house speakers.  For some reason they call this practice "iPod Sundays."  Don't ask me, I don't know how they came up with it either.Armed with my iPod, (after spending approximately 67 hours compiling a playlist specifically designed to cause mass hipsteria) Hazel and I recently sallied forth to the Pike to meet up with fellow Yelper and old high school pal Robyn D.  We've always had fun chilling at the Pike for dinner and/or drinks, but the ability to listen to hand-picked music I'd never find on a jukebox is a novel bonus that boosts the Pike's rating up to a 5.  There are no culinary surprises on the menu --- this is, after all, a neighborhood bar & grill --- but what they do, they do well.  The Pike now has a full bar, and with an assortment of beers on tap (Fat Tire!), there's something for every desiring liver.  I've only been there on low-key nights, but the staff has been unfailingly relaxed and friendly, especially Pete (who doubles, no wait, triples as waiter/bartender/iPod DJ).  Of course I had to mention him --- he complimented me on my kick-ass music library.  (Consider "Mission: Impress the Pike Staff" accomplished.)So if you want to have a grand ole time dining and drinking to Bowie or Queen, or Bowie AND Queen tag-teaming on "Under Pressure," all you have to do is load up your trusty iPod and get thee to the Pike on Sunday nights.  I'm sure every other night makes for a fine evening as well.Bonus Mike Q-tip: For those Yelpers who favor the pirate side of the Pirate-Ninja divide, the Pike regularly throws a Pirate Party!  Not sure when they're scheduled, so keep your unpatched eye peeled for the next one.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,7/14/2007,19,33,7,6,4>This bakery is cream-in-yo-pans good. It's so good the joint runs out of its best stuff by early afternoon. With its popularity, wouldn't you think they would make a few extra sandwiches and goodies? Luckily, the first time I went there with Kat, the glass case was well-stocked.The strawberry croissant is awesome, though I wish they'd top the custard with more strawberries. The two bites of the azuki cream pan were great until I dropped the pastry on the floor. I was bummed to say the least. Will def go back to this place.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2007,7/13/2007,127,162,11,15,11>"What we got here is a failure to communicate." - Cool Hand Luke I thought of that movie as soon as I sat down and opened the menu. The first thing I noticed was that almost all of the menu items were in Spanish only. The second thing I noticed was that the menu didn't have any pictures. If I'm going to an ethnic restaurant, I need a few pictures to figure out what I'm eating. Ok...now what?The owner came by and said: "I hope you can understand Spanish."Well, not really. I know that "pollo" is chicken and "arroz" is rice. I know that "menudo" is something I don't want to eat. I pointed to the windows in front of the restaurant. Before I stepped inside, I noticed a bunch of pictures of yummy-looking dishes. I said, "I saw something that looked really good. It looked like triangular tamales?""Can you show me the picture?""Sure." We walk to the front, and I pointed. "Oh. Those are corundas...like an inside out tamale. It's not on the menu but we make them.So I ordered the corundas and the chicken fajitas. My dinner companion and I waited and nibbled on the thick, crunchy chips and green salsa. We waited and waited... 25 minutes later... still waiting. They're lucky that we were occupied with the chips.If you're going to make us wait that long, the food better be damn great. Our food finally arrived. The corundas were a plate of several masa-triangles topped with beef and sour cream. The beef was a little too salty, but the combination was interesting. Honestly, I would rather have a regular tamale, but it was cool to try something new. The chicken fajitas were the weirdest fajitas ever. Chopped chicken in a greasy tomato sauce. No onions or bell peppers - just mediocre beans and rice. The corn tortillas were pretty good. The plate was okay, but it didn't impress me. By then, I was too hungry to really care. Service was slow, but the servers were really nice. I loved their red sauce which had enough spices to make up for the bland chicken. I haven't tried the enchiladas that Monica T mentioned. The prices are reasonable so I give them an extra star for that. I'd probably visit this place if I wasn't that hungry. Next time I'll bring someone who can read Spanish.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,5/29/2009,34,11,12,9,9>I've been shaving my head for years simply because I'd given up on finding someone who could cut my hair. Why pay somebody $40+to make me look like an asshat when I'm perfectly adept at doing that myself, tyvm. Well, whatever your hair situation, be it pliant and silky or coarse, wiley and stubborn like mine, the folks at East West are masters of their trade. I've had 3 haircuts with Hatsue, and they are the best 3 haircuts of my life. My first appointment with Hatsue I showed her a picture. She looked at it for 2 secs and said no problem. That worried me a little. Hmm, wouldn't you like to study the intricate texturing some more? I quickly realized thatshe'd done it all before... emo, fobby, hipster, conservative,  whatever, she can crank em out in her sleep. Can't quite style it the way she did, but this grasshopper is still learning.Some perks - scalp massage during the shampoo. So relaxing. She also does some knuckle raps on your neck and skull. Trust me, it's awesome.  All this for $27 plus tip. Thanks Yelp for helping me find this hidden gem!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,5/28/2009,99,628,7,8,7>Holy F-ing Cheese!! Damn, I've never had this much cheese on my food before.... not even when I order extra cheese! But, I have to say I loved every shred of it! YUM! So I tried Mi Casa last night for the first time after a recommendation from a fellow yelper (thanks Melissa!). Got there around 7pm on Friday and only had to wait about 10 minutes. The place was busy, but had a good 'feel' to it. Loved the totally cheesy 1970s Mexican restaurant decor. The place is a little old school but in a good way. When was the last time you had a pitcher of water on your table? We had total 5 star service. Nice server who was really good with refills and checking how our food was. Friendly too. Food was great. LOT AND LOTS of cheese and huge portions. The beef taco had so much cheese piled on it. NICE. A little hard to eat because it was a cheese explosion! Rice was excellent. Beans good.. again covered with more cheese. The table next to us ordered burrito that were covered, and I mean, covered with sour cream and guac. It looked like they took a small container of each and just poured it over the burrito. Insane. Prices seemed average. $8.75 for 1 item combo and $11.25 for a 2 item combo. Maybe a couple bucks more than most mom-and-pop type Mexican places, but the portions are definitely larger. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,5/27/2009,12,37,5,7,6>I just dined here for the first time last Thursday night for dinner around 6:00 with my handsome boyfriend.  No need for reservations if you go during the week and @ 6:00 pm.  Fridays and weekends, most likely you'll need to make them.  We were looking for something nice and close to home and I came upon some really great reviews for Park Avenue so I thought we'd give it a shot.  Looks are very deceiving because what you see on the outside is a lot different than what you see on the inside, plus it's Stanton.  (Not to be stereotypical of Stanton but there is a trailer park that is located in the back of the restaurant, sort of ironic huh?)  Our waitress was extremely nice and friendly.  She gave us the history on the restaurant and the property that it sits on.  We also got a tour of the courtyard (that you can't see from the street) and the organic vegetable & herb garden that is in the rear of the courtyard.  It was almost like being in someone's backyard,  very serene.  My boyfriend ordered the lamb and I ordered the halibut.  I actually liked his dish better but both were excellent.  The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and were very tender.   The meat will melt in your mouth!    The bread basket is also to die for.  They make these crispy, flat, breads that are thin like crackers that are so good, you'll want to take them home.  The service is outstanding and we were greeted at the door as soon as we walked in and escorted to our table.  We were one of the first people for dinner so it made it nice and cozy.  The waitress said that they were insanely busy for Mother's Day so you know that it's gotta be good.   I'd definitely come back again.  It's close to home, the food is great, the service is great, prices are decent.  I can't wait to go back and try something else.   My boyfriend & I will definitely be back.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2008,5/26/2009,164,87,14,12,12>So bf and were on a trip to find some fantastic grub after running a few errands this afternoon. We were in the Buena Park area when we past by Portillos, he told me he was meaning to check it out for awhile. I was in the mood for anything that was going to fill my belly and satiate the grumbling monsters from within my mid-section. Portillos WAS PACKED! Great sign by my standards. :) We finally find parking after circling the 10 parking aisle radius. My mouth begins to water. We walk in and are instantly amazed. Tables full of people and delicious eating. Maybe we were dazed because our lack of sustenance running around all day on empty bellies or simply because of the rich aromatic scents that lingered in the restaurant, but we couldnt find where the lines (yes lineS) began to place our order. I'm assuming there are separate lines for separate tastes. There seemed to be a take-out only/dessert line to the left of the entrance and another line (which we, like lemmings, followed a group of college kids since they seemed like they knew what they were doing) that led us straight to the back (opposite of the entrance) to the salad station. Pivot left and you've got the sandwich line. There's a great big sign that details all the sandwiches they offer including the sides and fixings. There was one that caught my eye and I've never been so sure of anything so quickly in my life. I ordered the Beef 'n Cheddar (on an elongated croissant, pleasantly surprised) and bf ordered the Big Beef sandwich, dipped. The cashier was on auto-pilot and shot questions to us with rapid speed. Luckily, I was ready...well with my order not for her questions or approach. Cashier (monotone): "How can I help you?...." Me: "I'd like the Beef 'n Cheddar and a side of th..." Cashier (still monotone, interrupting) ..."sides with that?..." Me: "Yes a side of onion rings and to drink I'd like an...." Cashier: (not taking a breath, still interrupting"...to drink?..." Me: "Ya, iced tea with some lem..." Cashier (still interrupting): "...Lemon with that?..." Me: "Yup, thanks." Cashier: "Hot or sweet peppers?" Me: "What?"Cashier: "Hot or sweet peppers?" Me: " Um sweet?"(Since bf heard the entire skit, he rolled with her quick, perfunctorily delivered  inquiries a bit better than me.) So that dialogue (maybe poorly written or poorly understood in a written form) was to illustrate that cashier got me in a trance with questions and answers and failed to mention that peppers cost extra. They do not come with the sandwich I ordered -- I was charged 40cents! No biggie -- just an FYI for penny pinchers out there or those who don't prefer peppers at all.. :) So on with the review...Fries and Rings -- I could pass on the next time we go. Nothing spectacular -- just regular, room temp crinkle fries and luke warm onion rings. Sandwiches were hot and delicious! The Big Beef didn't disappoint and neither did my Beef 'n Cheddar. Thinly sliced tasty meat and great big portions. Inner monsters grumbled no more! Next time I'll be trying the hot dogs... Stayed tuned, if not for the updated review then definitely for Episode 2 of .....Monotone, Interrupting Cashier attempts a smile and tries voice inflection and patience....!!!!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,5/25/2009,86,218,6,9,9>Seriously, me and a friend were driving around to get to the back of matador when i spotted this place. We thought it looked interesting so we decided to eat here instead. I was so excited! from walking in you know you are going to get something unique. The decor was minimalist, and modern, wooden chairs with orange seats, glass walls, wooden interior. I had just got done with a midterm, and felt i deserved a beer. The beer menu was small, but larger than most restaurants, and smarter. I'm big on (good) beer, the selection pointed to good taste. They had lost coast great white and downtown brown, peroni, a chimay, and more. Ok i thought... I'm sold. We ordered the truffle Parmesan fries, which were irresistible. Truffle oil isn't for everyone, but if its for you, so are these fries. My friend ordered the fried chicken and mac combo. The chicken looked like a fried chicken paillaird, which they also had on the menu. The mac and cheese, was a five cheese combination, one of the cheeses being blue (cheese). It was an interesting twist, i may just come back and order the mac an cheese entree. I ordered the blta - blt with avocado on a brioche bun with honey mustard, this was very good, the honey mustard turned the meal more tart than creamy, and it was a nice change. The waiters were awesome, the prices were reasonable. My only wish is that they got a liquor licence for the patio so that i might ride my bike over and spend a few lazy afternoons there ordering small plates and drinking yummy beer!eat chow here!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,5/24/2009,627,151,25,22,20>Wow.  Ok...  It's located in the Michelson Marketplace.  It looks sad.  There's a "Fluff N' Fold" there.  A cleaners.  Yeah, wow.   The kind of place you'd look at and think "oh hell no."  Oh hell YES!  My Yelp brethren, I am here to witness.  Pull up a chair.  I have traveled a long, hungry road.  I've been in the dark.  This food court is the light.  Jah came to me in my sleep last night and said "dude, go get your Chippy chips on." Chippy who?  Chippy what?  The Chippy Fish & Chips. I've died and gone to fried food heaven.  I went here for lunch today - to this tiny, crappy little mall. There, in big letters, I saw it... "Food Court".   I got out of my Ferrari (it's my review), let my dogs Zeus and Apollo run wild and headed in.  I have to say... I was quite surprised.  It looks so small from the outside, but the food court is ginormous (well... for the property).    There were TONS of places to eat.  Japanese, Thai. Pasta.  Some Asian joint, Cal Chop, that is like a Panda Express for people that actually want a good meal.Then I spied Chippy - just like I saw in my dream.  The folks behind the counter were all dressed in Chippy shirts.  Super friendly.  Organized.  You can order fish & chips, fried jumbo shrimp and fried chicken (tons of sides, as well... like hush puppies, clam chowder, salad, cole slaw). I like me my fried foods, so I ordered one of everything.  Brothers and sisters, huddle up.  Until now, I've always gone to Fish Grill for this kind of stuff.  Their salmon is great, but I usually get the fried fish and shrimp, too. No more.  You hear me?  No more.  Hasta la vista, La Fisha Grilla.   Chippy has THE BEST FRIED FISH and THE BEST FRIED SHRIMP I've ever had in my entire life - that includes all my other lives, as well.  I have no idea what they put it in that batter, but it's PERFECT!  DELICIOUS!I'm the kind of guy who drowns his fried fish in lemon juice and won't eat fried shrimp without a healthy amount of cocktail sauce.  It was so good, by itself, that anything else (including tartar sauce) would have ruined it.  Fresh, too.  They give you nice size fish filets and the jumbo shrimp is jumbo.  That batter, though. Oh Mama.  The fried chicken... also good.The best part?  The prices.  $5-$10 and you'll be full.   M-F: 11:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.Next time I visit, I'm ordering a few thousand fried jumbo shrimp.Well... I've said "fried" enough for one night.  Go in peace, my friends.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/23/2009,438,417,8,10,9>I made my first visit to this restaurant last night. I have been to the Pier many times but had never stepped into the establishment. And, even though I had low expectations - I loved it. It kicked my low expectations right in the ass. We went because of the Specials they are having all week. It involves $10 Filet Mignon, Crab legs, and Grilled Halibut. That's right - Crab legs for $10 this week. And they are amazing. Succulent, juicy, and cooked perfectly. And the stilled butter is of high quality as well. We also purposely came during happy hour so that we could be there for some live entertainment and happy hour specials. Let it be said that they had Endless Summer light on the happy hour menu. That is an amazing beer from Karl Strauss brewery. It was like $3 a bottle for happy hour. They had Corona and Corona Light for $2. They had half price calamari. The Calamari was ok but not great. The sauce was pretty good. Like a slightly spicy Aoli. We also had the chowder which was tasty and creamy. My wife had the Crab legs which I tried some of. They were amazing. And the mashed potatoes and green bean's served on the side were not too shabby either. I had the Halibut which was perfectly cooked and seasoned. It appeared to have been served with artichoke hearts which were so-so. But the fish was magnificent. Also, the mashed potatoes underneath were quite tasty. I noticed today that they changed the week long special menu to say Seasonal fish - so they probably had a huge run on the halibut last night. The view from the Patio is of course amazing. It was a bit brisk out there though - even with a heater. And I heard the people that came in from surfing say that they were freezing out there. I found it interesting that Savannah has a guy working the door seemingly all day - and he appears to just be there to welcome people. I enjoyed it but found it odd to have someone meet me at the door in a T-shirt that looks like a bar room door guy - but doesnt ask for ID. Maybe later at night he ID's people. I hesitate to give this place 5 stars but - last week I went to Ambrosia which is supposed to be fine French Dining. And it was not nearly as good as my experience at Savannah. Savannah brings great food and service without the pretentious attitude. For this they get 5 stars. I will go again soon and re-review if they don't stay as great. But, I highly recommend. Don't walk - run to Savannah while they are having their week long specials. The price is amazing - the food is great. The service is wonderful. You will regret it if you miss it.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,5/22/2009,2141,534,11,14,11>Two words: HAPPY HOUR! $3 food & $5 cocktails! Unbelievable! I was surprised at the deal! Nowadays happy hour isn't as cheap as they used to be. I had my doubts about this place because I didn't really like my Geisha House Hollywood experience. Yes the decor is trendy with lots of red (my fave color) but the service and food in Hollywood sucked. However, I was curious about this place and I wanted a place that wouldn't be super packed to watch the Laker game (which they won by the way! WOOHOO Lake Show!).This was the perfect spot. Plus they extended happy hour until the end of the game. Sweet! The couches were comfy and the tvs were close. What I didn't get were the small tvs placed inside the squares by the bar. Yes they're cool looking but you need to squint to see what's on the screen. Maybe it's just me and I have bad eyes? (I do but that's not the point) What I REALLY didn't get were the tvs waaaay high above that you couldn't even see them! What a waste of tvs AND electricity. Not very eco-friendly are you Geisha House?... (rhetorical question)Anyways, I ordered the garlic edamame (buttery but delish), spicy rock shrimp tempura (really good! such a great deal for only $3!), salmon robata aka yakitori (2 good sized skewers that tasted good too), Hollywood roll (don't know why I ordered this because I usually don't order rolls, but I guess I wanted a filler in my tummy due to the cocktails I was consuming. It was so-so. As bland as a crab, avocado and something roll is. See! So boring I don't even remember the 3rd part of it!)The cocktails were not as strong as I'm used to (I usually drink Henn and coke though so maybe my taste buds are out of whack) but they tasted yummy. =)Service was very attentive and everyone was friendly. I'd definitely go back to this place. Maybe for dinner but for sure during happy hour!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,5/21/2009,659,439,10,16,14>Shin Sen Gumi is the place for yakatori. I had the best yakatori experience with fellow yelper and friend, Steph W, who introduced me to Shin Sen Gumi's yakatori. Thank you, Steph!!! Shin Sen Gumi is a master yakatori house. The Shaolin Foodie Master in me bows down to Shin's yakatori. I had the most pleasurable dining experience at Shin. The 5 senses (hearing, sight, taste, touch and smell), were feeling the love and enjoying yakatori. The grill taste was extraordinary. We had the:* beef tongue on skewers* chicken livers (OMG!! Freakin amazing!!!)* quail eggs on skewers* chicken gizzards & meatballs (Yes, please. May I have another)* chicken thigh with green onion* enoki mushroom with bacon (Anything with bacon just taste good, huh?)* rice ball (crisp, heavenly delight)I savored every bite and enjoyed having a beer with Steph. A good meal with a friend is where it's at. Plus, meat and beer just go good together. The service, the yakatori, and the atmosphere is fantastic at Shin Sen Gumi. The waiters are cute and very attentive. They took great care of us and made us feel right at home. They gave Steph and I good recommendations on what to try and order. I am coming back for more of those chicken livers & gizzards. They are so good.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,5/20/2009,302,356,10,14,14>Needed some pho after 1 drink too many at Tommy Bahama the night before.... pho will do the trick! Wanted something a bit lighter than beef pho so went out for chicken pho. Went here a few years ago, but finally found my way back. Noodles: You can actually specify if you want the normal noodles or the wider, fresh ones (called pho tuoi). Traditionally chicken pho comes comes with the wider noodles in Central Vietnam and restaurants either go with one or the other, like the choice here.Soup: Really clean and bright. Chicken pho is not as hearty or rich tasting as it's beef counterpart. You can put hoisin if you want, but you'll see less people putting it in the chicken vs beef pho.Chicken: We ordered our pho with white meat only, no skin. We got huge chunks of PERFECTLY cooked breast. It was juicy and didn't have a hint of rubberiness. It stayed really tender even when I was near the end of the bowl. Comes with a spicy fish sauce type dipping sauce.Lowdown: One of the best places for chicken pho with perfectly cooked and tender chicken. Cheap too, the large bowl was $5.25! We were charged and extra dollar for something, not sure if it was the hot tea (provided automatically when you sit down) or the white meat substitution. Looking forward to trying Pho Dakao to compare!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/24/2014,442,800,27,30,30>Great deep dish pizza.  The OC is pretty barren when it comes to great pizza places, so it was a pleasure to add Tony's into my pizza hit list.  On my first trip we had a hungry group of 9 Yelpers sharing  three pizzas: yelp.com/biz_photos/tony…Sausage and mushroom,  pepperoni and pineapple, and chicken and artichoke.All the pizzas were virtually comprised of the same goodies: thick, buttery crust, an almost absurd amount of melted cheese, and topped with a great tomato sauce.  The only difference is the toppings.  The toppings per square inch is not abundant, so that's where the - 0.5 stars comes in.  I guess I could double meat these bad boys, but that adds onto the already pricey pie.   It really takes 45 minutes to make these masterpieces.  Call it in well in advance and your planning and patience will be rewarded.Side note: I know I can't finish a whole pizza, so I freeze the ones I won't be able to eat for later consumption.  I also like to heat the pizza by the slice to get the cheese oozing off each slice.  Yum!4.5 stars
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,3/23/2014,915,683,21,40,29>Amazing! Fascinating! This was my second time seeing Bodies, first time was in Orlando several years ago, and jumped at the chance for a local re-do. As most of you likely know from all of the media coverage over the years, these are incredibly preserved human bodies. There are 9 rooms, and each one focuses on a different part of the human system, skeletal in one room, circulatory in another etc. There is nothing that will make you squeamish (except maybe the fetus room, that sports a warning sign) as the preservation process makes the cadavers appear more like rubber replicas. Well the one display case that showed a cancerous penis did make me wince a bit.I would recommend for all who have an interest or curiosity to see in detail what we humans cart around during our lifetimes. We went on a Sunday arriving around 10:30 and beat the crowds, as there was a long line at the box office when we departed at noon. Another hot tip that I gleaned from fellow Yelper Rodney S; visitbuenapark.com/inclu…. $5 off the $16.75 ticket, which is an incredible value since I believe it was $32 in Vegas.The exhibit will be housed here for 2 years from the date of this writing.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/22/2014,4561,468,99,104,98>You are cordially invited to my upcoming nuptials!Yes, you heard right!  After a long courtship, I finally put a ring on it.I got down on one knee & confessed my undying love...........for milk tea! ;pFusion Tea Bar, the latest addition to the growing Cerritos food scene.yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…Fusion Tea Bar utilizes real brewed tea/flower petals for their drinks, differentiating themselves from their competition using powder.  The connoisseur can definitely taste the difference in quality.yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…On my initial visit, I ordered Thai tea & Gen Maicha tea latte, both easy ice & lightly sweetened.  yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…The Gen Maicha tea latte was delicious & refreshing!  I was allowed to sample a bit of it to approve the sweetness level, which I give kudos to Fusion Tea Bar for.  I'm a big green tea fan & I give my vote of approval for the Gen Maicha tea latte.  The Thai tea wasn't my order, but I did have a few sips.  It was good, a little too sweet for me but tasty.Besides drinks, Fusion Tea Bar offers a few snacks, savory & sweet.  Things like-Various macarons-yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…Assorted doughssants (Cronuts)-yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…Service was good.  The cheerful young cashier took our orders and happily answered any questions this newbie threw at her.   2 flatscreen TV's are available for your viewing enjoyment.  Get your groove on with the pop music  playing in the background.  There are couches in the front & bar seating towards the rear. yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…yelp.com/biz_photos/fusi…I really enjoyed my first visit to Fusion Tea Bar.  The drinks are similar to Cha2O, but w/o the crowds.  I'm definitely coming back to sample more of the menu.Highly recommend!NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,3/21/2014,628,63,20,28,27>Dinner for two $134Parking $12 with validation. 6 hour time limit.Came to Sir Winston's for a late dinner before embarking on the 11pm paranormal spirit walk.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-…Due to the historic nature of the ship, the restaurant is only accessible by stairs.Upon entering you are greeted by the hostess. Rich wood paneling and pictures of Sir Winston Churchill adorn the walls. Lighting is dim but not too dark.We were seated at a table far into the restaurant which truly shows how large the place is being that it's on a ship.Every table has crisp white table cloths and place settings ready. yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-…The "fantail" dining room is amazing with large windows offering spectacular harbor views.Prior to receiving our entree, we were given a complimentary pink champagne sorbet.We decided on the Chateaubriand For Two medium rare. $78.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-…The filet was rolled out to us and carved table side. Absolutely excellent. Soft and cooked perfectly. Two sauces were offered, bearnaise and a red wine sauce. For dessert, we had the raspberry souffle. The other two souffle choices are chocolate and Grand Marnier.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-…Airy and full of raspberry flavor. Another excellent choice. It takes a while to prepare so it must be ordered ahead of time. Complimentary chocolate covered strawberries top it off.The staff were friendly and very keen on service. Thank you Fito!Would definitely be going back.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/20/2014,1092,337,27,34,33>I was running some errands in the area when I decided it would be a good time to grab a snack. I opened the yelp app to help me find a place that serves popcorn chicken (which shouldn't be difficult to find, after all I am in the Asian part of town) and it brought me to TeaZone Lollicup. According to google maps, it said that TeaZone is located just a few blocks away. Perfect!...That is until I got to the parking lot. I entered the shopping center ( they have two one way, drive way to enter and leave) and it just so happened that at the same moment someone was going the wrong way at 50 mph and we almost had a head on collision. Luckily, we both stopped in time. I'm not going to lie, there was a part of me that wanted to just drive away that moment because this parking lot was just complete chaos!... but, that means no popcorn chicken-- so I put my fears aside and circled the parking lot for a space. Once parked, I dodged cars all the way from the other side of the shopping center to just get to TeaZone. I legit felt like I was on a battlefield trying to avoid crazy drivers and solicitors. Frogger anyone? I was in! I ordered my popcorn chicken and a thai tea. My thai tea took no time at all, but my popcorn chicken was cooked to order so I waited about five minutes, no biggie. The place was clean and people that worked there were pleasant. I had time to glance at the menu-- snow, tea bubble, milk teas, slushies in typical boba tea house flavors. As far as food, they had fried  calamari, sweet potato fries and tofu for variety. With my snack in tote, I braced myself as I headed out the door and into that circus of a parking lot. As soon as I got to my car, I ate a few pieces of the popcorn chicken. OMG! Best. Popcorn. Chicken. Ever.I wasn't really expecting it be that good.. but the seasoning or whatever they use is dericious! The moral of the review: Hard work always pays off-- especially when it comes to popcorn chicken and boba. Just watch out for those crazy drivers. (You know what I'm talking about! lol!) Make sure you wear your running shoes, sharpen your reflexes and stretch before you even dare enter this parking lot. May the odds be ever in your favor!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/19/2014,2049,277,27,45,36>In Irvine, you can almost name any kind of Asian food and you'll be able to find such a restaurant, but for years there has never been a Hong Kong style café.  That was until two days ago when Tasty Garden opened their doors to become the first and only truly authentic Hong Kong style café in Irvine.Tasty Garden:  Welcome, and thank you for coming to Irvine!The restaurant is very nice - large and bright with a contemporary and upscale décor.  It has both inside and outside seating although the outside section was closed today, probably due to weather.  The outside area looks very nice and it's going to be an awesome place to sit and dine or just to chill on a typical beautiful Southern California day.  The interior looks plush.  The booths are nice and very comfortable.  The ceiling lights are bright, sleek in design, and it also gives the place a cool ambience.Those who are familiar with Hong Kong style café probably already know their extensive menu, which is very similar to their Arcadia and Monterey Park locations, as well as comparable cafes.  The main categories are:  grilled items (steak, pork chop, chicken or fish); Baked rice or pasta; Chinese style fried noodles, fried rice, chow fun, or soup noodles; stir fried dishes (wok dishes) and other Asian entrees.What we ordered today:GRILLED PORK CHOP ($9.00, lunch menu):  First, let me say that it comes with TWO pieces of pork chop, not one, like another person has said.  And I have the picture to prove that there are two pieces of pork chop.As with all grilled items, you have a choice of sauces and I choose the black pepper sauce.  You also have a choice of 2 side dishes - buttered corn, mixed veggies, onion rings and French fries.  I picked the corn and onion rings.  On top of that it also comes with a small plate of rice.  So serving size is large and generous.The pork chops are good quality white meat and they are perfectly grilled, tender, and flavorful.  The black pepper sauce is authentic Hong Kong style.  It gives me a good kick but is not too overwhelming. Another plus is that the sauce comes on the side so you can decide how much sauce you want on your dish.  Side dishes are good, and the onion rings are crispy and tasty.BAKED PASTA WITH FILET OF SOLE AND CHICKEN IN MANGO CHEESE SAUCE ($9.50, lunch menu):  First off, this is a creative dish, more like a fusion dish than a traditional Hong Kong entrée.  Give them credit for the creativity although I feel that the sauce is a bit too sweet and lacks a rich flavor.The fish is good - not one bit of a fishy taste or smell which I cannot stand.  Chicken is mostly dark meat (which is preferred by most Chinese) and the chicken is tender and flavorful.  Pasta is good, although I must warn those who are not familiar with Hong Kong café food that the pasta is soft - and it is supposed to be soft, not al dente like an Italian restaurant.  The pasta is nicely baked with the cheese perfectly golden brown on top (see picture).  There are a lot of meat and pasta and the portion is huge!Service is one notch above comparable Chinese restaurants, many of which are notorious for bad service.  Everyone we encountered today has been courteous, friendly and helpful.  Is everything perfect?  Of course not.  This is only their third day in operation.  The receptionists seemed a bit confused at times about seating us.  Give them credit though - this place has been packed all day and it was still a full house at 2:30PM.  Our server had to look at the menu to understand what we ordered - this is only his third day on the job so give him a break!  Tea came out warm, not hot.  But these are all growing pains which will go away in time.  It should not take them long as I remember the Monterey Park location (Times Square) was running in full speed only weeks after their grand opening.On the third day of their brand new operation, this is a solid 5-star experience.  I'll be returning often to try the numerous items on their menu.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/18/2014,695,694,25,31,22>With the line out the door, Afters must be racking in the dough... or should I say DONUTS?Sandwiched (I love my choice of words) between Pick Up Stix and Hallmark, It's hard to not give Afters a high rating  simply because you can't really find a place that serves "handcrafted" ice cream inside milky buns--the clever name used to describe the donuts here. I'm glad there is another dessert option in town besides boba, yogurt and whatever other dessert fad that came along.The donuts don't seem to be made in house but purchased through an outside vendor. While waiting in line, several workers brought in trays of donuts to meet the demand of customers. Very curious where they get these said donuts... cause while plain and simple, they are delicious. I heard they ran out out of buns a few days ago but on my visit, it looks like they ramped up their order.The premise is simple: you have an option of getting a scoop of ice cream inside your milky bun. This runs at $5 and includes one topping. There are other options like having it in a cup but I'd recommend just trying the milky bun your first go around. There is a sheet of paper inside the store with all of the month's current flavors--it's too bad there isn't something visible outside to help customers endure the wait. Among the flavors offered that day, two of them were not available; coincidentally the ones we wanted to try (horchata and Vietnamese coffee). On my visit, I had the milk and cereal inside a milky bun. The ice cream tasted very similar to the sweet, rich milk you find after you've finished up a bowl of Frosted Flakes- my favorite growing up as a kid. The cereal as the topping were corn flakes and the donut added an unexpected contrast between sweet and salty that I did not expect but definitely enjoyed. The crunch from the corn flakes is also great for texture. Just based on this alone, I am in love! My friends were very pleased with their choice of flavors.For having been only open for a week, the line is always out the door every time I have driven by. On my lunch time visit on a Saturday, it took over 45 minutes before sitting down and enjoying this treat. My only other comments to improve this particular experience: - make it known what flavors are out before crushing a customer's hope of trying a unique flavor- I was going through a dilemma on what flavor to choose and my life would have been easier if I knew there were less options- get the pricing down to be consistent... ordering a scoop of ice cream and a donut separate ended up being cheaper than just buying it together, this theory was stumbled upon by a friend who just wanted the donut on the side- donuts being delivered through the front door while the place is packed seemed a bit odd- crates were used to create a line, I think an upgrade is in orderI hope to return when the line AFTER (ok, last pun for this review) the hype dies down, but something tells me that's going to be awhile...
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,3/17/2014,592,331,28,36,31>Try this on for size: sushi in a strip club. Nigiri with nudies. Tuna with TandA. A place where Heartbreaker and One Night Stand are both the names of menu items and potential products of the environment. And yet, the result of our evening with Chef "Sushi" Dave was a good one. By the way, if you're wondering why our pictures are so washed out, blame the direct light we needed in that dark establishment in order to see anything at all!It must have been a rare time in history because here I was being the one trying to get Duke D. to go (girlfriend persuading her boyfriend to go to a strip club? crazy!). However, we later learned that this wasn't so uncommon when it came to Dave's fish - a lot of his regulars are husband & wife duos who come for a good time with good food. As for how he ended up in this type of place for his type of craft, it just happened to be a defunct upper bar with the perfect measurements for his sushi set-up. Now it's the main attraction at the Venetian. By the way, there's a cover charge but if you reach out to Chef Dave himself (find him on Facebook), he can send over passes.We snagged two seats at the 10-seat sushi bar and looked around at all the other tables which were empty at our early hour but guaranteed to fill up quickly. He placed the capacity at approximately 70 guests and noted that it's usually all reserved. In fact, it's hard to get in without a reservation. Like any dedicated sushi chef, he absolutely knew all of his regulars and what they liked eating, even making special orders for them sometimes and holding those cuts for their arrival. We started off with the Garlic Edamame ($6 - soybeans sauteed with minced garlic, chili oil, and soy sauce) which were fantastically garlicky and fiesty in spiciness. It's not a dish you use your hands on because of the sauce. A plate of Cajun Seared Albacore Sashimi ($14 - with avocado, baby spinach, and garlic chips finished with a spicy ponzu sauce) was next and definitely something to crave. The albacore was tender enough to nearly split as I picked it up with my chopsticks, and the contrast between crunchy garlic chips and soft fish was pleasant.It seemed like a hand torch was one of his favorite kitchen utensils as we saw him take it to the tops of rolls frequently. Keep in mind where you are when you dine here and the clientele to appeal to - you will find that rolls make up the majority of the menu but don't judge prematurely. They're fairly good, and Dave's 20+ years of sushi experience is apparent. If there's one thing you can count on, his sushi talents have gotten around.Our torched roll was the Seared Yellowtail and Jalapeno Roll ($15 - crab, cucumber, and avocado topped with yellowtail and thinly sliced jalapenos lightly seared with a torch and finished with a spicy ponzu sauce). The wuss I am, I removed the slices from the tops of the rolls but their heat had already been burnt into the flesh and gave a spicy kick to each bite. His signature jalapeno sauce also added to the flames. We chased the buzz down with his Baked Green Mussels ($10 - New England mussels topped with crab, spicy aioli, and eel sauce) which were quite sweet and a tad heavy on the mayo from the crab.A half and half plate of the Salmon Lime Roll ($15 - crab and avocado topped with salmon and thinly sliced lime lightly seared with a torch and finished with ponzu sauce) and the Yella Yella Roll ($15 - cajun seared albacore, crab, and avocado topped with Sushi Dave's garlic sauce and green onions, served with a side of ponzu) graced us next. Both had a little tartness from their own citrus accompaniments, but I preferred the latter of the two for its more tender fish. Seared salmon is not always my thing. Quite possibly our favorite roll for the night was the Spicy "Domo" Roll ($15 - shrimp tempura, crab, and avocado topped with spicy tuna and crunchies finished with green onion, sweet soy sauce, and spicy mayo). It's a mouthful both in ingredients and in taste but we absolutely enjoyed it for the medley of textures and incorporation of tuna with shrimp tempura. Lastly, we gazed at how skillfully Chef Dave thinly skinned a cucumber enough to make a wrapper out of it. His artful motions ended up producing his Venetian Lollipop (tuna, yellowtail, salmon, crabmeat and avocado wrapped in a cucumber peel), a colorful mash of various fish rolled up in a refreshing, crisp package. The skewers made them easy to pop in our mouths quickly.It was definitely a unique and surprising night that surpassed our initial expectations. We can't hide the fact that we were skeptical at first but Chef Dave turned us around. If you manage to get a reservation and try to become a regular at this sushi bar, don't be late. That's the quickest way for him to knock you off his list!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/16/2014,645,646,64,66,64>Hey man dig your claws into this! I had a jones for some Viet-Cajun seafood and Claws was just up the street and the stars were aligned this time too as the last two times they were closed.  Aw crap a line! No worries I got me a seat in the bar area and it was on! TIP #1: Skip the line and dine in the lounge area. No wait!I liked this place the minute I sat down because I had a cold one in hand in two blinks of an eye! Blink blink beer! yelp.com/biz_photos/claw… Super service. 5*****Star!I was really hungry and craving some Cajun goodness so I opted for the 3 lb meal dealio.  yelp.com/biz_photos/claw…  I got the butterflied shrimp as my side and I must say that they were pretty tasty. Fried in some fresh oil, you can tell and the shrimp were fresh too. The tartar sauce wasn't bad but I've had better and could have used a bit more.  yelp.com/biz_photos/claw… 4****StarsTIP #2: Gear up! put on the bib or you'll be sorry! Ain't no drycleaner gonna fix a crawdad stained shirt!Beer #2 came just as my bag o bugs n stuff showed up. Perfect timing! Viet-Cajun seafood goes best with lime laden Mexican beer! Trust me on this.Shrimp, oysters, and mudbugs. A la Spicy Cannonball style.  Hell yea lets get it on!yelp.com/biz_photos/claw…The shrimp were very nice sized and fresh tasting not old & mushy. Nice quality and hella tasty. Love that hot sauce! The clams were large and intact. Not a bag of empty shells like I've experienced at a similar (K.Crab) place. The clams were great as they had soaked up a bunch of that yummy garlic laden cannonball sauce and although I must admit I like BC's XXX Whole Shebang sauce a tad bit more, this one is no slouch. The mudbugs were previously frozen as I was told up front by my waitress yet weren't all gummy and mushy (unlike K. Crab). You know the drill. Twist , pull, suck, pick, pinch and eat and eat and eat some more. Now you're doing the crawdad dance!  yelp.com/biz_photos/claw… I probably could have polished off a couple more pounds but hey I gotta watch my girlish figure, errr curves, I mean my lard ass.Next time screw the diet I'm going for the full Monty 5 lb man plan!  yelp.com/biz_photos/claw…This is a nice clean friendly joint to get your Viet-Cajun feed bag on!  Shorter lines than BC, a better drink selection too (full bar). Lots of happy hour deals. Awesome service, mega uber nice staff. The only piece missing is a great Creole Cajun-influenced swampy zydeco band to rock your belly.Hell ya I be back!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,3/15/2014,1315,252,27,33,29>This location is very spacious and centrally located, between Bristol & 1st Streets, where you will find some of the very best taquerias in all of Orange County. (A second location is just a block away on 1st.) It is fairly clean too, although my earnest attempt to chase away flies by opening the side door and swatting my hands drew some approval from other patrons who knew what I was trying to do. The carne asada (cubed steak) was nearly as good as it gets! It was very flavorful (a tasty marinade, well seasoned but not overly salted), juicy and grilled perfectly. Beef this tasty does not require hot sauce or other condiments! The al pastor (Shepard style pork) and lengua (beef tongue) were just as succulent but lacked in flavor. The meats were so juicy and tender but a bit tame when it came to taste. They were surly not on par with the carne asada.The salsa bar included salsa roja (red sauce), salsa verde (green sauce), chopped onions with cilantro, pickled carrots and lime wedges. The counter was clean and trays seem to be replenished regularly. They were all completely full when we arrived around lunch time.The hot sauces lacked the fiery spiciness and did little to enhance the flavors of the meats. I felt more disappointed about the salsas than the good but not great tasting al pastor and lengua.The best and safe bet seems to be with the carne asada. In addition to the tacos, the all meat burrito, $5.10 (a combination, with beans and rice, is only $3.71) and nachos grande, $8 with carne asada are two excellent choices. More than 7" long and 3" thick, loaded with heaps of their delicious carne asada and salsa fresca tightly rolled into a flour tortilla shell, the sizable all-carne asada made for a tasty meal that will satisfy the heartiest of appetites.Fans of nachos will enjoy the nachos grande. Crispy, golden-yellow corn tortilla chips were covered with layers of nacho cheese with generous chunks of carne asada (all other meat options are available for this dish). Additional toppings included guacamole, shredded cotija cheese, sour cream, diced tomatoes and onions. I do not care for the sharp, tart flavor of sour cream nor its pungent smell. The sour cream served here, however, was rather mild so I was very pleased. It was another tasty, substantial dish that can feed two people.The prices at Taqueria Tapatia are extremely reasonable. Tacos, which are good sized, are only $1.16 each! They are the size of the tacos prepared at El Toro Carniceria Y Taqueria (about 3/4 the length of an average man's hand) and almost as delicious but priced $1.50 less!The carne asada here will have me coming back time and again.CASH ONLY. There is an ATM machine inside. Open late (until 2 a.m. or later depending on the day).
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,12/6/2009,458,306,11,14,14>What the heck? A new, clean and modernized type of theater right here across the street from Disneyland? Cinema Fusion is located @ GardenWalk in Anaheim. Came here last night and watched the movie screening of the upcoming film, Adventureland. Some cool key features:* The concession stand lines seemed to move quick and the staff kept the cool customer service persona on at all times. * Restrooms = clean and spacious and ladies, plenty of stalls to choose from* Seats were CLEAN, comfortable and recline with ease. * Entrance to the theater has huge screens which displayed different trailers of current and upcoming feature films.* BAR, ALCOHOL, BAR, ALCOHOL!And the only downside:* Kristen Stewart still needs to master her ''frustrated'' and/or "angry" scenes.So, if you asked me...the answer would be "Hell yes!" "I'm definitely coming back!" What's not to love? This OC theater has a BAR? Right! That's what I said!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~5/5 Ambiance - The mood, character, quality, tone, atmosphere.4/5 Service -Helpful, accommodating, efficient, delivery and speed?3/5  Food / Merchandise - Quality, taste, presentation.4/5  Price - Reasonable, inexpensive, high priced?(Based on Irma's review rating rubric - static.px.yelp.com/photo…)
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,12/5/2009,859,701,9,13,10>I like this sandwich place. They also have Vietnamese coffee and sandwiches, but I tried their Italian Connection (cold) sandwich consisting of salami and provolone cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. Their bread is fantastic, made by Vie de France. The quality of meat and cheese is high and the condiments are just right. The mustard in the sandwich was the right amount and a good taste.My sandwich was simple and tasted very good. These are not the largest sandwiches but I preferred it to a larger sandwich. It was a perfect lunch.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,12/4/2009,12,799,9,14,14>Clandestine Gluttony. How else could I ever describe such a merger between beautiful fate and queasy corpulence? A tell-tale dinner with friends-far-from-famine gave rise to a piece of knowledge that would prove glorious in the week to follow. After hearing of my noodle fetish, Rhox informed me of a must-try noodle house.Myung Dong was graced with my giant fat ass as a result of a last minute schedule change. "Wanna go to that noodle house some time next week? I know some people who want to go.""Can we go tonight?""Sure!"Table settings include a box with metal chop sticks and spoons, and condiments of soy sauce, vinegar, black pepper, and red pepper. Atmosphere is very open and very clean. Wood floors as well as wood-everything-else. Great floor space and generous wiggle room between patrons. Bathrooms were also spacious and kept very clean. Service was friendly and prompt. Complimentary items include hot barley tea, FANTASTIC kimchee, and perfectly pickled white kimchee.From what I recall, almost everything had a $7.95 price tag. Quantity is VERY generous, even by my standards and that says a lot. Menu itself is not exactly sprawling with variety, but in all honesty, this place is a noodle house because they chose to right dish to specialize in. When you have this level of quality, quantity will only prove a disservice to your restaurant's integrity and reputation.Helpful Note: I don't speak Korean but I found that pointing and smiling work well.Names are a blur but I think we ordered, judging by other people's reviews, two bowls of their specialty, Kal Guksu. Traditionally, this dish boasts handmade and hand cut noodles. The noodles looked pretty uniform and I doubt were hand-anything, but aside from that detail, this dish was aesthetically perfect. Noodles were of medium width and had a nice firm texture. Broth was delicious and sliced vegetables were crisp. 4 dumplings and some seasoned ground beef serve as generous garnishes. Absolutely wonderful.One order of the cold noodles that were green and chewy was amazingly refreshing. (Bibim Guksu?) Fantastic vegetables used and the perfect amount of sauce that added everything to the over all flavour and took nothing away in masking the other ingredients.Oh, and 3 orders of the mandu. Yeah, 3. No, they were not the best mandu I've ever had and no, they weren't even remotely "wow" status, BUT what I loved was how CLEAN they tasted. Clean taste and a clean finish. No salty after taste, no dry mouth or severe thirst. They were made with nothing but fresh, clean, simple ingredients, just like what home cooking should taste like.I wish I remembered the name of the cold noodle dish ordered, but it is a guarantee that I will be back before even a week's time. Last night was my first time here and before lunch today, I was already craving a return. I did not manage to return tonight due to work but I am already set to have dinner here again tomorrow.For the past 6 years, I've had one favourite noodle house that saw me 2-3 times each week during peak seasons. I will honestly say that I think I've found a new favorite noodle house.Seriously.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,12/3/2009,384,243,7,14,13>Came here twice to make sure of the quality:First thing I noticed is that they have an array of items. First time I ordered the Extra Hot 13 piece with garlic fries.  I tried my friends regular hot and I couldn't really tell the difference in regards to spiciness.The garlic fries were good, albeit a lot of the fries were really small which kinda bugged.Second time my friend and I ordered the 26 piece kamikaze and garlic fries.It was spicier but it didn't have the super spicy kick one would expect, but it was good none the less.The price for the wings are pretty reasonable.  The seating is a little limited and just one straight booth, but it works.  Hey it's not no 5 star restaurant...it's a family owned joint....service for me seemed to be good.  Just have to ask and you shall receive.I used to drive to Hot Wings Cafe out in LA...although its not quite up to par...it will make a great alternative for me and my friends who live out in  OC.  Although I haven't tried their other flavors...i would recommend that you stick with the mild, hot, extra hot, versions.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,12/1/2009,418,175,10,13,11>Didn't know which pho place to eat with so many options in Bolsa but the hubby suggested Boiilng Crab. The last time we were here was 4 months ago and so we were due. There are so many reviews of this place but the only thing I can add is while you are waiting to be seated (we were seated within 40 minutes on a sunday night at 9:35pm..yay!) and you are over 21 yrs old, order a beer at the counter. It is super cheap at $2.50 for domestics and $3.00 for imported. Just like our last visit, the food is still awesome and the host was super nice and apologetic for the wait...40 min is not bad at all for this place. The waiter who helped us was very friendly and kept coming back to check on us. Yummy whole shebang sauce + eat with your hands + corn and shrimp with head + domestic beers = a great late night dinner that is worth all the calories and extra time at the gym tomorrow =)
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,11/30/2009,346,353,10,18,17>Cobantigua is a little secret local coffee shop.  With its abundance of great outdoor seating, I always ask myself why I don't come here more often?  The owner is a super sweet man that offers you free fresh white chocolate cranberry cookies if you are one of the few last customers! Yum!This is a great place to just relax, hang out, and study.  A study date maybe?  I believe that on specific Wednesday nights, there are usually live bands that play so that one can enjoy their Ice Tuxedo, White Chocolate Mocha, Black and White on Ice, or a simple flavored ice tea with new music from bands just starting out.  I usually try to make an appoint to revisit this place from time to time because it is so secret and hidden - I am always worried that there might be a day that it will not be there when I return.  Where will I go if Cobantigua is not there?  Who will make my Ice Tuxedo or my Black and White on Ice?  Where else can I find funky theater chairs at a coffee shop?  I don't even want to imagine the possibility of a non-existent Cobantigua in the mist of Old World Village.... Therefore, I am writing a review of Cobantigua so that the secret is out!!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,11/29/2009,566,426,10,12,14>Monkeys.I thought I'd seen them all.  I mean, Curious George was my childhood pal.  I'd peered through iron bars at the screeching inmates at the San Diego Zoo.  The Rally Monkey was ever-present on my shoulder at all Angels games.  I'd even had a fat live one sit on my shoulder in Cancun (digging its nails into my shoulder, might I add... *shudder*).But truth be told, I'd never seen a million monkeys in one place - not until today, anyway.For almost two years now, I've been trying to foray into the artificial monkey haven called Monkey House Cafe.  It got voted #1 on the OC Hotlist, and as a cafe-lover, I oh-so-wanted to check it out!Unfortunately, the damned place closes at 6pm every night.  They're also closed on Sundays.  Scheduling conflict?  FOR SHIZZLE!I'd nearly forgotten (or given up) on this place until late last week.  A few coworkers and I were driving down Beach Blvd, trying to find a Thai place I Yelped, when we saw Monkey House."Oh! Let's try that next time!"Next time turned out to be today.  As soon as the clock hit noon, the three of us bolted out of work and zoomed south on Beach and parked in the narrow lot in front of Monkey House Cafe.Walking in, it was almost surreal.  No joke.  It was a house full of monkeys.  Monkeys, monkeys, everywhere!  On the walls, on the floors, on the ceilings, here and there!  A giant portion of the cafe was dedicated to creating a sort of gift shop area where patrons can sift through THOUSANDS of different stuffed monkeys.  Truly, Monkey House Cafe is a monkey house.Surprisingly, they had a pretty decent menu.  Cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, salads, soups, desserts, and breakfast items.  Not bad!  The entire backside of the menu is dedicated to a dizzying array of drinks, from teas to coffees to blended specialties to smoothies.All three of us opted for the roast beef sandwich.  What's cool is, for the hot sandwiches, anyway, you choose the meat, you choose the bread, and you choose the cheese.  They all come with tomatoes, red onions, and lettuce, with mayo and mustard.  Yummers.I opted for an iced tea, and one of my coworkers got their Mint Chocolate Espresso blended drink.  All the drinks were yummy, and all the sandwiches were yummy.  All the ingredients tasted nice and fresh, and because I'm sort of fobby like that, I totally appreciated how the sandwiches were cut down the middle, not diagonally.  I like rectangle slices better than triangle slices.  Kthx.My coworkers both raved about the potato salad.  As I'm not a huge potato salad fan, I opted for a bag of pita chips.  All was swell.Then, one coworker decided to splurge on a cookie.  Holy mother.  That cookie was DELICIOUS!  Chocolate Chip with Macadamia Nut, or something like that.  Holy. Monkey.Will we be back?Oh, for SURE!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,11/28/2009,703,469,14,14,14>I'm convinced that Bamboo Bistro is run by a bunch of Ninjas.Except instead of scaling walls and numchucking bad guys they dish up a mean Pad Thai in a chandelier and candle lit Corona Del Mar delight.This restaurant is uber hidden, like a Ninja lurking in the shadows.  Because even though they say they are on PCH, they are actually down a small street OFF PCH, across from a gas station... totally out of view if you're on PCH, in fact.  And in the way Bruce Lee had to fight all those little bosses in that pagoda to finally reach Kareem Abdul Jabar in his 1978 film "Game of Death"...those of you skilled enough to find this rare gem are certainly in for a big payout.The service can only be described as "Ninja-like".  Water get magically refilled in seconds without a sound.  Plates leave the table with a passing breeze.  I dropped my fork and a ninja hand reached out from nowhere and caught it--before it hit the ground.  The only thing that was missing was a loud "Hee-YA!"  Ninjas.  Seriously.Onto the food:The Shaken Beef.  Loved it.  TENDER chunks of filet mignon.  Normally I don't like filet cut up because I think it's a bad use of such a tender piece of meat, but here, every single bite was tender!  Chicken coconut soup.  The peanuts take this dish from good to great.  Only funny thing is, they serve it in a shallow bowl and give you a pretty small serving spoon, so you end up scooping and scooping to get even a small amount in your bowl.  You feel a bit silly, but the taste makes you forget.Pork spring rolls.  They were called "Brodard" style spring rolls, but they were much smaller and not as good as the true Brodard rolls in Garden Grove.Pad thai.  Squeeze some of that lime on there, and you've got the BEST Pad Thai in OC!I highly recommend Bamboo Bistro as a great place with beautiful ambiance, wonderful service, fantastic food, and reasonable prices.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,11/27/2009,355,278,26,27,25>In the Chinese culture, long noodles mean long life. In the Greek culture, Windex cures all. We Jews have a similar theory about maintaining good health:Matzo Ball Soup. Matzo Ball Soup is what we call *Jewish Penicillin.* It doesn't matter what your aches and pains are because it's nothin' a little soup can't cure. My 90 year old grandparents (married 68 years) used to own Jewish delis in NYC and LA and they both live on Matzo Ball Soup. See, I told you that stuff is the fountain of youth! So not only are they Jewish (which already makes them opinionated to begin with), but they are certified deli aficionados. This means they can be a major pain in the tuchus when it comes to how they like their pastrami and rye. That said, they both really like Benjie's and beg me to bring it to them whenever I visit. Perhaps it's because Benjie's is the closest thing we can get to a real deli in OC (other than Katella Deli, of course, but that's practically in LA anyways). My grandparents raised me on good soup and deli foods, so you could easily say I'm picky as well. Overall, Benjie's food is good, not great. The Matzo Ball Soup is very tasty but the broth is a little too salty. The Matzo Balls are big and fluffy, just how I like 'em. The potato salad is a tad too sweet and the latkes are decent. The sandwiches, however, are always excellent. I love the turkey pastrami, corned beef, beef brisket, and chicken salad. The bread is very good, too, especially the rye. You do know that it's not really a deli sandwich unless it's on rye bread, right? Whew. Oh, good. Other than the sandwiches, what I really love is their lox and bagels platter and their Challah bread. However, if you want to order a loaf, you better order well ahead of Shabbos. I've even tried buying Challah on a Friday morning and it just didn't happen. The Black and White cookies (when they have them) are also very good. The restaurant itself is dated and reminds me of Juniors in LA, just with far less bakery items. The service is, well, exactly what you might expect. The place is always filled with regulars and half of them have probably been eating at Benjie's since it opened 40 years ago. And, you know what? In another 40 years, you'll probabely still see me eating here, too. L'Chaim!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,11/26/2009,1078,989,9,13,10>Note: this isn't Burke Williams. You are in Little Saigon.I have to laugh at the location of this place. It's in a business complex along with a sex lingerie shop and a cafe with girls in skimpy lingerie. What is to be expected of this place then?  I hesitated on getting my reflexology massage here. Not bc of the price, but because of what was next door. My usual place is Life Reflexology for $20 plus tip. My friend convinced me to try this one since it's $5 cheaper. You can't beat that price for a whole hour. We called about 15 minutes before going and they catered to us right away.  There were 6 of us, and they took us in all at the same time. The hot water in the bucket for the feet are so great. I think the head massages are the best here...except for the neck cracking. I think i will request to not have that next time. Be aware: they will put their finger in your ear. It's weird I know, but just go with it. The feet reflexology is amazing as well. I felt like they put half an hour into my feet massage alone, and that is just awesome. They also cracked my back and kneaded it with elbows. I wasn't a fan of that so much, but I just told them to concentrate more on the feet and hands, and they cater. Don't be too shy to request what you wanted the masseuse to concentrate on, but it is the best thing you can do. They have a routine that they go through, but are very willing to put more time into what you like best. This place also does facials and other skin care. I haven't tried it here, but the prices are really good. I will come back for it. Very nice and clean, relaxing atmosphere and great decor.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/18/2012,436,628,13,15,13>I'm just obsessed with you!I'm talking about you ALL HAIL KALE SALAD! yelp.com/biz_photos/L5l1…Yes, you're my fave :) all that kale with yummy papaya ginger dressing, topped with carrots, red onions, quinoa, and walnuts! I  loved it all. This is making me consider being completely vegetarian and ditch the pescatarianness. I know. I've been making some drastic changes this year. I mean, I'm even considering moving outta state, but that's a whole other story. ALL HAIL KALE!I also liked you B-WING SALAD yelp.com/biz_photos/L5l1… aka buffalo wing salad. My friend told me he is IN LOVE with Veggie Grill's buffalo wings, so when I found out they had a new salad with BWs I thought why not? I'm not much of a ranch kinda girl, but this salad was so yummy. And those chicken wings were ridiculously good. My friend didn't lie. Those wings were pretty bomb.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,8/17/2012,1170,285,16,19,18>I'm totally diggin' K'ya.My girlfriends and I decided to celebrate Rachel T.'s birthday at K'ya. Despite the minor hiccups (parking and the wait), I had an awesome evening with my two favorite girls.We ordered an array of food, and each dish certainly did it's job, one way or another.+ Lobster Macaroni & Cheese - It was bomb. That's all I can say. Get it.+ Lobster & Mushroom Risotto - The rice was a bit undercooked. It certainly wasn't the best risotto I've ever had, but the flavors were balanced and overall sufficed.- Smoked Salmon & Pesto Flatbread - The flatbread itself was soft like pita bread. There was no crisp nor was it actually what I expected it to be. + Sweet Potato Fries - Yummy. It was crispy and not a single one was soggy.+ Grilled Asparagus - Salt, pepper, and some olive oil. Made so simple that it was delicious!+ Tiramisu - Standard.+ Service - Kingsley took care of us that night and he was great-informative and friendly. + Ambience - Small, dim, loud.I really enjoyed K'ya and hope to be back soon.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/16/2012,438,367,24,26,22>When you are hungry for something spicy you will order a Fireball.  When you order a Fireball, your friends will chant Fireball...Fireball....Fireball.  When your friends chant Fireball..Fireball..Fireball.. you will blow on it to release a ball of fire.  When you blow on it to release a ball of fire, you will light the curtains on fire and burn down your house.  When you light the curtains on fire and burn down your house,  you will have to kick out some nerds and move into their dorm room.  When you kick out some nerds and move into their dorm room, you will get sued for writing a yelp review based on Revenge of the Nerds.  Don't get sued for writing a yelp review based on Revenge of the Nerds.Ok so what is this Fireball that I speak so highly of?  It's only available at this new location.  It's Spicy Capicolla, Spicy Calabrese Salame, and Provolone Cheese.  So here's the deal, first they are browning the meats just a little.  You think cooked bacon is good, try it with these two meats.  Then they are browning the Giardiniera mix as well.  The Giardiniera hot mix still stays crunchy but browning it slightly releases even more flavor.  Then they construct the sub, add some lettuce, tomato, thinly sliced red onion, pepperoncinis, and some Italian dressing and bake the sub until the outside roll is nice and crunchy.  I also had them add a little mayo to it, but that's up to you.  It's definitely hot and spicy, but in a good way.  Your mouth will be tingling with flavor, not just burning with heat.  yelp.com/biz_photos/jWzq…So there are two items on this menu that aren't on the Anaheim location Menu.  The Fireball and a Burger called the Il Pasquale.  I also gave the Il Pasquale burger a try.  It's made from their meatball mix.  Jackpot!  If you've had Cortina's Meatballs, then you know how good they are.  This is what an Italian Burger should taste like.  The juices from the Italian seasonings in the burger mix perfectly with the mayo/mustard combo on the bun to create an Italiany tasting burger.  It's topped with sharp provolone, roasted red peppers, shredded lettuce, tomato, red onions on a sesame seed kaiser roll.  Excellent Burger!  yelp.com/biz_photos/jWzq…Most of the Cortina's Sandwich Menu is the same from their other location.  BUT NO PIZZA!  You'll have to go to Anaheim for their Pizza if you want it.  They do have all their other Italian dishes like Lasagna, Ravioli and Meatballs, Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken, etc.....  I also noticed this location has Gnocchi Rosa (which I assume is a pink sauce).  I'll have to try it some other time.  Getting here may be a problem for some.  They are only open for Lunch From 10am to 3pm Monday through Friday.  Also look out for daily specials of new sandwich combinations.  I see a photo here of the Antonio Montana Special - which looks like it may be a Cuban sandwich with Pastrami?  More details to follow on that one.This is a nicely decorated location that shares the same building as the Boar's Head Warehouse, so there is plenty of parking.  Being a Boar's Head fanatic, I felt like I discovered the Holy Grail when I pulled in.  I almost expected to see their own traffic light that would turn red to allow one of those shiny red and black boar's head trucks to pull out at top speed off to save the day of some sick and dying deli.  Hello 911 - I've entered a deli without Boar's Head meats?  OK sir...hang on a Boar's Head truck has been dispatched and is already on the way..
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/15/2012,2578,509,31,40,33>Hello Newport Beach area....you guys finally have a SHABU SHABU joint thats closeby.Tabu Shabu is an "interesting" shabu shabu joint. For some reason, it seems different and gives a different vibe towards the place. Sometimes different is better.What initially attracted me to this restaurant was there 100 oz beer tube and their weekend BRUNCH. Hmm attracted towards this place because of alcohol? yah im a drinker...so what??The 100 oz beer tube looks awesome...and is worth the $$ to just stare out. Beer straight out from the tap...yum. & the weekend brunch is awesome. Now...I know whats going through your head...STEPHAN, what is WEEKEND BRUNCH? well let me tell you...for $20 you get an entree and UNLIMITED SAKE...yes you heard correctly...UNLIMITED SAKE...let me say this one more time...UNLIMITED HOUSE HOT/COLD SAKE. The cool thing about this place is that this is the only shabu place that offers ALL YOU CAN DRINK...and the best part of this deal is that its offered DURING THE DAY TIME! For some reaosn...day drinking is just so much better and "funner" in my opinion...and your so close to the beach...a meal plus some booze...great way to start your afternoon off by the Newport Area.Going on to the food:-the sauce: sauces were very guud, the goma in particular was awesome as well too. This is the 2nd shabu shabu joint where I will ever ENJOY the goma. so congratz to you guys for that-the soup base: YOU GET TO CHOOSE 3 DIFFERENT STYLES! for the same price! Go for the spicy miso! and yes...it taste guud too-the meat: I chose the kobe...the meat is the only downside to it. The layout of the meat looked um.... interesting? I also wished there were more pieces given...but for $20 for the entree and booze...Im def. not complaining-vegetable plate...guud portion...all the typical vegetables...perhaps could do a lil work on organizing the plate? -rice: another joint with unlimited refills on rice! brown rice is also served here as well!-condiments: awesome...cool looking containers...fresh...and actual FRESH CUT GARLIC...instead of that pastey stuffCustomer Service is also very awesome here as well too. Its also funny to see servers TRY to fill beer up...especially when they dont know what there doing.Also had a chance to meet the owner of Tabu. Real cool and chill guy. Its always nice to have a owner who will interact with their customers instead of always looking serious and acting as if he was the BOSS-man.My tip to you guys:-FIND A DD FOR WEEEKEND BRUNCH!Overall...very enjoyable experience...def. the most drunk Ive ever been at brunch. Will definitely come back again...let me correct myself...I will probably cab here and back again. IF YOU LIKE TO DRINK..and your looking for a place that does a CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH type of deal...and love shabu...THIS IS YOUR PLACE!keep up the good work JeffUNTIL THEN!! ^-^
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,8/14/2012,474,495,33,36,36>The wife and I have been hearing about Bruxie forever and a location finally opened within reasonable driving distance, so after walking Chief around Rancho Santa Margarita Lake, we decided to stop into Bruxie's for dinner.For those not familiar with this restaurant chain, everything with the exception of the drinks, are served inside Belgian style waffles.  It is an unique and rather popular concept, so expect a line at most locations on any given night (the Round Table Pizza next door was sadly empty).The place was crowded (a good sign) and we waited for a table to open in the outside area (for some reason the health department doesn't appreciate 110 lbs. Alaskan Malamutes wandering around the inside of restaurants ... go figure).  So my wife grabbed a menu and we quickly decided on Buttermilk Fried Chicken & Waffle and the Bruxie Burger, we split an order of Waffle fries, I ordered Strawberry Lemonade and my wife ordered a Belgian Chocolate Custard Milk Shake.We were going to swap back and forth on the sandwiches, but my wife quickly informed me she favored the burger far more than the fried chicken (I have a feeling the chili honey might have been partly to blame), so I gladly finished the chicken and she finished the burger.  One note for the Fried Chicken Sandwich:  I would probably spend the extra $1 and get the Vermont Maple Syrup next time.  The fries were pretty good, but the portion was a little small, thankfully you get a discount when they are ordered with a sandwich.  The Strawberry Lemonade was good, but it could have used some real strawberries in it.  The real star was the Belgian Chocolate Custard Milkshake ... OMG!  Talk about chocolate caloric overload!  It was thick and rich my wife and I couldn't finish it together and it was only a 16 oz cup (maybe 20 oz. tops).  I can remember few if any places I have had a better milkshake period.  I don't know if it was the custard or the Belgian chocolate, but it was sweet, decadent and fulfilling.The meal itself was just over $26 and Chief was able to sample a piece here and there giving it his paw of approval.  There is no doubt we will be back to this location in the future.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,8/13/2012,602,230,37,48,42>My natto buddy who also happens to be my ramen buddy noticed a new ramenya opening in the local area.  So, what do two ramenaholics do?  Try them the next day! I was expecting the worst due to the rating so far.  Note to self, NEVER, judge a book by it's cover!Left the ordering of the appetizer to my buddy and she did not disappoint!     Karaage 10 pcs yelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO… - $8.95I have to admit i've had better, but this is close, very close to perfection.  Tonkotsu Red yelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO… - $10.95 the plating was superb! The bowl is just beautiful, the placement of the meat and the two large rectangular pieces of nori just complimented the bowl.  It is red since I wanted an 8 out of 10.  Not spicy enough for me, so next time, 10, it is!  This bowl has made me a "regular" here now. Soon, they will know me and I will order my usual... My friend's Tonkotsu Black was served with the thin white noodles, not mine!  The all too familiar and lovely egg, curly noodles in my bowl was such a welcome sight! Don't forget to ask for the free garlic with the garlic press to top off your ramen! Egg yelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO…To be eaten with the ramen.  Served seperately, which I truly appreciate.  The egg was soft boiled to perfection!  The table was a work of art created with the delicious food! Quite impressed with the menu as they have various styles of ramen, Yokohama, Hakata, Kyoto and Sapporo. So many toppings, combos, dumplings, karaage, buffalo wings, tapas, bowls, curry, fried rice, dessert and they even serve beer, sake, lycheetini, white and red wines!  They also serve soft drinks, tea, water and ramune! Interior yelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO…yelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO…Entrance and waiting areayelp.com/biz_photos/5_sO…Service - 5 Stars - Very attentive and friendly!Food - 5 Stars! -  the Tonkotsu Red was very flavorful, coming from a noodle person and not a broth person, this is huge!  Ambiance - 5 Stars - Very well decorated as you probably saw from my pics above. Warm and cozy... I have not been this excited about a new ramenya in quite some time... I'll be back...
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2012,8/12/2012,196,110,14,16,16>Pretty good so far!  Ordered a pad see ew beef and chicken curry for takeout.  When I went to pick you my stuff just before 7pm, there were a good amount of people in the restaurant.  A non-empty restaurant is always a good sign.  Took my goodies home.  Here's my take: Pad see ew:  very flavorful, but not overly soy or salty.  The beef in it was a little chewy, as other yelpers had pointed out.  There is really no need to eat the beef, it kind of ruins it.  If it weren't for the beef, it would be a five star dish.  Because of the beef, I'd give it 3.5.  I will try it next time with chicken and hope for a less jaw exercising experience.  Chicken curry:  The sauce is very thin and watery, however, don't let that fool you.  It is delicious!  The flavors tend to come out after you put that bite into your mouth and chew a couple of times.  The potatoes could have been a little softer, not easy to cut with a fork.  However, that did not deter me from enjoying the dish.  You can request your level of spiciness.  I asked for medium, which the lady said was #4.  It was perfect for my liking.  The price is average, $20 for the two dishes.  I have paid more at some places and less at others.  I'm only giving it three stars because even though it's tasty, it still falls a little short to my favorite places, Thai Corner, and Thai Garden.Next time I'll try the pad thai and crying tiger.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,8/11/2012,587,377,22,31,29>A hidden Gem in Costa Mesa!I ended up there because I got lost (for a change!) and found this little place (looks smaller from outside) in a kinda rundown strip mall. The store is a bit messy but you can tell that is 100% authentic (disclaimer I'm not Russian, never have been there, but!!! must of the customers speak and order their food in Russian )They have great sandwiches, I tried the Odesa and Moscowsky both huge and delicious!!1/2 of sandwich is enough for a light lunch (preventing food coma) I want to try all of them :) yelp.com/biz_photos/A2ap…They also have other traditional foods ready to go, the names? forgive me but they are way too complicated. Thank god the ladies over there were nice and explained me what was on each of the foods. I got something like a cheese blitz (delicious) and some cabbage wraps (similar to the Polish Golumpki).yelp.com/biz_photos/A2ap…Also got delicious chocolates  yelp.com/biz_photos/A2ap…I'm definetely coming back to try the desserts, beers and other delicacies offeredand of course to get some Russian beer, they have a wide variety :):) yelp.com/biz_photos/A2ap…Great place, highly recommend! My only suggestion: please extend their business hours! so I can go more often during the week :)
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/10/2012,978,311,27,28,24>Hello Gorgeous! I was greeted this way on the phone, and I believe that for a brief and fleeting moment I was transformed to one of my favorite movies of all time "Funny Girl".  I heard Barbara, and I saw an Oscar ... we were off to a good start.  As a proud Cat-Jew, obviously Barbara and I have a special kinship.  I frequently brush the bangs off someones head and say "your girl is lovely, Hubbel".  Totally appropriate in an office environment ... In a more current reference, I am clearly a "Katie" girl befitting of my first name.  (SATC, for those who don't know).  I am fairly certain my mother named me after Katie from "The Way we Were" because, although "Funny Girl" is a better movie, Fanny just didn't suit.But, I digress.  I have recently broken up with my last blow out salon, as I am hungry and addicted to all things hair.  I have been searching for alternatives, and I really like people saying "Hello Gorgeous".  The decor is in keeping with traditional blow out lounges, nice and neat.  They have booze and coffee flowing, and the service is on-point.  I have received a few services, and I like how they can do a "night look" complete with makeup for a extra few scheckles.  I am really looking forward to doing some hippie chic look that all the young ladies are sporting.  I really enjoy how the start each blow out with an aromatherapy head massage.  Hello Gorgeous, indeed!  I am feeling pampered already.  They really take their time with the shampoo and they blow outs are well-scheduled.  Besides the services being unrushed and the stylists being skilled, their on-staff management is excellent.  I have chatted with the owner, Monica, and the receptionists are knowledgeable and are extremely helpful.  Only downside is that I am not super wild about the Color Proof line.  It seems too natural for it's own good.  All I need to hold up my hair is Aqua Net and prayer .. the higher the hair, the closer to God.This is the time, gorgeous, to check this place out.  There is good parking and you can still get an appointment.  I won't guarantee this for long.  This place is about to pop off, I can just feel it.  We can only hope that it maintains it's Streisand level of awesomeness befitting of it's tag-line.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/9/2012,396,117,30,23,24>I gave up coffee to save my hair (my mother told me my excessive coffee drinking is making my hair fall out !). It's been about a month since I touch Vietnamese coffee.  I thought Dang! This stuff must be good if my GF said  "I took my first sip your face was the first thing that came through my mind". I thought to myself 'maybe it's time to treat myself to one cup since I haven't devoured 3-4 cup a day the last month or so'. So off I go to 7 Leaves after her texting me the location. I took my first sip, my mind went to HEAVEN and Ohhhhh Emmmmm Geeee good! I chug my entire cup down in a quickness (I am a heavy coffee drinker; their portion is actually very generous contrary to previous reviews said). My GF laughed at me; and my plan of saving my hair out the window! (I am praying my mother lied LOL). I've tried their Mung Bean drink, it's not the best Mung Bean I've tried but it's pretty good. I love their tea; I imagine it to be VERY refreshing on a hot summer day (thank goodness we live in southern CA, we only have 1 season and it's summer; which mean you can enjoy this EVERYday!)This place got me good! Today is the third day since my first sip; I already qualified for a free drink according to their stamp card  -_-Thao baby: 'you're so darn lucky you live within walking distance from 7 Leaves, I'm so jelly' 7 Leaves "If you guys plan to expand, please consider South Coast Plaza (near my work and I just made a lot of people at my work jealous today; which means there's a lot of business opportunity) and Ladera Ranch (where I live)"Oh this is quite embarrassing to admit; I would order 5 cups of their house special coffee and leave it in my freezer. If I want it before I leave to work, I'd defrost it in the fridge night before. Whatever, don't judge me. FYI: Cash only. Ohhh put your car and driving skills on 'Bolsa' mode
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,12/11/2011,939,379,17,19,19>My girlfriend loves meat and I thought this was a great place to treat her for her birthday dinner. The Capital Grille is yet another additional to South Coast Plaza. It's great because you can shop, work up an appetite, and then sit down for some meat loving fun afterwards. The décor is very "old money." Imagine an old school gentlemen's club where men smoked cigars, drank scotch, and discussed politics and manly stuff. Conservative is the word. So, we were taken to our table and I immediately saw confetti and a birthday card addressed to my friend. I thought it was a very nice touch. It's simple, it's cheap, and it makes a girl feel special. In addition to the confetti celebration we were also given complimentary champagne. Awesome right? On to the food. We were all convinced to try the Porcini rubbed Delmonico with 12 year aged Balsamic cooked medium rare. The steak was huge and cooked perfectly. The meat was tender and juicy. The Balsamic gave the meat a bit of sweetness and the porcini gave an earthy tone. Great steak but I thought it was overly charred/crusty. Too much carcinogen makes me uneasy. We also ordered a side of lobster mac and cheese. The chunks of lobster were sweet and delicious and I wish there were more of it! The mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy. Heavy but hey, it's mac and cheese. You can't say no to mac and cheese! We all had a lovely meal paired with great service. I would go back if I'm feigning for meat.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2011,12/10/2011,103,525,18,19,17>I was excited to try Elbows after my friends told me it was more than just Mac & Cheese. I ordered the small Cajun Mac and a small BBQ Chicken Mac for V.R. I also got a kids meal that included a small juice, regular mac & cheese, cookies and veggies. The food smelled delicious and tasted great too. Elbows would have earned 5 stars if it wasn't so tremendously rich. After eating half, I was no longer in the mood for mac & cheese, or any food for that matter. I wish they served sides of their creations, I think that a salad with a side serving of mac & cheese would have been perfect. For hours after eating there I felt like my tongue was rubbed with a stick of butter. I drank 2 full bottles of water and started to feel like myself again. All and all it is worth a try, because it is delicious, but I would split a small size with a friend and get a salad.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,12/9/2011,280,248,14,16,18>Chris and I decided to skip the family gathering and the sitting around all day doing nothing to going out - just the two of us and being treated like royalty.We dressed up in our Sunday-go-to-meetin clothes and headed out for Mr. Stox.  I love the mega carved wood work and the cozy club house feel this place invites.  We usually do our anniversaries and birthdays here but this is the first Thanksgiving that we spent with them and let me tell you...they do spoil you and man was my meal delicious!!Chris had the Turkey dinner but I opted for the Prime Rib of Beef.Our meal was a four course - first we started with cocktails and pumpkin bisque soup and sunflower seed bread.  This soup usually comes with shrimp but since I don't like shrimp...they made mine without.  I was amazed at the creamy smooth blend of this tasty soup, I think I like it better then tomato bisque soup.  Next they served a garden salad with pumpkin seeds, pomegranate seeds and a sweet vinaigrette dressing.  On the side of the plate was a deep fried goat cheese cake that matched perfectly with the rest of the salad.  Each course was served promptly and empty dishes were swept away before we even realize it.  The server was spectacular.  I am sorry I didn't get her name since we shredded the receipt before I could check but she had short blonde/gray hair and has been there for about 15 years.  I appreciate her knowledge and charm.  She brought us out pumpkin martinis (which were not on the menu) that was soooooo delicious that I could have just had about 4 or 5 of those for dinner and been happy.  They top this drink with eggnog and spices and it is really good.  My entree was the Prime Rib of Beef with a side of potatoes, carrot and beans.  The horseradish was whipped with what tasted like salted butter and was so delicious that I packed it on my prime rib and sucked it all down!  the prime rib melted in your mouth and was rich with flavors.  I have to admit that this is probably the best I have ever had.After dinner, you have a choice of pie - and I chose deep dish pumpkin pie.  I was so stuffed that I didn't think I was going to be able to finish it all - but trouper that I am, I finished it and hobbled out to the valet to retrieve our car so I could go home and nap it all off!  Hmmmm.............what a nice Thanksgiving meal.  Treated like a queen and I didn't have to lift a finger to help....best of all.....no dishes!  I'm in again for next year!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,12/8/2011,699,296,24,19,22>While driving to Jon's, I realized my belly button was eating my back bone. I always wanted to give this shanty a try, so, with a crazed and ravenous look in my eye, I waltzed in with all the swag I could muster.They had a sign written up that said four tacos and a small drink for $5 and change. SOLD! I ordered pastor, lengua, carnitas, and asada with a nice horchata on the side. I should have anticipated that small actually meant small and upgraded because I drink like it's going out of style. "Cosmo" said somethin' or other, but I ain't down with that.In the five minutes I waited and watched Telemundo, I absentmindedly sucked my horchata down, but was too lazy to get another drink. She brought out my tacos and I scarfed them all down. The only one that didn't really impress me was the asada, but the rest were dank. I want to come back and try the rest of tacos because, like Pokemon cards, I gotta catch 'em all. I already had the Lickitung taco, so it's time to make like Munchlax and eat everything they have. Yeah, I did just make that analogy. It's like an invisible chastity belt.--------------------------------------------------­---So I just went back and I upgraded my horchata size to mas grande. There was salsa casera in a giant molcajete. I ate the tacos de suadero, buche, cabeza, and tripa today. Mmmmm... BRAAAAAINNNNSSSSS
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,12/7/2011,1170,285,21,29,26>Oh Lola, you never cease to impress me.Oh how overjoyed I was to see Lola Gaspar's Fall 2011 menu! The menu consisted of some new items and some old items that were offered on their June/Summer 2011 menu.So we came here Friday night at around 10 p.m. We were able to score a booth indoors which I was uber glad about since the last time I was here, I chose outdoor seating (which isn't bad by any means, but I want to get the full experience dining indoors and outdoors).+ Beef Cheek al Pastor Tacos - Wow! Could it be? Is this one of the best tacos I've ever tasted? I think so! Dripping with juicy goodness and full of awesome flavor with a slight habenero kick. The tortilla was slightly crispy and soft which held the juices pretty damn well. The plate comes with three small tacos so don't expect to get full off of these...unless you order two plates!+ Handmade Autumn Raviolo - Say what?! Sweet potato and short rib filling, grated reggiano, and truffle oil? I couldn't decide whether this was my fav or or the tacos. It comes with one whole raviolo (is that singular for ravioli?). Of that one large piece, you can actually get four pieces so don't be fooled. The sweetness of the potato, savoriness of the short rib, creaminess of the reggiano, and pungent mushroom flavor of the truffle oil was a marriage made in heaven. I devoured that as quick as it came.+ Flatbread Pistou - It's not the best flatbread I've ever had (my fav is from Seasons 52), but it was still delicious! It is adorned with a layer of provencal pesto, roasted swiss chard, fresno chile, shaved reggiano, and duck prosciutto. Duck prosciutto is optional; it's an additional $2 to add. Caution: Be careful with the fresno chile!! Those suckers are spicy and hidden amongst the swiss chard.+ Raspberry Lemon Bread Pudding - The tartness of the raspberry and citrus from the lemon was an interesting combination, but it's the creme and fruit reduction that balances everything out! The bread pudding was warm and made me feel like I was eating in a grandmama's kitchen.+ The Lolita - Suaza blanco tequila, fresh muddled raspberry, house sour, smoked chile salt rim. Now, close your eyes. Yea..........it was that good. +/- Service - Coincidently, this is the same server that I had the last time I was here. Unfortunately he was not as great this time around since he was more attentive to the table behind us (they had reservations). However, there was another server that made sure our glasses were full, made small talk with us, and was absolutely friendly!+ Ambience/Aesthetic - Dark and dungeness. I love it. There's one large bar area with approximately 8-12 tables/booths surrounding it. The bartender was kinda hot. Yea I looked. :) This is a true gem for Santa Ana. I'm soooo hooked! I'll definitely be back time and time again.Lola, you always make mama so proud!!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,12/6/2011,4561,468,37,33,35>Free samples are good...6 free samples are great!Walking around the Cerritos Mall, I found that Teavana finally opened up for business.  My sister-in-law raves about their teas, especially the Samurai Chai Mate.  Having never been to a Teavana store before, I welcomed the opportunity to browse around.  First thing I see? 2 sample stations - 1 with Samurai Chai Mate & other 1 with a Peach tea.  The Samurai is definitely a winner.  It has a nice flavor, and is also kinda sweet.  I read the tag, and it said it's lightly sweetened with rock sugar.  I usually prefer tea w/o sugar, but it's free.  No complaints.A few steps over and there are more teas to sample.  1 was a green tea, which I was told was one of their rare teas, and some other tea that escapes me.  Man, I'm loving this place.Over in the back of the store, with all the loose leaf teas organized on the shelf, there were 2 more sample stations with cold teas.  Both were quite refreshing & appealing to the taste buds.  Of course, I had to partake of the free samples again just to make a mental note of the different teas (wink wink)There are various tea sets, tea pots & Teavana PerfecTea makers on sale.  Some are quite charming and would make great gift ideas. I'm a tea drinker, moreso than coffee.  Coffee is too bitter & can give me a tummyache.  Tea is awesome.  I usually go for the spiciness of chai, but I also enjoy a soothing cup of green, rooibos and mate tea.  It's nice to add another sample stop whenever I head to my local mall.  Heck, I might even buy something next time.Maybe....
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,12/5/2011,602,230,23,32,25>Friday night at 6 pm, eleven friends decided to get together and dine on Peruvian cuisine...My husband and I were the first to arrive.  After entering the front door, on the right right is a curio cabinet with rather courious items on the top shelf.  I being 4'11" was presented with a most interesting angle of the items. Hmmm...Their bar area is quite nice with several high tables with three chairs to each table - an interesting number of chairs. Very warm woods were used in the decor and decorative items.  I ordered a glass of the Chilean chard at $2.50 a glass and my husband ordered the Stella Artois for $2.00.  Needless to say great HH prices! I must say the service was quite slow.  Since we had such a large group, I wanted to pay for my drinks separately from the rest of the group who do not partake in libations. It took approximately 15 minutes to have someone take my card and come back with the printout.  After much catching up and scouring the menu, I finally decided on the Tallarin Saltado yelp.com/biz_photos/_hwN… and my husband ordered the paella yelp.com/biz_photos/_hwN… (Arroz con Mariscos)While we waited for our entrees, the waiter brought to our table some of the most sinful bread!  I am not normally a bread person, as I would rather consume pasta.  However, I must say that the bread with the rocoto sauce is to die for... I consumed much more than I should have... I cannot imagine how much more I would have consumed had I been a breadaholic! The Tallarin Saltado was perfection.  The pasta was perfectly cooked and the beef was soft and very flavorfull!  Flavors all worked well together. This is the best Pasta Saltado to date.  And yes, it is one of those dishes I try at EVERY Peruvian restaurants.  It is a pasta dish and I have to try it!  My husband's paella was great. Rice was cooked well and once again the flavors worked well together! Rocoto sauce = spicy - Yes... we used plenty of it My friends all enjoyed their meals and thankfull for take out boxes.  The portions were huge and make a great breakfast the next day! Food - 5 StarsService - 2 StarsAmbiance - 4 Stars
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,12/4/2011,438,367,11,16,15>I dare a rotisserie chicken to be more flavorful than this one.  In a day, when every grocery store and wanna be market has rotisserie chicken, Peruvian Rotisserie Chicken takes it to a whole new level.  Coated in so many spices that the skin looks black with seasonings, you would think that it would overpower the actual chicken.  Not so.  The chicken itself has a nice smokey flavor, that you would expect out of a top notch BBQ joint.The chicken was  served with some very flavorful but mild green aji dipping sauce.  You'll enjoy just dipping the meat in the sauce.  Want to take it up a notch, try their red rocoto sauce for some extra spice.  These two dipping sauces are so good, you'll be looking for anything to dip in them.  I recommend getting some garlic potatoes as one of your sides, because they seemed to go well with the sauce as well.  For my 2nd side, I got the black beans.  Now I come from Florida, so I'm used to great tasting Cuban black beans.  These held up very well to my standards and like their Cuban counter part, was presented as more of a black bean soup.  The only thing I would suggest would be to ask for it in a side container as the "soup" from the black beans got all over the plate and made the chicken a little soggy.  That said, the flavor of the black beans mixing with the spices from the chicken was wonderful, even if it turned my plate into a purple mess.Outside Peruvian Rotisserie Chicken is a sign that says, "Best Lomo Saltado in Orange County."  Hmm, that's a big statement since Casa Inka is only a few miles away and has the best Lomo Saltado that I've had.  Since, it's my wife's favorite Peruvian dish, she decided to take on their challenge.  And while we both decided we liked Casa Inka a little better, it wasn't by much.  In fact it's close to even and that's a compliment, because this is the first Peruvian place we've been to that the Lomo Saltado is even in the same ball park.  Both are very flavorful.  The steak, tender.  The sauteed onions and tomatoes perfectly picking up the savory sauce.   The only difference between the two is the french fries.  Somehow at Casa Inka, their fries stay crispy while in the wok.  Peruvian Rotisserie Chicken's fries got just a little soggy.  But we are really getting picky here and it's an excellent Lomo Saltado that you will thoroughly enjoy.Even though this is an order at the counter type of place, the menu has pretty much everything that you would expect at any Peruvian restaurant.  But the advantage here is that the have different priced family sized meals, just like you might get at a El Pollo Loco, where the more you order, the more reasonable it is.  I also noticed a chalk board with some good sounding daily specials.  Everyone was very friendly and I look forward to going back soon.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,12/3/2011,733,86,23,29,32>Just as in nature, a pearl is cultivated with patience and time.  As the name suggests, Vietnam's Pearl is truly a hidden jewel on the outskirts of South Coast Plaza, which offers many dining options already.  the family of VP has been cooking up meals since 1978. that's three decades of family secrets being cultivated through the years and perfection achieved.  the LEMONGRASS BEEF VERMICELLI was awesome!! you can tell that the lemongrass came from a fresh sprig that was finely chopped and marinated with the seasoned beef.  the presentation was a cornucopia of colors.  the beef was so well seasoned that i hardly needed the fish sauce that was provided with the dish.  since the beef was sauteed w/ onions, the wetness of this combination made the vermicelli a bit soggy, but it's a compromise i'm willing to make since i truly enjoyed the flavor of the beef.the pickled carrot and daikon are very fresh and is not too sour, either.  the eggroll earned poor ratings from my lunch buddy & i.  we are accustomed to the "meaty" eggrolls from Little Saigon.  the one provided was 1/2 meat & 1/2 veggie, and the combination was just ok.service was excellent!  the gentlemen made great suggestions, checked on us often, and was cheery during our lunch visit.  it's authentic vietnamese food w/ trendy decor, and great service.  that combination is hard to find, and we're quite lucky that VP offers all of that.  not only do you not have to fight the hustle of Little Saigon & all of its inhabitants w/ poor driving skills, this place is truly worth a visit for its amazing food.  and parking is a breeze.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,12/1/2011,816,484,20,22,25>We all live in a yellow submarine!Came here for a special event Photographers Night!  They do this every year from what I understand.  So my review is about the event more than the aquarium.I'm what you would call beginner/intermediate or point/shoot photographer.  I did take photo back in HS eons ago and think I have a good eye.  I took a class a few years ago when film was still being used and still have my old SLR.  I recently purchased a DSLR Canon Rebel T3 after many years of just caring a Panasonic Lumix which I really luv!  I wanted to get more time playing with my camera and saw this event come up on Yelp so I jumped on it.  This was my first time coming here to the aquarium.  The event was in the evening after the aquarium was closed from 6 - 10pm and was open for roughly 200 people.  This allowed for more room and time to capture the pic you want.  They also had the lights dimmed down to minimize the glare.We all had to take a short orientation going through the schedule that included workshops on Macro aquarium photo, Underwater and getting time with the Nikon training specialist.  Nikon, Canon and Sony had tables there with loaners to give everyone attending to try different camera's and lenses.  After getting what you wanted it was time to go out and shoot. I took some good pic and a lot of bad ones LOL.  I really need to get into a class again!Out of the 26 pic posted here is a few that I liked personally:Funky yellow fish yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Jelly fish  yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Seadragon  yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Lion fish yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Seahorse yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Starfish yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Nemo yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…Ray yelp.com/biz_photos/4TOm…
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,6/2/2011,1027,405,13,18,16>I'm always up for breakfast food, when I can get it, and this place makes it worthwhile to get up early.  Although, I didn't get up early this time, actually had more like a lunch for breakfast, this place does open until 3 PM. It's located in the Stein Mart plaza tucked away in the corner (sign says Ohana Cafe), and is right next to a teriyaki place.  It's in the southwest corner of Beach and Garfield.  The food here is fresh and fantastic.  I ordered the Tropical Special where you get 2 eggs, hash browns, 2 sausage patties or bacon strips, and 2 "huge" french toast pieces.  When I say huge, it is really big, so either come with a buddy to give them the other piece or take it to go.  My eating partner, Joe S., got the California Omelet, which came with avocado, cheese, and bacon along with toast.  Everything was piping hot when the food came out.  The eggs were airy and cooked just the way I like it.  It wasn't greasy at all.  The hash browns were crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  The sausage patties were great where you can't see the oil accumulating on the plate...I'd rather not see it than see it.  The french toast, they use Hawaiian bread, was amazing.  With the butter and the super yummy syrup they use, it was so good!  I knew it can't be healthy, but it was one of the best french toasts I've ever had.  The omelet was awesome.  A generous portion that definitely hit the spot.  They do not skimp on ingredients here.  Even the toast was "over toasted," where it's a little hard, just the way I like it and grew up with.  They have plenty of jams on the table and the waitress and busboy, were very hospitable and friendly.  She kept on checking in with us, which I liked.  This establishment is decorated with a very Hawaiian feel, tiki hut vibe.  It's really cute.  There's also surfboards, and motorcycle pictures, along with lots of pictures along the walls.  There's plenty of outdoor seating as well, perfect for a summer day under the shade.  The Bread Crumb, with such a creative name, what's not to like?  Definitely worth a trip.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,6/1/2011,769,374,24,22,22>We put the "bar" in "sushi bar". That should be the tag line here cuz on my last visit where I basically walked out after waiting an hour (8:30-9:30) because several customers decided to lounge out here to drink and b.s. at the "sushi" bar (the waitress told me they were done eating, and just drinking). That's perfectly alright if nobody is waiting because I've done it on several occasions here and definitely several other places, but when there's numerous people waiting for a an eff'n table/sushi bar (completely packed). I close out my tab, and head to a eff'n bar instead. So how about some mother eff'n common courtesy from all you biaatches, but I doubt that's possible because these are the douchebags that need to be regulated (regulators mount up!) because they don't know how to do the right thing such as in the real estate industry - come on greed, hell no, we're all about getting people a home they can('t) afford, and not just a fat commission on a loan that pays out higher even though they qualified at a lower rate. What??, you can rely on big companies because they'll also regulate themselves and not pollute water systems or farm lands because when it comes to the bottom line, people are more important than profit.....  yea, the same d'bag mentality  that helped us get into this economic mess we're in, were the same d'bags sitting at the sushi bar and the 4 top. They just sat an drank while everybody just sat and waited cuz they're entitled to that table cuz they're paying customers which is justified, just like how Wall Street deserves multi-million dollar bonus checks for a job well done (well "yes" and "no").Why whine like a little b*tch? It's because the same policy/sign that say's (not specifically this one, but at restaurants in general) "we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone", "gratuity included on parties more than six or more people", "we can't seat you until your entire party is here", "credit card only on orders of $20 or more" is the prerogative of the management. It's also totally up to the management here to kindly and reasonably ask diners who are done eating to get up and let others sit down because after all the sushi bar isn't a "bar" because you can't rely on d'bags to do the right thing..........now, I need an eff'n drink.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,5/30/2011,412,769,30,34,31>My wife and I met up with Chad A., Steven N and friends at Peking Gourmet just to find it closed on Tuesdays even though their web page or yelp profile mentions nothing of this. Chad said "Let's go to Young Pung". WTF is young pung I thought? After a brief caravan and a few missed turns we end up in this tiny packed strip mall. The signage for this place just says "CHINESE FOOD" and it looked very uninviting from the outside. We walk inside and if there was a jukebox playing it would of came to a screeching halt as every eye in the place turned to us in bewilderment. I was expecting to hear "You lost!" but instead we were seated in the only large booth in the tiny restaurant which was good luck for us. Turned out the staff was extremely friendly and handled our group of six perfectly with efficient service and quick arriving food. For the six of us we ordered 5 dishes. Each dish had enough in it for all of us to get a nice helping. Everybody at the table was stuffed and the entire meal cost us $11.50 a piece and that's including tip. Free kimchi - This kimchi was basically raw green cabbage tossed with hot chili paste. It wasn't pickled or fermented, just raw but I couldn't get enough of it. It was crunchy and spicy. Most of the table doesn't eat kimchi so I think I had a bowl by myself. I'll take this over fried chow mien noodles any day! Shrimp Fried Rice - Loaded with shrimp and it was pretty tasty. Standard fried rice, nothing special. Mandarin Chow Mien - The noodles were very flat, seemed like a rice noodle. It was loaded with beef, chicken, shrimp, and veggies. It was OK. Garlic Chicken - You could smell the garlic before the lady even sat the dish on our table. LOADED with garlic. The meat was very tender with zero gristle, very good quality. I believe it had mushrooms tossed in. Make sure you like garlic. Korean Style Sweet and Sour Pork - The waitress asked if we wanted American Style or Korean style... she made sure we knew Korean was better. Oh man was she right. Best S&S pork I've ever had. The pork itself was coated in crunchy batter and the meat was tender and fat free. The sauce was clear instead of the dark red sauce but tasted pretty much the same. Instead of green bell peppers and pineapple this plate was full of exotic looking mushrooms, tiny slices of zucchini (or cucumber, hard to tell), carrots, water chestnuts, and other stuff. Pretty much everybody at the table thought it was the best dish. Hot Braised Beef - Holy shyte was this awesome. This was personally my favorite dish. Very tiny slices of tender beef was braised in a fiery hot yet sweet sauce. It was enough heat to make you sweat and flavorful enough to keep you craving more. I'd come back for this dish alone. Great place! I've been wanting to find a good Chinese restaurant close to my house and I think I've finally found one! **Closed Wednesdays**  I didn't notice if they accept credit cards or not.  Place was packed to the brim the entire time.  By the time we finished there was a bunch of people waiting.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,5/29/2011,859,701,14,19,16>My favorite restaurant of 2011 as of this moment. Last year's favorite restaurant was Bandar of San Diego, CA. I made my first visit to ECCO yesterday with Anita L, Dan H and Holly W. The restaurant is located in the CAMP, home to Native Foods and East Borough. I got in earlier than the 1pm reservation and was helped right away and given a copy of the lunch special. $15 for two courses. For the first course, there was a choice of salad, calamari fries or minestrone soup. The second course gave a choice of Margherita pizza, linguini with salmon or a chicken piccata dish.I decided to go for the salad and the linguini with salmon. The salad was very tasty and included greens, tomatoes, cheese, red onions and sliced jalapenos. The linguini with salmon tasted creamy with the linguini cooked to perfection. I had been eyeing the espresso drinks section of the menu prior to my lunch companions' arrival and ordered a latte. Italian places like these tend to be excellent at espresso drinks. The latte was perfection. Our waiter, Eric, had made the latte in addition to being the bartender and waiting on us. The staff was exceptionally accommodating when Holly and Anita ran into problems. The chef, Kris, came out to talk to us and make sure all was well. They made sure everything was fantastic. I am going to be recommending this fine Italian establishment to friends and family. You've got to try their pizza. Dan H's proscuitto pizza was impressive.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,5/28/2011,940,332,27,28,30>When Sweet meets Savory, you get 85C!I decided to make an impromptu stop here with Lucy Y, Craig R, & Trisha B, while we waited for a table at the Balcony directly upstairs.  The line was long, but Craig R and Lucy Y were determined to sample some of the bakery's favorites! Luckily, the efficient staff had the frenetic line moving along at a rapid pace and before we knew it, we found ourselves with tongs and trays in hand!The looks on Craig R and Lucy Y's faces were priceless. They were grinning from ear to ear and like kids in a candy store, their eyes gleamed with amazement at the enticing bakery selections before them!  We nabbed all sorts of tasty baked treasures, sweet and savory alike! As we waited in line to purchase the treats, a staff member bagged each item individually in nifty 85C labeled plastic bags.  I ordered the Sea Salt Coffee with my bakery selections and I must say, it was phenomenal! Served cold, It had just the right amount of salt to bring out the sweet flavors of the aromatic coffee!  It was the perfect accompaniment to the blueberry cream cheese  "Berrytales" bun I sampled from Lucy Y! The bun was filled with a tangy blueberry preserve & smooth cream cheese and the bun was sweet and fluffy like Hawaiian bread! I also sampled Kim R's White Chocolate Strawberry dessert and wow, it was literally sweet decadence in a cup! The next morning, I tried the Pork Sung Roll and it was fantastic! The cake was comprised of two fluffy layers of sponge cake with fresh whipped cream sandwiched in between. Topped with tasty dried pork, It was a very interesting yet successful combination of sweet and savory flavors! I can't wait to come back to sample some of their other treats like the popular taro bread and eye popping desserts that we were frantically  flashing food porn pics of, while waiting for our coffees :)After tonight's experience, I must admit that 85C Bakery truly lives up to its well deserved hype!Happy Eats!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,5/27/2011,468,276,19,21,19>A weekend full of consuming fatty food left me feeling a little disatisfied in the tummy and guilty in the insula. I've been feeling like an alligator bit down on my digestive tract and made an unrelenting death roll rendering me helpless in my bed. Well, not that bad but I did feel a wee bit under the weather. Later on that day, I felt a little better. "I want some soup..." says I whilst I pace around the house like a restless inmate. You don't know me well enough, but I WILL be the old man you can't keep still at the retirement home. "I've been meaning to try Thai Princess Restaurant (TPR), I think I'll do that." It was nearing closing time and I was the last minute customer in costco sweat pants people laugh at upon arrival. I was led to a booth and I said, "No thanks, I'd like to order something to go."  An older lady shows me the menu and asks, Lady: Have you been here before?Me: No ma'am.Lady: Anything in particular?Me: I'd like some soup please.Lady: Sure, you'll find it in this section.Me: Hrmm... I'd like the Tom Yum Kai please.Lady: Without the coconut right?Me: Yes ma'am, thank you for the confirmation.Lady: Small or large order? This is a small.Me: Yikes! I'll take the small order.She then takes my order and then informs me of the specials they have like;-If you spend more than $20, you get free Thai Iced tea.-If you spend more than $30, one entree is free.-If you spen more than $50, one meal is free.I thought to myself, I think I'll make a return visit to try this establishment out. Hell, they got a "People love us on Yelp" so I'm sure this is challenge worthy. She returns to me shortly after my soup is prepared. She asks, Lady: Are you familiar with Thai food?Me: Kind of. Why do you ask?Lady: If you like to eat rice with the soup, take this fish sauce with you. It has numerous spices and I'm sure you'll like it. Me: Wow! Thanks! She had also provided me with other ways to enhance my Thai food experience. I was impressed with the service. In our conversation, I also discovered that they have been in business for 11 years. It is indicative to me of a loyal following, good authentic food and good rapport with customers. The soup was delicious. With the quantity I was given, I finished it in one sitting. I reckon I will return...
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,5/26/2011,340,156,10,15,10>The bf and I dropped by this past Friday night.  I was pleasantly surprised at the spaciousness and how we were able to stroll in and score a table without any wait. We started off with the Moscow Mule which was a copper filled mug of gingery deliciousness.  For dinner eats, we ordered the following:Smoked Salmon TacosAbsolute must on my list for any future visits. Full of flavor and I love the contrast in texture as you take each bite. Caesar Wedge SaladPretty straight forward - can you ever really go wrong with a salad?Mac and CheeseI'd say one of the better mac and cheese dishes that I've had in a while. Not overly cheesy. I liked the added texture of the panko and the applewood bacon was a great complement to the overall flavor.  I just wish the serving was twice as big.Beef Culotte Recommended by our waitress and was a pretty good dish although some of the meat was a bit chewy. Perhaps this could have been avoided had the meat been sliced a bit smaller. Service was very pleasant and friendly. I liked that they dimmed the lights as the night wore on - I'd suggest keeping it a lot dimmer in the evenings.  Overall, a casual spot to kick back with some drinks, tasty eats and a great playlist (at least on the night that I went) - sounds like a win to me!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/25/2011,73,92,8,10,12>Can officially say that my 3 year quest to find anything comparable to PaulaR's cooking (aka Mother-in-Law) ended Friday, March 4th. I will remember the day and honor it. Part of me was saddened that the last remnants of my former life ended but oh the jubilation that authentic, I mean "authentic" middle eastern/Mediterranean cuisine is so close to me now.Unfortunately the names of the dishes escape me now but the dough that is used to make their pies/pastries is identical to what you get overseas. I've seen my mother in law make the dough from scratch and was lucky enough to visit Greece, Turkey and the UAE this is the real deal folks. I see why people travel from so far away to purchase the food.Jack mentioned that if an item is not on the menu, give him a call in advance and he will prepare anything you want. You want liver instead of lamb in your kabob, no problem. I'm going to have him make some spanakopita for me, can't wait.Jack is fantastic, very welcoming and true to how that part of the world views every day life. Love it! Thanks DanH!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,5/24/2011,486,19,15,23,20>When I picture a Teriyaki bowl, I usually associate them with a big chain such as Flame Broiler who have taken out the FLAVOR and FUN out of them.  So when looking for a good local Teriyaki bowl establishment, I specifically targeted a mom and pop joint which would have the likelihood of having a better product.  One day I came across GOLDEN BOWL.They have taken out the business aspect of catering to the MAINSTREAM and have concentrated on providing a good product.  The MEAT is TENDER AND JUICY.  This is even the case with their chicken which is hard to prepare.  The portions are large enough to feed an athlete looking for a large amount of PROTEIN. You get the PERSONAL FEEL of a mom and pop setting with good prices (under $10) that have you coming back for more.  I personally like the Combo which comes with beef, chicken, salad, and ADD that AVOCADO.  Yum!!!!Would I come back?  When I have a teriyaki craving, I always do.  You get good BANG for your buck.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,5/23/2011,402,355,6,10,8>I finally made it to The Bruery a few weeks ago for Andrea V.'s going away party. She [and many other friends] have been big advocates of this place for a long time, so I was excited to visit.I first got a glass of Saison Rue and it was delicious! The staff was quick with the pours, and the price was cheap at about $5. Next I had the Old Tart pre-sour on cask, and that was just all sorts of amazing. It's really refreshing to see a place in Orange County making such great beer.My only issue with The Bruery is the lack of seating. I'm the kind of gal that likes to kick back and enjoy her beer, but when I have to stand around a barrel cause all the seats are taken then it's not as enjoyable.Otherwise this place is great. If you can luck up and snag a seat at the bar that seems like the best place to be. Plus the staff is so friendly, they seem more than happy to answer any of your questions.Oh yes, and they're extra awesome here because they usually have some kind of food truck out front when the tasting room is open. That way you can get your grub on once your belly is full of beer.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2007,12/10/2007,183,105,10,8,8>Yep, Megan's right.  I am lazy.  Since she threw down the gauntlet, I figured I better get off my ass and write a review for Bevmo! (I really hate all these businesses with exclamation points.  I'm gonna start a business with a question mark after the name.)So anyway, I stumbled upon the surprise "soft" opening that was a day before the official grand opening.  I have not been in a Bevmo! (see, it just makes me look like I'm excited when I'm really not.) for quite a few years, and not all that much has changed.  They still have shitloads of booze! (that one was on purpose.  ok, I'll stop now.)  They have three locked display cases of Tequila.  I think the Vodka selection took up two entire rows.  I was very impressed with the customer service I received.  The employees I spoke with all seemed very knowledgeable and eager to help.  I was very pleased with the bottle of Pinot that was highly recommended to us.  I still don't know if the prices are all that great, but their selection is hard to top.I have to deduct a star for not having doors accessing the inner part of the shopping center.  There are a lot of businesses that could benefit from the foot traffic coming out of the store.Oooh, I almost forgot...It was very cool getting to meet my 1st Yelp celebrity, Megan G.  She is even more awesome in person!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2007,12/9/2007,559,755,6,9,11>I came here for lunch today for the UYE hosted by Anita L.  I had read her review of Zabiha Tandoori Cafe previously, and I definitely was looking forward to trying it myself.  It's kind of tucked away in a bad location in the Mervyn's shopping center next to a liquor store.  I have passed by this shopping center a million times before and never noticed the restaurant.  I have a feeling that other people haven't found it either because we were the only customers during the 2 hours or so that we were there.The service is outstanding.  Our water glasses were refilled several times, and I was impressed that they bring naan and two different chicken dishes out to the table, even though this is a buffet.  The naan was excellent.  I especially liked the garlic naan, and it was nice and hot when it arrived to the table.I enjoyed the basmati rice and all the vegetarian dishes were really good and flavorful.  I think I liked the spinach the best. They also had some sliced tomato, cucumber and onion that was a good addition to the hot food.  I really can't believe that our lunch was only $6.95 plus tax.  More people should really take advantage of this! The food wasn't greasy at all, and I liked the variety of the dishes.  I'm worried they'll go out of business though since there seemed to be more people going into the liquor store next door at noon on a Sunday than were in the restaurant.I think it's up to all of us Yelpers to make a concerted effort to spread the word about Zabiha Tandoori Cafe, or at least eat there as much as possible.  I think the people there today for the UYE (florance c. and her boyfriend, Tom T., Evelyn K., Maury M., Seb T., Michelle D., and, of course, our lovely hostess, Anita L.) will get on board, so we probably only need a few hundred more volunteers.  What do you say?  Indian buffet, anyone?
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,12/8/2007,401,183,14,15,15>I love this place.  I have literally been coming here my whole life.  Its really tiny and can be SUPER busy, esp on the weekends.  The pan (bread) here is very good and super cheap, so what's not to love?  Also, since my family is awesome in so many ways, but somehow the tamale making gene skipped us, we buy our holiday tamales here as well.  My personal fave is of course, pork, red or green, both good.  The masa is flavorful and moist, and in the right proportion of masa to filling which is very important in a tamal.  I once took my ABC eating buddy here (she loved it) but she wondered why people came with pots?  They also have menudo on the weekends which you can be eco-friendly (and supermex) and bring your very own pot!  Whether you want pan dulce, tamales, or carnitas this a great place to go for great cheap eats!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2007,12/6/2007,268,881,1,9,10>Again, thanks to my fellow Yelpers for introducing me to this place. My first impression about Plato Parfait was that it seemed very clean inside. It's practically sparkling clean. Flavor options are regular/plain ("fruity"), green tea, dark chocolate, peanut butter, strawberry, peach champagne, sugar free pistachio and vanilla. There are tons of topping choices. Fresh fruit options include strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, kiwi, peaches, mango, pineapple, and bananas. Dry toppings include Oreos, Reese's peanut butter cups, sprinkles, cereal, granola, brownies, nuts.. and more I'm forgetting. I got a small green tea with strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries. My bf got a small dark chocolate with peanut butter cups. A small is $2.75 and one topping is $0.95, but you can get a small with 3 toppings for $3.95, a much better deal. I can't remember how much the other sizes were. The small was really big though, it was more than enough. The service was good. They have a bowl full of yummy vanilla waffle chips you can add to your creation for free. I grabbed an extra piece on the way out because it was so yummy. I was really impressed with this place. I liked it way better than Pinkberry and Peachberry. It's comparable to Yogurtland in flavor and quality. Defintely try Plato Parfait if you like your fro yo with fresh fruit and interesting flavors. I can't wait to return!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2007,12/5/2007,223,474,8,16,13>Yelp saves the day again! Shillelagh is one of those great hole in the wall restaurants whose main source of advertisement is via word of mouth.  And now, thanks to yelp, Shillelagh is getting more deserved attention.  When you drive/walk by Shillelagh, it is very unassuming and you'd hardly notice it besides the shamrock sign. Come on in, seat yourself, and order everything that isn't on the menu. Be sure to order a side of fries or at least something under the "pub grub" section on the menu. The Jerk fries with pepperoncinis, cajun seasoning, and cheese make for a delicious appetizer. I ordered the nutloaf which was AWESOME. The nutloaf is made of nuts and mushrooms with a crumble top, dressed in a cranberry sauce. So good. With a side of bok choy and homemade mashed potatoes, you can't go wrong! David has the chicken fried steak, which was done perfectly.  What made our experience here great was Donnie. He and his wife own Shillelagh, and he runs the front while she runs the kitchen. He was very welcoming when we came in, gave us a rundown on the specials, and told us the story of Shillelagh. You can basically order whatever you want on certain days, and they will make it for you. Talk about customer service! I can't wait to try out Shillelagh's for breakfast! We will definitely be coming back. :)
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,12/4/2007,56,451,9,12,14>Taking my silk dress out for the night deserves a fancy restaurant and then to top it off with fun girlfriends....well, who could ask for more? Not this chica, and you should bring your fancy outfit here pronto! Getting here is a bit tricky and it does almost look like you are going into a construction zone....but then keep an eye out for small Kinko's like signs with arrows that will direct you to your handsome valet guys that will wisk away your car so you can get on to the real point of your whole drive out here.... good food & cocktails! The overall feel is very modern with an arty edge.  Reminded me of a hip restaurant I went to in SF/Mission area.  Lots of woods, fabric and the color red. I had the Lychee martini which was delicious and not overly sweet. Serina T had reviewed our dinner selections and everyone at our table was loving their presentation at each plate. It was fun to mix and match the appetizers, salad, entrees as I would have put my fork in someone else's dish anyway.  The angel hair pesto pasta sounds sort of boring but it was really very flavorful and not over the top greasy as many pesto sauces typically are.  We finished the meal with the coffee creme brulee that came with these perfect donut holes which were piping hot - YUM!  And a apple dessert which had a great vanilla ice cream.  How can you go wrong w/ that pairing?  We were all satisfied and it definitely got us into the right mood frame for the rest of the night.  In the overall dining experience, the crowd looked like older professionals, people on dates, families....there was even a baby shower group towards the back of the room. Our reservation was for 7pm and by the time we had finished, we were one of the last tables, so they definitely are building their crowd up still.  The bar had more people in it by the time we were leaving, but by no means full.  I am thinking a Yelp Happy Hour will be perfect for my next adventure to Kimera.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,12/3/2007,233,212,3,29,23>After my Mom's beloved dog, Mona, died a few years back, we waited about 6 weeks before even thinking about getting her a new companion. We found ourselves one day near the Seal Beach Animal Center and wandered in, taking our time to visit each cage, looking for that special something in a dog that would make her want to take it home.The facilities are clean, spacious and the dogs, while couped up and clearly not enjoying their lack of space to run around, seem fine and well cared-for overall.We finally settled on a kind, neurotic mid-sized mutt named Trevor, who had been adoped twice over and returned for various reasons. She and I spent a long time with him taking him on walks and getting to know him and just couldn't imagine the disappointment  and suffering he had endured having been taken in by a family only to be sent back to the animal shelter. It just broke our hearts.She took Trevor home, and while clearly scarred emotionally and as aforementioned, a bit neurotic, he is fiercely loyal and purely loving.A woman from the SB Shelter called a couple weeks after Mom had taken Trev home to see how things were going, and told her that she had cried when she saw someone had adopted sweet Trevor since he'd been through so much.That dog will never see the inside of a shelter again. He's found his permanent home.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,12/2/2007,357,770,6,29,24>Count me in as one of those who wants to see Bouchees do well, as this is one of my new favorite casual eateries in Long Beach. The food is delicious and affordable, and eating here makes us feel healthy and satisfied. It's a lot more casual and simple than I suspected from the reviews. You order at the counter, and the food is brought out to you. There is a small but attractively decorated seating area on the inside, and also some outdoor seating. The menu is fairly minimal - soup, salad, specialty sandwiches, and burgers. They also have homemade cupcakes and ice cream sandwiches for dessert. As mentioned in the other reviews, all the sandwiches and burgers come in regular or "mini" size. The mini sizes are very reasonably priced and make a great way to try a lot of different items.Everything I've tried so far has been absolutely delicious! My favorite is the organic vegetable burger; although I am a carnivore, I really love veggie burgers and I eat them more often than meat burgers. This is probably the best veggie burger I have ever had. It comes out freshly cooked, a little crunch on the outside but hot and moist on the inside; it seems to be primarily made with garbanzo beans, but there is a lot of carrot as well as other veggies in the patty. Add that to a sesame roll, with a choice of up to 4 fresh toppings (green leaf lettuce, red onion, carmelized onion, fresh tomato, oven-roasted tomato, jalapeno salsa, shitake mushroom, garlic pickles, roasted red bell peppers, avocado, chili), your choice of gourmet sauce (green peppercorn dijonnaise, lemon caper aioli, sun dried tomato-onion, homemade ketchup, bacon-black pepper ranch, smoked jalapeno sauce, mayo, dijon mustard, mesquite barbecue sauce, dill yogurt sauce), and then optionally for $1 more your choice of quality cheese (tillamook cheddar, pepperjack, gruyere, american, roquefort, feta, fresh mozzarella, smoked gouda, brie). WOW. And that that's only $1.75 for a mini or $5.50 for a regular (not counting $1 for cheese). Equally good is the freshly ground ahi tuna burger, which is nice and medium rare. I could get 2 mini burgers for anywhere from $1.75-$3.00 each and be totally full. This beats any local place for small dishes, if you ask me. We've also had the mixed green salad and the parmesan/herb french fries with homemade ketchup(!) and those are very tasty as well. We are usually so full after a selection of mini burgers and a salad, we haven't yet had a chance to try their cupcakes or ice cream sandwiches, but I really want to one of these days. I have no complaints about the service or the time it took to get served, but then again I have not been in a hurry, just here to enjoy a leisurely meal. In fact from my perspective I have found the service to be incredibly friendly, attentive and generous, especially considering it's not even really a sit-down restaurant. They often came by to see if everything was OK and if we needed anything else, and when we wanted to take our beverages to go, they made sure to top everything off before we left. I'll admit that at first I was a little put off by the surroundings... it's on Long Beach Blvd. between 5th and 6th, right across from a blue line station and next to Wal-Mart and Panda Express. I'm not a huge fan of City Place (that's "c" pronounced as "sh" a la South Park) and this is right there on its periphery. But I do admire them for choosing this location - the restaurant could have easily fit into the East Village Arts District or somewhere along the Broadway Corridor - and I'd like to think that independent restaurants like this are good for downtown and might provide an inspiration for others. I don't live or work downtown, but this little restaurant certainly brings me into the area by choice on a regular basis. Gentrification? Yawn, yeah probably. The word is bandied about so much it's lost most of its meaning for me. I care more about good food.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,12/1/2007,47,21,12,13,13>Sakura Saku!  You are too good to be true!  This place is "almost" as good as my mamma's cooking.  But my mamma's cooking is thee best Japanese food.  As we walked in the door, there's a recorded Japanese greeting "Herro! Irashaimasen! (Hello!  Welcome!)  "Irashaimasen!" came be heard in most authentic Japanese stores.   Really cute!  They have lots on their menu.  They even have a menu book with pictures of their food, so you know what you're getting.  The Vegetable Udon is just perfect.  Not bland at all.  The TACO Rice sounds weird, but it's soooooo goooood!  And if you have room for desert, try their shaved ice.  I love the melon shaved ice with condensed milk.  This reminds me of my summers in Japan.  You can even get Azuki (red beans) on it  too.  Delicious!  So if you wanna know more about this place....read on to my hubby Kendo U.  He'll tell you 5000 words more.  : )
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2007,11/30/2007,127,162,11,15,13>KFC rules! No, not the chain...Korean fried chicken, baby. I don't have the exact address either, but I've been here twice in two days. Can we say "addicted"? It's in the California Market Mall. Look for the small place right next to Kaju Tofu Restaurant. In case you're in doubt, look for the glass windows with posters of yummy-looking chicken. Oh, the guy in the poster? He's a famous comedian in Korea. I don't know if he's just a spokesperson or linked with the franchise. Anyway the place is called Pizza & Chicken Love Letter, but right now they just serve chicken. The pizzas are "coming soon." No matter...just come here for the chicken. As Yuki mentioned, the chickens come with cabbage salad, some canned corn, and a bowl of pickled radish. The radish isn't spoiled and is a perfect accompaniment to the chicken. If you've been to a Korean bbq place, it's the same as those radish slices used to wrap meat. Your choices:Fried chicken - the original with perfect batter"Sweet & Mild chicken" - fried chicken coated in a slightly tangy sauce with a mild kick"Hot chicken" - my favorite!! fried chicken coated in a spicy sauce made with chili powder and maybe garlic. Not sweet like the other one but not too overpowering either. The perfect amount of spice and flavor.Get the "half and half" if you can't decide - either half fried and half sweet and mild OR half hot and half sweet and mild. The half and half is only $15.99I noticed that this is a mostly take-out place. The inside is a bit small and can get a little claustrophobic at night. Even though they serve beer and ridiculously expensive "bokbunja-ju" (Korean raspberry wine), this isn't a bar. They close early...around 11pm. They also have chicken + beer and chicken + 2 sodas combos. If you get beer, don't order the pitchers. I repeat...don't order the pitchers. Ask for HITE in bottles, please. It tastes MUCH better. For the health nuts - a note on the menu says they fry their chicken in only vegetable and corn oil. No shortening. That's a plus.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/21/2013,400,91,13,23,19>Okay so when I first walked into this market I thought I was in some sort of Ebay heaven with all the different brands of Japanese cosmetics and skin care. I loved it and could have just spent an hour probably just looking around at all the beauty supplies. They sell some cosmetic brands here that I would usually just think could be bought only on Ebay or maybe Amazon. They sell the cutest tweezers here and in the very front of the store there is a Shiseido counter. The lady that was working behind the counter was so nice and friendly and ended up giving me a free sample even though I told her I was just looking. So I was already getting really interested in seeing what else was being sold at this market.They have lots of different kinds of snack foods here with flavors that are not usually sold at other stores such as pineapple and coconut flavored kettle corn. They also sell coconut and guava pancake syrup. Its just a fun store to saunter around if your looking for something different and out of the ordinary, which is also not usually sold in a regular grocery store chain. How about pina colada flavored popcorn crunch? Yeah, different and very intriguing for me to want to eventually try.This place sells a lot of different type of teas and cold drinks. I also saw one of the biggest cans of the Monster drink I've ever seen at this market, seriously it was huge! I felt like out of a lot of the other non chain stores I have been to that this one probably has the biggest selection. They also have a fish and a produce section and they also sell the different flavored mochi ice creams that I like. The lines were a little bit long but then again I did go on a weekend so they could be quicker during the weekdays. No matter though, I still got through the line pretty darn quick. As far as the dollar fee to get in, I didn't even notice, you just pay it when your checking out, so not a big deal! I would definitely recommend this place especially if you like Japanese products or anything a little more exotic than the norm.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,9/20/2013,353,333,17,23,18>5 stars for a Chipotle style Korean joint?  You're damn right.  Here's why:1.  The price is right.  6.8 dollars gets you 2 full portions of meat, a large portion of white or brown rice, and as many sides as you want (they'll pile them into one of the squares in your dinner box. 2.  My brown rice was cooked perfectly3.  They have a number of different sauces (Gogi Hot Sauce, Creamy Sriracha, Hot Chili Paste), and they are all pretty good! 4.  The marinate on the spicy pork bulgogi was actually spicy, and there was no dryness at all.  Was it life changing? No, but it was a big portion and tasty.  The short rib was also well cooked.5.  The interior is well laid out, clean, and the menu matches the demographic- it's a great fit for the UTC.5 reasons for 5 stars.  Dig it.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,9/19/2013,1095,3855,16,28,24>What a beautiful location! The restaurant is housed inside an old bank and they've kept most of the original architecture intact. It was such a shame we visited during lunch because I could imagine how even more stunning it could be at night when all the chandeliers are lit.We ordered a bunch of things to share, but started off with some awesome cocktails. We had the tequila based one as well as the whiskey based one -- can't remember the name.We started off with the brussels sprout and kale dip. It arrived warm with crusty bread to spread it on. Really great and not at all greasy. The smoked trout was one of my favorites. The accoutrements of hard boiled egg slices, pickled onions and arugula pesto toasts went perfectly with the trout.Lamb chops were perfectly cooked and the use of pear chutney made it unique and absolutely delectable. This is definitely a winner!!We also got The Federal Burger. I hope they've fixed the bun problem by now, but the pattie and everything else between the bun was awesome, very flavorful and the meat moist and juicy. The bun absolutely did not do the burger justice. At lunch, the generously portioned burger is served with garlic fries for a mere $11.The lobster mac and cheese was really good too and my son loved it! It was creamy without being too gooey and baked so the top was golden and nicely textured but not dry.Really loved this new place and would definitely return if I'm in the area!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,9/18/2013,293,295,9,16,15>Two mini reviews: Personal dining experience and Business catering.Frantone's hits the spot when I want a hearty meal. I don't know how authentic it is, but the some of the food is great. Garlic butter spaghetti, Lasagna with meat sauce, and mushroom ravioli are my top favorites. Comes with two pieces of garlic bread and salad or soup. Free fried dough puffs rolled in sugar for dessert!It's very efficient how they have the set up. Ordering right at the counter where the chefs are, ensures your order is correct and made right away. The server takes the order for beverages (they also have 25 oz beer) and brings you your food. Then when you're ready, you pay at the cashier. Not a lot of waiting for servers to go back and forth.My work has an annual ceremony where the cost of food is not included, so our staff donates money to feed the attendees and their guests. With a limited amount of money to feed a lot of people, I stopped by Frantone's and Sandra helped me with catering. She made suggestions on which types of pasta would serve more people and worked with what we had. In the end, we were able to feed 300 people with maybe 2 plates left over. Boy, did she know her estimate down to the last person! Their catering menu even states that they want to work closely with schools, churches, and groups. It's nice to know a local restaurant is willing to help out local businesses.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,9/17/2013,1261,696,25,28,29>3 words:HOLIDAY TURKEY SANDWICHLast year when they had the special "Holiday Turkey Sandwich" I completely fell in love. It was literally love at first taste. And the last week that it was available, I ended up going 3 times that week. Because I wanted to savor that sandwich! yelp.com/biz_photos/earl…On the bright side, I thought, once they stop serving it, I can finally try other sandwiches on their menu. So I went back a couple of times, but nothing compared to the holiday sandiwch. Then I got a text from Zeela D. "holiday sandwich is on their permanent menu" seriously it was the happiest text ever! Made me smile with glee. Now I can have the wonderful taste of turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry jam all on a wonderful soft bread! It's fantastic. It makes me happy just thinking about it. Life is good, when i now I can get the Holiday Turkey Sandwich at any time!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,9/16/2013,305,450,13,17,17>The Camp is full of cute, hipster places and Ecco is no disappointment. Our book club has met here a few times, since The Camp is close to our members who live in south county. We book our reservations through Open Table and our table is always ready for us when we arrive.I could rant about parking at The Camp, but if you have been there before, your rant is as good as mine. Just show up early in case you spend lots of time trying to park.Once you park, this is a fun spot. Ecco is located at the end of the walkway, sort of hidden in a cozy place. I love the tiny gazebo-type area outside the door where I can sit and wait for people in case I happen to find parking sooner than later and find that I have time on my hands.Inside, Ecco is somewhere between trendy and romantic. Lower ceilings and darker colors make it feel less like the huge, open OC places that seem to be opening up. Ecco feels comfortable and is always busy when we show up on Wednesdays.I have enjoyed the half chicken, the pork chop, and the New York steak. My gal pals like it here, too. The food is always prepared well and we find that the service is friendly and efficient. As a bonus, the wine list leaves me with decent choices by the glass.Call ahead and reserve a seat, or use Open Table through Yelp. Show up hungry. Enjoy.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/15/2013,1723,545,17,31,24>how can anyone not like cucina enoteca?  i agree, the "italian" food is very americanized but regardless, this is my favorite restaurant in oc!reasons:1.  ambiance:  how can you not love the super cute patios.  yes, patios!  there are 2!  i prefer the side with the tree though.  string lighting, sunsetting, people watching.  pure california bliss.  the indoor portion of the restaurant can get a little loud but beautifully decorated.  i love the long bar tables.2.  pet friendly:  i am able to happy hour and enjoy hours of dinner with my westie!  make sure your pet is well behaved though ;)  no one wants to dine next to yappers.3.  formmagio:  did i mention that i absolutely LOVE the cheese board?  it's my must order.  pleasing to the eyes and even more pleasing to the palate.4.  wine:  cucina has a wine store, all the wine on their wine list can be purchased!  i believe it's a $8 corkage fee.  the price range is so reasonable!  from low prices for the not-so-wine-snobs like me and to the high prices for the super-wine-snobs ;)5.  food:  i don't think i've ordered anything i haven't liked so far.  personal favorites:  mushroom pizza, lasagna (veal/cheesy goodness), parmasean fries, burrata cheese, and seafood linguine.  5 reasons for 5 stars.  ti amo, cucina enoteca.p.s. service is pretty consistent.  justin is an excellent server!  probably the best of everyone.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/14/2013,2311,103,19,28,25>Great place to come for a great ocean view, the nice ocean breeze, and best of all for the mojitos!! Love this place because you can get great bites to eat here, it is a great place to enjoy good company, and just relax.  Best of all, this place is near work, so I sometimes have my lunch here, yes I'm not afraid of a shot before going back to work!!  Summer is coming, and this is one of the best bar in Laguna, the view you have the best view along the coast, overlooking the golden coast. Come when the sun is about to set, just a wonderful view of the sunset, great place to take a date if you know what I mean.  Also at night when it gets a little chilly, and yes it sometimes does, they hand out blankets for you to lounge around, another reason for a great place for a date!It can be a little hard to find if you are not familiar with the area, it is on top of La Casa Del Camino hotel.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/13/2013,380,334,16,25,19>My mom introduced me to this place and I loved it. Everything we ordered was super tasty and I love the fact that you can't tell you're not eating meat. A great place to hang out and grab a cup of coffee or lunch. We tried the buffalo cauliflower, Cajun chikin torta and the special which was a pizza with kale, tempeh and peppers. The buffalo cauliflower is pretty crazy because it tastes just like buffalo wings! Genuis!  I recommend them for sure. I enjoyed the torta as well, amazing rosemary torta roll that was super fresh. The pizza was good but to me it just tasted like a veggie pizza. They also make their own pickles and the desserts are pretty decent. I think Mead's is better than Native Foods and slightly cheaper. I can't wait to go back and try one of the burritos. :)
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/12/2013,547,217,22,29,26>Full Psycle is Nerd Technology meets Ironman.Pick you bike beforehand, enter weight.  During the class you stare at your bike number up on flat screen displays.  The class shows each bike's ranking - RPMs and your power output which is a combo of RPM and your resistance.There is no cheating here.  You can't "pretend" to crank up resistance but keep on slacking.  Your numbers are posted in real time the whole time.Calling All Competitive People  1)  Team Work  -  The screens show you the class' average power output (how hard everyone is working) and each person's individual numbers.  So then the instructor says,     "For the next 3 minutes, everyone has to stay above 150 power."-You are the WEAKEST LINK goodbye in class if you're not at the number you should be and someone else has to pick up your slack to keep the class number up, making you feel pathetic and miserable until you start busting your ass again.2) Real Time Racing  -  You can race other individuals in class.  Instructor says,     "For the next 60 seconds, your job is to pass whoever is ranked one above you.  Remember the person below you is coming for you too.  GO!"3)  Puking  -  One time I decided I wanted to pass this man beast that was CRUSHING on the board the whole class, so during a 30 second sprint I basically thought I would challenge him and came close to ripping my feet out of the clipped in spin shoes I was pushing so hard.  Gratification.  Check.  Almost throwing up on bike.  Also check.  You are NEVER going to push yourself that hard on the elliptical at 24 hour fitness.Calling All Tech NerdsInstant Gratification  -  Lastly, for Ulta Tech Nerd status, you get an email at the end of the class that tells you how many calories you burned, your Max power, your average, all these crazy stats. Progress Tracking  -  Then you can compare that workout to all your other work outs and literally see your improvement in the table and on your personal output graphs.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/13/2012,645,646,34,37,39>I think I have BJD. Barbeque Jones Disorder. And this is just what the doctor ordered.I've been coming to the Tulsa Rib Company forever. And last night was a first, I got an order to go. I had a friend pick up some Ribs, Ribs, Ribs for me last night as I was tied up and could not make it before they closed. No worries he told me I get to go orders all the time I'll bring it to ya. He even took a few pics for meI couldn't wait to get home as the smell of the Q filled my truck. I thought twice about snacking on a road rib but passed as the BBQ sauce would have made it a dangerous drive. But alas my patience paid off as I opened the to go box of smoked joy. yelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…  I was greeted with an assortment of ribs. Baby's, St Lou's, Beef and Country Style. I only wish you had SMELP in stead of YELP so you could smell that hillbilly perfume I love so much.FOOD ORDERED:Ribs, Ribs, Ribs , Tulsa Potatoes , BeansFOOD TASTE:Beef Ribs ... Tender, with a nice bark while not being overdone, Meaty, (Much more meat than last review, see pic)  4.5****Starsyelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…St Louis Ribs ... Perfectly cooked, moist fall off the bone goodness, they literally fell off when picked up 4.5****StarsBaby Backs ...  Nice bark, and smoke ring, light sauce, moist and chock full of meat 5*****StarsCountry Style ... Boneless, cut with your fork soft pieces of lean country goodness swimming in a pool of Tulsa's great BBQ sauce. 5*****Staryelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…Tulsa Potatoes ... These are the A-BOMB! Like a deep fried thick soft centered garlic potato chip. And were even better with some Bob's Big Boy Blue Cheese Dressing as a dipping sauce! If you've never tried them you must!  5*****Stars  yelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…Corn Bread .... It is sweet, moist and flaky 4****Starsyelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…Beans ... Pretty standard BBQ fare, but with a taste of smoke and Q. 3.5***Starsyelp.com/biz_photos/Z2T_…I passed on a couple of my other favorites, the creamed corn and tabooli as I already had enough food for 3 people and had a lot of leftovers to enjoy while watching football today.TO GO SERVICE: Friend said he was in and out in less than 10 min., the normal wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday is 30min.  5*****StarI'll be back, maybe next time it to go again!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/12/2012,587,527,18,22,20>Short and Sweet CupCake Review for this place:I honestly think I am in food lust for their BBQ pork. It is all I crave outside of their rare steak pho. Love the fact that this place is open until 3:00am; there has been plenty of times that Minh and our friends have stumbled in hungry and wanted some good food at a decent price.Service isn't too friendly (keep that in mind) but they will take your order quickly, get your drinks to you and get the food to you fast. After that, the servers seem to hide out. You have to flag one down to get anything at first it was quite annoying, but I have become use it to! Don't wait for the check to come to you, just walk up to the register and tell them what table you were at. If your bill is under 30.00, they will charge you a fee to use your card.The restaurant is gorgeous inside, very modern and lots of booths and tables. Much better than their old location (which was just down the way). The colors are soothing and I love their giant waterfall that sits behind their counter.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/11/2012,1076,324,18,18,18>Before I review this new 2nd street gastropub, I'd like to take a moment of silence for the Shore House, which closed down and has been replaced by Simmzy's...  K. Thanks.I love this place.  The restaurant is super modern and sleek, but casual and beachy at the same time.  It fits right in to the culture here.  They have a long bar and an open kitchen.  The bar has  31 local beers on tap and even the wine is on tap.  That sort of reminds me of wine in a box, so I just stick with beer here.  It may be good, but I wouldn't know- didn't try it.  The menu is new American casual gastropub food- gourmet sandwiches and burgers, fabulous individual pizzas, and awesome salads.  I recommend everything.  :-)    I love eating at the bar, although the patio is dope too.  The ahi tuna salad is probably one of the best salads I've had this year.  I'm not kidding.  I must mention the S'more pudding dessert here that is absolutely divine.  Try it if you get the chance.  Trust.  The service is great, the food is good, and I love that this spot brings a little class to the casual dive spots found on 2nd street.  Simmzy's is now one of my go-to spots on 2nd.  The food is delicious, the service is great and its a beautiful place.  I recommend Simmzy's for lunch or dinner, a date, or night out with friends.  Kid's would be ok here as well.  Ambiance: AFood: APrice: $$Drinks: A (stick to the beer)This has definitely become a favorite of mine in LBC.  Another Long Beach Gem.  Enjoy. xo Dre
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,12/10/2012,1193,763,26,31,28>Are you one of those adults who dislikes Disneyland?If you answered yes (you suck), then I think I found a way to make your trip to the Happiest Place on Earth more enjoyable.Before heading into the park go to the Disneyland Hotel, find the pool area, locate Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar and throw back a few of their strong tropical themed cocktails. After that, I guarantee you'll have a good time. Not even the thousands of screaming kids or the millions of tourists will be able to bring you down.A few other things you need to know about Sam's is,They serve food. I had a panko crusted chicken sandwich topped with Tamarind barbecue sauce and green papaya slaw. My wife had their Hawaiian cheeseburger with teriyaki Sauce, grilled pineapple, Havarti cheese, bacon, lettuce, and tomato.Both meals came with sweet potato fries. Obviously, these sandwiches weren't great but they weren't bad either. However, Sam's Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Rum cocktail was outstanding. It's made with reserve rum, cream of coconut, pineapple and orange juices and dusted with cinnamon and nutmeg.Of course it wouldn't be a Disney property if there wasn't some magical surprises at the bar.Besides being beautifully decorated, the bar area also features thunderstorms, erupting volcanoes where you can actually feel lava raining down (actually, when the volcano erupts the bar tenders spray the patrons with water from spray bottles but it's still fun),  and lots of other sound effects and more. And lastly, since it's located at the Disneyland Resort it's a bit pricey but it's not too bad. If you want to loosen up a bit before going into the park or need a fun place to whine down after a long day of Disney fun, pay a visit to Trader Sam's.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/9/2012,1753,410,74,76,78>Uh yea yeahUh yea-a-a-aOof! (x2)We were cravin' shish kabob of LebaneseFrom the city of Orange that's divine We found Zena's restaurant thru Yelp at easeRealizin' that our dine's sublime Potatoes took spice of paradiseWar' A Reesh sent us to paradiseSo yum, yea, yea, yeaZena made us feel like we were dancin' in heavenFelt so long, for so longYea, Zena had made us to go dancin' in heavenAnd sing a song, to sing a songOh nom nom nom nomOof!Oh nom nomOh nom nom nom nomOof!Pita bread and hummus made me smile all nightMain plate was shared due to its massAll 3 meats were hot, sensuous, and moist with all their mightLeftovers result more rice to lastThat's all thanks to staff who's more than niceYes their care was seen with some free riceAnd it shows, yeahThat Zena has felt like dancin' all around heavenFor so long, for so longYea Zena has made us go on dancin' in heavenAnd sing a song, sing a songWhoa, yeahWorth much of our moola, spendin' felt far from weakWhoa, yeahWished Zena was near to me, to spend my visits by weekCause she made me feel like dancin' all around heavenFor so long, for so longCause Zena had felt like I was dancin' in heavenAnd sing a song, sing a songOh nom nom nom nomOof!Uh yea-ah, uh yea-a-a-aOOF!Thank you to this guy helpin' me Yelp a tune: youtube.com/watch?v=e-fA…And please read DL's detailed, raved version for this place, too: yelp.com/biz/zenas-medit…
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,12/8/2012,396,117,12,17,13>This sandwich spot is very cute; it's tucked in the area of the Christian Book store, sushi spot, Tommy's Pastrami and 8 Steers. Plenty of parking since the area never really get a lot of traffic; most of their customers are from the businesses and the school from this plaza.Food: 4/5I really like their sandwiches. It's very good but I LOVE how they can turn any sandwiches into a scrumptious salad. I've tried the Wickes Witches salad. It came with pesto and balsamic dressing. Who would have thought to mix those two up and it's food porn?!?? Service: 4/5It's not 5/5 because it's meant to be in and out kind of place. There's not a lot of interaction; however the owner Jamie explained her menu very well and is very helpful and patient with my indecisive ways. She was the one who helped me steer toward the "leave it" option (salad from the sandwich options). There are some outdoor seatings if you want to "dine-in". Overall experience: 5/5I am sooooo glad I have one more option while I am at work. I have so many dining options where I work; but I love that I can just walk over during my lunch to grab a salad or sandwich. I hope this place do well as I do not want it to go away. I am so glad Quizno's closed down, that sandwich place turns me off.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,12/7/2012,240,550,30,35,36>(DARN I shoulda saved this one for my 200th review!)yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…is a restaurant run entirely by students who are enrolled in yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…I'm sure there are restaurants like this at many other culinary schools, my sister worked in one at the San Francisco culinary school she attended.   But this is the first time I've been to one.I saw a review about 5ifty Forks here on Yelp a few months ago and had to try it.  So 3 friends and I made reservations and dined 2 days ago, but I made sure I grabbed a Discount Certificate from restaurant.com/5ifty-for…; first!  The food quality, flavor and presentation is high, prices are low (for an app, entree and dessert it's just $25 pp and would easily be double that anywhere else!)   We ordered a couple beverages and an extra dessert, our total incl tax & tip was $35 pp.Service was friendly, polite and VERY good!   We had a server, but there were always two tending to us!   Plus they were very willing to answer all our questions about being a student in this culinary program.THE FOOD?  Here you be the judge:  A couple minutes after we order they bring out an amuse bouche for us, Duck Confit Nachos topped with tomatoes fresh from their garden and WOW, SO DELISH!    yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…Next to arrive, hot fresh Mexican sweet bread, served on a cedar plank yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…For "Beginnings" we order the Rosemary Roasted Almonds - DELISH!! yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…The Mediterranean Cream Corn with Eggplant sauce - VERY tasty when mixed together  yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…And the Maryland Style Crabcake - Also very tasty!  yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f… For "Middles" we chose the Red Lentil Dal (and veggie curry) Quite tasty! yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…plus a side of roasted beets - YUM! yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…The Lamb Kababs (watercress & shallot salad, yogurt sauce, fresh made bread and a tart mango salsa) Delish! yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…And two ordered the Grilled Bistecca (steak) with baked ricotta & rosted beets yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…We all decided the baked ricotta while good, was an odd side and didn't really go with the steak.A view of the kitchen:  yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…And the menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…For "Endings" we ordered all 5 choices:  The Warm Maine Bluberry Tart  yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…  So fresh, YUM!  (a close up)  yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…The Torta Della Nonna (not so sweet cheesecake) yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…The Chocolate Cake  WOW!  So deep and rich, a chocoholics dream! yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…The Peach Crumble - The peaches were SO fresh / sweet and the crumble, WOW!yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…And finally the Sundae of Deliciousness - fried plantains, maple soaked wet nuts w/ Café Du Monde & Vanilla ice cream.   So yummy!    yelp.com/biz_photos/50-f…OVERALL: Yes they are students, but they do a great job!   I will DEFINATELY be back!QUICK TIP - NOTE: As this is a school, they cannot serve booze and there is no BYO.   They have limited open days and hours...  and I strongly suggest making reservations!  Bon Appeitite!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,12/6/2012,333,199,17,17,14>I've lived in California for about two years.  In that time I have become a lover of pho.  I don't know why it took me so damn long to get my dumb ass into Cafe Lotus to discover the wonder that is their pho.They've only two versions... Chicken and Beef.  Don't let the lack of variations turn you off though.  I've only had the beef pho but let me tell you about the glory therein!  Have you ever had a bite of steak or sipped a spoonful of broth that made you want to break out into some Broadway inspired song? NO? Well, What the hell are you doing with your life?  Get your (not-as-happy-as-it-could-be) ass down to Cafe Lotus (during business hours) and order up a bowl of comfort-filled deliciousness. If heaven had a taste I think it would taste something like the perfectly sliced steak floating gently within the wonderful and delicately balanced broth of their beef pho!There is a picture of Kobe Bryant picking up some take-out from Cafe Lotus.  Related to that I can say that I guess another up-side to my frequent visits is that they have been conspicuously rape-free... Which is always a plus!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,12/5/2012,305,450,19,28,19>Sometimes hot stuff comes in small, unassuming packages. In the case of Da Rae, that is so true.Open just three weeks, the wait staff made us feel welcome right away. They speak Korean, so Mr. Handsome chatted them up and ordered a ton of food. Then, as typical of two Yelpers sitting down to eat, we both rushed to check in. Bet I can beat you, our mutual glances said. However, lo and behold, Da Rae wasn't listed yet. So, I settled in to submit the place while  Mr. Handsome started munching on the banchan that had came out right away.Once we were able to check in, we settled in for a ton of food and took closer stock of our surroundings. This place is little. There are perhaps 15 tables. This also isn't an AYCE place. Here you don't cook at your table. Instead, get ready for some legit Korean home cooking.First came the chigae with pork neck. The meat was tender and the soup was full of flavor. Next came the spicy stir fried octopus with vegetables. Hot hot hot, and full of flavor, we ate this until we sniffled and smiled. Don't order spicy here if you are a wimp! Finally, we dove into the spicy pork ribs. We ate and ate until we could not eat any more. Then we took a few more bites just because it was all so good. Apparently I did a good job eating. The waitress told Mr. Handsome that I have a good appetite. Ha. In SoCal, that isn't such a good thing though it is apparently a good thing in Korea. However, what can I say? I was hungry and the food was good. Food here has a clean flavor, meaning that you can taste that they aren't using MSG. Additionally, they claim that the food is organic and that the water is alkaline filtered. With all of this happiness, you may wonder what the draw back is to Da Rae. No OB. No Hite. No soju. They don't plan on getting a liquor license. So, one star down for that. However, this won't stop us from coming back and stuffing ourselves yet again!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,12/4/2012,488,258,16,19,15>Ohhh myyyy! The last time I was at this attraction, I was recovering from a nasty, lingering cold, kinda like this time. But that was three years ago, and no one knew what a Groupon was yet.This time though, EVERYBODY and their mother had a Groupon. Hey - times are tough, money's tight, but none of that should stop you from having some scary-good times, right? Thanks to the attraction's newfound popularity, the line was longish, about 45 minutes - for what is most accurately described as a scary ass maze, people.It's all good though - the Gardenwalk has been a ghost town recently (pun intended) and The Empty Grave brought some (undead) life to it. People that were there to be scared out of their pants invariably breathed life into other businesses as well.This year, I was thoroughly terrified and delighted to note that there was a scary f**cker hanging from the rafters. I thought I'd pee my pants when he hissed and growled at us - over our heads! Yes, I screamed, I jumped, I shivered. The monsters were ghoulishly delightful at this one-maze little attraction, and I can't wait to go again next year!This is a great alternative for those unwell enough to walk through the horrifying crowds at Knott's Scary Farm and other park-wide attractions. Plus there are monsters who will walk past and scare you in line as well lol :)
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/4/2014,228,465,17,46,29>First off, I'd like to give thanks to Alivia C's review & comments: GPS the address she gives you & I quote from her: 3287 Alta Laguna Blvd, Laguna Beach & it will lead you to the actual hiking site & small park next to it.  Thank you for your consideration of mentioning that and saving others from dreaded frustration and their gas.Once you get close to the dead end, you can decide where you'd like to park.  There's also parking at the park, however it gets taken up fast if you get there later.  Also be aware (as I found out) the landscapers that are working on homes will block the driveway (which is understandable, they need to be accessible to the property) but if you don't allow yourself any room, they'll block you in.  But it is such a nice area and spread out.The day I went was overcast in the morning and of course sun started to come out and burn off the clouds.  You'll definitely need sun block, sun cap & plenty of water.I didn't realize how big it was and it's not quite close to the ocean like Crystal Cove, as it's nestled in a residential hilltop area.  Very scenic and nice challenging trails - about 2.5 mile round trip.  Can make it longer by venturing into nearby trails - Aliso and Wood Canyons Wilderness Park and Laguna Coast Wilderness Park which are about 8 miles (I Googled it).  Either way, you'll definitely get butt kicking inclines & a good little cardio workout!!   And if time permits, picnic and relax at the beach.  I plan to hike towards Aliso Wilderness & other parks listed above next time, as that day I went I was short for time and not able to. Saw a few hiking groups & what appeared to be a church group (they were singing hymns, it was so cool to see that), families & doggies as well.  it seems like lots of people go there, but are friendly and all courteous.  Bikers paradise and they too were considerate as the hikers in sharing & looking out.  Saw a couple older dudes on unicycles (something for everyone - aye?)Water & restrooms available at the park.  Don't forget a camera.I loved this hiking trail(s) & all it has to offer.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/3/2014,1095,3855,19,30,26>Came here with a bunch of my friends for dinner.... get there early because they start to fill up and then a line ensues and you have to wait. However, there is a nice comfortable lounge area you can wait in which makes it all the more bearable. You can have a drink and some snacks beforehand if you want like the edamame, takoyaki, fried sausages, gyoza, cream cheese wontons.The meat and seafood was super fresh and of great quality. I ordered the rib eye while my son ordered the prime. Some of my friends ordered a combo of prime and the higher level beef (couldn't remember) under the wagyu. The portions were really big -- I couldn't finish my seafood (shrimp and scallops). You also get your choice of white or brown rice with your meal.The vegetables included napa cabbage, shiitake mushroom, carrots, bok choy, tofu and some udon for you to cook up at the end. Actually, they cook it up for you and make a broth out of the remaining stock you've cooked your stuff in.My only complaint is the goma sauce, which I found lacking in sesame taste even with the crushed roasted black and white sesame seeds. The ponzu was a little on the light side for me as well. Otherwise, the meat and vegetables were great and there is so much food you won't leave complaining you're still hungry.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/2/2014,453,229,20,33,29>Haaaammmm and scrammmm!We saw a few people check into this place and we happened to have an entertainment coupon and had to check it out, despite my husband not being a fan of ham.We woke up early and headed over. Their hours are from 5:30am-3pm Mon-Fri and 7am-2pm on weekends so the window is small and early. We had heard that there wasn't much seating either. That was correct. There are about four tables of two. We were immediately greeted and the girl up front explained some of the menu. She did explain that they have a smaller menu and not a million options to make things more simple for everyone. My husband went with the breakfast burrito which was the most popular, and I went with the bowl which was the same thing but without the tortilla. I almost got the english muffin in which she explained that it's like the ones at McDonald's, but only theirs tastes good. Haha... I am going to have to try that soon.I didn't look at the lunch menu much since we were there for breakfast, but I do believe that I did see a grilled cheese and ham sandwich that I am definitely going to have to go back and try. We waited for our food to be cooked up nice and fresh. My bowl had eggs, hash browns, bacon, green peppers, cheese, ham, and onions, and it came with a side of salsa. It was delicious! All the staff there was very polite, and the owner knew that we were new and was very polite. Also they have a lot of regulars who go here and they know them and converse with them all. They are also very quick to clean up the tables for the next guest to sit down and eat. If we lived closer, I would definitely be a regular. But, I'm definitely coming back soon! Just be prepared to wait or possibly take it to go. :)
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/1/2014,1130,316,14,25,22>Finally, a place where I can wash my dog without making a mess (in my own house).I have an 14 lb mini Australian Shephard that absolutely hates baths. Unfortunately, he has an owner that is a bit sensitive to dander that has a hard time trying to wash him in a tub with a sliding glass door. Luckily, this joint just opened up by my place. For a couple bucks, I can wash my dog without straining my back and having my soggy dog run around the bathroom and getting everything wet. They provide you with shampoo, apron, conditioner, towels, combs, hair dryer, etc. All you need to do is roll up with your dog, cat, parrot, ferret, rabbit, turtle, and/or goldfish and have fun!The owner, Christy, is awesome! She gave me a tour of the place and showed me how everything worked. There's 5 self-serving tubs, specifically designed for dogs of all sizes. Christy's Pitbull, Luna, helped demonstrate how the tubs worked!Highly recommend! The setup helped me cut my wash time in half! They're going to start having a grooming service soon, so it'll be great when I can drop off my dog and run errands. Overall, I am happy with the facility and friendliness of the staff. Will be back soon!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/28/2014,281,739,22,26,27>DOMINIC'S RISTORANTE ITALIANO MAGNIFICOIt's a Sunday evening and I'm starting to get hungry yet again! Story of my life!  I want something different but there was NO way in H*LL I was going to pull out a pot and cook anything!  That would be too much like right and it is NOT like I can YELP about some FRICKIN DELICIOUS etouffee I made why...because NO ONE FRICKIN cares!  If you're wondering what etouffee is you REALLY NEED to get out more and possibly go to LOUISIANA cause I have yet to find some that passes the test here, but in simple terms it is a meat and seafood dish with rice!  YUMMY GOODNESS!I remembered this ITALIANO RESTORANTE near my nail shop so I figured I'd kill two birds with one stone.  Get my toes done and get some grub!  I've seen this place for years but never stopped but because I was always over in this area when it was closed!  Their hours are basically lunch and dinner during the week and early dinner and normal dinner hours on the weekends!  I figured I would order a few things to keep me occupied for a few days so I would not have to think "What I'm I gonna eat for dinner tonight".So back to my trusty YELP app to pull up the menu.  Such a helpful app!  I called an ordered the classic combination with 2 cheese ravioli, one manicotti, a meatball and one sausage and I also ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and 2 meatballs.  Both came with a side salad that I ate for lunch the next day!  You also get some SLAMMIN garlic bread.First I tried my classic combo which was DELICIOUS and HOT, even after calling it in and going to pick it up after getting my toes done!  WHAT!  Hot food that can stay HOT enough to eat and NOT have to NUKE in the microwave!  AWESOME!  We are already off to a good start!  Everything WAS SIMPLY DELICIOUS AND SUPER DUPER YUMMY!  The cheese and sauce was SOOO GREAT!  They REALLY don't SKIMP ON EITHER!  I was thinking I would need o ask for extra sauce but NOPE they had me covered!I downed it all and one bread stick as well!  I was SUCH A GREEDY PIGGY but it was DELICIOUS!  The only thing I didn't eat all of was the sausage because it was a bit on the spicy side for me but I did give it a try and IT WAS SLAMMIN!  SOOO FRICKIN FLAVORFUL and MOIST I didn't need a knife to cut it!  FAN-TAB-ULOUS!  Too bad I could not eat the entire thing but all that spice would have given me heartburn!  I don't have the iron clad stomach I used to have as a kid.For lunch Monday I had the DELIGHTFUL SALAD which was still nice and crisp!  NOT WILTED!  I really appreciated that it kept for almost a whole day!  I was able to put both salads in a nice plastic container with the dressing and had a nice light lunch!  It was perfect and the ITALIAN dressing was FANTASTIC!Monday night after my grueling yoga class and nearly passing out while vomiting because I was WAAAYY TOO dehydrated (I really should know better and I do), I went home and had the spaghetti with meat sauce and the 2 meatballs and more garlic bread!  I warmed it up in the microwaves and the ankle bites (dogs) were at my heels and sniffing the air!  Can we have some pleeeeaaasssee!  Just drop a little bit on the floor for us well lick it right up for you!  It was JUST as DELICIOUS AND YUMMY AS my meal Sunday night!  SUPER DUPER FLAVORFUL AND YUM, YUM, YUMMY!  Since all I had was a tuna sandwich and a salad for lunch I was STARVING like a HOSTAGE and that was a PERFECT MEAL!  FRICKIN FINGER LICKIN GOOD!I will DEFINITELY GO BACK!  I should have gotten dessert but I think I go in and sit for that one!  The restaurant was SUPER quaint inside with a nice ITALIAN feel.  Nothing over the top!  People come to eat GOOD FOOD HERE!  They come in car loads with kids in tow!  SIMPLY DELICIOUS FOOD!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,2/27/2014,526,250,31,40,34>This place was so much fun! I've been in the market for a new teppan restaurant and luckily my friend chose to celebrate his birthday here on Saturday. The parking lot is super tiny, so you have to use the complimentary valet. Once inside, the first room has a few tables or you can sit at the bar in front of the sushi chefs. This appears to be the only room but keep walking and you're into the second room with 5 teppan tables and a full bar with a bartender. This bar is small but it comes in handy because you might not be seated at a teppan table right at your reservation time. It depends on when the people before you finish their meal. Once seated, you place your order with the waiter and then your chef will come out to cook in front of you. Our chef was so lively and fun, and confirmed with the birthday guy that we wanted the X-rated show. He was hilarious! He gave the birthday guy a few free shots and took shots along with him as well. The chef truly put on a show, making everyone at the table catch food in their mouths and shaping the food into vulgar body parts. I would definitely say this is a party place, not a place for kids. Portions are large just like at most teppan places, so sharing between 2 people is a good option. You pick the meat or seafood option you want and all dishes include onion soup, salad, steamed rice (can be subbed for fried rice for $3.50 more), grilled veggies, and butter noodles with sesame seeds. We went for the lobster tail and filet for $38 dollars and added a side of chicken for $8. Split between 2, the price wasn't bad and we both left full but not stuffed. Each item tasted like it had the same type of sauce on it but I loved the flavor and everything was super juicy and perfectly cooked.  I also tried a bit of the Chicken Lettuce Wrap appetizer. The chicken was really flavorful and it was served with fried rice. The atmosphere is very loud and lively. If you want a quieter experience, you should sit in the front room. This is my new spot for when I get that teppan craving. I'll be back!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/26/2014,385,312,22,32,29>Hands down the BEST fruit tart cake in town for about 20+ years now. Growing up, my parents would buy this cake for every special occasion.  Yup, if you do the math that's about 5 fruit tarts/yr.  Which means my lifetime intake of fruit tart (up to age 17)  equaled to about 50+ tarts.  Unfortunately for me, I've reached my limit.  On the bright side, when I met my hubby (decade ago)  I introduced this delicacy to all his friends/family.  I now have a whole slew of "fruit tart newbies."  And these babies are now a hot commodity and a highly requested dessert  once again.   TID BITS: 1) Call and order ahead.  Make sure you ask them to make it fresh and the time you will be picking up the cake.  2) They also do same day orders. And most of the time they have some extra cakes/tarts you can just buy that is in the display case.  3)  CREDIT CARDS accepted4)  Parking lot is crowded. **The FRUIT TART GIST***Bottom layer: buttery, crisp and puff pastry like crust. It's airy and light. Not dense or thick.  Has a nice CRUNCH to it. *Middle layer (custard): Light and creamy. Not too sweet. Has just the right consistency.  Blends very well w/ the crust & fruits.  *Top layer: Fresh vibrant fruits (strawberry, kiwi, mandarin orange and grapes) beautifully displayed w/ a shiny glaze on top.  Quite the EYE CATCHER. COST: $24: 6-10ppl, $27: 10-15ppl, $37: 15-20ppl, $58: 20-30ppl, $69: full sheet. They also specialize in beef stew and curry.  I recommend ordering take out since space is very limited inside.  P.S. They've got random goodies as well.  I love their ALMOND CRISP too.  Bon Appetit.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/25/2014,1076,324,21,29,28>It's called Secret Spot because this tiny beach dive is slightly hidden.  Find it next to Subway behind the gas station on the corner of Warner and PCH.  Its a hippy little vegan joint that serves super fresh and tasty seasonal food- vegan dishes and non vegan dishes too.  A little something for everyone.  I've been coming here for years and I heart this spot because you can eat here guilt free.  Their menu boasts organic, super yummy, always hits the spot items like fresh wraps (both vegetarian and non), healthy salads, and tempting specials.  They serve cold pressed juices and fabulous smoothies too.  Last time I was here they featured Lemon/Ginger Lemonade, fresh pressed to order.  It was great- tart, crisp and super refreshing although I have to admit I wanted to put some vodka in it... Anyway, when you eat here be sure to try the fresh pressed juice.  Secret Spot trumps a food/snack run to any fast food spot you can think of- In and Out included.  Its just fast food at its kindest. Stop in and see for yourself.  Namaste.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/24/2014,2601,1009,22,38,27>Service and food incredible. Normal Shabu Shabu restaurants don't have a chef. This one has a chef and makes sure to keep things strict regarding quality food. The vibe feels a bit fancy and to an older crowd but that can definitely be fixed. The owner was very friendly when welcoming us in. We sat at a table with four induction stove's. Our group ordered drinks, appetizers, and food. It was pretty empty for a Friday evening but it just opened, so that should soon change. The service and staff was on point with making sure we got what we needed. Now onto the food!Beef and jidori chicken shabu shabu: The plate consisted of veggies, udon, thin beef slices, thin chicken slices, goma sauce, ponzu sauce, and a pot of water. The sauces were both very very good. The beef was on point! It held in the water and when you took a bite.. an explosion of meat and liquid. A beautiful thing. Black cod cooked in miso: Cooked to perfection! It's a great appetizer!Complimentary chef's tofu and seaweed: Salty goodness of a tofu puree topped with chopped up seaweed. Recommendation: Choice beef shabu shabu. And say hello to the owner! She's very friendly!P.S. And at late night the beer pitcher is buy one get one free for happy hour!!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,2/23/2014,438,492,22,29,27>Why couldn't they teach me how to make ice cream with liquid nitrogen when I was taking chemistry class?  It sure would've made the class more interesting and I might have stuck with my major.  I've been wanting to try liquid nitrogen ice cream for sometime but there aren't that many and they are all a bit out of my way.  I'm so glad this one opened close to me.  As soon as I saw Timmy S's review of this place, I had to check it out immediately.They mix different flavor powders with cream and sugar in an electric mixer then freeze it quickly with liquid nitrogen.  It only takes about 5 minutes to make one.  Use of liquid nitrogen also yields much smoother texture due to smaller ice crystals.  It's also easier to control the density of the ice cream using this method.  I usually let my ice cream thaw out a bit before eating because most places have the temperature too low and ice cream tends to get too hard.  This one came out just the way I wanted.  The texture was smooth as a gelato but still rich and creamy.  I got the chai tea ice cream which tasted really good.  Next time I'll try the salted caramel if it's still on the menu.  It seems like they change their menu occasionally and have special flavor of the month.  Only drawback for me is I'm lactose intolerant so I can't eat too much of this stuff.  I can only eat organic ice cream for some reason.  I wish this place used organic cream and real fruits and flavor instead of powder.  I don't mind paying more for quality ingredients.  Regardless, I'm still going to return and try more flavors.  It's just as enjoyable to watch them make the ice cream as it is to eat one. LIttle kids will really enjoy this place.  For them it will be like watching a magic show.Location is little difficult to find.  It's located by the Krikorian Theater at Buena Park mall but it's not inside the mall.  It's best to enter from Stanton Avenue instead of LaPalma Avenue to avoid mall traffic.  Park near back of Sears and walk toward the theater.  It's slightly west of the theater.CASH ONLY.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,4/14/2014,193,149,36,43,38>I've travelled to many of the world's top award winning airports - Hong Kong, Toronto, Incheon, Vancouver, London and more. My favorite airport in the world is John Wayne. Simply because it's convenience and level of service. Getting to your gate is always a breeze. It sometimes has felt like I've walked right from my car to my gate in a matter of a few minutes.  Likewise, when landing here you are out of the plane and on your way out in no time. In regards to service, for some reason the TSA workers here are all courteous and professional. Not sure when air travel changed from an endeavor you would dress up for to the experience of dealing with some rude high school drop-out from Inglewood (*cough* LAX). But the people at SNA are always very courteous. The amenities are also great here. Bathrooms are generally spotless. Free wifi. And since the renovation, they have a pretty great selection of restaurants to kick back at. Javier's is an awesome addition.Sure, you might say that it's a smaller airport and that's how they are able to perform so well. But that's BS in my opinion. Burbank is no John Wayne. Similarly, there are large airports like Hong Kong Aiport that do a far better job than places like LAX.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,4/13/2014,615,286,22,27,31>Rain brings with it many blessings. It nourishes the soil, moistens the tongue, and washes away the long lines at The Crema Cafe.Usually overflowing with people on sunny days, on a rainy day like today, we were able to immediately settle into a table indoors. You order and pay upfront first, but on busy days, you may want to assign someone in your group as a "table saver" while you order.I started the afternoon here with an elixir, a triple-shot cappuccino. It had a bite without being bitter and was finished with a moderate layer of foam.Then came the main dish, Corned Beef, with sunny-side-up eggs to brighten up the gloomy day on top of shredded corned beef. The sour cream on top was overdone but can easily be scraped off. The corned beef was a bit on the dry side, but the entree was solid over all.The Spinach Potato Soup needed some salt, and the Carnitas Benedict was drenched in hollandaise sauce (more scraping off). The carnitas was not shredded but served as a thick, flavorful slice. The food could use some smoothing around the edges but was satisfactory overall. With soft music filling the background and sounds of conversation saturating the foreground, The Crema Cafe becomes an idyllic shelter for a stormy day. The sight of umbrella-less Californians running across the street as the drizzling intensifies provides extra entertainment.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/12/2014,1002,451,16,28,21>I been driving by this place every day and always wondered if it's good. Finally decided to go despite the okay reviews. I'm glad I did. It's located on Brookhurst and Hazard behind the car wash. We went with s group of 5 and ordered two hot pots. Prices are $12.75 per pot and they each comes with one side of either rice/Vermincelli/noodle/udon. The Vermincelli is actually the clear noodles not the white noodles. They also have a sauce bar where you can get extra sauce like soy sauce, 2 different satay sauces, fish sauce, Sriracha and a few other sauces. There is also fresh green onions, cilantro, chopped garlic and chili. Each pot already comes with veggies, seafood and meat but if you want extra toppings, they are $0.50-$2.00 each depending on what you get.We ordered the Satay and Tom Yum soup because of the waitress recommendation. The soup I liked the most was the Tom yum soup. The Satay soup was also good but the Tom Yum was perfectly spicy for me. I can't eat too much spicy though.The Tom Yum soup was perfectly sour with lots of veggies. I do wished it had more meat and fish balls but I guess you can always order more if you want it. Also, you get one free Thai tea with your yelp check in! Water and ice tea here is free too!Usually when we want hot pot, we would go to The Red Pot that's $20 AYCE (All You Can Eat) but that's too much food for me do here is fine and its right across the street from my house =) I would recommend this place to my friends to try. It's like boiling point but you get a bigger pot and the soup doesn't come out boiling so people who doesn't like their veggies super soggy, this place is better. I love to take my time eating my hot pot and since it doesn't come out boiling, I can enjoy it better here. I would like to come back and try the Sweet and sour traditional Vietnamese soup here next time though.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/11/2014,329,190,25,35,30>Before the food trends and crazes of Krispy Kreme, frozen yogurt, blueberry donuts, and milk pudding boba, a small idea of an all you can eat $9.99 sparked and ignited the Korean BBQ restaurant industry. I felt like it was 2004 all over again. A small place called Mr. Lee's introduced the concept of an all you can eat $9.99 brisket and pork belly restaurant. The idea was revolutionary. It made mouths drop wide open. It made heads turn and question if it was real meat. Recent high school graduates like me flocked to Mr. Lee's any chance we got because it was budget friendly and Korean BBQ was a crowd favorite. Ultimately, it made other current Korean BBQ restaurants think long and hard. Eventually, most of them turned into all you can eat as well. While other imitation $9.99 all you can eats sprang up like frozen yogurt shops. However, Mr. Lee's couldn't come up with an efficient way of maintaining consistency in the service and food category and now there are so many rules that I cannot remember or even want to remember. For example one rule I do remember is that if you have only 2 people including yourself eating there, the rule is that they have to bring the cooked meat to you. Due to the combination of the service, rules and regulations, I haven't been there since 2010.As for Red Palace which took place of another KBBQ restaurant that went out of business, there is a brand new player in the ball park and a whole new playing field. Literally a block down from Mr. Lee's on Bloomfield, it is Gen quality service with an affordable price. There are 3 options to choose from (I chose the first option):All the sauces were on the table! As a sauce lover and sauce enthusiast this was a major plus! I hate requesting for sauce over and over again. No sauce problem here. Beef brisket sauce, hot sauce, salt and pepper, and another sauce. Sesame oil has to be requested. $9.99 Beef brisket, beef bulgogi (marinated beef), marinated chicken, beef belly, pork steak (pork chops), pork belly. $12.99All of the above plus spicy pork, beef rib finger meat, small intestines, marinated squid, pork cheeks, prime chuck tail flap, black angus top sirloin. (More sides likes steamed egg, etc)$17.99All of the above plus marinated boneless ribs, beef tongue, boneless short rib cubes, the three bone beef short ribs, marinated shrimp. (More sides likes steamed egg, etc)Here's my take on the $9.99 menu option:1. Beef belly - One of my favorite cuts of meat especially when I go to Gen BBQ. I was actually surprised that they had this cut for the $9.99 option. Doesn't taste like the lower quality frozen beef brisket you tend to get at Mongolian BBQs or other $9.99 KBBQs. The beef belly has more fat which translates to being more tender and juicer. It's like comparing rib eye steak to other cuts of steak. Think of this: more fat, the more juicer it gets. 2. Beef brisket - Leaner and a good alternative to the beef belly.3. Pork belly - A very thick cut. I personally don't crave for pork belly, but when I do I like the thinner cuts. But since the wife likes pork belly, we ordered it. 4. Didn't try the rest. Not a huge fan of bulogi (marinated beef). Bulgogi tends to get rather watery when cooked. The whole restaurant is small and there will be a wait. Try to get there as early as possible. If you have a big group, remember to tell them to come on time! No Asian time! Plan ahead for a no wait experience! For example, 11 am for lunch or 4 to 5 pm for dinner. I came at 5:30 pm on a Sunday night and I had to wait 30 minutes. Inside, music is bumped up. I requested a server to turn it down, but unfortunately, he said he couldn't which was a let down. ServiceThe service was exceeded the typical Korean restaurant service 10 times over. Most $9.99 have the worst service imaginable like Hwang So Go Jip in La Palma and Ma Dang Sae in Lakewood. Those restaurants try to avoid you and it's like a slap in the face. Never again will I set foot in those two places. However, Red Palace made a change. They value something called SERVICE. Every employee there was scrambling around bringing more meat to all the guests. Sam and Mrs. Chung, a kind Korean server with no tag and another server with no tag catered to me and my wife during our dine in experience. I requested more side dishes, more salad, more beef belly and all of them was brought to our table immediately. Mrs. Chung was very down to earth and chatted with us during our time there. I appreciated her warm hospitality and was always asking us if we needed anything. I can't believe it's been a decade since the idea of a $9.99 changed the culture of Korean BBQ. Just like Mr. Lee's back in the day, Red Palace is the new "it" place. I have faith ownership and management will maintain the food and service because they set the bar so high already. Red Palace, I am amazed and astonished by your food and gracious servers. You helped me to believe again when there was no hope.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,4/10/2014,1010,796,34,42,41>Two words: Godiva Flight.If you're looking to take a break and relax in the midst of all the Disneyland madness, then Cove Bar will definitely hit the spot. It's located in the nook of California Adventure, with views of Paradise Bay (Mickey's Fun Wheel, California Screamin'). More times than not, they will have a line just to get into the bar. It's definitely worth the wait!Godiva Liqueur Flight -- You get three half-ounce pours of Godiva Liqueur: Chocolate, White Chocolate, and Caramel. On top of all that greatness, you get a nice plump strawberry in each glass with a droplet dispenser, filled with liqueur. So this is how the flight goes. Take the shot, then take a bite out of that strawberry. As you're biting the strawberry, squeeze the dispenser so you're getting the Godiva Liqueur at the same time. When talking chocolate, white chocolate is my favorite so the white chocolate Godiva easily hit the spot. Zombie -- This drink literally consists of 70% of the different liqueurs they carry at the bar! When I had been told the zombie was just a concoction of everything, I called BS! Maaaybe 2-3 different liqueurs but our bartender just kept going from one bottle to the next! Get this drink if you're looking for something strong or if you're looking to have some fun!Great little bar, great atmosphere, and it's outside! You basically have front seats to all that's going on around the pier. So sit back, relax, and enjoy the drinks at Cove Bar!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/8/2014,1059,357,40,48,44>I think it was probably a very good thing I first visited this place after eating KBBQ lunch or I probably would have left with 20 things.   Located in the same shopping center as H-Mart, it is tucked in the corner of the shopping area on Garden Grove Blvd. Like a lot of Asian bakeries, you take a tray, liner and tongs and start perusing at all the cases of sweets and breads.  My niece was with us and I asked her what she wanted.  She was mesmerized by all the pastries and desserts especially all the ones with strawberries.  There were breads, pastries, cheesecakes, macarons. yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…  A little bit of everything.  They had refrigerated cases with beautiful cakes.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…  Our take ended up having a macaron, garlic bread, a harmonica pastry filled with strawberries and a giant macaron.  We also purchased a cream-filled donut with strawberries.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…  My niece loved her fruit tart and Mark enjoyed his donut and harmonica loaded with strawberries.  I thought the raspberry jam filled Le Grand Macaron was delicious.  I enjoyed the fruit filling.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…  The even had cronuts here.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pari…  I found myself using a lot of self-restraint at this place but like I said my stomach was full of Korean BBQ from minutes before which helped curb my purchases.If you want to enjoy your sweets in store, there is a banquette sitting area.  They have shave ice and many types of coffee drinks to order, also.  Staff was basically all behind the counter to help with purchases in the refrigerated cases and ring you up.Look forward to coming back some time to try one of their beautiful cakes and some of their many other yummy desserts.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,4/7/2014,1968,2065,37,44,42>Free Pizza?Nope. But they do have Gluten Free!This open and family style restaurant, in my opinion, is the best restaurant in the immediate area. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is very clean with an open feeling which is great for your whole family.Pizza-4 Stars!So, you won't get free pizza here. You do you get a freshly prepared Pizza with very fresh ingredients.  I ordered more of a custom pizza which did include the gluten free dough, ground beef meatballs, pepperoni, sausage, basil, and garlic. This made everyone in the party happy.Spinach Salad 4-StarsThe spinach salad, quite costly, was pretty good and the spinach was very fresh. I ordered a half portion to go which I snuck into the local theater. Even with its hefty the price, I still saved a penny or two.  so, while the cost is a bit on the high end, you will get a nice open and airy restaurant with great ambiance and super clean eating environment. You also get happy smiles from the staff and super fresh ingredients. This is not my favorite pizza but I am a fan overall.What is free in life? Not much! Spin does have Gluton free pizza dough and the friendly smiley service you get is free, too!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,4/6/2014,339,104,10,16,13>Went here for their 2013 Black Friday sale. I originally hear about them through my Facebook feed and found out it was pretty local to where I live.Location is pretty easy to navigate to via Google Maps and parking lot was huge with plenty of spaces to park in. The store itself is tucked away in the corner of the plaza, which seems very dead and isn't easily seen from the road. I wish the property manager would put their name on the billboard outside.Anyway, going in, I was very impressed with all the inventory that was in display. Things are nicely categorized and displayed in a pretty intuitive manner. After I got my bearings straight, it wasn't too difficult to figure out where everything was. Very diverse variety of merchandise for every type of hydroponics.Since I was going for the DWC method (Deep Water Culture) of hydroponics, I will review on what I got. First, the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I got to spend time with Jack who helped me pick out supplies for my first adventure into hydroponics. I told him I was limited on space and budget and was planning to grow herbs and veggies indoors like basil and spinach. He educated me on the essentials in terms of equipment, nutrient control, lighting and maintenance. We ended up getting:RockwoolLiquid fertilizerpH testing kitNet potsHydrotonsAir pumpAir stonesTubingIt all came out to be a reasonable price even BEFORE the 30% discount from their Black Friday sale plus he even gave me a goodie bag of sample items!Price-wise it was really competitive with eBay and Amazon. The only way Amazon was a little better was if I bought all that stuff from Amazon Prime but then I'd have to wait for shipping time and not been able to talk to a live person.Overall, most definitely recommend if you are adventuring into soil-less gardening like me. Hopefully my veggies will be super buff in 2014!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/5/2014,329,499,13,21,16>I saw this branch on the new business openings on Yelp and I knew I had to pay a visit. I love 7 Leaves and I know their drinks are always on point. I ordered my usual mung bean milk tea & taro milk tea. The mung bean never disappoints and the taro has real taro bits inside. I love the quality of drinks at 7 Leaves. They don't make it from powder like other boba shops. Right when I walked in I noticed they sell food! I got so excited I wrote the list down so here it goes: Duck Buns, Wasabi Fried Shrimp, Chicken Wings, Popcorn Chicken, Garlic Fries, Spring Rolls. They're all fairly priced around $2-5. I walked in at 9:50 and I tried ordering garlic fries but they said their kitchen closes around 9:30-9:40. What a bummer! I will be back to try the garlic fries though. The second best thing about this location is the seating & room. MUCH LARGER than the first location and there are plenty of seats for customers to enjoy their drinks + snacks. I always got my drinks to go at the other location but I definitely can enjoy my drink at this branch now. Parking is also great here! Another plus, it's right off the 22 fwy! Will definitely be back soon :) this will be my go to location.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,4/4/2014,442,290,21,29,22>Much comparison has been done between Tender Greens, Urban Plates, and Lemonade, which are part of a fast casual dining trend that I call "haute cafeteria." The general concept is pretty simple: you grab a tray (or one is given to you) and select whatever fancy renditions of cafeteria cuisine you desire. You can also order fancy lemonade or tea, craft beer, or wine when you pay the cashier at the end. It's a more refined iteration of the Chipotle model, and it seems to be catching on with increasing popularity, especially in Irvine and Newport Beach.While the quality of the food is certainly better than most cafeterias, it still varies widely from place to place. Of the restaurants mentioned above, Tender Greens is actually my favorite. The menu is more limited than Urban Plates and Lemonade, but for a reasonable $11 you get a generous plate of well-prepared food. The quality of the food is also very high, and the flavors are clean and fresh.I really love their Salami & Kale Salad. It is both indulgent and healthy at the same time. The baby kale is nicely bitter without being too bitter. And the salami provides of punch of salty cured flavor.The Tuna Nicoise Salad is also a winner. It puts the Urban Plates version to shame. The ahi is perfectly seared, and the flavors are clean and distinct. One thing that needs to said about Tender Greens is that they never over-dress their salads, which I highly applaud.Of their hot plates, it's hard to pick a favorite; I have enjoyed all of them thus far. I love the Herb Brushed Albacore. It's perfect when I want to eat healthily, and it always comes out perfectly rare. The Backyard Marinated Steak is also very tasty, and the meat is much more tender than that at Urban Plates. I do find the Fried Chicken a tad underseasoned though, but a few turns from the salt grinders by the cashier usually does the trick. The crust is surprisingly crunchy, and the chicken is tender and juicy.To be honest, I cannot count how many times I have eaten at Tender Greens. I usually default to this place when I'm hungry, don't feel like cooking, and want to eat something healthy in Irvine.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2007,5/23/2007,133,190,4,7,9>Unhealthy. To the core. Your arteries will harden just by waiting in line and looking at its customers. There is a 300 lb limit---you must weigh at least that to appreciate the dipped beef sandwiches. Or, if you have a soft spot (or, at least a hardened artery in your heart) for greasy sandwiches and chili fries, this is heaven, your nirvana. The mecca of the "finest" Chicago sandwich chain. I could go on and on about its alarming regulars (trust me, it's so shocking you'll probably run out of the joint  vowing to get on the treadmill once you get home), but  I won't. That parenthetical sardonicism was my last one.Moving on to its menu, you just have to try their sandwiches. What's the worst that can happen? Oh, right. Regardless, you can always repent at the gym on Sundays. Take a guilt free bite, because you'll love their soggy-breaded beef sandwich, and because you'll want to once you walk in and you smell the wafting aroma of greasy buns.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,5/22/2007,228,125,,6,8>i just realized that i havent reviewed any sushi joints.with sushi i dont like to fuck around. if im in the westside, i'll eat at sushi tenn (traditional), zo (a bit too sushi nazi), mori (a bit too trendy) and sometimes kiriko (a bit too precious). if im in little tokyo, i go to sushi gen. if im in OC, its all about kasen, which is in fact, my favorite sushi place in all of southern california....ill agree with mihoko on the chirashi. its my favorite thing to get, and what an unbeatable deal. it might even be better than the sushi gen sashimi lunch deal, which is nearly impossible to beat...well, you get most of the premium stuff in the chirashi: uni, mirugai, awabi, toro, etc. the only thing is the grade of the toro used to be considerably better. in fact i used to consistently get two grades of toro. nowadays its one grade of pretty decent toro. so i guess i'd downgrade the chirashi from HOLY SHIT! to WOW! lunch is cheaper than dinner. people seem to forget that sushi at its most fundamental is largely about the rice (the fish is a topping), and kasen gets it right. its always delicious.the chef and his wife(?) are super awesome, and it totally makes me feel like i just stumbled into a neighborhood sushi joint off a side street of shimokita.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2007,5/21/2007,81,18,10,6,5>I guess I'm going to be the one who honestly didn't like this place.  I'm used to these types of Chinese restaurants, and my favorite one is right down the street, to which I will do a review on that next.  To be fair, I won't mention it in this review.Well, last night I went to Canaan with my wife Steph, it was our four year anniversary, and we bought into the hype the other reviewers were putting out.  We ordered the value family meal, and chose Three Delights, Kung Pao Shrimp, and Lion's Head (meatball and cabbage).   It was okay, I thought it was pretty nice, actually.The green onion "pancake" was delicious as well.  And the guy running the place seemed nice enough, though he was definitely giving me the "Jesus freak" vibe as he was standing next to a sign that said, "God bless you" on it (which was probably more noticeable after reading Vincent's review).The bad stuff happened AFTER we left.  It has got to be the weirdest case of food poisoning I've ever had!  We went to rent a movie and in the video store, both of our stomachs started churning.  So we both ran for the car and went home.No diarrhea, no vomiting, though it felt like we were going to do both.  All we had was large quantities of gas.  She kept burping (and probably farting, but she wouldn't admit it), and I was passing gas like crazy.  I still feel kind of crappy right now.I'm pretty sure that this DOESN'T happen all the time, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  And they were pretty fast ... maybe too fast.  None the less, my rating still must reflect my disappointment at getting sick (and stinking up my house with farts).  So what caused it?  I'm not sure.Perhaps God doesn't like me, and the owner sensed it, and put a little something extra in the cabbage and meatballs?Or perhaps there's an extra ingredient in the shrimp that made my ass say the "Pow" in "Kung Pao".  Or perhaps they left out part of the name in Three Delights ... and One Undelightful Side Effect.We don't know what it was, but first impressions are a bitch, and this was one hell of a bitchy first impression.  Check out my next review to find a place that isn't a stink bomb, and does not have a history of ruining anniversaries.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2007,5/20/2007,70,35,7,7,8>This place has one of the best juke boxes I've ever seen! I play a game with my boyfriend where I try to stump him by selecting a song that he doesn't know, or doesn't know the artist...but he always wins : [The best seat in the house is directly to your left as soon as you walk in. It's nice a cozy and separate from everyone else. Good for couple *wink wink*. The staff is friendly, the drinks are good, and the clientele always seems down to earth. We have had some good conversations with strangers here. I have to hold back one star because the last time I was there we actually wanted to eat, they had the menus out so we assumed there was a waitress but no one ever came to take our order. I think we ended up getting taco bell that night. All I'm saying is if you are gonna but menus out, you better have a server.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2007,5/19/2007,124,153,7,4,6>Ay Ay Ay!!! Los Compadres es un mejor restaurante mexicano en Long Beach. (Did I say that right?)High Five #1 goes out to Los Compadres for being next to Tacos Chapala. They are tough competition as far as tacos go, but you stand your ground in so many ways! Homemade tortillas! Amazing guacamole! Fresh chips and salsa! MARIACHI!!!!!  En fuego! En Fuego!High Five #2 goes out to Los Compadres bartender. My cadillac margarita while slightly pricey ($8.95) was 97% booze and worth every penny. Talk about a heavy pour. Ai chihuahua!High Five #3 goes out to Los Compadres staff. They are all very friendly, helpful, and attentive despite how busy they were. They were patient with our ordering and didn't seemed annoyed that we paid with three types of payment.  I love it when people are happy at work.High Five #4 goes out to Los Compadres cleanliness. The bathrooms were clean, the tables were clean, and I noticed how well they kept up on removing plated from a neighboring large party.Great Mole! The Mixto something or other (big bowl with salsa, chorizo, chicken, shrimp, carnitas, and fried cheese) was amazing. I would've liked more beans, but I just know to ask for extra next time. Great for large parties! Kid Friendly! Me gusta mucho!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2006,5/18/2007,418,67,8,5,6>Zipangu! Wow ! In the OC? Saved me a trip to LA for that more expensive Sushi Roku. I am amazed by the caliber of this place. This place is smooth just like Miami Vice in the 80's. Everything right on the dot with the cuts of fish, and the freshness, my stomach says yes and my date says sex after this! I tried the tako ceviche (this is my favorite small dish)  and  main entre was the New York steak with ponzu sauce and to top of the night with lady friend.The ambiance is a nice Asian post modern style lounge tucked away at the LAB in Costa Mesa . Cool to impressed cocooned bubble girls from the OC who don't know sushi from taco meat. Well anyways all in all I am going back to this hipster-sushi lounge for that ceviche and try other delicaies on the menu. FYI: Price is going to break your wallet if you don't know how to order correctly, but this by far is the best in the OC for Japanese inspired restaurant and that I have not talked bad about.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2007,5/17/2007,17,56,7,5,4>This place really knows how to throw a party for the youngsters! They've got a crew that'll make you take your shoes off, and dance like Mymo the monkey! What's that? You wanna hear the Peanut Butter and Jelly song? You got it! My gym is great for kids of practically all ages, starting with littlin's as young as 3 months up to 13 year olds. Im no creep, and I dont have kids yet... but my wife does work here... i swear. I'd hang out at this place too if only I were young enough : (
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2007,5/16/2007,63,36,10,9,9>Slowly but surely I'm working my way to my "FIRST" Yelp List...  So this review will take me another step closer to making that list!!!(The True & Original) M&M Soul Food Restaurants***NOTE*** This is another wonderful establishment that has fallen victim to IMITATORS  (Read my review on Back Home in Lahaina) like the one on Cherry in Long Beach...that one is NOT in any way connected or related to the "ORIGINAL M&M SOUL FOOD" restaurants.  Okay, now that that's out of the way...Let's talk about BRAISED SHORT RIBS... (say it out loud, but slow it down a little and savor the sound in your ears sending messages to your brain to trigger your salivary glands into overdrive...)OhhhhEmmmmGeeee!!! Can I tell you how much I love this dish?  Eeeeeespecially here!  For half the price I've paid elsewhere (Kincaids) I get 5Xs the portion!  Okay I admit that's a lot of meat, but that's why they have doggy-bags/styro-boxes!!! HELLOOO!You get a choice of three sides, they don't skimp on the portions here either!  So much food, you need a seperate plate just for the sides!  So, I got my plate of SHORT RIBS smothered in a YUMMMMY Gravy, and my second plate filled to overflowing with Rice (and MORE GRAVY), Collard Greens,Mac 'n Cheese.  On the table are beautiful fluffy mini Cornbread muffins slathered with melting butter... Uhhh!!! Do YOU Feel ME?!?!?! DAAAYYAAMMM!!!  Okay, so yea... this is a Heart Attack waiting to happen... But at least I'll die with a BIG A$$ SMILE on my face!!!    The location I frequent the most is the one in Lakewood on Carson Street by Cal Bowl.  Other locations in Carson, 2 in L.A., Palmdale, and Las Vegas.  These are the ORIGINAL "Mississippi Mary and Venni Mac's M&M Soul Food Restaurants"  Accept No Imitators!(as far as rude/bad service... I've never had a problem!)Order the Short Ribs!  Give me your left overs!!!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2007,5/15/2007,84,244,8,11,6>Marginal three stars. I would have made it two stars, but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, since I don't completely remember all of the first day we were on the cruise due to sucking down 3.5 alcoholic drinks right before dinner. Can we say...intoxication??  I think I remember having a good time....Anyways, how to describe this cruise....well, if you mix a Reno(I'm not talking Vegas here, I'm talking RENO) casino/hotel circa 1980, some spring break circa 1996, some college dorm life circa 1994, throw in a lot of REALLY bad wedding food and add a bit of claustrophobia...well then there you have it. Your Carnival Cruise fun ship! We recently took a family vacation to celebrate a birthday on the Carnival Cruise ship, Paradise, down to Ensenada for 3 days. The cruise calls this area the "Mexican Riviera", which is just a euphemism for Baja California, aka California's wang. You arrive in Long Beach where the boat is harbored. Sign away your credit card, hop on the boat, oh but first you have to take some cheesy pictures, and then let the good times roll! (Note: there are a LOT of cheesy/staged picture moments.)The particular boat we were on contained about 2000 passengers. There are bars, shopping, casinos, dancing, shows, 24 hour food, etc. You're at sea the first night, and the next day, you are in the sad city of Ensenada. There really is nothing to see here. Unless you're into getting wasted at bars like Husong's or Papa's and Beer. I think I would have rather stayed on the boat and gotten a massage. The evening after frolicking around Ensenada, is a formal dinner. You are requested to dress up for this event, however I did see some very casually dressed people. The final day is a "fun day at sea", which basically means the boat is treading water about 30 miles off the coast of Long Beach, and the passengers are allowed to roam the boat. This was actually quite a boring day, some of the family members thought that there could have been more activities scheduled.  Finally, a few things that weren't clear to me, that I wish I had known before getting on the boat: 1) You can't use cash on this boat. They give you a personal credit card that acts as a key, and ID and as a personal credit card. This all in one card is connected to your own credit card. But be careful, we ended up charging this thing up, it's very easy to do! 2) Tip is included in everything! They will automatically charge your card. So you really don't have to tip separately, unless you do a spa treatment. Also the Matre d' in the dining room was not included in the overall tipping. So you can tip him/her on the last night of your cruise.3) The water on the boat tastes like crap. Bring your own bottled water or else pay $3.50 for a small bottle of water on the boat! All in all, fun times were had. Great memories with family. But I don't think I would do this particular cruise line again. Too cheesy, too dated, too much bad food.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,5/14/2007,110,317,3,10,8>the NAC is a laid-back place to get your kayak on. there's plenty of parking and there's a friendly staff person to sign you in as soon as you enter the building. the whole place oozes this warm, lived in feeling - kinda like your parents' cluttered guest room but with a marine twist. they also have these massive bottles of sunscreen at the counter available in case you forgot to bring your own. the check-in guy also re-assured me that they rarely have had a person tip their boat: Whoooooooo, that's a good sign!! I still didn't bring my cam out with me, im no fool. They offer nighttime kayaking trips, very cool i want to check that out one day. we ended up with two single kayaks and one double, i'm so glad i got a single after watching our friends flounder a bit trying to coordinate their paddling in the double. Once they figured out a system though, they were a force to reckon with.  the water is calm, no need to worry about surf knocking you over and trust me, you don't want to fall into this murky water. the trickiest part is probably the sand bars, you get too close and you'll be stuck in the mud. Most definitely wear sunscreen, and if it's breezy bring a jacket. you're gonna get wet and a little sandy so bring extra clothes. if you got water-socks wear 'em, it make life a little easier. map quest it before you go, the directions on the website are crap. we drove around for 20 minutes looking for Dover st. :(  don't go on a hungry tummy, like us - we were ravenous T-rexes after an hour and twenty minutes of paddling.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,11/3/2013,1059,357,39,45,43>Happy to see a new Vietnamese restaurant add some variety to Foothill Ranch dining. I liked the look of the place with the dark wood  in the dining area.  yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  There are cool, large, black and white pictures decorating the wall. yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  I knew the moment I walked in and saw that picture that I wanted to be like that little girl and have one of their powder sugary beignets :)This restaurant is an order at the counter and get your food delivered to you type of place.   You choose your base of your meal such as rice, noodle, sandwich or salad and then go from there by picking the type of meat you want and also pick a side.  You can also order a la cart off their Banh Mi/sandwich menu or get soup or order from a variety of spring rolls. They also offer a kids' menu. Hot, fresh rolls are brought to the table after ordering. yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  On my first visit here I ordered the Lemongrass Beef with noodles (Bun).  yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  It was delicious and refreshing on a warm summer evening.   The beef was flavorful and as atop a bed of noodles with daikon and carrot and I was given sauce for pour over it all.  We also got the Dunk and Dip Tri-tip sandwich which was tri-tip with Provolone and crispy onions and grilled peppers with a Asian dipping sauce.  yelp.com/biz_photos/elev… That was tasty, also.  On a subsequent visit, I order the Special Banh Mi with a side of shrimp chips. yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  The owner told us that everything in the sandwich was made in-house from the pickled daikon/carrots on top to the bread to the pate.  You could taste the homemade love here.  It was delicious.  Don't forget to try their freshly made beignets, here, also.  I would recommend eating them in the restaurant straight out of the fryer.  They do not make these French pillows of powder sugary goodness until you are ready to eat them to ensure freshness.  This was my first foray into beignets, so I have nothing really to compare them too, but I thought these fritters were yummy. yelp.com/biz_photos/elev…  Hope you aren't wearing black clothing when you order these because that powdered sugar gets everywhere!Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Nice to see a family-owned business bringing some great food to Foothill Ranch.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/2/2013,476,180,13,16,15>Golden Dragon is fantastic for two reasons:1) Wonderful, friendly staff2) Delicious foodJesse D. and I satisfy our chinese cravings here and we've always been satisfied. The people who own the place make you feel like family. When we enter, we are often welcomed in by a sweet older lady who once grabbed Jesse's hand and said "Are you hungry? Let's EAT!" as she led us to the table. It was awesome and adorable. My favorite thing here is the SHRIMP FRIED RICE ($7.75)! I've not found anything that compares... it is packed full of shrimp with shrimp flavor throughout. I crave it often... dream about it even. I've had the Walnut Shrimp ($14.95) which is decent, but definitely a SWEET dish. I didn't like it at first, but I ate all of it (including the leftovers I took home) and I still find myself thinking about it from time to time... wanting more. I don't know what this food is laced with, but I think I'm addicted. I don't remember what else I've had, but everything has been great. Also, Jesse and I ALWAYS order the house special egg rolls (egg skin, mushroom, shrimp, pork, vegetables, 4/ $9.25). They are delicious, especially with that spicy mustard! I also LOVE the tea!I don't think there is anything wrong with this place... When we go, we know we will have a great meal and take plenty of leftovers home. Great price, great service and great food! I LOVE IT!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,11/1/2013,587,527,16,26,22>Expect to find the unexpected in a rundown strip mall on Knott Avenue. Warning if you are coming here do not rely on your GPS it will send you all over the place!Instead just know that it is on Knott Avenue and the cross street is Cerritos; you know you are in the right spot when you see the laundry mat and the windowless bar to your right. We arrived here on a Sunday afternoon; we were greeted and told to seat ourselves. We were given menus and our drink order was taken:  two Thai ice teas.Our server gave us more than enough time to look over the menu before she came back to take our order. I ordered the all day special, which is $6.95. Fifteen items to choose from includes soup (which I never got), salad, pot-stickers, and rice. Thai style chicken BBQ looks good so I ordered that.Our Thai Ice teas were delivered to our table in medium mason jars whoa really? All of this for $2.00, very awesome!This restaurant is family owned and is on the smaller side. Takeout and delivery is an option here, which is nice if you do not want to dine in. Unfortunately, no restroom was in sight that is how small this place is! The salad was brought to our table first, was not too bad, loved the dressing, which was on the light side.The bbq chicken was okay, I had a couple of bones here and there and some extra stringy chicken skin that I just pushed to the side of my plate, the pot-stickers were delightful and I wish I had more , the sauce to dip them in was not only good but also went well to dip my chicken in too!! Our waters and ice teas were filled each time our server came by! Not too many places will re fill your Thai ice teas as much as this place does!The restaurant is awesome, and I cannot wait to come back to try other yummy items from their menu!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,10/31/2013,880,554,23,28,26>iKneadLove- What a clever name for a business and a perfect venue to showcase one's passion for baking! Love the play on words and the tasty treats too!  Upon entering the bakery I knew that this would have been the perfect spot to hang out between college classes. Nice comfy chairs and Disney music playing in the background, CSU Fullerton and Chapman students you guys are pretty lucky to have this spot so close to school! I for one could picture myself with a book in one hand and a scone in the other. The dried cranberry scone is my favorite. It's not only in a playful shape of a heart but it also has just the perfect amount of sweetness to a light afternoon snack.  The lemon bar here is also extremely delicious. One of the most popular items here and with a tag-line like this: fresh-baked treats made from the heart- the home-made taste really shines. Chef Melissa also prides herself in her breads and I look forward to swinging by on a Saturday for a fresh loaf of Brioche bread. On a random note, if you observe Jewish customs or just enjoy eating challah Chef Melissa also makes it fresh every Friday!   Lastly, for all the yelpers out there, be sure to "check-in" so you can get your free goodie bag and tell Chef Melissa that I sent ya there! I mean who doesn't love samples and we all "knead love" :D
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,10/30/2013,1027,405,21,25,23>Located in the tucked away Old World Village in Huntington Beach, you will find an awesome new business called The Speakeasy.  The name itself is reminiscent of the 1920s-1930s.  A speakeasy is an establishment that illegally sells alcoholic beverages during the Prohibition era, where any sort of alcohol sale, consumption, or manufacture was banned.It's a throwback to the golden years in American history.  The vibe here is relaxed with a little bit of "Cheers" thrown in.  I was able to meet one of the owners, Tina, who is such a sweetheart.  She was very accomodating and down-to-earth.  My friend Alvin has been here a couple times before and raved about it..that's why he took me here.  When we came, it just barely opened, so it was a bit empty.  I'm sure as it gets later into the night, it will be bustling.  The food options here remind me of another gastropub, Lola Gaspar, but at a fraction of the price.As for the food, we tried the Pork belly with arugula, bacon wrapped dates, filet mignon skewers, mac & cheese with bacon bits.  These are tapas, but we definitely got full off of these.  Every dish was great.  I also appreciate the fact that they separate the goat cheese from the bacon wrapped dates and serve it on the side, so those who are lactose intolerant can appreciate this wonderful dish. The prices are very wallet friendly, so I recommend coming in a group of 2 or more and sharing.  I also paired my food with a glass of Riesling, which was delicious.  We also got to know one of the waitresses who I believe who name was Erin, such a doll.  She bascially told us about the history of how everyone met.  I really like this place and wish it much success in the future.  It's a bit small, but it feels very homey, and the owners, waitresses, staff, make it all the more worthwhile.  Thank you so much for a good time and hope to see you soon!!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/28/2013,480,320,32,36,34>Although we hadn't been to this Chart House location in many years, we thought the food and views were as good as we remembered on our recent visit here. With the other Chart House (Newport Beach) closing recently, this location is now even more popular than ever!We started off with the Stuffed Mushrooms yelp.com/biz_photos/char… and split a Caesar Salad  yelp.com/biz_photos/char… .My husband and I agreed that the mushrooms were delicious. Seasoned to perfection, they were a wonderful way to start our meal. The salad had yummy croutons and a rich, creamy dressing. We also thought the bread was great as well yelp.com/biz_photos/char… .My husband ordered the Prime Rib yelp.com/biz_photos/char… . He thought his steak was really delicious. I ordered the Macadamia Crusted Mahi yelp.com/biz_photos/char… . Served with a wonderful peanut sauce and mango relish, this was a great dish. I was really impressed with how the peanut sauce complimented the fish so well. My son ordered the traditional Chicken Tenders and fries and thought his meal was great too yelp.com/biz_photos/char… .The service was really good here. It was a Saturday night, and this place was crowded. Even though the Chart House was packed, the service was excellent. Our server was friendly and helpful. Our food was served quickly, and our drinks were filled in a timely fashion. The wait staff was constantly checking to see if we needed anything.It was so nice to be back at a restaurant that was as good as we remembered. With those incredible views, good food, and wonderful customer service, this will probably be one of favorite "special occasion" restaurants! yelp.com/biz_photos/char…
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,10/27/2013,1001,659,36,41,38>I like wine but don't know much about it, can't keep track of all the names or types of wines, there are just way too  many!  So it's great to go to a place and leave it to the experts!  Our server was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and on point when it came to getting us the right one to tantalize our palettes.  I love that the menu has a great array of yummy munchies perfect with wine!  And I don't mean just cheese and crackers!  We're talking cheese, crackers, baked brie, meatballs, fried goat cheese, paninis, empanadas, crab cakes, soups, salads .... No wonder I love this place, it appeals to the foodie in me!!  I want to try everything!The decor totally adds to the whole wine vibe!  Classy, cool and chill with racks of wine bottles circling the tables, stools, leather couches and bar area, oh and they even have a patio in the back.  Different seating areas to match whatever mood you're in!  They also have beer; however, it's wine all the way for me here!  It's just too nice of a place to just have beer .... Beer is great at a casual bar with greasy junk food, IMO.This place is all about service, service, service!!  Thanks, guys, I really appreciate your attention to the importance of service and its part in making the experience great!  Keep it up!  .... this may be my new fav. spot in DTF!  Thanks, Juan, for leading the way here!  Great pick!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,10/26/2013,1193,763,21,30,22>Healthy Chinese food?Get the heck outta here!That's what I thought when I first heard about Fortune Cookies. But the truth is they DO serve some of the healthiest and tastiest Chinese food I've ever had.I've been on Weight Watchers for the past few months (Gotta get in Bikini shape) and it's been difficult finding non-chain places to dine out at. Thank goodness for Yelp. Because of this site I found Fortune Cookies, a decent sized, sit down or take out Chinese joint that actually lists all their nutritional info on their website. I've been here a few times now and I've tried a handful of things on their large menu. For my WW peeps, this place is a great spot. They have some dishes that will only set you back 8 to 10 points. Their lettuce wrap appetizer, which is delicious, is only 4 points for the WHOLE dish. AMAZING.These are just some of the dishes my wife and I have ordered, along with the total amount of points for the entire dish;Tofu Lettuce Wraps (4 points)Crispy Orange Chicken (14 points)Thai Spicy Chicken W/ Cashew (14 points)Garlic Chicken (10 points)Spicy Fortune Tofu (10 points)Egg Flower Soup (2 points)My favorite dish so far has been the spicy fortune tofu, which came with crispy pieces of tofu, bamboo shoots and raw jalapenos in a spicy black bean sauce. I never knew tofu could be so flavorful. It's an excellent dish. In all honesty though, almost everything I've ate has been excellent. Prices here are cheap and the service is always fast and friendly. Check this place out if you live in the area, especially if you're on Weight Watchers.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,10/25/2013,940,332,25,32,33>It's Oyster Time Folks! Tucked inside the newly erected hipster "eco-mall" aka OC Mart Mix, i would have easily missed this unassuming little bar. Luckily I had my trusty Yelp app handy and hazzahh, there it was in all it's "four star" glory!  As soon as my friends and I arrived, we noticed the restaurant was packed to the gills! Fortunately, we were invited to park it at the bar. Don't mind If do! it really was the best vantage point to watch the shucking masters do their magic. They boasted an extensive selection of domestic and imported beers that could easily satisfy any beer drinking aficionado.  With beers in tow, we started to peruse the large chalkboard menu located behind the bar.  In addition to a flight of oysters, we decided on the famous grilled cheese sandwich and clam chowder as the supporting cast. The melty clumps of gooey cheese oozing out of each decadent slice of grilled cheese was glorious and easily any cheese lover's dream come true! The chunky clam chowder was delicious, as well.  Each heaping spoonful was both substantial and very satisfying. The oysters were fresh and abso-friggin-lutely delicious! Heck, we were served a carefully crafted chef's selection of fine oysters from across the country and each one was a transcendent experience.  If I had to single one particular oyster out, it would have to be the Island Creek. Claimed to be served at the White House, this mouthwatering mollusk was one of the finest specimen I've enjoyed in a long while.All in all a great lunch experience I'd definitely oblige sooner than later!Happy Eats!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,10/24/2013,412,769,43,52,48>I work really close to this restaurant and have really been missing out by waiting this long to try it!  Had a lean cuisine waiting for me in the break room freezer but I figured "eff that" and decided to pick up some lunch here at MexicaZn.They have several proteins to choose from which you can have in taco, burrito, bowl, quesadilla, or sandwich form.  Meats are cooked to order and then there's a topping bar where they'll customize your selection.  I decided to go with a bowl and taco which was wrapped up very nicely.  Bowl was in a sturdy tinfoil bowl and taco was wrapped in foil keeping my lunch nice and hot until I got back to work.I started with a Korean BBQ beef taco which was topped with kimchi, onions, and cilantro.  Wonderful aromas similar to the many Korean restaurants I've eaten at so that was a good sign.  Beef was chopped into teeny tiny pieces which allowed the sauce to soak into the meat and for the steak to appear very tender.  I loved the combo of Korean BBQ marinade flavor along with the Mexican cilantro, onion, and salsa roja.  I've never tried Kogi so I can't compare, but I really loved the taco.Next I had the spicy pork & kimchi burrito bowl.  Unlike the Chipotle burrito bowls this place lines the bowl with an actual flour tortilla which I didn't eat since I did not want the extra calories.  My bowl came with steamed white rice, black beans, lettuce, pico de gallo, and a generous portion of perfectly grilled pork and lots of kimchi.  You can also get avocado and sour cream if you want.  Wow.... what a delicious frickin' bowl of yummy goodness. All the pork was tender with no chewy pieces and was saturated in Korean BBQ flavors with a hint of spicy to it.  The fusion of flavors really worked well together with sour kimchi, sweet and spicy pork, acidic pico de gallo, yum!.  Portion was was comparable to a Chipotle burrito bowl so I used it for my calorie counting.  I'll probably have a salad for dinner to play it safe :-PVery cool place.  I loved my first experience here and will definitely add it to my work lunch rotation.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,3/12/2009,1261,696,27,18,14>I came here yesterday to get a haircut, actually it was to just chop off all my hair. I've had long hair for a few years now, and I tend to just pull it up in a ponytail or bun it up...so I figure if it's short, I'll have to fix it up. Plus my bf is always playing with my long hair and it gets tangled and I get annoyed by it, so I'm chopping it off and I'll be tangle free. I actually read some reviews on yelp to help me decide where to cut my hair. I've never really paid much for a haircut, the last haircut I had was $20 at the Paul Mitchell School, before that I spent $10 from some Korean lady ... some ladies spend mucho dinero on hair...I'm not one of those, I figure I can use that money I saved on a haircut at a salon to buy some beers at the bar. Let me break it down for ya, $50 can get me:- The cheapest haircut at Empire Salon only- Haircut at Paul Mitchell School + 6 coronas at the bar- Haircut with Korean Lady + 2 cocktails + 3 redstripes at the barhmmm....I know, tough choice right?? "Horray Beer" However, since I haven't gone short for such a long time, I figure I'll stop being an alch-y and really try to work on my hair looking cute. I called Empire Salon on a Friday morning hoping to get an appointment sometime the following week. Man on the phone, "We have some openings today, if you'd like??" Hell yeah...I made my appointment at 5pm that same day. The man on the phone then asks, "We have different price ranges for haircuts..." I just interrupted with, "I'll take the cheapest haircut" No shame in my game. Then he informed me that it will be $50 but since I'm a new client, there is a discount, and I'm all about the discounts. So my total would be $40! Score!! I made it to my appointment with Melissa a few minutes past 5pm. The place is upstairs in a pretty crowded shopping center. But it is squished between a Houston's and Ruth's Chris, talk about steak heaven!! Anyways, back to hair...I arrived, they called up Melissa, I changed into a frocky thingy...and got settled in. Melissa was very nice and friendly. She went over what I wanted and began...I decided to donate my hair and the salon will take care of it. An hour later...I came out with a new look...I loved it. I think I still need to get used to the shortness, but overall I was very happy. And Melissa was great, she wasn't so pushy and she gave great advice for bangs, because bangs could be a pain in the ass at times. She was also cool with not pushing products on you, so I liked that. At the end I walked out of the salon with only $40 for the haircut and I put that money I saved towards the tip, so $50 total! Overall I was very happy, and I'll definitely be coming back again. Unless I'm short on cash, then I'll be going with the Korean lady haircut + 2 cocktails + 3 redstripes. Hey a girl's gotta drink!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,3/11/2009,438,417,13,20,15>I had a very enjoyable time there today. It was my first visit and I assume I will go back. I went with my wife. She got a no fat vanilla latte that tasted a bit burnt. I got the Mocha with whip creme which was excellent. The local art is a nice touch. The couches are really ugly but quite comfortable. They seem to keep their place at outdoor temperatures which I assume means this time of year could be pretty cold and in July would be brutally hot. I had a veggie wrap which was tasty but seemed a little bit high fat. It was really yummy but seemed like it was a bit swimming in either mayo or creamy dressing. I also had a piece of chocolate cake. It was choco cake, choco frosting, with chocolate chunks on it. It was delicious. It took about 3-5 mins for the wrap to be ready but I am not ever in a hurry in a coffee shop. I really enjoyed the couches with the coffee tables. I was very comfortable and enjoyed myself a great deal. As for the service - the girl was not overly friendly but was polite. She looked of the quiet, dark clothes, dark make-up variety but seemed nice enough. The service was good, efficient, if not happy. I wouldn't run in for a smile from the staff - but she was friendly enough. They have WiFi but I think it costs $1. They have outlets and I saw people with their laptops plugged in. And the little tables seem a good height for a laptop if your sitting on a couch. I did not see any Art on the wall I actually liked - but its cool that they have local art. They have street parking and a small lot in the back that is accessible via an alley. I am looking for a great independent owned coffee shop to have drinks, sit and read, etc...if you know of one - message me.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,3/10/2009,859,701,13,15,13>There's a nice selection of chocolates and candies here. I was happy to find Sour Patch Kids Watermelon candies and other items. Powell's carries a good selection of Jelly Bellies, bars of chocolate and truffles as well. They also have Gelato, which I did not try. Children would most likely be delighted by the store and adults, too.There is a good variety of sweets here. For those who like candy, it's worth a look. Powell's also has a location in Long Beach.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,3/9/2009,302,356,15,23,17>Read this review and run to Sorrento Grill tonight, it's the last night of their OC Restaurant Week menu, $30 for 3 courses. Went there last night with a group of 12 for a belated b-day dinner. Made the reservation a few weeks ago, and when I called twice to downsize, they were always really warm and friendly over the phone. Food roundup:Appetizers: ALL DELICIOUS and huge full-sized!*Gnocci - Seared crispy big gnocci, not in a goopy sauce, but light broth with asparagus.*Wood grilled ceasar - 2 big grilled romaine hearts with nice smoky flavor. Lots of olives, cheese, and croutons with a more vinaigrette-type dressing.*Calamari - Shaped in big "fries", tender and not chewy at all.*Musroom brushetta - Meltingly rich mushrooms with a bit of cheese served with crostini.Entrees (So big, a lot of us took doggie bags since apps were huge)*Salmon - Nice piece with crisp skin (topped with a piece of bacon) on top a yummy jus and lentils. Lentils were slightly al dente.*Stroganoff - Papparadelle with rich sauce of mushrooms and big chunks of medium filet. Very yummy.*Chicken breast - Juicy with potatoes and spinach. Desserts (so stuffed by now!)* Avalanche - Chocolate brownie with ice cream with caramel and chocolate sauces. Had salty nuts on top (hehe), which gave it a nice contrast of flavors. The brownie was just ok.* Apple tart - Chopped apples layered with light strusel on top. The cinnamon ice cream was excellent.Lowdown: The decor is nice with great lighting and can get a bit loud. OC Restaurant Week special was a great deal since most of their entrees on the menu run about $25 anyway. We got full sized portions too, no downsizing for the prix fixe. All the food was tasty and service from the hostess to server was great. My water glass never went beyond 1/2 empty. Can be pricey w/o the special. A solid 4.25 stars!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,3/8/2009,1018,364,38,33,30>It was 1978... I was wearing my favorite black georgette jumper and silver platform wedges... mah eyes were lined with glitter... mah smile bore cherry flavored gloss... He was wearing a pair of pants that hugged his ass and his shirt was open wide at the collar... we hit the town that night in search of meat... red meat... to be followed by some disco dancing. ...Ok, I take it back... it's 2008. The evening in question was last Saturday... and while I WAS certainly wearing a pair of platform wedges, sadly they weren't silver.I made reservations at La Cave last Tuesday to insure we would actually be able to Get In. We'd made several attempts sans rez in the past only to be informed of an hour plus wait. Not gonna happen tonight, my friends!We arrived shortly before our reservation to find a full house... Our hostess had her back to us for a good ten minutes... which is bothersome, honestly... but I remained calm and patient because I wanted to have a good evening... Finally, acknowledgment... we were told that it would be another twenty minutes or so... so we decided to make our way to the bar for drinks... the bar was equally a'buzz and it took a few approaches and retreats to find a spot where we would be noticed. I asked for a glass of champagne and the BF, a Crown and Coke. The bartender asked me if their house champagne was ok... I said sure since he didn't elaborate to what an alternate selection might consist of. We received our round... $14, not bad... and wandered to find a place to stand that would be out of the way until our table was ready...which thankfully wasn't long. I was feeling a bit awkward with a champagne flute in one hand and an empty bottle in the other... it would have been nice if the hostess had offered to dispose of it... since she did approach us several times to let us know it "wouldn't be long now" but... whaddya gonna do? We were shown to our table... a sweet little vinyl booth shaped in a semi circle, perfect for an intimate dining experience, which faces the floor of the restaurant and allowed us the opportunity to take in our surroundings... La Cave is dark... I mean opaque, man... I love lighting like this in a restaurant... because my imagination often runs wild... and it is moments like these... I imagine myself a disco queen... about to enjoy a fifty dollar steak before heading out to Hustle it to KC and the Sunshine Band... the décor doesn't seem to have been updated in the last few decades so this adds Technicolor to my imagination... ya dig?Before our waitress came by the table, a hurried bus boy frantically threw silverware onto our table... It is advisable to slow down, mister... you can poke an eye out. I know there are other tables to dress... but more rhythmic breathing is better for everyone. Finally, our server appeared... she was very pleasant and approached with a smile. We both decided to start with salad...and ordered the 10 oz filet mignon...for entrée. Holy cow (literally!)... and Twice Baked Cheesy potato. I ordered my steak medium rare and it was puuuuuuuuuurfect. Soft and unbelievably juicy on the inside but cooked with just a hint of char on the outside. Effing hell, it was good. The potato was aiight. I love twice baked potatoes... but this one was a little too stiff for my liking... (You won't hear me say that often. Ahem.)Since I ate only a third of my steak... and had just the right amount of bubbly floating in mah head... we decided to split the NY Cheesecake. It was pretty good... the BF ate most of it and I'm definitely NOT complaining (my thighs thank his proactive approach to devour anything containing sugar)... I enjoyed just enough to leave a sweet taste in my mouth. La Cave is perfect for Date Night... I wouldn't recommend it as a first, second, or third date spot... unless you're comfortable with spending two bills... but the steak IS good...and the atmosphere yummy... That's the Way...uh huh uh huh... I like it.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,3/7/2009,623,606,12,13,11>Teri-Q wings are definitely for the win.  Soy flavored and crispy, it was like eating chicken wings dipped in Peanuttle coating.  I don't know if anyone knows what Peanuttles are but the two people I came here with didn't know what Peanuttles are and that made me really sad...for them.  But please don't go to BBQ Chicken and ask them for Peanuttle chicken, I could be wrong when I say that the Teri-Q coating tasted like Peanuttles but that was what I was reminded of and I harped on it for the whole evening.Moving on...the original olive chicken (chicken fried in olive oil) was good.  The extra spicy chicken balls...okay, it was a type of hurt and type of pain I have not felt in a really long time.  I stopped halfway through eating one of those chicken fire balls and contemplated the pain.  I thought about spitting out the chicken because it was causing me that much pain but I knew it was the type of lasting pain that would haunt me to this moment - 16 hours since eating those damn spicy chicken balls.In short, YES.  BBQ Chicken for the win.  Teri-Q wings forever and ever.  Extra spicy chicken if you're brave.  And original olive fried chicken if you're in the mood for some decent deep fried chicken.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,3/6/2009,84,126,10,8,6>Hashigo is like The Gap of the three restaurants in that plaza, with Oki Doki being Old Navy, and Anjin being Banana Republic.  All three have their strong points and reasons for being popular.My girlfriend and I had already been to Oki Doki and Anjin, so we decided to give Hashigo a spin and we weren't disappointed.The decor is very nice, and they were playing some pretty kickass non-offensive 90's music mix in there (Eagle Eye Cherry, Smashing Pumpkins, Janet Jackson, etc) as well.The panchan was a lot more sparse than I'm used to from a Korean restaurant (only 3 different kinds!), but they were good.  The kimchi, however, seemed to be a lot more acidic than I'm used to.We ordered three dishes:  The kalbi, Mama Cho's wings (we got the lemon pepper wings), and the grilled mackerel with ponzu sauce.  The kalbi was pretty good - tender, flavorful, and lip smacking, as kalbi should be.  The mackerel was seasoned and cooked perfectly, with the edges of the fish nice and slightly crispy.Mama Cho's wings were by far our favorite dish of the three.  They were perfectly crispy while at the same time not too greasy.  The lemon pepper part came in the form of lemon wedges to squeeze onto the wings, and a salt and pepper mixture for dipping.  I was picturing the lemon pepper flavor already being ON the wings (a la Wing Stop), but it was still very good - gnawing down to the cartilage good.Overall, a pretty good food experience.  I can definitely see Hashigo becoming a part of our regular rotation.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/5/2009,98,135,8,15,14>Mitsuwa is like my second home.  I come here almost every day for lunch and sometimes for dinner as well.  I know every square inch of this place and I recognize almost every face who works there, but probably not as well as Brad W., who's been coming here for 15+ years (can't beat that record).For a Japanese food lover, this place is like heaven.  They have  fresh fish so you can try your hand at making sushi and spicy tuna rolls at home, or you can pick up pre-packaged sushi and bento boxes which isn't half bad.  You could also buy tasty snacks, desserts, beverages, and tons of instant noodles.  And of course, their food court needs no introduction--great ramen, katsu curry, and other Japanese comfort food to satisfy your appetite while you shop.However, I do have a few minor gripes which include:* fresh produce and veggies tend to be pretty expensive * the food court gets jam-packed during the lunch hour and on weekends so it may be hard to snag a seat* finding parking can be a nightmare during peak hoursSo come here like around 2 or 3 pm like I usually do and beat the rush, and you can eat like a king on a pauper's (i.e., grad student) budget.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,3/4/2009,503,274,10,12,12>Warning: If you're looking for authentic Japanese food, steer clear of Tokyo Table.  This place is about as authentic as Yoshinoya is.With that said, Tokyo Table is a great place to go to for some unique Japanese-American-Korean fusion.  They have everything from homemade tofu to sushi pizza to Korean-style bibimbab (sorry if I butchered the spelling).  They also have yummy, unique cocktails and a fairly extensive sake list.  If you're like me and don't know anything about sake, don't worry - the friendly staff is more than willing to help you choose one to go with your meal.  ***Bonus***Tokyo Table is a GREAT place to have large gatherings or parties.  My roommate had her birthday dinner here, and they easily took care of our party of 25.  We called ahead to make reservations, then went in early to meet with the manager and create a menu.  After that, we just sat back and relaxed as they flawlessly delivered dish after dish to each of us - they even knew exactly who needed the vegetarian dishes!  The food was good, but it was the service that really blew me away.EDIT: People have told me that Yoshinoya is actually from Japan.  WHAT?!  I always thought it was the most Americanized Japanese food ever...my bad...
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2009,3/3/2009,505,628,11,8,10>I have been super duper sick and hadn't been out of the house for 3 days.  So my lovely father took some time off work to take me out for lunch and decided to take me here!  They have been having GESALMONTAND GESALMONTAND commercials on korean tv every single hour.  While we were driving here my dad was singing it to me saying we were gonna go eat it.  Crab meat on pizza sounded unappetizing especially because i was sick.As soon as you enter Fresia market its to your right and unlike the other cafeteria food they have their own seating section and you are seated and served.  My dad already knew he wanted the GESAL MONTAND and they asked if we wanted alfredo or salsa on it...salsa??ugh... so we decided on half half. that plus 2 d.cokes!  After our very polite waitress took our order she came back with a white plate and told us we could take advantage of the salad bar complimentary until the end of the month.  So took advantage we DID. my dad brought back piles of corn, spiced ham, tangerines, pinapples, apples in mayo, coleslaw, macoroni salad, etcetc. (all fruits are canned but doable)After a 10-15minute wait or so we received our pizza.  GESAL is crab meat and it says they use 100% crab and on commercials they make it seem like its loaded with crab meat hence the MONTAND.  The pizza looked alright but the crab was pretty shabby.  They also crisped it up somehow maybe just from baking it.  We each took a slice and dug in @ first bite I thought "damn I knew we should've went to LoveLetter"  Then I kept trekkin thru it and damn!!! it was yummy!!  The crust is the BEST its like a sweet potato mousse filling (which sounds gross) but is super yumm!!!  However after the salad bar + two slices I was tapped out.  The pizza was fully loaded and it took its toll on my belllay~Eventually we finished with still half a pizza left. I didn't enjoy the salsa slices they tasted odd to me.  Therefore we didnt take advantage of the buy 1 pizza get the 2nd 50%off (until the end of this month ) for my mom we decided the half of pizza was enough.  With the 1 regular size GesalMontand pizza (26$)+ 2diet cokes ($1.50 each) the bill came out to $31 damnn thats pricey for freakin pizza... but it was worth the experience. Plus if you order the crab pizza u get these Mr.Pizza Mouse pads hahahhaha....thanks iguesss?? at the end i enjoyed it while my dad didn't haaha we switched at the end which i knew would happen with my dad.**they dont have jalepenos here...wtf? are we at a krn place? but they gave u pickles...PICKLES?? with pizza???  i never knew...cya soon!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,12/17/2009,302,356,13,18,15>Been meaning to try this place out, so decided to go early before driving out to Vegas. Solid 4.25. Food roundup:Cheapskate special #2: 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and bacon or potatoes with coffee. We got the bacon option, the bacon is a very thick cut and cooked through, it was kinda like a bacon cracker. Pancakes and eggs standard yet tasty.Spa breakfast: Veggie patty topped with sauteed peppers, onions, tomatoes, and jalapenos. This was spicy and all the sauteed veggies were still crisp and bright. Came with toast, egg whites, and yummy spanish rice. Hearty yet on the healthy side with a bit of everything you need to start the day on the right foot.Lowdown: Really small joint with a tons of breakfast options. I really like how you can get anything from omelets to mexican food and with some legit healthier options. Prices are pretty reasonable and it's really laid back here. My new fave brekkie joint for some straighforward, yummy food.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,12/16/2009,602,225,8,15,8>After the Bacon Elite event ..the 50/50 burger was on the brain ever since then...& I was having intense pregnant woman cravings for that delicious juicy burger..so finally after a few weeks My bf, C dog, Gabe, & I finally took a little road trip over to Anaheim Hills to discover the mystery that is Slaters 50/50. We arrived & the place is located in a little strip mall..went inside & saw familiar faces from the event we sat down & quickly ordered an appetizer.We ordered the 2 part appetizer for $5.45 we had the fried artichokes & onions strings. WoW! The artichokes were my fav they were so crispy crunchy & packed with freshness of the artichoke which is one of my fav veggies to snack on. On to the ordering of the burger. I decided to get creative & make my own.On the menu you can build your own or get one of their already thought up recipes. I ordered the 50/50 patty 1/2 bacon & 1/2 beef only  1/3 of the burger for $8.45, whole wheat squaw bun, filled it with baby arugula, grilled onions, mushrooms, green chilis, avocado, garlic aioli, dijon mustard, & jalapenos. That didnt sound like much to me @ the time, but when it came out on the plate damn! that thing is huge!! I was really hungry soo suprisingly I attacked the entire burger my bf & friends could not believe that a little girl like me could put away a huge burger like that.I am a champion eater & will not let my food go to waste! The bar had nice oak decor & they had a lot of selection of beers & also wine for winos like myself..didn't get a chance to try any of their selection cause I was on meds :( but for sure will be back next time to give their selection a try...everyone enjoyed their food over good times & conversation. Would definitely be back & give this place another go..plus the owner is a cool guy he used to be the vendor of the hot dog stand in front of home depot across the street from Cypress College....those hotdogs were good...lesson learned...you work your way from the bottom & eventually will make your way to the top!!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,12/15/2009,363,326,13,16,15>Okay you sushi conniseurs/snobs...I'm one of you, so before you start firing...let's just get this out of the way and tell you why I'm rating it a 4.1.  There really aren't too many options in terms of cheap/decent sushi, let alone a rotating one in the 949 or South Coast Metro area.  This served that purpose2.  Price to value.  Is this going to be Ikko or even Murasaki?  Of course not.  But, for what you pay....it's worth a visit.3. My only basis for comparison is Kaisen.       a.  Uni, toro, albacore, sweet shrimp and rolls are way better than Kaisens.  Again, not high grade but it was actually edible.     b.  Salmon isn't as good as Kaisen, but Kaisen seems to top everyone with this one oddly enough.     c.  Kaisen does have their Thursday $1.25 soft shell crab hand rolls     d.  Kaisen allows you to order freshAltogether, I respect their business model.  It's all straight forward, either 1, 2, or 3 pieces for $2.00.  The fish comes out colder and isn't luke warm like it is at Kaisen.  Also, it's a whole lot roomier so if you're in a group it's easier to get seated than it would be at Kaisen.  My favorites of the night were surprisingly the spicy tuna over fried mochi and the spicy tuna over crunchy roll.  I'm normally not a roll kind of girl, but it is what is.  Leave your snobbiness behind when you come here, and just let loose and have an open mind.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,12/14/2009,345,531,14,14,16>You've found an alluring prospect, a potential soul mate or just somebody that just gets you. EVERYTHING from the big picture stuff to the little things have been green-lighted and that chemistry is just right, HOLY CRAP, just when you weren't looking and most of all when it was least expected you found the one you love...you have found true love, you have found THE PHOENIX CLUB. Anaheim in no way shape or form aspires to the title of the city of love. Rather Anaheim associates itself with the city of work,traffic, local sporting teams, No Doubt, the pond err I mean the honda center, Disneyland, Tile Mile, brown people and diversity; and there's a chance the Big A will remain as such.  Anaheim, originally founded by Zee Germans takes it back old school with the Phoenix Club. Jeff V, my hunk of a German man in all his bearded glory and I frequent the Der Phoenix club and have coined the term "Romantical Date Spot" in reference to the Phoenix.  We ride our bikes over to our club (as we are both becoming members soon) and drink the night away with friends, sometimes family and our favorite bartenders & waitresses.  We just see it as an opportunity to identify with German Culture, a culture we both love and have as part of our ancestry, as well as support locally with a favorite spot in Anaheim. Grab brunch on Sunday, grab dinner at night, drink some authentic imported German beer on tap and most of all visit Oktoberfest.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,12/12/2009,442,800,10,14,14>300 reviews strong and how suitable to have it for Club 33!  My review applies to the lunch buffet at Club 33: First off, I really don't see why people complain about the price of Club 33. I think of it this way: you pay the minimum of price of a 1 day 1 park ticket ($72 when I went), but instead of a 1 day 1 park you get a 1 day park hopper ticket!  I know when you get the bill at Club 33 you say "Holy Crap!," but most people think they were paying $72 for the food they just ate.  I think of it this way, you just ate FOR FREE (not counting the tax and tip of course)!  You paid 72 bucks to get into DL and DCA and you just ate a free meal!  It doesn't get much better than that.I never thought I'd make it though the Club 33 doors without knocking down Club 33 members and their kids, but I was lucky to meet a great person that got me my in.  Since it was my name on the reservation, I was the lucky one to lift that golden slit and press the button to call the courteous woman inside.  She buzzes you in and you wait in the foyer for a few minutes until your table is ready.  We took the French lift  up because when you're at Club 33 and they offer you something you jump right on it!  It's quite small, so my group of 8 had needed two trips.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…Here's how the lunch buffet works:  You first pick your hot entree and then head over to the cold buffet for AYCE action.  Everything I had was delicious and fresh, but if I were lucky to hit up this buffet again I'd go for more shellfish and shrimp (buffet 4 stars). yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…One of my favorite surprises that day was the delightful, creamy lentil soup in the tiny cup (5 stars).  yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…  I ordered the Pan Seared Chateaubriand, which I would give a strong 4 stars.   It was perfectly medium rare and delicious and paired well with the cabernet Demi-Glaze pan sauce.   The tempura Maui Onion it came with was best onion ring ever. yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…I got to try: Farmed King Salmon, which was very moist and great.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz… The certified Organic free range chicken was very moist and tender, but why would you get chicken?  yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz… The truffled mac & cheese paired with the chicken was a great combo.  It made it a comfort food dish.  I did not get to try the Roast Monk Fish with the rock lobster bisque and spiced arugula salad, but my friend said it was "amazing."  My other friend had the pasta three by three and he was not a fan of it at all. Most importantly I drank a great mint julep: yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…a sidecar, which was pretty good, but was missing the sugared rim and I tried the Pirates Punch, which was tasty yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…Before we left, my group went to the Club 33 balcony to watch the envious, probably jealous, onlookers.  The view was great.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Nhoz…  It made you feel like you were the king of DL; well, just for an instant.  You spend all this time inside Club 33 and it's almost surreal.  The worst part of the experience was opening the door to the outside.  The door to walk amongst the regulars...Will I go back?  Absolutely (If I have the opportunity)!  Is it worth it?  Absolutely!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,12/11/2009,213,262,9,8,8>Riddle me this.... Think of the craziest pork dish you've ever had, multiply it by a thousand and what do you get? Why, it's mofongo!!!! This dish is pure pork evil to the tenth degree and good to the last bite!! Even if your full, you won't be able to resist licking the bowl clean. I kid you not!! First off, the slow cooked pork is so tender it just melts in your mouth. 2nd, the pork is engulfed by fried, mashed green plantains that have a little extra something something in it.... how about some tasty, crunchy bacon bits!! And the madness doesn't stop there, oh no.... the cherry on top is they bring you a sauce to pour on top the pork and it's made from what you ask? you guessed it!! how about some rendered pork fat infused with garlic!!!! Yes, I'm going into cardiac arrest as we speak and was it worth it you ask? Yes my friends, yes it was!!!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,12/10/2009,915,683,11,9,8>WOW!  This might be my favorite new OC opening in memory.I couldn't take it anymore, 50 mostly rave reviews in less than 2 months, so headed up to Old Town Orange yesterday. The street was blocked off for a Halloween party, so got in an extra late afternoon stroll from a few blocks away.  Enter HG, nice job on the remodel!  Had been to the Italian place here previously, which was nice, but now it is more of an open space. It now takes more advantage of the huge windows to better appreciate Old Town beyond.Ok, now on to what I was really here for; Is this place another over hyped new "hip spot for the OC hipsters" that will alienate all but the late night crowd?Uh, no!  A big ol' shout from the center of the Orange Circle.....NO!! The burger...IN F'n Credible!!  Medium rare and juicy, and so flavorful.  My server/btender (we'll get to her later) informed me that they grind it up fresh in-house each day.  Jeesh that mofo was great.  Home made chips were also terrific with the aioli dip on the side.  Another yelper whined about the chips being soggy.  Here's the deal on that; THESE are HOME MADE!  Some of the less fortunate little chips get stuck on one of their fellow grease bathers in the frying process, thus THAT side (their lil backside? aww) doesn't get fried to the proper crispness.  Capeesh?  And there were maybe 3 that were in this condition out of 100(?).Now on to the service.  Got here 2:00 on a Thursday so the place was dead.  Strolled up to the bar and was greeted by a she devil named Babe.  Yep, I aint fooling here.  A cheery, smiling, beautiful, happy to be here, she devil named Babe.Babe, her real name, really,  patiently walked me through the menu and the beer selections, as I was already predisposed for a flight from previous yelps.  More of a wine drinker, but the flight was great with the burg and a total of 20ozs, according to Babe The She Devil, for $8.  Yes Ms. Hazel....DEAL!Babe The She Devil may be one of the most friendly and funny btenders I have ever encounterd on a 1st ever visit.  If this HG representative is indicative of the rest of the staff this place will be here for a long long time.  Maybe additional out posts in the future?  Ah, to early for that, lets see how this morphs first.Explanation; Babe was dressed for Halloween as a She Devil, I think.  Maybe she always dresses like this?  If so I have found beer/gastro pub hell and it is a heavenly (Havenly?) place indeed!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,12/9/2009,334,195,18,18,18>The "what's for dinner" discussion came to the conclusion that we had to have some sort of dessert too. After driving around, we ventured to downtown Orange and strolled over to the resaurant that has no name posted outside, but is always crowded. To our surprise, it was Gabbi's. I'd heard amazing this about this restaurant. AND they had desserts that looked delcious! The flavor of the appetizer - the taquitos de pato (duck) was subtle but flavorful. It wasn't too salty and the mole was a perfect complement. I ordered the pollo en mole oaxaquena and it was hands down (wtf does that mean anyways?) one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten. It was breast meat, and very thick, but somehow it was cooked perfectly! It was incredibly tender and juicy, yet cooked all the way through. I'm sure you've all eaten dried out chicken breast, but hey at least you know you won't get salmonella. I don't know how they did that and I am on a mission to be able to do the same thing! Roo ordered the puerco poc-chuc. It was a bit over cooked, but very flavorful. The handmade corn tortillas were delicious...and went surprisingly well with my chicken. For dessert, I ordered the vanila bean flan. It was ok. But Roo ordered his usual tres leches. The tres leches by itself was nothing special, but OMG...with the tropical sorbet and it took every ounce of strength for me not to swipe his plate and devour it. Orlando was our server and was very attentive despite the ever increasing number tables being seated. The bus boy was amazing too....very attentive and made sure our water and "Sprite" glasses were refilled constantly. Overall, it was delicious :) So...I know this is a tl:dr review...but typing it was worth it...and I got to re-live that meal!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,12/8/2009,342,350,12,17,13>I came here for one reason and one reason only to get rid of the horrible farmer's tan that I had been harvesting all summer for the upcoming wedding I'm to be in. I'm not vain but my girl is going to be looking at these pictures for the rest of her life the least I can do is be presentable....and tan!Stacey who works here was helpful and knowledgeable about all of the tanning lotion products and beds. I would like to formally apologize to her for having to listen to my random rants about the wedding she was always so friendly about it.I let her know that I had two weeks to "even out" and she was sure I could. I purchased the "use any bed for 2 weeks for $39.95 and get 20% off all products" package. I have to say that I am completely satisfied with the outcome. I'm evenly tanned and my skin has a nice healthy glow. My recommendations? The #2 bed has a great air conditioner and has a raised head rest so your neck and shoulders get tanned. The stand up one was awesome at getting my underarms and miscellaneous bits tan. Use the tanning lotions they actually do help and they keep your skin moisturized. Also make sure to use lots of body lotion in between tanning if your skin is dry then it's harder for it to absorb the "sun". In turn it helps to retain the moisture so you don't begin to peel. I have had a really pleasant experience here. If I were a person who tanned regularly this would definitely be the place I would come to.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,12/7/2009,783,765,22,26,24>This review is kinda tough for me.  Let me break it down like this:5 stars for service. Burrell is like the Uncle you never had.5 stars for overall vibe. You gotta come here just to experience it.5 stars for the beans. Mmmmmm..... beans.5 stars for the sauce. It had a good amount of spice to it.BUT, the actual BBQ itself was kinda dry and not anything to get all hot and bothered about. I tried the ribs, brisket, chicken, and just about everything else on the menu.  We got a ridiculous amount of food.The mac and cheese and the cornbread suck.They put pickles on top of the BBQ.  Mmmm. Pickles.The experience is so unique, that I can't give it anything below 4 stars.  I just can't do it.  This place is too damn cool.  It's a freakin' house. You eat in the backyard.  Wanna beer?  Ask Burrell, he says he puts beer in the sauce and has some hiding in the cooler.What really convinced me to stick with the 4 stars was when burrell came out to the back yard, and picked some herbs from his little garden and brought them inside.  Now that's fresh.I came here with my father and he told me about how he and my late mother used to come here 20 years ago.  Apparently the backyard wasn't where you'd eat back then... people would just sit out on the front curb.Nostalgic. Unique. GET THE BEANS. Have a beer. Enjoy it.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/16/2012,816,484,24,33,26>YUM is the word!  Why didnt I come here sooner.  The food here is really good!!!The restaurant is decorated with a great open feel, the servers all look like they just finished their yoga session and look totally refreshed.  Noticed that 90% of the patron dining during lunch were women.Well the food thats prepared here is is centered on the principals of Dr. Andrew Weil's Anti-Inflammatory Diet & Food Pyramid truefoodkitchen.com/abou…  For some of us who have had issues and know the feeling of not being in optimal health this place is for you.  Well its really for everyone but one thing I did notice after having lunch here is what my friend mentioned, which was that she felt clear and alert.  This is not something you feel when you have just eaten as in most cases you feel like your in a food coma even if you haven't really pigged out.So lunch started with the Hangover drink yelp.com/biz_photos/F6nw… which is coconut water, pineapple and orange juice.  JA got the cucumber refresher that really tasted like you were at a spa.  Very refreshing.  CN got the Natural which is fresh ginger, agave and soda.  I really liked it and would get that next time.Lunch for me was the Red Chili Shrimp yelp.com/biz_photos/F6nw… Wasn't sure to expect but man this dish kicked ass.  The red chili was very prominent in this bowl of pasta and gave it a really good kick.  Absolutely everything about this dish was tasty and would definitely order it again.  Even the shrimp tasted better!JA got the Turkey burger yelp.com/biz_photos/F6nw… I didn't try the burger but had a taste of the sweet potato hash and wow that was unexpectedly yum.  CN ordered the Steelhead Salmon yelp.com/biz_photos/F6nw….  Again a nicely cooked fish the brussel sprouts and purple potato were tasty.Next time I will have to order one of their dessert options.  The prices are reasonable.  For some of you it may be a bit much especially during lunch but knowing your eating something healthy makes it worth it.This was a really tasty healthy lunch yummy goodness!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,2/15/2012,468,276,14,15,13>I was 10 years old (AND still in the motherland) when Disney's, "Beauty and the Beast" came out. It was my favorite Disney movie at the time, Ron Perlman and Linda Hamilton's version wasn't too bad either... I just loved the story as a child. Don't hate, I'll show you where I'm going with this soon...It was around dinner time last summer, I had my son with me and we spent the day with Alicia. Around 530, she was about to depart to pick her son up from the montessori down the street. "How about dinner, us four?" I said. She responded with, "Sure, what do you feel like?" We finally decided on Italian and it narrowed down to this place.We arrive and like most things in HB's notoriously "local spot" feel, I felt at home in this quiet little place. It was totally a family dinner-esque scenario that we got ourselves into, and us being an item was still fairly new. My son and Alicia's son were going to town on some pretty awesome garlic bread. They left some serious crumbs all over the place and before I can apologize for my son's mess the waitress cued in to my (apparently) obvious expression and said, "it's a family restaurant, don't you worry about all that. I have kids too...we got it" so I reply with, "thanks, I appreciate it!"  So my chicken calabrese arrived and the waitress asked, "Parmesan cheese?" I said, "sure" and comes THE MOST awesome silver parmesan container that looked like it was straight out of Beauty and the Beast. If Mrs. Potts, the stove and the candlestick had a love child, that's exactly what it would look like. Oh yea, other than nostalgia, the food totally won me over. I had a great time, Mangia2. Good job! Youz' a winner.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,2/14/2012,2578,509,23,30,27>AND MY 300TH REVIEW GOES TO....RAMEN YAMADAYA!LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...I would love to introduce you to the BEST RAMEN IN THE OC: RAMEN YAMADAYAThis place is prettty nutz...and pretty guud. Not really sure where to start...but here is my adventure.I arrived at the restaurant with my friend at about 1:30...we were saddened at first because there was about a 20 minute wait! But on the other hand, there must be wait because we are about to dine at a great restaurant! During that time of waiting, I walked and observed the restaurant. I noticed that they served alcohol and they have been recognized by the LA TIMES And LA WEEKLY...wow I thought...this place must be legit then.Another thing that I noticed about the restaurant was that they had this one "community table." This was the ONLY thing that I didnt like about the restaurant. The community table is exactly how it sounds. Its one large table where many different parties are able to sit at. I understand that the restaurant wants to fill in their seats, but it just very weird to sit next to strangers at a rectangular table while eating your meal...very weird!20 minutes later...we were sat...WOOHOO for getting our own table! The menu came out and was simple to read. It was only one page and it wasnt confusing at all...unlike some of the other RAMEN places that I have been too -______-All the ramens are about average ramen price...but in comparison with this place to the RAMEN places at Mitsuwa food court...this PLACE WINS...why? even though there about the same price...the portions here are significantly bigger...and they take credit card. BAM!Back to the food...I ordered YAMADA RAMEN ($9.95) + Gyoza and Mabo Tofu Bowl ($4.80). First of all...this combination is cHEAP!! YOU WILL NEVER FIND A RAMEN COMBINATION WITH ALL THOSE ITEMS FOR THAT CHEAP ANYWHERE! Anywho...the yamada ramen is like their HOUSE SPECIAL COMBINATION RAMEN...it includes 2 kinds of chasu pork, egg, menma, and nori. And the options of broth flavor are: TONKOTSU (basic pork), TONKOTSU SHOYU (soy sauce), TONKOTSU KOTTERI (garlic oil), and TONKOTSU SPICY (3 different levels of spicy...I chose LEVEL 3 :p )After we ordered and chatted for a bit...our food began to come out. The appetizers came out...the chicken karage was crisp and tender at the same time. The gyoza came out...and it was ok...it wasnt crispy at all, but it was juicy though! The mabo tofu and chasu bowl came out afterwards. In my mind...I was expecting a LITTLE KIDDY BOWL...but I was wrong! They brought out a pretty decent portion sized bowl. My friend at this point was already full...just to give you an idea of the portion sizes. Critique about the mabo tofu bowl...yeh not badFinally...the ramen! The ramen came out...WOWWW. It looked amazing! *IMPORTANT NOTE!! ALL STUDENTS GET AN EXTRA SIDE OF NOODLES FOR FREE!! and FRESH FRESH GARLIC IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST!!Anyways...the ramen came out...yes amazinG! And they also gave us fresh garlic. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...the garlic is certainly fresh!! Most ramen places give you chopped up and sometimes even dried garlic...this place...gives you a hammer...and fresh cloves of garlic!! I WAS STUNNED! I WAS EXCITED!! THIS IS THERE WAY OF GIVING OUT FRESH GARLICC???BIGGG BIIG BONUS POINTS FOR THIS!!After smashing my garlic...I took my first bite...the soup was guud and rich. The noodle wasnt bad either!! *NOTE TO SELF...order your free EXTRA NOODLES WHEN YOU ARE DONE WITH YOUR NOODLES...cuz if you ordered the noodles right away like I did...the noodles will eventually get stuck together -________-The toppings in the bowl...pork was delicious...not hard...not stiff...not the type of pork that gets stuck in between your teeth. My favorite thing of the toppings was the egg. This aint any ordinary egg...not really sure how they cooked it either...BUT THIS EGG WAS MAGNIFICENT! The egg white portion was normal...very guud...but the YOLK...wowwww. Me...personally...I hate yolk thats hard...rough...yolk thats gives you that powdery chalky taste when you bite into it. THE YOLK HERE IS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE! It was soft, it was delicate, it melted in your mouth in a way...and best of all...THERE WERE NO CHUNKS OR ROUGH PIECES STUCK IN MY MOUTH!!the experience at this ramen place was magnificent and very pleasurable. VERYYYY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! This may be the NEW and BEST RAMEN in the OC area...actually for the price...the portion...the taste...the quality...and variety...this is THE BEST RAMEN PLACE IN OC!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,2/13/2012,2141,534,12,26,24>Ostrich! Buffalo! Elk! Wild Boar! You want wild game? Manhattan has it! I am so happy I found this place because I had never been here before and it's an awesome find. You can find a filet mignon at so many other places. But can you get wild game?... :) Must Try:- Brown Butter Ravioli - If you're on a diet, this probably isn't the best option because of the butter. But I think you should treat yourself to this. Love the sweetness of the candied pecans in this dish- Exotic Mushrooms - I love mushrooms period so I enjoyed this dish- Buffalo Filet - Very tender and flavorful. I've had buffalo before but as a burger not a filet. This was a great dish and I highly recommend it- Wild Boar - The presentation with the orchid was very pretty. My first time trying wild boar and I really liked it. - Grand Marnier Souffle - MUST GET. Save room for it. Trust me. It's not overly sweet so you can end up eating the whole thing.. I did lolThere are other dishes I definitely want to try like the ostrich and elk. I'll be back. Service is excellent too. The hostess and waitress asked our names and addressed us personally. The Exec chef and GM/Owner came by and talked to us too.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,2/12/2012,291,119,28,31,27>Lately, my reviews have been pretty raunchy, so I've decided to slow it down a bit and take you to the beach, specifically to Newport peninsula's best kept secret and one of my favorite sushi houses in the county.I've been coming here for nearly a decade and I just realized that the majority of the time, I take dates out here.  Why is it a good place for a date?  Well, it's in a secluded area away from Newport's party scene with an absolute stunning view of the luxurious yachts anchored throughout the soothing harbor.  The restaurant's elegance is elucidated by the serene-calm waters, brushed by the gentle pacific breeze, and breathtaking view of the sunset complimented by their genuinely empathetic service team and fresh sashimi grade sushi.  Buddha's Favorite will outshine any steakhouse's semblance and keep your wallet full, all while giving you the perfect excuse to cozy up next to that special someone.  Yes, I can be charming and yes, miracles can happen here.Reservations are highly recommended as it can get inundated due to the popularity and compact size of the restaurant.  Parking is by way of valet service of which is inexpensive or if you prefer street parking, there's plenty down Lido Street.While here, you won't hear disgusting techno beats or find erogenous and dysfunctional names like other wannabe-trendy restaurants serving made up specialty rolls that don't make sense i.e. dynamite-botox-injection-roll or a sexy-omakase-augmentation-hand-job, slathered with a river of saline.  No sir.My typical order when visiting a sushi house is kept fairly simple, consisting of a spicy tuna hand roll, crunchy & rainbow rolls, unagi nigiri, and salmon & yellowtail sashimi.    Not too adventurous, but to praise their food, it's fresh, perfectly cut, and tightly executed with a balanced ratio of rice to fish.To summarize, Buddha's Favorite is a cozy little restaurant docked on Newport's backwaters serving up fresh, simple sushi without the face lift and glam.  It's the perfect place for a date or to catch up with a friend without breaking the bank.  Take my word and try it out, the view and food will not disappoint or I'll take you there myself and win you over...and I will win.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/11/2012,476,180,12,17,15>Yes, I've found ANOTHER five star pho! Pho Quang Trung is amazing. I don't know what they do to their pho, but after my first sip I have to take a moment and enjoy the immediate comfort that ensues. Last time I visited Pho Quang Trung, I apparently forgot how MASSIVE the large is and was unable to finish a large portion of my pho. Let me inform you this massive large that even Jesse D was unable to finish is only $6.10... Well, depending on what you choose to get. I prefer the Pho Tai (rare beef) with added shrimp and sometimes added broccoli. Jesse D prefers his pho with all the goodness of the rare beef, flank, fatty flank, tendon and tripe. His is also only $6.10. I also love this place because they offer smoothies! I can enjoy a delicious avocado smoothie with boba after slurping down my delicious and unbelievably cheap pho! Thank you for your delicious five star pho, Pho Quang Trung. I'll be seeing you again soon!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,2/10/2012,198,226,12,15,13>My friends decided earlier today to "liven up" my usual wear by taking me to South Coast.My mind did not stray far from the possible happy hour deals this place had to offer...Sure enough, 5 o'clock rolled around and I hurried over.We were greeted with a somewhat enthusiastic "Irashaimase!"The 5 of us sat down at the bar and noticed the Japanese chefs behind the counter;at that point, I had high hopes.The chefs didn't really open up to us until my girlfriend and I started speaking in our broken Japanese :)There were times that they'd speak too fast that I couldn't comprehend them;at that point, the only reply i could give them was my blank, "huh?" look.They had a rather sizable happy hour menu with at least 10 food items and 10 or so alcohol choices.We all ordered various appetizers; while the others conversed during the wait for food, I admired the interior design.Behind the sushi counter was a set of nice blue glass things, and the ceiling and adjacent wall had a wavy texture that was probably supposed to signify water... or the ocean......because Japan is an island; and an island is surrounded water, and water is where the sushi place gets their fish...I don't know if they slipped something into my happy hour priced martini, but I thought those same exact words in that moment.Food came and everything was delicious. From my albacore sashimi in a yuzu vinaigrette  with sauteed onions to my rock shrimp tempura, everything tasted with the quality you'd expect from a good Japanese restaurant :)Eating good food always makes me satisfied even if my stomach isn't totally full.We left that restaurant without that heavy, post-korean-bbq feeling.I will return for more!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,2/9/2012,333,199,20,22,16>ATTENTION, PEOPLE OF YELP!!!If you haven't treated yourself in the past 7 - 10 minutes, you need to get in some sort of vehicular conveyance and get your happy ass down to Mr. Pickle's.  Do yourself a favor and indulge in one of their many, many beautifully crafted and supernaturally wonderfully tasting sandwiches!Brittany P and I popped in today and were greeted and helped by someone whom I assume was the/one of the owners.  I love when the owners of businesses are engaging and genuinely interested in their clientele.  He made some wonderful suggestions and crafted two of the best sandwiches which has have crossed my lips (I had some of Brittany's.)A few suggestions for you on your impending visit:The #2 (HANG LOOSE) on Dutch crunch bread!Spring for the $2.49 potato salad!! GODDAMN UNIQUE AND UNBELIEVABLE!!!Take home a menu for later to plan your next several visits.Had they a cot in the waiting/ordering area I would have tried to sleep over night to be right there when they opened the following day.I have a feeling a beautiful and long lasting relationship is developing between me and Mr Pickle!  I think I am in love!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,2/8/2012,278,299,17,15,14>I feel that it is very apropos that my first new review of 2012 is for Johnny's Saloon. Let me elaborate.....2011 was not a good year in almost all aspects of my life. I had a bad experience here at Johnny's in late 2011....don't misunderstand, it was in NO WAY Johnny's fault. Just the company I chose to keep for all of 20 minutes (a date who after 5 minutes with me drifted over to play pool with his buddy and then told me I was fatter than he thought - nevermind that he looked 10 years older than his pics and about 25 lbs heavier and I was still willing to give him a chance, but I digress).When Mel M. hit me up with the familiar text, "Come to Johnny's" I figured WTF...I'm still at work at 7:30, why not wrap it up and cut loose. Especially when I heard the Mayor of HB Dan H. and my favorite gardener StevenEnen would be there. I got to meet the Lovely Jaime from Wicked 'Wiches so that was just icing on her birthday cake for me.We had Fireball shots (I think?) and  I had me some Dead Guy. The staff here is great. Friendly, fun and beyond cool...especially with the check-in bonus and our party of six. Total score!Then, we were asked if we wanted to play trivia....TRIVIA??? Hellz Yeah! This is where Team Bitch Be Cool was born. We mopped the floor of this joint with the other teams and won our way to a $25 gift card for use at a later date at Johnny's. How awesome is that!!!???!!This place is dark, creepycool, comfortable in that broken-in kinda way and has the BEST tunes around. I had an amazing time with some of the best people in a great little bar that started out as a glitch for me personally last year and ended up being a little beacon of light this year when all was said and done.Thank you Johnny's for being there, being cool, having trivia, having a great staff and bouncer that are no nonsense and real and giving me hope that 2012 will be better than 2011.Thanks to my fab Yelp friends and Enen...thank you my dear. The Booker's is on me next time....and you won't have to cut my grass at all, much less for free.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,2/7/2012,1223,848,11,14,13>I was absolutely blown away by the reviews here and I was really looking forward to trying it out.First, the good....er.....great.  The sandwich was fantastic.  Top quality ingredients on my chicken avocado caprese.  Yummy white roll with a nice crust, quality white meat, and tasty toppings.  Simply amazing.I also had a cup of the mushroom soup.  Served very hot with fresh croutons.  A nice side dish to the sandwich.   Quite tasty but I wish I had some hot sauce to go with it.  There was a bottle of hot sauce on the counter but I ate it in my car due to lack of seating.Which brings me to the not so great.....  I arrived at 12:25 so I was expecting crowds.  It took about 25 minutes from the time I walked in to the time I took my first bite.  That tells me there is clearly not enough staff.  The owner was working her tail off going from the register to the sandwich prep area.  I appreciate her effort but I sure wished she put on gloves, washed her hands or put a hair net on.The seating is very cramped for such a tiny place.  I wish they had a couple of tables outside (not sure if it's allowed).  There was a table of 3 women having a lovely conversation, nursing a cup of water, and hogging a table for 4.  Not cool during rush hour, ladies.The location is just terrible.  As a foray into the restaurant business, this place may have cheap rent, but it's in a business park.  The food here is simply amazing and I am not alone in giving it great reviews, but it's now time for a move to a decent location.The prices are quite high.  I spent $15.20 for a sandwich, cup of soup and a soda.  For these prices, I expect a bistro-type of experience.  The food is fantastic.  I really want to try the salads as they also looked amazing.  For 5-stars, however, I would expect more.  I will try it again when it is not so busy and review again.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/23/2013,1076,324,17,26,21>Parkers' Lighthouse has been around forever and is a solid Long Beach venue for any occasion.  It is after all the iconic lighthouse shaped steak and seafood restaurant in the Shoreline Village.  Since the remodel a few years back, Parkers' is a beautiful contemporary restaurant with panoramic views overlooking the glistening Long Beach marina.   Visitors to the LBC for the aquarium, the performing arts center or any of the city's enticing tourist attractions can dine here and pretty much enjoy a fantastic meal, guaranteed.  Great place to meet for drinks too. The menu has a great selection of various traditional steakhouse meats, fish and pasta dishes.  They also have a real sushi bar which I'm sure is awesome because the rolls look delicious, however, I usually go for the cooked options here.  I recommend:Appetizer: Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail $15 or the Ceviche (its on the sushi menu) $15  Dinner: Crab stuffed shrimp $27 Wrapped in pancetta and served on top of whipped potatoes with a side of asparagus, this stuffed prawn dish is to die for. Dessert:  You MUST order dessert.  Their dessert menu is amazing, but please consider the key lime pie.  Now, you might be saying to yourself "key lime pie?  really?"  And to that I say, Yes!  Really.  Normally when it comes to desserts I am more of a chocolate kinda gal, with Crème Brûlée as a solid second, but at Parkers' the clear winner is the key lime pie.  It has a gorgeous Individual presentation.  It has a yummy raspberry sauce, and perfectly toasted meringue, topped with candied lime zest for $8.  It may be my favorite dessert ever and I am not saying that lightly.  Drinks: There is a full bar with many tempting cocktails options.  I usually stick to wine here, but they make a great margarita on the rocks with salt.      Parkers' is a fabulous dinner option in the LBC.  Over the years I've been here for a wedding, several dinner dates and birthday celebrations, a graduation or two and is a favorite spot for me and my favorite aunt who lives in San Pedro, right over the bridge.  We usually start with a crisp chardonnay and love chatting while devouring their house baked sour dough bread.  Enjoy!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,11/22/2013,576,235,34,30,33>A poem dedicated to 25 Degrees.25 degrees where shall I rank thee?On my top burger list, you are ranked number 3!Your burgers are juicy and filled with flavor,Each delicious bite, I'd close my eyes and savor.So what should one get on their first trip here?A #1 burger and a shake with Guinness Beer.For 10 bucks, you'll get a burger with bacon;One bite of the crescenza and your taste buds will waken.But don't be a fool by forgetting that fried egg!It's just another dollar, so don't make me beg!Complete your meal with a side of fries,Yeah...this meal's gonna go straight to yo' thighs.The number 2 is legit, it has tomato and pesto,But the number 3 is better, with chipotle and avocado.If these burgers don't work, you can craft your own,There are so many options, your mind will be blown.The bacon wrapped dates are good, not great,District Wine's are better in taste & weight.The service is helpful, the service is kind,They never do anything for me to malign.The restaurant is dark, but that, I don't mind,Cause this burger bar has food that really do shine.----------Verdict: As great as this place is, it's still not the best,Go to The Standing Room to put that argument to rest.Extra Notes:-Accepts Credit Card-This place is named 25 degrees because this is the exact temperature difference between a raw and well-done burger.-Happy Hour from 3-7PM everyday, $5 on some appetizers-Awesome service-Very nice decor, resembles a bar more than a restaurant, don't like how close the tables are though-Clean restrooms
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/21/2013,826,666,18,22,19>The Frostbites in Cerritos is the second location for this up-and-coming Italian ice-slash-crepe-slash-sorbet establishment. It look over the former Blizz Yogurt store, which first opened along with the rest of the Landmark Center plaza.I asked one of the employees working here (actually it may have been the manager or owner for all I know) when they had first "soft opened.""Friday," he said to me on Monday, Labor Day.Just like the setup for their Cypress (original) location, they start the queue on the left of the entrance and you pick out your flavors or place your order. Get to know the menu (there are instructions on how to order without looking too lost or confused) off to the left of the sorbets. Nothing wrong with reading and following directions, especially for first timers.I was slightly disappointed that they didn't carry mint chip sorbet/ice when I first dropped by. I had that flavor at the Cypress location, and I hope they decide to carry it here in Cerritos after a "hard opening."I was looking forward to mint chip because I typically get a chocolate custard ice cream base, mint chip sorbet, that mandatory creme layer, and either strawberry or raspberry (basically something red and falls under the berry category) to top it off. A regular size falls just below $4.00 and a large size is just north of that price. During my last visit, I replaced mint chip with peanut butter. It was also good, but you have to be in a certain mood to eat peanut butter, knowatamsayn?This is a great time of year to come online, as it's the hottest month (and late summer) we've had in a while here in Los Angeles. I can imagine business being brisk in the days to come. Simultaneously, I feel sorry for the parking lot attendant that patrols this area, as this little strip mall is becoming (and already is, frankly) increasingly popular with more store openings.I also recommend getting a punch card if you're a first time visitor. Kind of like the menu, it can be a little convoluted with lots of words--along with a rainy day special 2x punch factor thrown in there.The only problem is that the Cerritos location has a DIFFERENT punch card than the Cypress location (Cerritos' card is white colored). Apparently, they don't stick to one card across all stores, and so if you go to both, you'll have to carry both cards around. (Please see the photo I uploaded for a visual). I was a bit disappointed in this.If Frostbites' management is reading this: YOU GOTTA CHANGE THIS POLICY AND UNIFY YOUR PUNCH CARDS ACROSS BOTH LOCATIONS! It would mean a thinner wallet for patrons and those who started a card in Cypress but live in Cerritos (like myself) can actually be loyal to their hometown/Cerritos one, because I know I can get the card I started in Cypress punched there and resume working my way to the end.Anyhow, the product is great and the staff is friendly and helpful. I love the custard ice cream and the concept. I would like to try the crepes, but I just never had the chance to...I usually stop at the ice cream and go no further.There isn't much seating inside because the layout originally was not built for Frostbites (it was Blizz's). You have to be prepared to take your order to go, or snag a seat at the nearby Panera Bread or Gatten Sushi patio seating if you want to really enjoy the sorbet/ice cream there. And, given the nature of the product (sorbets melt quickly in hot weather and doesn't transport well) you'll probably want to enjoy it immediately.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/20/2013,438,492,28,37,34>I am going to bump up my review to 5 stars for excellent service, great food, great snow, and good drinks.When I was here last time, one of the owners rang me up and gave me a rewards card.  When I told her I've been here before she gave me credit for items I got on my previous visits.  You earn rewards points for every drink and shaved snow purchase.  If you earn enough points you can redeem for free drink or snow.  Even though I came here mainly for their shaved snow the food is really good too.  So far I tried the shaken beef and rice, filet mignon steak in garlic and pepper sauce, and popcorn chicken.  They were all excellent.  As far as the shaved snow I have tried several and these are my favorites (in order) - taro, green tea, black sesame, Thai tea, chocolate, and avocado.  Actually I don't care for the avocado.  it's just weird.  Try the chocolate snow with bacon, sliced banana, Reese's pieces or Reese's Puffs, condensed milk, chocolate syrup, and caramel sauce.  I like their teas too but they are on the sweet side.  I think they will make them less sweet if you ask them.  The peach tea with strawberry bits and mint is my favorite so far.I like the fact I can get great food and my shaved snow in one spot.  I am currently addicted to this place.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/19/2013,859,701,23,30,30>Other Yelpers' raves about the Delmonico steak and the Lobster Mac and Cheese are to be taken seriously. Tried both and they were fantastic. The lobster mac & cheese was so good that I was talking about it the next day. I want more. I will come back for more. The dish is creamy, with big pieces of lobster and topped with bread crumbs. So good. Be careful when looking at the pictures of it, I thought it would be bigger from viewing some of the pics on here. It is still a good size for two people to share.The Delmonico steak - 15 year aged balsamic vinegar gives it an excellent flavor. One of the best steaks I have ever tried. It's one of the listed Chef's suggestions and rightfully so. Service wise, staff treats you well. You would want to go here for a special occasion, they will take care of you. For instance, there were a couple of birthdays being celebrated around us. The waiters snapped pictures for them and printed them out on a card. For our anniversary, they had a card waiting for us at the table with some pretty decorative red hearts on the table. The gave us a complimentary slice of flourless chocolate espresso cake and also took our picture. The staff were very nice. When I asked where the bathroom was, I was walked there. This restaurant pays attention to detail.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/18/2013,132,315,19,25,22>Thanks to Groupon, I recently took a sip of the Crossfit "cult" Kool-Aid at South Coast Crossfit.  And I'll tell you what; I found that Kool-Aid to be quite refreshing!But let me also tell you a few things about Crossfit in general (not just this location): Don't come to Crossfit to lose weight or to get into shape.  You need to already BE in good shape to even be able hang with these workouts.  Most of the workouts are only around 15 to 30 minutes in duration.  However, not only will these be some of the most intense minutes that you can imagine, the warm ups and cool downs proceeding/following are tougher than most regular full workouts you would encounter anywhere else.But don't be afraid..  You won't immediately be thrown into the fire.  You start with 1 introductory class, then 6 "On Ramp" classes which will teach you about form, technique, and what to expect from a WOD (Workout of the Day).  It is after your 6th On Ramp class that you advance into the regular Group Class level.  Group Classes are limited to around 10-14 people, giving you plenty of ass-kicking attention from your instructor.  The class size also lends itself to a built in feeling of both competition and comradery.  You're all in this together; but who can do it best?  It's an absolute pleasure to be surrounded by the type of hyper driven people that you'll meet at Crossfit.Call me a commitmentphobe, but I just can't do Crossfit enough times to justify the $150 per month price tag.  Although the workouts are quite diverse, I still like even more of a variety in my workouts and activities throughout my week, and also enjoy solo workouts.  Fortunately, South Coast Crossfit has an answer to that: Once you're logged into their system, they offer a "drop in" 10 pack for $150 ($15 per class).  Well worth a weekly (or so) ass-kicking in my opinion!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/17/2013,193,232,46,54,47>This is my third 5 star sushi place - one of our "go to" favorite places.How can three places be "as good as it gets?"Style/Category would be my answer. Shark replaces Sake Sushi as our favorite in the  Korean/fusion style of Sushi that features sauces, many types of rolls, and what some would call "non traditional" combinations.For the record: 5 stars for Sushi Noguchi in what I call "traditional, high end sushi", and 5 stars for Orange Sushi in my "Fast, Take Out Roll Category. Reviews seem to vary - According to our experiences this place is a little underrated. We have been there 3 or 4 times now, and have experienced good service, fresh quality sashimi, and a friendly, welcoming atmosphere that made us feel like regulars right from our first visit. We try to go on weeknights or get in there on Friday night early (5pm) usually only a few other parties - highly recommended at any sushi bar!Kevin is the owner, he has been there every time we've visited, as has Anny, one of the friendliest (although a little shy @ first) servers around. Kevin loved my pictures and has stepped behind the Sushi bar a few times and made us some of his specialties on the house, even has comped us some sake - we stay awhile and order quite a bit - we always feel appreciated!They tolerate/enjoy my laughable attempts at Korean (poorly read from my phone)!We have a routine - Start with sashimi, a mix of Hamachi, Salmon and Toro and/or Blue Fin Tuna - always fresh, never frozen, nice cuts, generous portions.Check the pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/shar…Shark has some other nice features - Live Sweet Shrimp - from tank straight to serving, doesn't get any fresher. First time there, my wife asks if she can get her own, chef says "sure "and proceeds to go in the back, seconds later, my lovely bride rolls up her sleeve and reaches shoulder deep into the tank, pulls out a shrimp and holds it up over head in the thrill of victory. Just as she does that and is dripping a bit in the restaurant the chef comes out with a long set of tongs and a priceless look of shock on his face - me and the the other patrons are cheering "hell yeah!" I married well!Sweet shrimp so fresh, it was a little freaky - the chef busted him in half put him in a wine glass full of ice and prepared the tail for sushi so fast that the head and eyes - top half of the shrimp was still moving - and watching us eat his tail. I couldn't wondering if he was thinking WTH is happening?Before and after pics: yelp.com/biz_photos/shar…yelp.com/biz_photos/shar…Other cool features - a large board with specials, fresh wasabi (ask for it) and a spin to win drink wheel!Our sushi bar plan of attack usually includes oysters, surf clam, then we go for unique items from the specials board, a couple of rolls, and ask for one Omakase dish! We love the unique preparations, and are fans of sauces, Japanese mayo mixes and the sort of thing that this "style" features.Always leave full! We enjoy a bit of prepared fruit at the end of the meal - usually an orange - really all I need, I'm not big on desserts. Portions continue to be generous throughout the meal, I'm not into discount sushi - I feel we get good value at about $110 -130 for two of us - this includes several beers, sometimes a few for the chefs.I believe they have a some Korean specialties, but other than Hite I haven't really noticed! I know they have "But light" (menu typo!). This is a really cool place - they give college students a discount. Plenty of easy parking, although hard to see from the street. Check out the quality in my pics and their video -  I think my pics (our dishes) are a little different than what most people order here. If you enjoy this type of Sushi (my wife loves sashimi and rolls!) you will find Shark Sushi is great place to become a regular.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,11/16/2013,474,495,77,91,84>My wife dragged me along to The OC Mart Mix the other day because she wanted to window shop and was craving some ice cream from N'iceCream. I am not a window shopper, don't enjoy the experience and can become bored and irritable in a hurry ... I am not the ideal shopping companion.  Which makes me wonder why my wife insists on dragging me along on these adventures; even if it is on an infrequent basis.  Staring at stuff I have no intention of buying is a useless activity in my humble opinion. Rohlinism:  When I shop it is with intent:  I know what I want, I buy it and I leave. Marriage is all about compromise and this is one of things I have to compromise on ... occasionally.So we jumped in the Edge, headed off The OC Mart Mix, parked and started looking around.  She showed me the area for the Farmer's Market and several of the more popular businesses ... your eyes are getting sleepy ... oh wait ... it was just mine.  Finally she led me to the one place where I knew we would be making a purchase ...  N'iceCream!N'iceCream is a small Gelato shop in the middle of the center.  It shares a building with several other businesses (I believe it was in the same building as We Olive & Wine Bar and The Cheese Shop).  The Gelato is made on site fresh everyday, with organic milk, cane sugar and natural raw ingredients.  There are no added colors, no added corn syrups or artificial flavors or sweeteners.  They have four permanent flavors and rotate a dozen on a daily basis.  For the daily list of flavors, you can go to this website ( ilovenicecream.com ).  On this day they prepared the following flavors:Permanent Flavors:Vanilla BeanSalted CaramelStracciatella (Chocolate Chip / Chunk)Pistachio Flavors of the Day:Chia Spiced Biscotti Peanut Butter ChipStrawberry SwirlThin MintHazelnutOrange Blossom with HoneyKey Lime PieChocolate ChiliApple SorbetStrawberry SorbetChocolate SorbetArnold Palmer Sorbet( yelp.com/user_local_phot… )( yelp.com/user_local_phot… )( yelp.com/user_local_phot… )They also have a list of prices and what they offer:  ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… )Basically it is a choices of choice of how many scoops (1 to 3 scoops pricing from $4 to $6 and a to-go pint for $10), Toppings ($.50 per topping) and Milkshakes (Regular $5.50 and Thick $6.50).  Without being prompted the server started offering us samples.  My wife tried the Thin Mint (thought it was very good, but didn't like the chunks of cookie mixed in), The Strawberry Swirl (very good) and the Chocolate Chili ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ).  I opted for the Key Lime Pie (didn't have that key lime bite, very bland) and the Peanut Butter Chip ( yelp.com/user_local_phot… ).  We both order two scoop cups, received our deliciousness and sat down in the lounge area next to the shop.  Laina really liked the chocolate and the after heat from the chilies.  I agreed.  I thought the Peanut Butter Chip was very good, although my wife would have preferred a chocolate peanut butter swirl (she is a chocoholic).  The Gelato was very creamy and the consistency was right between soft serve and the stuff you get at Baskin Robbins (not a fan of the hard stuff).  The only drawback being, I doubt the consistency would hold up to a lengthy car ride during the summer, making the to-go pints a poor option.The server was very friendly and answered several questions I had regarding the shop and preparation of the Gelato.  She wasn't your typical unengaged teenager who is just marking time at work because he / she needs the money.  She was knowledgeable and actually seemed happy to be working there.  I would definitely return to this location ... hopefully scans all the window shopping!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/15/2013,979,330,21,20,17>Absolutely stunning.When Duc and Minerva say they think you should try a place and then *invite* you to dine with them at that place, you go.You drop whatever you're doing and you go, mmmmmkay? Mmkay. Minerva has been feeding me hints about Lucca's new summer menu. At least every other time I've seen her, Lucca has come up in conversation. It is true, we mostly talk about food. And 7Leaves. and Owls. But, it really goes without saying she loves it here. Duc loves it. They love Chef Cathy. Chef Cathy loves them. It's all just a huge ball of Italian food love. So when it was time to CELEBRAT Minerva's birthday, where else were we to go? LUCCA LOVE. It was a Thursday. Dinner at 7. I work near LAX. I will admit, I wanted to explode on the 405, but I held my composure. I'm a classy guy. But I also did not eat the whole day, except for an apple and a cracker or two. Exceptions can be made. The service here is superior. Attentive waiters, servers, water dudes, you name it, they are all on point. The food is gorgeous. It smells gorgeous. It looks gorgeous. It sounds gorgeous. It tastes gorgeous. We started with the Burrata and Heirloom Tomato Salad. Sweet, creamy, milky di Stefano Burrata (a creamy, fresh mozzarella) deftly paired with beautiful heirloom tomatoes, baby argula, watermelon, basil, and onion dressed in a citrus vinaigrette and balsamic reduction. If this set the tone for the evening, this dish was heard loud and clear. Very Italian. Very much some of my favorite food. Next was the Calamari. Griddled, not fried and served on a bed of sweet peppers, corn, garbanzo beans, tomatoes, and chermoula (kind of like a citrusy chimichurri for fish). So fresh. So summery. Very Mediterranean, which is the culinary tour Chef Cathy is taking diners on this menu.Chef Cathy then surprised our table with some fabulous treats.First a charcuterie board of epic proportions, covered edge to edge in delicious house cured salumi, proscuitto di parma, speck, olives, figs, pickled cipollini onions, mustard seed, bread, and more pickles galore! This was a piece of art. I wished we did get some wine, but the food alone was enough to enjoy. Second, Pork in a Jar Picnic (pork rillette made from pork shoulder and pork belly) more bread for the rillette spread, pickled fig, and pickled raisins. Wow. This was bellissimo on the palette. For our mains, we shared a great deal of dishes starting with the Not Your Grandma's Chicken Thighs. Spicy IPA Marinated Jidori Chicken Thighs, grilled to absolute juicy perfection. Served with potatoes, Frissee, spinach, mint, and a really garlicky yogurt sauce. I could have this and be done...not really. But I wanted more of this!!Next was the Carbonara pasta. House made linguine topped with snake river farms confit pork, zucchini, haricot vert, and parmesan cheese. One of my favorites of the night. Lemon-Feta penne came at the same time. Another creamy pasta dish, but this time with the explosion of citrus! The feta was cut by the acidic nature of the lemon juice. It seemed like more than I would have liked, but boy what a beautifully smelling dish. New Zealand Sole with roasted potatoes and zucchini. I wanted to make out with those vegetables! The herbs we're up and in that thing. God. The Sole (a flounder) was expertly cooked in that pistachio crust. The sweetness of it complimented the veggies so well. Then we wrapped up our mains with the Hanger Steak. Served with HUGE truffle fries, which Minerva referred to as being massaged with truffle, green corn, and torched tomato and a sop-worthy sauce. What a simply delightful and photogenic meal (please see the pics)! Presentation certainly made everything we ate taste *that* much better. But if you thought that was all Chef Cathy was going to leave us with...oh no. Our last little bit consisted ricotta donut holes dusted in cinnamon sugar and served with one of the most amazing salted caramel ice creams I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. Dark chocolate was ironically over shadowed by the salted caramel. She just couldn't let us leave without having something sweet. God Bless that woman. Man. It pays to know people who have access to great food. Our group of 6 left extremely stuffed, happy, and perfectly ready for bed. Thank you Chef Cathy for a beautiful meal and having us at Lucca Cafe. I will surely be back with "the Council" soon and definitely for your next menu change.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/14/2013,1223,848,11,24,17>I love trying new places close by home or work.  Independent places, unlike chains, have a much tougher time getting a foothold.  This location has been notorious for bad restaurants and, with the really high rent in this area, close quickly.  This may be the 5th place to try to make a go of it.I gave it a shot and was really blown away.  The decor is the same as the recently departed City Grill....which is fine.  The service was less than stellar but it was not horrible.  The two things that stuck out were the lunch special plates and the taste.  For $7.95 you got a choice of entrees, plus an appetizer and dessert.  The choices were solid.  I selected the Turkish gyro.  Like a Greek gyro but this version was crunchier, more well done on the outside which gave it great texture and flavor.  The ezme appetizer was fabulous.  A finely chopped salad of red chile, onion and tomatoes, served cold.  Just delicious.  The rice was perfect and the pita bread was perfect....a slight crunch, thick and hot.  I also asked for a side of hummus and I was not charged.  That was delicious as well...very garlicy and flavorful.  I was not really looking forward to the rice pudding dessert but I was blown away by the rice pudding.A really good value, close to work, lots of Turkish clientele, and great food.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,1/27/2008,167,296,15,12,13>For the past few months, all I've been hearing is about a new crab sensation.  Everywhere I turn I hear "oooh I love boiling crab" or "omg I'm craving boiling crab"... boiling crab shmoiling crab!  I don't know what a "boiling crab" is (no, I don't live under a rock), but it might as well be a new religion with all the passion these dorks have towards silly crabs.  However, being the curious cat and equal opportunity berater that I am, I let a few boiling crab heads take me to their little sanctuary this past weekend.  I was enlightened.  What the heck?  Where have I been (under a rock apparently) to have missed out on the awesome salvation of crustaceous delight?It is a small place, capacity being 44, with ocean/fishing/seafood themed decorations which sort of reminded me of a mini version of Bubba Gump's.  There was no wait and hardly anyone inside, so it made me suspect that these rumors of hour long waits may have been fabricated.  I went with some hard core disciples who had their system down:  prefolded napkins, grubbin territory cordoned off with plastic spoons/forks, and plenty of elbow room.  Being the newbie, they started me off with the basic cajun fries and gumbo.  They were both quite delicious, but I wasn't convinced yet.  They had me say one last prayer to my god and began the conversion process... hot succulent shrimp, tender dungeness crab, freshly shucked oysters, moist catfish, juicy sausage, and holy mother of sweet corn!  And all covered in the ambrosia of the gods - the whole Sha-Bang.  I tried to keep my composure, but was caught licking a spoon covered in the heavenly nectar by one of the reformers.  He smiled, like a father looking down at a child, and at that moment I knew I had been lost.  As we neared the end of the meal, I found myself randomly poking the plastic bags hoping to find a hidden shrimp or two, but no such luck.  Now I understand.  I can honestly emphathize with the above said comments.  I found myself texting another friend (and previous convert) the exact same words..."ooh I love boiling crab!" and it hadn't even been 2 hours of finishing.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,1/26/2008,196,146,13,16,12>Ok, after the insane Met-Rx workout, we were famished.  My body was in need of some egg whites and oatmeal.  Is there any place to get that without grease?  Apparently so!  SIX egg whites are on the menu!  I don't have to settle for three!  Oatmeal, thick with a side of peanut butter..Holy miercoles!  Diana H, I got to make peanut butter oatmeal!  You would have been so proud!  Not to mention all the other healthy options on the menu.  And everything that I ordered came out just as I specified.  Such a great place for a post workout meal.  Oh, and the coffee.  Excellent.  I am VERY picky about my coffee.  I know, like that should be any different?  And for all you non-workout, non-neurotic people (read: normal) - the regular breakfasts look quite yummy.  Yes, you can get pancakes, french toast, and eggs with yolks if you so choose.   Just be sure to get in an hour of cardio to work it all off.  Feel free to join me for a spin class.  Or not.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2007,1/24/2008,210,232,17,7,9>all i could think of when sampling my first mochilatos was that i looked like david chappelle's crack addict character, tyrone biggums. how do i eat these things without getting white powder all over my lips?! while the mochi was fresh, the concoction of soft exterior and brain-freeze, teeth-numbing surprise center didn't leave me craving for more.. ever. i will probably return for some shaved ice, cause that's where the action seems to be at.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,1/22/2008,91,228,12,9,11>One of the best advice I can give you is this, like drunk dialing, DO NOT GO SHOPPING WHEN YOU ARE FEELING BLUE.yes, you may feel instant gratification, but lemme tell you, that gratification WILL only be temporary (like people eating their pain away) until you realize, "F*CK! I really spent ALL that money on clothes!"Of the three Steve and Barry's I've been to; the Block, Ontario Mills, and this one; Buena Park is probably the biggest & MESSIEST one. They have an upstairs for men and a downstairs for women.  Unfortunately, they only have two fitting rooms for women, and its a pain in the ass to get them to open the doors for you because that entails you hunting one of the workers down (i know, run-on sentence, bite me!) And the place is pretty much a disaster zone....no lie.So i'll let you in on a little secret, I never spend more then $20 dollars on a piece of clothing. And Sarah Jessica Parker's got it right, "Fashion is not a luxury, it's a right."  If you can find nice looking clothes for cheap, and the material isn't crappy, what the hell are you waiting for?Given that i didn't think their jeans were all that great (that includes Sarah Jessica Parker and Amanda Bynes lines) because they fit weird and made my ass look flat, their clothes are really decent, or should i say, SJP and AB's clothes are really decent?  The summary of my trip?-1.5 hrs looking around-3 trips to the fitting room (hunted down a worker twice, and the third time, i slid under the door because i'm gansta' like that and didn't want to flag down and find another worker)-Dug through the mountains of clothing-spent $100 dollars.I know what you're gonna say, "$100 dollars on clothing is not that bad," it is when you're working a minimum wage job, dealing with crappy customers and paying your tuition at the same time.  At the moment, i'm pretty satisfied, but like a nasty hangover, I know i may regret my actions in the morning :)
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,1/21/2008,1095,3855,16,17,17>UPDATED 01-06-2008: Went back again today for lunch, had the mojarra again. Excellent. I remembered to bring my camera too so got a few shots of the food. Hubby had carne asada ($11.95) this time and they ask you if you want it spicy. Then they top your carne asada with julienned jalapenos and onions. YUM!--------------------------------------------------­--I'm kicking myself for forgetting to put the battery into my camera. It was on the charger and the lighting was too dim to use my cell's camera. In any case, we'd seen this place before and I'd always been reluctant to try it. However, we really felt like Mexican and so took a chance.I almost changed my mind when we walked in due to the clientele. There were almost no Mexican people eating in here. Only one table with 2 Mexican guys probably doesn't say much. Still, I didn't want to go looking for another place to eat at so we just stayed.I got the mojarra frita ($11.99) as usual. It's my favorite thing in the world to eat a whole fried fish. Hubby got the camarones a la mojo de ajo ($14.99? -- I'll double check and update later) which are garlic shrimps. Lil guy got a kids meal of chicken quesadilla with beans and rice.For 2 bucks more you can add a cup of soup to your meal so I got the tortilla soup and hubby got the pozole. I wasn't too keen on the pozole, it tasted bland to me even after adding all the condiments. I thought my tortilla soup was rather tasty except there was WAY too much tortillas strips but then again, that's the name of the soup.Usually, I get my mojarra frita from the Taco Stop. It's about 5 bucks less but let me just say this.... the one here was worth the extra 5 bucks hands down. The fish was far meatier and it was fried to perfection. Every bit of the fish was edible and man let me tell you, I tore that bad boy up (hubby's words).Hubby's shrimps were also very very tasty. There was a lot of garlic and jalepenos which added to the flavor. The shrimps were also very fresh and had a great snap to them. Lil guy's quesadilla was filled with cheese and meat that it was plump. I'd never seen so much stuffing in a quesadilla before. On top of that the beans and rice were quite delicious too.The service was great too. This lovely man (I presume is the owner) would come out and chat to his customers and I know they are regulars because they would all address one another by name. He came over to us and chatted with us too and asked if it was our first time there. We told him yes. He said "well I hope it won't be your last". We were quite happy to tell him that nope.... we'll be back for sure!Hubby also had a margarita.... they use patron in 'em and not that cheap Jose Cuervo crap. The margarita was $10 but it was worth every penny.4.5 stars and since I'm feeling rather generous.... I'm bumping it up to 5 stars!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,1/19/2008,24,20,13,5,8>The only thing I can liken to the feeling of going to the 99 Cents Only store is that excitement you got as a kid the day before you went to Disneyland. And I guess this is saying more about my "thrifty miser-tood" or my "always poor lacking in ambition-tood" than how actually awesome it actually is to visit this chain. But, oh well, I'm not really looking to impress you or your bourgeois (spelled that right the first time without the red dots lining up underneath, take that ese) education and even more bourgeois reviews (eg Sushi). This particular store is a Mecca! It is what all 99 Cents Only stores aspire to but ultimately fail at due to such nasty things as "location" or "zoning laws" or "Total Household Accumulated Earnings Report". To get down to brass tacks this place is basically the size of an Alpha Beta. It has a small frozen foods section, a small produce section, a super long aisle of cookies and crackers and even an equally long candy aisle as well. All the regular "dollar store" shit is here too, you know: cleaners and degreasers up-the-ass, a 99 cent mop, school supplies, random DVD's that look bootleg, but aren't, candles, arts and crafts stuff and also a section for indoor plants. This is a list of what I purchased tonight:1. 2 Bars of Irish Spring soap2. A bucket3. 2 packages of Sour Punch Straws (Hey, I like sour candy)4. Brawny brand paper towels5. Baby corns (marinated)6. A can of Nalley's Wawa Chili (I have no idea what it is)7. A clip board8. A package of taffy9. 2 things of baking soda10. 4 packages of "Top Ramen"11. "imitation" Pine Sol spelled Pin-Sole12. A jar of Kalamata olivesI might add that a black woman sang "Band of Gold" by Freda Payne to me.Oh, and like Alpha Beta, do them a favor and "tell a friend".
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,1/16/2008,84,132,18,5,8>If I could have a discrete (or not so discrete) love affair with the fish and chips and the lobster tacos here I totally would.The lobster taco's name would be Felipe. He would be a fisherman from a small, coastal town in Baja. He would play the guitar for me and refer to me as his "gordita." We would drink tequila and do it on the sand.The fish and chips would be named William. Will would be extremely witty and disarmingly attractive (despite his fucked-up teeth). We would talk politics and Chaucer over a few pints and then he would take me up to his flat where we'd listen to records all night. Will and Felipe would know about each other and they'd be OK with our arrangement. They would realize that one might lack what the other could give me, and neither of them would want to deny me of true happiness.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,1/15/2008,381,419,13,18,14>How can I not love this place? All I have is an hour for lunch and they go by so fast. I need something quick, edible and fresh. Cheap is just the icing.Cream Pan has all my favorites and sometimes I get the major head pain when I get there looking dumbfounded with no set plans. You have the infamous cream pan, chicken katsu sandwich, yakisoba sandwich, kinako, croquette sandwich, chocolate horn, chocolate croissant, and azuki cream. With just 5 bucks, I can get lunch and dinner already.Why is lunch only an hour? There's always the food coma that comes with it after every lunch...
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2007,1/14/2008,196,316,6,6,9>Thank goodness I always have quarters rolling around in my purse. The bf and I had to flip a coin a few times tonight to decide who would get to eat the last bite of each dish. We arrived just before 7 p.m. and there was no wait at all. I instantly recognized the former space of Kanpai Sushi, where I had lunch a handful of times nearly a decade ago.I loved Ikkos's warm, candlelit atmosphere, black tabletops and the lively hum of intimate conversations. What started out as a spontaneous dinner decision turned out to be a fantastic date with creative twists on conventional fare.We started with the tuna carpaccio and I was dazzled by the artistic and elegant presentation. Tender slices of tuna topped with a tiny smattering of shiitake mushrooms, green onions and bits of deep fried garlic -- all surrounded by a light drizzle of soy ginger ($12). Delicious. Next we had the seaweed salad. Again, a mundane dish was transformed into something wonderful. An assortment of crunchy and slick seaweed slivers mixed with dried seaweed strips in a light but zesty vinaigrette ($8). BF: "Can I lick the plate?"I was worried that our albacore with avocado and salsa ($12) would be too weird a cultural hybrid creation but I was happy to be wrong. Buttery slices of albacore were wrapped around avocado and topped with chopped tomatoes, onions and pickles! V. refreshing.Service was excellent, our waiter was incredibly attentive and he even tried to give us recommendations. We took him up on trying the salmon with tortilla chips ($13). I'm not even a big fan of salmon but I was giddy w/ food happiness and obliged. Melt-in-your-mouth curls of salmon wrapped around a crispy tortilla chip and topped with slivers of green onion and fish eggs. Delightful.BF's once tired and droopy eyes had now perked up and they were rolling to the back of his head with each dish.We finished with some simple tuna tataki, albacore and fresh octopus.All were extremely fresh and satisfying, the wasabi burning through my nostrils with every bite. A bit more of it than I'm used to, but surprisingly, it didn't detract. However, the fresh octopus ($6.50) was absolutely divine, like nothing I've ever had before. Small white discs that looked almost like slender fluffy pillows atop the bed of vinegared rice. There was a dab of yuzu that complemented the octopus perfectly. God I could eat a platter of those. BF: "I am in a state of utter zen and happiness right now."I couldn't agree more, especially since I won ALL of the coin tosses, woo-hoo. *Update: 8/24: What can I say? Ikko is my new crack? Two dinners and one lunch. Dinner for some reason wasn't as magical the second time around, likely because we had to split the food 4 ways and couldn't get full. Lunch was cool, had the tuna bowl with cold soba. The salad it came with was really salty, but being the sodium queen that I am, I was perfectly OK with that. The petal slices of fresh ruby-hued tuna melted in my mouth. But it was that vanilla ice cream with the red beans that really did it for me. I could eat three servings.Yay to all the Yelpers who recommended this joint!Update 9/7: Um, hi. I overdose on restaurants I like. Been here 5 times in less than a month. There are some inconsistencies. Almost choked on my fresh octopus a few times due to some exceptionally rubbery toughness and the quality of some of the sushi is also uneven, stellar on some days, just passing muster on others. Still ranks superior to most sushi joints in OC.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,1/13/2008,0,194,7,9,15>Bourgeois.So, Sunday night I took a drive down to Orange County.  Costa Mesa to be exact.  I went there to meet with some fellow cyclists.  It was for the Bourgeois Boat Parade Ride.  We met a triangle square and rode down to Balboa Island to watch the rich people hang christmas lights from their yachts/ boats and travel up and down Balboa Island...it was underwhelming to say the least.But in the end it was a good night of riding, eating and drinking.  When we finished the ride while most people went home, myself and a few of the other riders went down to the Avalon Bar...well, they invited and I came along.To be completely honest, when we rode up to the bar I was a little apprehensive.  I mean, we WERE in Orange County.  No offense OC'ers, but it's just not my scene.  Anyways, we walked in and the place looked a little bourgie for my taste but I'm always willing to give a place a chance.  It was a cool enough bar.  Dark, low lighting, decent decor, one bartender and very interesting mixture of people...black, white, latino, Persian, Asian.  Felt like home.  I ordered a beer.  One of the guys I showed up with, walked in and ordered his beer.  Next thing I know the bartender is putting a 32oz of Miller High Life into a paper bag for him.  Hmmmm, maybe I had this place all wrong.The first ten or fifteen minutes was just me taking in the place, the people and the ambiance.  And then I focused on the music the DJ was playing.  Sick.  The rest of the night was music appreciation.  Whoever that DJ was he rocked it all night with some really good fucking music.  Hip-hop, big beat, beat/instrumental, electronic.  The DJ and the two unassuming white kids who walked in and got on the mic blew me away.  Fucking A.  Good company, good music and good conversation.  The Avalon Bar learned me.I don't care if they don't serve hard alcohol...the music alone made me give this place 5 stars.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2006,6/29/2007,469,413,5,4,5>This was the first West Coast store opened by the Spanish firm. With prices and designs that often beat those of the lately-too-conservative Banana Republic (a division of The Gap, Inc.) Zara brings a fresh breath in the otherwise unfortunate vacuum of male pret-a-porter fashion in North America.As far as the ladies department is concerned: we feel it's really good, with lots of fresh items (formal/informal dresses, t-shirts, sport clothes, tank tops, mini and not so mini skirts, shoes, sneakers, etc.) often offered at great sale prices. But for some reason their men's department seems to be arranged more neatly, while the ladies section tends to get really chaotic, with all the girls struggling to beat the massive competition in finding the best looking item for the best possible price in the shortest amount ot time...Anyway if you are at the Costa Mesa mall, and are between the ages of 16 & 35 (my estimate- no offense k?), definitely check Zara out.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,6/28/2007,86,264,3,4,8>Once inside this place it felt like it belonged more in K-town than a city like Buena Park.  I felt like I stepped up a notch in the social ladder just dining at this classy place.  This marked the first time I've ever had Nakji Bo Kum which was pretty awesome. Spicy korean pasta never knew it even existed. I'll have to be on the lookout for it at other places now.  The Korean BBQ was pretty great too. The meats were all pretty good and there was an overwhelming amount of those little korean dishes.  This place probably isn't the greatest place to have a big group over 8-9. The largest table seemed to sit 8 so you'd have to split the group into two tables.  Shouting across tables isn't terribly fun.  I'd also recommend making reservations here since it was packed on a thursday nite.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,6/27/2007,46,179,8,13,11>No reconstituted meat here! (Wow, we live in a world where that is somehow remarkable... so sad.)Chick-Fil-A is to chicken what In-N-Out is to beef... oddly enough, this is true right down to the Christian ownership of the company. Religion aside, Chick-Fil-A offers truly superior fast food... and just like In-N-Out, the sandwiches are vastly superior to the fries. Just thinking of it now, I'm getting hungry. If I were a farmed chicken, I would be honored if I were to know that my death would be a worthy, chick-fil-a death.I recommend the chick-fil-a sandwich and opt for the wheat bun. If you check out the health info, Chick-Fil-A isn't that bad for you, but if you go for the wheat bun you cut out a startling amount of the fat and improve the taste, so you might want to check that out. Also, word to the wise, they're closed on Sundays.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2007,6/26/2007,318,98,14,14,11>i got here a little late.  walking to the door i heard music...which intrigued me initially.  I walk in and feel a bit confused as to what the hell the music was about.  Oh well.  "hello! hello!" i said to the table.  The music starts back up....oh man...wth!I couldnt hear anything(other than vincent's sweet whispers into my ear) or talk to anyone.Ok to the food.  We order the 7 course beef thingamabob.  I was hoping for a TON of food.  It ended up being like 3 meats on ONE plate for 3-4 of us to share and 4 small plates of thin meat to cook for the 7 of us.  Everything pretty much tasted the same cuz i just wrapped up everything in the spring roll paper and used the fish sauce.  I give this place an extra star because the people working there were at least pretty nice and seemed to feel somewhat bad about the singing that was going on by the party in the front.   Oh btw, they dont bring you a check, you have to go to the register and pay.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,6/25/2007,677,614,3,8,8>Richmond Bakery is an old school Korean bakery inside Hannam Chain Super Market. Ann K. pretty much nailed it with her review of all their offerings and it's definitely a solid (and cheaper) alternative to Paris Baguette next door.What's great about their selection of baked goods is their deal where you can choose up to 13 of their delicious breads and pastries for $10.Some good choices are the Gombo Bbang (soft sweet roll with crunchy crust) and Paht Bbang (Red Bean Bun). Their cream puffs are great. The custard inside is thick, fragrant, and creamy with a slightly eggy texture. Their chestnut bread is fantastic also, a fluffy loaf of white bread studded with sweet chestnuts. I always grab a loaf when I'm there. Try the tapioca rolls too- chewy and nutty in flavor, they're really good. All the refrigerated cakes have fruit toppings and frosting and filling made with fresh cream so it's very light and refreshing .They also have soft serve ice cream and red bean shaved ice which is a great way to satisfy your sweet tooth or top off a satisfying Korean meal in the food court next door.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2007,6/24/2007,458,201,17,11,11>Julian's Tortillaria  is about a mile east of the 605 fwy on Carson St. in Hawaiian Gardens. Hawaiian Gardens has more soul than all the Hawaiian Islands put together. .Julian's makes really good homemade mexican food in a perfect deli style atmosphere in a strip mall next to a laundrymat.I once saw an actual guy wearing a green Pancho Villa outfit as normal clothes here. He was not in a mariachi band; and he wasn't going to work at Fiesta Village in Knott's Berry Farm, this is just what he wears. It was all worn too, like he wears it every day.I order the bean and cheese burrito with rice mostly, but everything's pretty good.Oh, it's also a tortilla factory. You get to walk past the tortillas on conveyor belts to go to the bathroom. Well, you used to. No bathroom access anymore.  This goes back to a good rule of thumb for Mexican restaurants. If you have to walk through the kitchen, or a tortilla factory to get to the restroom, you are in the right place.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2007,6/23/2007,53,68,13,9,9>As we all know, pirates are all about the following things (in no particular order):-Looting-Pillaging-Sailing the High Seas-Booty-Drinking-Puffy shirts-PG-13 to R-rated merrymaking (perhaps of the homoerotic variety, although not necessarily).Thus, one would expect a Pirate Dinner Adventure to be a perfect blend of all these things, perhaps taken down a notch for the sake of the children.Indeed, this is pretty much what you get from the experience.  There is pillaging and looting in the form of high flying fight sequences.  The stage is surrounded by a moat, taking care of the sailing.  There is plenty of booty, and with your meal you will be offered the choice of beer or flat coke, with a free refill!  And while there is merrymaking, sometimes it seems a little too tepid to be authentic to the pirate experience.  I don't care if little Johnny is in the audience, he's going to have to learn about real life someday, it might as well be from watching pirates slice off the appendages of other pirates.  But perhaps I am asking for too much.The food here is not great, but what is great is the room of free appetizers that they have before the show.  Make sure you get there early and stuff your face full of the delicious appetizers, because the main course leaves a little something to be desired.  All in all it is a fun experience.  It's perhaps better suited for groups, but the cost can be prohibitive to getting a group of people together.   However, it was still the most adventure I've ever had during dinner.  Now if someone would only open a Ninja Adventure Theater...
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2007,6/21/2007,0,0,10,7,7>An oasis in the desert of shitty burger joints (which happens to be Long Beach).MVP reminds me of some sea-side "mom and pop" joint on Martha's Vineyard. The facade is kind of funky and spells out "Family Owned", not literally,  you idiot. There is even a lighted arrow pointing to the "order here" window. I love it.Without getting all "bullshitty" and worded down: MVP is quite simply one of the best burger stands in Long Beach. Everything I have tried on the menu is great. From salads to sandwiches to your everyday burger each item is made with tastiness in mind. The french fries here are legendary, as well is the cajunaise sauce. A note to the cautious reader: only order a HALF ORDER of fries. It really is enough for two. I have never even seen a FULL ORDER of fries and am sure it is equivalent to a full sack of potatoes. Also ask for them "cajun style", which means they pour on a shitload of herbs and spices that makes them, well, "Cajun"...I guess? The sandwiches here are also bomb-as-fuck! The Ditka is my favorite...and also healthy; a turkey sandwich on squaw bread with sprouts and lettuce and tomato. What else could you ask for? I personally would rather have all the menu items named after musicians and bands (think "I'll take the Butthole Surfers Burger" - which includes peanut butter, bubble gum and a pineapple ring), but we can't always get what we want...can we?
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2007,6/20/2007,160,245,1,7,5>Wow. I do not claim to be any sort of expert of Vietnamese food, but I know a good bowl of pho since it's one of my favorite foods. And Thanh My serves a solid bowl of pho, maybe the 2nd best I've ever had!I'm very rarely in OC, but I was in the area visiting friends. Naturally, I couldn't not stop in Westminster for some pho-loving goodness. We were sent to Thanh My partly because it was "clean," which worried me. Does it really matter if it's clean? No. My eating partner is a bit of clean freak, I thought it important to humor her. Nonetheless, I was thoroughly impressed with Thanh My!While the service was quick, I had some quibbles.. I asked for extra bean sprouts that never came. Most of the food came out almost right after we ordered (which obviously means they had it pre-made), while my bowl of pho took forever to arrive. While the restaurant was sparkly, the spoons were sticky and ick. They never actually brought our check to us.I don't know what I'm even bitching for, because the FOOD WAS BOMB. We had three classic dishes: cha gio, bbq pork chops over broken rice, and pho dac biet. Everything was perfect and DELICIOUS, altho I didn't actually eat any of the rice. Maybe it's all the time spent in West LA where good Vietnamese food is impossible to find, but shit, I enjoyed myself. My current go-to Viet spot in Westminster until somebody directs me elsewhere. (Edit: I should do more research, cuz I've never really eaten in Westminster.. OC Viets, tell me where to eat!)It's also open late apparently, which is always a plus in my book!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2006,6/19/2007,79,175,4,6,5>Every time there is a gathering of eats at my place of business, I swing by Sarkis Pastry to pick up their deliciousness. I've only tried a dozen or so of their sweets and treats, but my favorite so far is their Coconut Cookie: a crunchy coconut delight with a touch of apricot jam in the middle.When I first tried it, I was startled at how much I liked it. Now that I've had many, I want more. I love this cookie so much I want to marry it.Have a Coconut Cookie: a crunchy coconut delight with a touch of apricot jam in the middle. It will transform your soul. Only at Sarkis Pastry, the best Sarkis in town.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,6/28/2010,1224,425,16,15,12>I'm docking off a star for the crazy wait and the fact that I don't feel comfortable bumming it out here. I mean c'mon.. it's breakfast.. who dresses up for that?!The santa fe eggs benedict are scrumptious. I took my boyfriend here one time and he nearly had a heart attack from joy when he saw the dungeness crab omelette on their menu. Only downside of the menu is the fact that I felt like I was drinking my mimosa out of a thimble. So tiny!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,6/27/2010,413,131,5,8,8>The bf (see review below) claimed this place as one of his favorite hole in the wall and finally, I got a taste of it yesterday!  I wanted to try the chasiu burrito that everyone was talking about..ordered it and inhaled it. It was like a sweet burrito.. very interesting to the palate. Who would've thought avocados, fried rice and chasiu wrapped in tortilla would taste so good together?! The bf ordered the shrimp burrito and crab cheese wonton. I took a bite of each and loved the crunchy texture of the fried shrimp. I'll have to back with him to try the other items on their menu, but I am definitely impressed with the chasiu burrito (even though I was full for the rest of the day and fell into a food coma shortly after).
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,6/26/2010,747,442,6,7,5>I like it here, came with my sister and the waitress was really nice, not sweet, but loud and nice. My sister ordered the Seafood with Grilled Rice ($7.95) - the grilled rice was really cool, it came out flat like a rectangle with a hard surface on the exterior; and as for the seafood, it was sauteed with shrimp, fish fillets, scallops, and mushrooms - kind of flavorless to me, but my sister liked it. I on the other hand ordered the House Special Egg Noodles ($5.95 - regular) and I loooved it! It had bbq pork, chicken, chinese broccoli and an egg in it. The texture of the noodles was perfect, the amount of meat was good, and the soup on the side was warm and tasty. Will be back for sure because I need to bring the Mister here since he loves Egg Noodles.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,6/25/2010,410,178,8,16,17>Came here earlier today to do some well needed thinking...been awhile since I actually got to clear my mind and as usual, this place is just what I needed. Like I said before, something about this place just helps you let go of everything weighing you down; whether it be stress, anger, heartbreak...anything. You leave like a huge weight has been lifted off your shoulders. I came to think about my life, where I was and where I was headed...I came here confused and a little lost and left more collected then I have been in awhile. It's like the ocean is my magic eightball...I ask a question in my mind and everytime a wave comes in...it seems like I find my answer...(sounds corny...I know lol) but everyone gets overwhelmed with this thing called life and we all need somewhere to gather ourselves...Inspiration Point just happens to be my spot.....two songs I listen to that gets my mind thinking youtube.com/watch?v=9Y4r…youtube.com/watch?v=5pqi…
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,6/20/2010,461,582,7,14,11>I have been a customer since 1990. This past Saturday night, the hostess was the daughter of the owner. Geez, that was a reality check. I don't recall seeing her since she was a little girl.  Time changes things, like my waistline! But  it dawned on me that Roma D'Italia hasn't changed too much.  And that's a good thing with a really good restaurant. The Corea Family of central Italy opened this in 1961.  It's still in the same homey looking stone and wood frame building with tables outside. Inside, it's packed with tables covered with red-white checkerboard tablecloths. It's kept the same wood paneled and brick walls, so words bounce back so you can hear everyone.. Especially on weekends, it's crowded, loud, and lively with families and friends laughing, talking, and enjoying the food while Italian muzak and the subtle scent of garlic  flows through the air. It's a casual friendly place.My favorite dishes are the baked in it's serving dish pastas like Roma D'Italia baked spaghetti  ($13) which is served with meat sauce, ricotta and parmesan cheeses and mushrooms. The baked mostaccioli ($13) is similar, but includes diced eggplant. On this recent dining, I ordered the half and half  ($12) with half meat ravioli and half spaghetti, and you choose the filling for the ravioli as well as meat or red sauce. Their sauce is hearty and thick with obvious garlic. With a glass of red wine from their wine list, it was just an awesome meal. A friend had the manicotti ($11). With that first poke of the fork the dish gives off a wonderful aroma.Families love it here because you can order a large 14" pizza fo feed the kids for under $17.  You can get different toppings for each half of the pizza for a little extra There are also lots of different seafood selections like shrimp and mussels, and they serve veal dishes as well.  The menu is expansive, and prices are reasonable for the quality of their food. They bring out their own simple baked rolls with butter when you first sit.  It's a simple recipe, but when warm with butter , it's simply very good.  It crumbles all over so you'll see many different ways people keep crumbs sprinkling  down into blouses or shirts. The service is pretty quick, usually food arrives in 15 minutes. Their house salad ($4) is romaine chopped up with grape tomatoes, lots of cheese, and sweet red onions with a vinaigrette served on the side. Our server was Kelly.  Like all their wait staff, she was not only efficient, but very friendly, knows the menu, and all servers look like they enjoy working there.  What's cool to me is that at closing time, the employees gather at a table and get to feast together with the owner.  Late diners like we often are, still get service if we need it. Our waitress still got up to pack my leftovers in a small aluminum tray with plastic and put it in a small paper bag. You can actually watch the cooks prepare the food from the front of the restaurant. It"s a great place for groups since they can rearrange the tables in a flash. It gets really crowded on weekends after 6 PM - 9 PM. Even on some week nights, it can get packed. Parking can be tough on weekends, but if you have to, park it across the street at the Shopping center.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,6/19/2010,110,113,6,8,10>THE GIST: GRAB A NUMBER or never be helped! A German deli offering high quality sausages, cured meats, cold cuts, other German and deli items. Mattern offers THE BEST GERMAN POTATO SALAD around town! Another BESTEST part of this deli-- there are super chilled single bottles of great tasting German beer in the fridge ready for you to pair with your sandwich or sausage!OVERALL: Our family has been coming here for years (probably over 10 years) for the sandwiches but we have just never had a passion to go into the deli ourselves and experience the wonders of Mattern....  that is until we saw this place was getting lots of rave reviews on Yelp! WHAT WE TRIED:1) GERMAN HAM AND GERMAN SALAMI ON RYE: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Now if you are not familiar with the meats go ahead and ask to try a slice so you know if you like the taste. The German ham and salami taste so good, you could just eat the slices all by themselves (which we have after taking some home with us). Let's just say you know you aren't eating some Buddig deli slices when you try the cold cuts here! The sandwich also comes with a spear of sweet dill pickle which is not our cup of tea since we are sour dill pickle fans but we still ate it! 2) SAUSAGES GALORE: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! We brought home so many sausages we honestly couldn't keep track of what was what but we would say the non-cured sausages taste better since we like the more meaty taste. The bratwurst was delicious, the spicy sausage (also a brat?) we got was the best tasting--sweet, salty, spicy, and meaty tasting! The cured sausages (meaning you don't need to cook them) are ready to be sliced and eaten. We recommend letting the cured sausage slices get to room temperature before you eat it so you can enjoy the fat and meat combo to the fullest taste but these sausages lack the rich meaty taste (maybe that's the German style?)--OPT FOR GERMAN SALAMI INSTEAD!!3) GERMAN POTATO SALAD: HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Wow.. this potato salad is seriously the best we've had in a long time. It's warm, has small chunks of ham or bacon, just the right amount of seasoning, a hint of mustard and just melts in your mouth with every bite....we would say it's almost like great tasting mashed potatoes. It is a MUST TRY  for sure! 4) BEER ME: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! We really appreciate Mattern not price gouging their patrons for buying single bottles of beer to enjoy with their meal or meats! $2 to $3 dollars for a bottle of German beer is fantastic and pretty much what you'd pay if you went to BevMo! Thanks to a local regular who frequents Mattern often we were introduced to some new German Hefs (Hefeweizen) that were not bitter, had great aftertastes, and complimented our sandwich! For those of you who may be overwhelmed with the beer selection and like to try  a new Hef or two, we recommend: ERDINGER HEFE-WEIZEN or WEIHENSTEPHANER- HEFEWEISSBIER DARK. Both are SUPERB Hefs!SERVICE: It sure can be intimidating to see all these meats and decide what exactly you want on your sandwich or what to take home and try... don't be shy to ask what is what, the staff is pretty patient when it's not too busy! Try describing  what flavors you like to eat (spicy, salty, porky, beefy, etc.) and they can probably recommend a couple of things to try!  Where can you go nowadays where you to go a deli that has you pay after you finished eating and bring your empty bottles of beer up to the cashier's when you are done to add up your total... now that's trust :D! ENVIRONMENT: Loved the Edelweiss and other folky music playing in the background. There are fold out long tables where you can sit and enjoy your food and beer.. watch out though there is limited seating here! Didn't get a chance to browse around the store but it looks like there are a lot of  German goods for you to buy.LAST WORDS: Danke Yelpers! As always, you really know your good eats!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,6/18/2010,932,808,5,12,7>I was looking for a restaurant with prix fixe menu with reasonable price, and came across Orange Hill Restaurant.  From my internet research, I found out that they had a $21.95 3 course sunset dinner daily from 4:30pm to 6pm.  Also people said this restaurant has a stunning view.  I made an early dinner reservation for 5pm.We drove on the winding road up the hill to the restaurant.  Parking is valet only.  Even though valet is complimentary, on the sign it said "suggested gratuity $3.50.  So we paid $3.50 when we picked up our car.We were about 15 minutes late, but still the first ones to arrive. Knowing my friends for 15+ years, I already expected them to be late.  So we took the time to enjoy the view at the patio while waiting for them.I wanted a fruity martini, and our waitress (they have waitress for the patio area too) suggested her favorite drink, Blueberry Cosmo.  It was SUPER DUPER good!  It was sweet and fruity and yummy!  When Sybil came, she also ordered one and loved it, too.  Dr. P got the manly dry gin martini.  It was really strong.We sat on the patio by the pitfire, sipped cocktail, and watched the sunset.  It was beautiful and romantic.  The view is beautiful here.  We could even see Catalina Island in the distance.The entire party finally arrived at 6:30pm, and we moved inside to the dining room.  Bar bill cannot be added on to dinner bill, and had to be paid separately.  I love the cocktail and the view here.  I would love to come back again just to sit on the patio in the afternoon sipping my blueberry cosmo and chat with friends.The restaurant was very dark (and romantic & pretty).  So I apologize for the bad quality of my dark pictures.  The special sunset dinner prix fixe menu is only served between 4:30pm to 6:00pm.  We were given the regular menu, but decide to ask our waitress about it anyway.  She went to talk to someone (manager maybe?) and came back and told us that she was told only 4 of us were here before 6pm, but she's just gonna let us do the menu this time.  That was very nice of her.  The $21.95 3 course dinner was definitely a deal because just their regular entree is about $30 normally.The meal started with some bread.  There were white bread and this dark bread (rye?) with raisin.  I love the raisin bread.  Seriously, it was so dark in there  that I couldn't even see the dark bread I was eating. Besides butter, there were also pesto for the bread.  The pesto was very good.  I ate too much bread because of it.As I mentioned before, the 3 course dinner was $21.95.  I put the regular price of the dish under the pictures for reference.  There were 3 choices for first course.  I didn't order this because I thought it would be deep fried and oily.  But it wasn't at all.  Calamari Fritti was lemony and light.  I like the garlic/lemon/white wine sauce a lot.Dr. P got Maine Lobster Bisque.  He said it tasted better than the one he had at Roy's.  I had some and it was pretty good.  No lobster in the soup though.I ordered Orange Hill Salad.  The greens were fresh.  I like the combination of candied walnut, raisin, and bleu cheese.  The citrus vinaigrette was tasty.  It was a good salad.My two girlfriends both ordered Drunken Mahi Mahi.  I had a bite of the fish, it was good.  They both liked the mahi mahi.All the guys ordered Prime Rib.  I had some from Dr. P's plate.  It was one good piece of prime rib.  Very flavorful and tender.I ordered Australian Roasted Rack of Lamb.  It came with 3 pieces.  It was alright.  Wasn't bad, but didn't blow me away.  Out of the 3 dishes, I think I like the prime rib the most.Our waitress brought me  two small pieces of birthday treats, and my friends sang happy birthday to me. One piece was chocolate cake, the other one was cheesecake. Then she brought us our cheesecake after that.  The cheesecake was creamy and rich.  It was good, but I was too full to finish it.This was the beautiful night view from our table.  After dinner, we moved outside, sat by the pitfire, and just chatted away the whole night.  We left at 10pm when the restaurant turned off the lights.  haha....The food was good, not awed good, but just good.  The view was stunning, and the ambiance was very romantic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for special occasions.  Their sunset dinner is the best value.  Be sure to come early to enjoy the outdoor patio with a cocktail.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,6/15/2010,468,276,20,15,17>Thai Gulf restaurant is "hole-in-the-wall underdoggery" science at it's finest and I see now why he doesn't opt for a bigger venue. He's a pragmatic, service-devoted and (for the lack of a better term) awesome in so many ways. The owner of this place may just have mastered his craft in "teeny-restaurantery" . SERVICE & VALUE in a micro setting. Notice that I emphasized "Service and Value".  Allow me to dissect a play by play that makes this place a 5 star. We were seated at the table by the door and at first, I thought I might've disliked my visit because of the cold air that passes as patrons enter and leave the place. Be ready for an intimate setting when you come here. When I say intimate, I'm referring to the size of the restaurant and how close you will be with whom you are eating with. We were given the free Thai-iced tea that this place is popular for. The owner asks, "What would you like to order?" At the time we seemed inconsistent but he didn't seem to mind. He actually made suggestions that fell on deaf ears because my folks had curry yesterday. Still, he maintained a great demeanor. We ordered:-1 order of Chicken Satay. It is highly, HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommended. Drool*-2 orders of Spicy catfish. Highly recommended. Very rich in flavor if you're into that.-1 order of papaya salad. It's a 3 star IMO (In My Opinion).-1 order of Pad See Ewe. It's a 3 star IMO as well...The order came with:-Thai-Iced tea. -Rice pot-Green tea ice-cream-Fried bananas -Bottled water Now listen, all that food and service for $46.49? For five people? It cannot be rated anything lower than a 4 star I assure you. My sister had asked, "Does this place give sticky rice and mangos for dessert?"  I had replied, "I don't think so... At least I haven't seen..." Moments later, the owner comes to me and hands me the dessert she asked for. Me, myself and I would be a cretinous miscreant for not giving this place a 5 star. I'm on to you Mr. Bionic eared Thai Gulf owner. You didn't just go the extra mile, you made like Forrest Gump and ran from the Atlantic coast to the Pacific. Your service and devotion to please is astounding. I've been here before and I was waiting for my chance to get a second experience to note a consistency of service and food quality. It wasn't just consistent, it "WOW'ed".  How many more descriptions, adjectives and adverbs can I add to convince you? Or do I have to take you here myself?Don't make me grab my keys and wallet...
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,6/14/2010,110,178,8,9,10>Well it was Mrs B's Birthday and all the fine yelp reviews lead me to Zimzala in downtown HB for a special dinner with my wife. For a moment I thought I was in the wrong city, parking was very easy at the Strand. Took the elevator up to Zimzala's and we noticed from the street this place is nestled away, it looks anything but a restaurant. It's located inside the Shorebreak Hotel which is very nice, has a great lobby. We stopped at the bar for Happy Hour. Its reminiscent of a W but well lit, the only down part is that the chairs were goofy to sit on. They look good but when you have a Yelp ass they sit for shit. The service at the bar was friendly. On to the meal. We had a gratis mussel soup as a starter. It was very good, nice peppery butter flavor. We didn't order appetizers because we wanted to save room for our wine and main course. We split the Flat Iron Steak. It was perfect, tender and came with crunchy potatoes and onions. Great dish. We also split the scallops. I loved them, the wife not so much but she's not a fan of scallops. They were cooked perfect and came with a side of veggies. We also ordered a side of spinach, it had raisins and pine nuts - tasted great. We took the waiter's suggestion and ordered the chocolate ganache with a side of vanilla ice-cream. What looked like a piece of sourdough bread and chocolate on the side turned out to be delicious. It's a great combination of flavors and paired well with our wine. The bread is grilled with olive oil and sea salt. It may sound strange but it was a kick ass dessert. Living in HB, downtown is not one of our favorite destinations to dine because for lack of better word, posers, crowds and were too old for that f'in drama but at Zimzala's we felt we were north of the Mason-Dixon line and as if we were dining with adults and in a different city. I highly recommend this place. Another thing to note, Tuesday nights all locals (if you live in HB) get 25% off. I can't wait to come back and enjoy lunch on the patio. It will be great to not have an Ed Hardy t-shirt staring me in the face in downtown Huntington Beach.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,6/13/2010,238,202,6,10,6>I really wanted to give this place 4 stars.  Really.  This place has the breakdowns of a family-run business - despite having reservations, they sat people ahead of us and then had us wait another half hour or so for a table.  Service was friendly but a bit lacking - people kept stopping to have a quick chat with other people and the bar was run very inefficiently.  Usually this would be enough to knock it down a star for me.But I can't do it.A few weeks after my visit, I'm still dreaming about my cocktail of the evening - the Tuscan Martini.  Made with Tuaca and lemon juice and...other stuff (who cares), served very chilled, it's sweet but with a tart edge that keeps it from being sugar-y.  I'm not a drinker at all but I crave it.  Nevermind my entree - the duck breast (my favorite meat) with blood orange (my favorite fruit) reduction.  Absolute.  Heav-en.  Perfection, even.  I had to pass on dessert, but I had my eye zeroed in on the s'mores dessert thingie.  Next time I'm coming in and sitting in the bar area just for drinks (or rather, "drink") and dessert.  But since my Dining Companion and I had demolished bruschetta and spinach dip (both also amazing), I felt I should have some ladylike decorum and refrain that particular evening.I guess I do have one other "suggestion" - maybe more sides (or more unique sides), I wasn't quite impressed with my options and struggled to select two, though it was nice to see asparagus on the list.  Zazzed-up mashed potatoes would have been nice or something else interesting.  The sides were kind of boring and uninteresting compared to the wow-factor of the entrees - more like something you would get from El Pollo Loco, Koo Koo Roo, or Boston Market.  Live music in the corner was pleasant, interesting and unobtrusive...at least from across the room.  Complemented the Martini quite nicely.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/21/2014,333,199,24,28,26>Sometimes the math simply doesn't work out for certain places.  I've run the numbers and crunched the data.  There must be some sub-atomic weird physics going on because it shouldn't be possible to fit SOOO much fun into such a small place.  Brittany and I met some people from out of town here and we have been talking about the evening and (by extension) Art Du Vin ever since.  If there were a perfect recipe for an awesome evening, it would included three ingredients.  1. Great vino, preferably from vintners with whom you're not already familiar.  2. Memorable tunes recorded on vinyl and spun on a subtly shelved little record player.  3. An eclectic menagerie of interesting and sociably friendly patrons with whom to talk.Luckily enough, Art Du Vin possesses all three of these critical elements and in the perfect quantity.  Brittany and I are looking for an Earth Wind & Fire record to donate to their collection.  There's only one thing that can make an already perfect situation better... Earth Wind & Fire.So if you happened to be walking by Art Du Vin on some evening in the near future and hear the tunes and see the party... Stop on in and join the fun.  I guarantee there'll be a friend or two to be made and many priceless memories made.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,9/20/2014,1587,274,20,26,25>The Kroft is about comfort food, and they sure did deliver. Prime Ribeye Dip(12) Its fool proof- Toasted bread packed with delicious ribeye with lightly spread mayo....and that's not all, you also get a cup of au jus to dip it in. Au jus was so good I drank the damn thing after I finished the sandwich.Kroft Chicken Sandwich(8.5) Huge fried chicken breast nestled with jalapeno slaw all waiting for you in toasted bread. Chicken was seasoned with just the right amount of heat that I like and the Jalapeno slaw brings such harmony to the sandwich. Walking that sweet line of spiciness but not overly hot.Chicken Pot Fries Poutine(8) Thick fries smothered in Chicken Pot Pie minus the crust with Cheese Curd. Simply Genius, I cannot believe I have never had this before. Loved the texture and flavor of the Cheese Curd, and the dish went perfect with our sandwiches.Cucumber Mint Lemonade(3.5) As the cashier loaded my cup with ice I was about to  tell him to ease up on the ice and get heavy with the lemonade, turns out the ice was necessary because the lemonade was pretty high in concentrate. Refreshing, sweet, sour, and smooth. After we finished our lemonade we added water and still had a nice hint of Cucumber Mint Lemonade, once again an ingenious idea- bottle that up Kroft and ship around the world.Service was great, and food came out pretty quick. I really enjoy the atmosphere- Young, exciting, and plenty of things to check out.Overall- I would give this place 6 starts if I could.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/19/2014,488,258,18,19,18>How is it that I've failed to write about Pita Hot before? I LOVE Pita Hot's deliciousness.. pre-veg-me, and veg-me both love the flavors, the portions, the music playing in the restaurant.. everything except how crazy crowded it gets in there. That alone though, is perhaps the greatest testament to what they're serving up: great food, at great prices.For about $7, you get a huge plate with two sides of your choice (hummus is wonderful, so is that cucumber salad thingie) a great big portion of rice, buttery, delicious, vermicelli and rice mixture, a generous serving of kebab, shawarma, or falafel, and a fresh warm pita bread. You can of course order a wrap for a bit less, especially if your appetite doesn't match the portions, or you could split a plate if you're so inclined, but either way, you should get your tushie on over that way for some very tasty Mediterranean food; sauces are available on request.Meatatarians: try the beef shawarma plate, it was my favorite, veg-heads, try the falafel, veryyyy tasty!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,9/18/2014,1076,324,18,27,23>Came to Chianina (pronounced Kia-nina) for a celebratory graduation dinner.  We had high hopes for this restaurant because its the same owner of Michael's and Michael's Pizzeria, two of our favorite Long Beach restaurants.  As expected Chianina was impressive.  It's perfect for a special occasion dinner with a  small group or a very special date night out.Inside the restaurant is very modern and super sexy.  The contemporary music is set a little bit loud, perfect to allow conversation privacy between tables.  The lights are quite dim giving the place has a really intimate, swanky vibe.  Its beautiful.    Dinner was fantastic!  To start the waitress brought us a complimentary shot of warm house soup.  It was creamy and delicious yelp.com/user_local_phot…Next she brought out our Caesar Salads.  They were perfect.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…We ordered the Rib-eye for 2 for $90.  We requested it medium but it came out medium rare.  We sent it back and it came back just right.  That was a really tasty steak and we were happy.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…Along with the steak we shared asparagus served with pancetta cubes- very enticing.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…The star side in my opinion were the super creamy mashed potatoes- heavenly. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Dessert was scrumptious too!  We ordered the banana pudding- super yummy and light.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…And the baked to order chocolate cake with espresso cream.  This was an amazing dessert.  I highly recommend this one!    yelp.com/user_local_phot…Everything was first class- the food, the service and ambiance.  We had a really lovely date night at Chianina celebrating my graduation.  Valet parking is $4 but you can find parking on the street too.  Its a classy place so I recommend dressing up and making a reservation.  Its sure to thrill any carnivore.  Leave your vegetarian friends at home for this one though :-)  Enjoy! xo
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,9/17/2014,645,646,78,84,81>One of my many (#4) stops on my OCRW crusade this year was the Newport Rib Company. I was a little sketchy on this place having read some mixed reviews, but they sure swayed my vote.  I was easily drawn in by the $20 dollar 3 course pre-fixe. BBQ and cheap too! What's not to love. yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…I ate at the bar. No wait and I was super extra hungry. Other suckers were waiting around forever. Lance (think Jeff Daniels in the Big Lebowski) the cool bartender quickly hooked me up with a tasty Big Daddy IPA. yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…  And quickly took my order... 1/2 Onion String loaf FREE w/ Yelp check in!  yelp.com/biz_photos/newp… They got some good happy hour deals too! yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…The Pre -fixe was just what the doctor ordered. I liked it so much I had two! I know call me pig. But it was to hard to pass up. Plus the beer was flowin and the peeps was cool.  yelp.com/biz_photos/newp… Even Santa Clause drinks here during the off season.Pre-Fixe #1Fresh Grilled Artichoke ... Two quarter steamed & grilled artichokes served with hollandaise  yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…  I love grilled artichoke! and this was good. Grilled so it was nice n tender and cooked just right with a little butter and dipped in the hollandaise sauce made for a perfect appetizer. 4****StarsFamous BBQ Ribs(5 bones) ... with garlic mashed and bbq beansyelp.com/biz_photos/newp… These ribs here rocked. Big n meaty, decent bbq sauce, tender pull off the bone meat. While not smoky these were better than I expected and the price point of the OCRW added an extra 1/2 star for me! 4 ****StarsHomemade New York Style Cheesecakeyelp.com/biz_photos/newp… Mehh I've had better from Trader Joes 2.5**StarsPer-Fixe #2Fresh Grilled Artichoke (again!) ...  Still yummy!Slow Roasted Prime Rib(8 oz cut)yelp.com/biz_photos/newp… I ate this one a bit slower as I was getting full. Not the best not the worst prime rib I've eaten kinda middle of the road. The grilled veggies were good 3***StarsFreshly Baked Large Chocolate Chip Cookie ... took this home and ate it the next day with a big glass of milk, dam good cookie! 4****StarsIt don't matter what kind of deal your getting the prices on the regular menu seemed reasonable for the food you get. Its a busy place so don't expect high end service. But they do make sure you get what you need. Even Box your food in a real box and the coolest bag! yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…I can see me coming back for more soon.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/16/2014,546,347,34,35,33>In the middle of a dingy strip mall near Bolsa and Ward is this new bistro/wine/sports bar restaurant.  The decor reflects all three, which make it hard for me to narrow it down to one.  There's a large flat screen TV, wine bottles suspended on the wall, bar stools and tables with chairs sitting on a coated concrete floor.  I came for dinner on a weeknight and the place was empty.  The menu, though not extensive, does have a number creative dishes.  I settled for the Ga Roti.  Ga Roti/Fried Cornish Hen - The cornish hen oozed juice on the inside, it's skin orange and crispy on the outside.  Fried perfectly, bone in, with red rice and dipping sauce.  The sauce (my guess) is made of soy sauce, maggi, green onions and maybe some sugar.  It can't beat the Ga Roti crack sauce at Tai Buu Paris, but still it's very good.  Highly recommended.  Side Salad - The salad that came with my dinner was a confused puppy, which means... not good.  I couldn't figure out what it was trying to accomplish.  The dressing  killed it. I have no idea what it was made of, maybe fish sauce, citrus, red pepper flakes.  That's what it tasted like to me... does that sound good to you?  It wasn't salty, it wasn't sweet, it wasn't creamy.  It was just pungent with a spicy kick.   It's not a big deal because I was here to eat the Ga Roti, not focus on the salad.  But the salad made me focus on the salad.  You are better off just leaving this untouched.  I give them props for trying to make some different dishes, or at least do them in a "New Vietnamese" style.  There aren't many restaurants in Little Saigon that have tried fresher takes on Vietnamese food since Haley Nguyen's Xanh Bistro folded.  ***Made Me Chuckle Story of the Day:  Overheard the lady at another table telling the server after having a sip of her beer, "This beer is pretty good.  I've never heard of this beer before, they must not have it many places."  The beer... Blue Moon.***
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/15/2014,956,77,32,41,36>Everything you need to know about this place has already been said over and over from the other reviews. So, let me just reiterate and magnify the frenzy: THIS PLACE HAS REALLY AWESOME PASTRIES AND THEIR PRICES ARE REASONABLE!No need for me to go into details about how good their strawberry croissants are--it just is! It's deadly, it is sick!!! You start off eating just one croissant, but after your first bite, your eyes grows big realizing how good it is. After your first, you immediately grab your second piece. It taste so good you swallow it in a heartbeat.  The third gravitates on to your taste buds forcing you to grab your fourth croissant. Then, your fifth gob settles in and finally satisfies your sweet cravings...mmmmm now you're in heaven!  Yup, they're that addictive! You can easily finish eating a dozen in a day coz the light and flaky texture of the croissant is not heavy in your tummy.  Lastly, I am sure that the secret to the goodness of their pastries is the perfect balance of sweetness and tastiness--not too sweet, not too buttery, it is just RIGHT!Don't come here to buy just three or four pieces to validate the craze 'coz your time spent waiting in line won't be worth it. Come here with the intent to buy at least a dozen of their strawberry croissants and another dozen of their strawberry banana to make it worth your trip.Yeah, Cream Pan definitely knows how to make the best croissants!
