<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,2/7/2014,195,334,3,10,9>It's Doc Bakers in a new space you want to spend time in. The food is all the same from the old location. I had all my old favorites: the Mexican wrap (their best item), the chocolate-banana almond milk shake (now called the chocolate mound) and the chocolate pudding and they were all great. Doc Baker's is well worth the schlep to Doylestown. Setting a goal of trying it would be a great new year's resolution for 2014!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/6/2014,132,252,2,13,6>I have been anxiously waiting for this restaurant to open up since I first heard about it on Foobooz. Anyone that knows me, knows that I LOVE Jose Garces' food. After months and months of anticipation (and web stalking), I finally made a lunch reservation to try out the new Garces spot. My meal started with a chicken, roasted pepper and cilantro empanada. The empanada was good but you could not taste the cilantro. I also ordered the guacamole which was amazing. The guacamole had small chunks of smoked pineapple and was served with plantain and yucca chips. The smokey flavor was very interesting as I have never tasted that in a guacamole. The pineapple added a little bit of sweetness to the guacamole. From now on, every guacamole I eat (which is a lot) will include smoked pineapple. As my main dish I ordered ceviche with red snapper fish (fish of the day) and a side of frijoles negros. The ceviche was delicious and the flavors complimented one another well. I stole some of my friend's plantain chips and used the chips to accompany my ceviche. The frijoles negros were small but filling enough. I was too full for dessert but decided on a traditional cafe con leche to end the meal. If you are a Garces groupie you will notice some favorites from his other restaurants such as the ensalada verde, croquetas and Cuban sandwich. The decor is different. At first you think you are walking into a diner with the booths, takeout and diner counter. The back room looks like a restaurant in Little Havana. I would like to see some improvement with the bathrooms. There are two unisex bathrooms located at the back of the restaurant. You cannot tell if the bathroom is occupied or unoccupied. When inside the bathroom you forget you are at a Garces restaurant and think you have been transported to a diner in Jersey. This bathroom could use some upgrading to be on par with other Garces bathrooms.I was very happy with my Garces/Cuban food experience. Next time I would like to try a batido, arroz con pollo and a slice of tres leche cake. Yes, I already have my next meal planned and I am not ashamed.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/5/2014,113,296,2,7,5>I had heard a lot of good things about Dock Street, so I was super excited to check it out for an early dinner on New Year's Eve.  Since they don't take reservations, I was worried it would be packed, but was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't.I have to admit that Dock Street looks like a total dive bar...and this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The venue is converted firehouse, so there's plenty of neat things to look at...even though it's pretty dark inside.  We happened to be there on Tuesday which apparently is movie night. Sadly, we didn't stick around for the movie, but I'd definitely come back to do that one night.We started our meals with cranberry kolsch and the man full of trouble porter.  The porter was awesome; the kolsch wasn't my cup of tea - it was a little bitter, which I'm assuming is from the cranberries. Round two was much better - the dry Irishman and the bubbly wit. Both were delicious with the bubbly witan my favorite of the night. It was light, bubbly (as the name would imply), and full of flavor. We ended up taking home two growlers that night (the porter and the bubbly wit) at a reasonable price of $15/each.For food, we started with the calamari. It was a pretty standard dish - a touch salty - but the spicy chipotle mayo that was served with it was fantastic. We decided to split the Flammenkuche and Parma pizzas.  Both were excellent! The crusts were perhaps the best I've had in quite a while - soft and chewy. I liked the Flammenkuche best bc I love caramelized onion and bacon on a pizza. Good food, good beer, great service, excellent prices - I'll definitely be back in the near future!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,2/4/2014,128,193,1,13,11>I promised I would update this review once I came back a few times and tried the food.  As expected, the food was great, the service is always great, and the craft beers continue to be rare and delicious, so I'm upgrading my review to 5 stars.  Do I think this place is "as good as it gets" close.. not the absolute best, but the fact that I continue to recommend this place and its always a front-runner in my decisions to get a good beer and food, bumps it up to 5 stars.  Since I will continue to rave about the wonderful beers, I will now give you a review on the food:- fried green tomatoes - good, not my favorite but still delicious- pimento cheese - one of my favorites!!  Get this!  Its delicious- crispy mushroom torta -  THE BEST!  This is soo good, truffled mushrooms on crispy bread?  WINNER!  I love this.- Fried Okra was good, interesting. - Steak fries are good, very thick cut.I want to try more salads next.  So I will be back, as usual!Note: Strangeloves is the only gastropub that I've encountered that will pour you "half-pours" for half the price.  I LOVE this!!!  You can only spend $3.50 for a half glass of beer, in case you don't like it, you're not wasting your money on a full glass!  Genious idea!!  Or, if you want to taste, but don't want to get hammered on a 10% heavy hitter, order the half-pour!!  Brilliant!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,2/3/2014,203,559,,6,5>We were looking for a somewhat casual dinner spot in the area and didn't want to face the crowds at Cheesecake Factory, so we decided to give Zinburger a shot. I'm glad we did! My friend and I decided to share the zinburger sans mayo (with manchego and sauteed onions), the farm salad, and the truffle fries. Awesome decision! We were both glad we got to try the burgers, but were also thrilled to have the lighter salad as well. The waitress actually had them split the burger and salad for us! +1 for that fantastic service. The burger wasn't the best patty I've had, but it was very good. Cooked to temperature. The salad was delish - a really unique salad and a great alternative for someone who doesn't want a burger. The truffle fries were good, but the majority of the truffle flavor was in the aioili and I prefer not to dunk my fries in mayo. I would've like some more truffle flavor in the fries themselves. It looks like they have a great happy hour, and have several types of wine for $5 a glass at all times. While the restaurant reeked of burgers and fries, I was pleasantly surprised that my hair and clothes didn't smell when I left. Good spot...next time I will try to save up the room/calories for a shake!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,2/2/2014,245,116,2,12,5>Nice little market tucked away in a lot within walking distance of the Princeton Junction train station. It's like a hodgepodge of farmer's markets all in one place. There are stands with products from surrounding farms and local small grocers. There is even a nice selection of baked goods, fresh juice, a crepe station, and an orchid stand. (I absolutely love orchids! - my fav flower) While there I had the opportunity to meet the market manager and she advised they have a Halloween parade at the end of the month along with other holiday festivities. This was my second time there but the first time I visited they also had a live band performing. There are a few small businesses there as well. I met the owners of a BBQ place called FunniBonz smoke house and they were giving out samples of various chips and sauces. I told them I'm an aspiring vegan/vegetarian and they advised they have good vegetable selections and salads. (I did try their chips and salsa and cucumber with blueberry vinaigrette dressing which was pretty tasty.)The only thing about this particular market is that it's not open year round :(( - check their website for dates b/c it is open on most saturdays from 9-1pm. Funny story - I can honestly say I'd never purchased organic carrots before straight from a farm (I know it's just a carrot) but I was so vividly shocked by their appearance and freshness. How on earth does the store bagged carrots always seem to be one uniform size?? I like this little place a lot. There is a nice little selection of food and flowers. There are even a few charitable organizations there promoting services and volunteer work which benefit the community.  Yay! i'm a fan :))****note - the address - okay so i'm not certain if the address I provided will work in your gps but if you can get to the Princeton Junction train station i'm certain you will see the sign. It's near the Alexander road station entrance
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/1/2014,82,112,4,7,5>Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. Judging from what I know about macrobiotics (I read a book about it a long time ago) there is a hot macrobiotic buffet bar (I hope that I am right in that assessment of telling you that this is a for real macrobiotic buffet bar) (If I'm wrong, it's damn near close to being macrobiotic...like, now I'm wondering if I've ever noticed eggplant involved in the selection). The bottom line being: it's delicious, healthy and almost vegan.There is a really good juice bar that includes wheat grass shots!!!Now we're getting random about my love for Essene: I love the variety of sugars; there is more than one kind of of coconut sugar to choose from! The only meat I have seen is fish and it's in it's own separate freezer. I love the demo people by the door -- there always seems to be a demo person giving out samples of fun things like vegan fudge. I enjoy eavesdropping on other patron's early dinner convos on Sunday early evenings in the Cafe. They have their own tofu tub. They have raw, vegan egg salad. There are bulk nuts and seeds. The produce is always a beautiful rainbow assortment of seasonal goodness, shooting towards the bulk nuts and seeds. They have Metropolitan Bakery bread. They make and sell something in the bakery called "Energy Balls". I can buy my cat a whole lotta grain-free food. SO MANY DIFFERENT KINDS OF NOODLES.  The personal care and beauty section is not to be missed. Kombucha selection. Aesthetically-pleasing humidifiers. Want. I once wrote anonymously to them my wish to carry "Nacho Mom's Vegan Queso" because I felt that I could tell them this. The cat is out of the bag!!!Generally, there is stuff here that I didn't even know that I wanted. And it's all either green, holistic, organic, vegan, raw and always tasting good. This is a [sometimes pricey, but] great alternative to forking over all of your grocery money to Whole Foods, but one could definitely argue the point that it all costs about the same. Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. The End.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,1/31/2014,150,257,4,9,5>Hot dogs at a ball game?  That's so over.  Chicken and doughnuts are what the cool kids are eating.  I'm not cool, I just saw them all eating it so I got it too.I ordered my chicken with buttermilk ranch dry seasoning and I'd put that dry seasoning on everything if I could.  The chicken itself was moist, tender, crunchy on the outside and perfect on the inside.  The honey doughnut that came with it was perfect as always.  My family, who had never had the joy of eating Federal Donuts, chose not to get any but once they tasted mine, they all ran back in line to get their own order.  I was disappointed they don't give the pickles here, as I really like the tang of the pickle to cut through the sweetness and heaviness of the rest of the meal.I was also happy they didn't raise the price of the meal just because it's at the ballpark.  Spending $9 here will get you the same meal (minus pickles) as it will at the other locations.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/30/2014,68,199,5,8,9>At the risk of being redundant here, Suzy Jo Donuts will basically ruin you for just about every other donut shop around.  They're that good.  Yes, even my beloved buttercream filled donut from Viking Pastries in Ardmore has just been downgraded.  That is saying something, my friends. I stopped in this morning on my way to Jury Duty in Norristown.  The shop itself looks just like every old school bakery you've ever been in. Not too fancy, not glitzy, warm and smelling of heaven.   They have a very broad selection of donuts. I chose a powdered Bavarian Creme, Coconut and a Glazed, so I could get a broad sense of their offerings.Bavarian Creme was filled donut heaven.  No icky artificial "creme".  It was not overly sweet, great texture, enrobed by the donut cake.  Coconut donut was likewise well balanced, great taste and flavor. Glazed was not soggy (a pet peeve), well sugared with a nice yeasty flavor.Service was friendly and prompt, prices were very reasonable as well. I'm told the cream rolls are popular, as are the cherry cream and chocolate covered Bavarian.  I will definitely be back to sample these for the sake of all you Yelpers.  It's a sacrifice, I know, one I am willing to make for the team.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/29/2014,828,1172,7,11,7>I came, I saw, I had a whole room doing gang vocals to "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi!For a fun filled karaoke party with plenty of sushi and shochu it doesn't get much better than Fuji Mountain. The party room well accommodated our party of 20+ and came with comfortable red couches, good lighting, its own bathroom, and a nice sized video screen. Along with plenty of shochu and sake options the drink menu yielded a decent variety of wines, cocktails, and beers like Kirin Ichiban and Dogfish Head 60 Min IPA for decent prices. And the food menu touted the decent sized portions of the sushi, dumpling, and noodle dishes that you'd expect.The one issue I could give was that the karaoke book was listed by song title instead of artist, making them harder to navigate through. I was also sad to see some essential songs that you'd expect to see in such a book like "White Wedding" by Billy Idol and "Psycho Killer" by Talking Heads missing. And while it was completely weird and perfectly random, I did love the odd vignettes that played during the songs, and wondered what romantic yet tragically awkward situations we could lead the characters in them through. Whether you're someone who just likes singing along to the chorus with a bunch of people, or you prefer to belt out the high notes of "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey (guilty!), Fuji Mountain is a whole lot of fun.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,3/24/2011,393,710,7,13,11>Metzuyan.  L'chaim!I guess I just have to say wow.  The food here was pretty fantastic.Zahav itself is somewhat of a dining experience.  The space is large and nicely decorated.  The servers are outfitted in what appeared to be a nod to the Israeli army which I found kind of funny.  The service was completely on point here.  I don't believe that my glass of water was allowed to get below the halfway point.  Each person we dealt with was pleasant and took the time to offer helpful explanations and answer any questions we had.My dining partner and I opted for the tasting menu.  It was a heck of a deal, especially for the quality and quantity of food we were served.We started with the hummus-masbacha and the saltim.  The 8 different mini salads presented on the wrought iron tree were just incredible.  The twice cooked eggplant, roasted beets and tabouleh won best of show in my book.Our mezze selections were the haloumi, duckhearts, cauliflower and the bastilla.  I particularly loved the yogurt sauce with the cauliflower.  The duckhearts were just ridiculously good.  I'm kind of craving them right now as I write this.Entrees were the beef cheeks and the kofte.  The beef cheeks had a more tender texture than perfectly cooked short ribs.  The kofte, well, was awesome and when they cook something Al Ha'esh there, believe me, it tastes like it.Dessert selections were the almond semifreddo and the vanilla cardomom custard (or some variant).  Small, sweet and a great end to the meal.It's not a lot of times that a restaurant blows your mind like this one did.Well done Zahav.  Well done.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,3/23/2011,996,928,22,14,17>There must be something special about Spain and the octopi that live in the area. Perhaps they spend a lot of time playing 4 different classical guitars, exercising their tentacles so that their meat is extra delicious. Yep, that must be it.I guess what I'm trying to say is that the Spanish octopus appetizer is excellent. I've never tried squid ink croquettes but now that I know I like them, I'll be emptying a Montblanc into my sandwich today in a weak(and toxic!) attempt to replicate the flavor.The dressing and squash served with this dish are beautifully presented and exist in perfect harmony with the meat and croquettes.Protip: get a little octopus, croquette, dressing, and squash on your fork at the same time and insert it into your mouth. It is great.The entrees here are solid.The Wild Rock Bass is well-prepared and full of curry flavor-ness.Though the chicken plays second fiddle to the bass, it is still a fantastic dish. It comes served with chestnut spaetzle, bacon, pomegranate, and parsnip. These things come together beautifully and demonstrate Bruno Pouget's and Todd Rodgers' culinary innovation. The folks behind this menu are really creative.Pistachio Semifreddo. I didn't even know what a semifreddo was before I ate here. Wikipedia tells me it is a class of semi-frozen desserts that means "half cold" in Italian. It rules. This is one of the best desserts I've had in a while.I also sampled a cheese plate that was just OK. If you are having trouble deciding between cheese and the semifreddo for dessert, then consider this - if you get the cheese over the semifreddo, I'm going to kick down the door at the place you work and scold you for making a bad decision. Your coworkers will be shocked at the raving lunatic that you've inadvertently brought to your place of business and you will lose the promotion that you've been hoping for to your rival, Bernard, who has always been jealous of your talent and natural charm. As the police drag me away, I'm going to shout about the STD you gave me and even though your coworkers will say that they paid it no mind, the rumor mill will repeat whispers about your problem and the negative gossip will probably cost you that office romance you've been inching towards since September. So do us both a favor and just get the semifreddo.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,3/22/2011,81,125,9,8,8>I get it, Chef. You want me to be fat and happy. Why else would you offer the super poutine: duck fat-fried spuds dusted in cheddar cheese powder then sauced with duck and foie gravy and topped with cheese curd, bacon, fried egg and foie gras? There can be no other explanation. I've heard a mix of emotions about this place and the heaviness of its dishes. I think that it's everyone's inner food voice giving them a guilt trip. Tell your inner food voice I said go suck on lettuce.There is nothing to dislike here. Creative drinks that go down easily, service and atmosphere so friendly you'll feel at home, and food flavored on so many levels you'll want more. In a local food review I read an apt recount of a chef/patron saying the food was so good (poutine, specifically) that it makes you want to get drunk, so drunk you're ready for another round.Agreed.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,3/21/2011,86,155,4,5,3>Okay, Greek Lady, you're a little expensive, but this is the best, most authentic greek food you'll get in the area with take-out speed and not exorbitant costs.Authenticity: The first time I got a gyro from greek lady and they put fries on it, I thought "that's weird." Apparently, though, in Greece, gyropitas are indeed served with the thick fries IN the pita. Lesson learned, thanks to my correspondent in Greece right now. Secondly, I took a glance at their stack of mail while standing at the counter. The name was something like Dimitri Dionopoulous. Check! Finally, have you seen that blonde woman at the assembly line??? And heard her talk??? I'm pretty sure her name is Maria, which just about does it. BAM. HELLO. Okay, so none of those things really vouch for authenticity very much, I just wanted to rant about them.The food comes in large quantities, especially if you order in versus take out.... you will be stuffed. The spanikopita is HUGE, perfect for two people sharing a side, and I go the feta and hummus and combined them? It's was FANTASTIC. Perfect on the warm pita, and perfectly filling. The gyropita are much better when  you order them in, just humongous and difficult to finish if you have an average stomach. The lamb is divine.There's a really big platter I want to try there, probably called like the Meze or something... and it's also difficult to finish when shared, as my neighboring table offered.The hummus is especially sesame, which I found delicious, and the sweet of the hummus complimented the feta well. The spanikopita is especially rich and flavorful, one of the better spanikopita I've ever had, and it's good as a cold leftover, too. The service is relatively quick, but there are very long lines at lunch time.Oh, and if you don't plan on eating dessert, DO NOT LOOK AT THE DESSERT FRIDGE. It's terribly tempting, holy crap.Also, their lemon potatoes are ah-mazing, which correlates strongly with lemon sauces used in Greek cooking... I ate one to figure out what it was when I got it as a side, and I couldn't stop eating them. I completely finished the side before even touching the gyropita.Greek salad? YES PLEASE.So, meals are just around 10 dollars, depending on if you just get a sandwich, or if you get sides and a drink, too. If you get extras, it gets a little pricier, but it's otherwise an acceptable lunch price-range.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,3/20/2011,37,91,22,12,6>There's a story below, but first, time to laud the man. He is perfect. Every time. PERFECT. Color? Perfect! His judgment is flawless. Cut? I actually say, "Whatever you want," and I mean it; I don't cross my fingers under the smock. PERFECTION. Plus, he does this amazing hair straightening thing that somehow makes my mother's hair look sexier and shinier than mine.  I once -- oh, God, it might be too painful to remember, too horrible to recount, no OK, here I go -- let my boyfriend's sister cut and color my hair. I figured that she was from Portland, OR, she'd be hip, she'd be with it (to borrow a phrase from Dr. Evil). NO.So I returned to the ever-talented, in all ways perfect Mr. James Brown and his glorious (and gorgeous) Carol. I've been going to see him since my first hair cut. And I refuse to go anywhere else, ever. And he's funny too.But if you book him up and take my slots, I'll cut a bitch. Know that.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,3/19/2011,436,385,3,5,4>over the past couple months that i've been living in a yelp-devoid hole, i built up quite a list of places to review. and the one at the top of my list was han dynasty. i ate here a couple months ago in the dead of summer, when it was nasty humid outside and people avoided spicy foods like the bubonic plague. call me crazy, but i'll take sichuan food any day.i've been scouring the city for a place that serves real authentic sichuan food. the kind with lots of chili oil and peppercorns, that leaves you walking away feeling like you're drooling because you can no longer feel your lips and hence don't know if saliva is dripping from your mouth or not. real sichuan food is not for those with weak stomachs, so eat at your own risk. of course, you can always ask the waiters to have the dishes made less spicy, but then you're not really eating sichuan food anymore.my experience was mostly good. good in that this was probably the closest i've come to tasting sichuan food in the city. and all four of the dishes we had (see pictures!) were well-cooked and seasoned, and the meat was tender, so quality of food was great. however, it was bad in that they didn't serve my favorite dish (shui zhu yu- translated to water boiled fish) the way it was meant to be served. meaning in a big vat of chili oil + peppers + peppercorn. just thinking about it makes me want to hop on a plane to china right now. instead, it's served in more of a thicker broth with tofu and an assortment of peppers and garnish leaves. all i'm asking for is a liquid chili oil base with fish and soybeans. is that so hard? but i'm just being picky and trying to recreate one of the best dishes i've ever had. it doesn't take away from the fact that food here is still yummy and that you will leave with a tummy full of fire. han dynasty has added their own little spin to some of the dishes, and i can appreciate some culinary creativity when done right. and you may disagree with me, but in my opinion, this is the best sichuan restaurant in the city. so for that, han dynasty gets my five star approval.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,3/18/2011,400,308,4,10,8>You just got a notch higher, Fond.  You were reachin' for the stars and you snagged a bright one with your lovely, exquisite and elegant tasting menu along with the impeccable 5-star service.  Ah, the service - seriously professional and adept, free of condescension and pretense - and super friendly. You let us add a few items to the tasting menu, the meal progressed like a dream, each course deftly prepared, beautifully presented and you served us four different, amazing (some of the best in the city - I swear!) desserts instead of serving us the same one to each of us.  Decanting wine as only a pro would do, interchanging glasses seamlessly, letting us linger at the table longer than any establishment would ever let us.   Along the way, you gave us little treats, delectable amuse-bouches, small sorbets for cleansing the palate, and little glasses of port to round off the night.  Can you get any classier, Fond? Damn, you are a dame of the first degree.  I'd throw my coat over a puddle for you to walk over any day of the week.Tiny place packs a big punch.  And yes, peeps, the portions aren't huge - but come on!  Don't you remember that it isn't about quantity but quality?
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,3/17/2011,88,127,4,7,6>This place is out of control, and that's coming from a fairly critical sushi eater.  The restaurant itself is pretty cozy, but it's totally cool because diners get to see the sushi being made behind the bar.We started out with the three maki roll special (spicy tuna, yellowtail-scallion and Philadelphia) - no complaints there. Then we ordered two special rolls, as we are true gluttons, which were amazing. It was hard to choose because everything on the menu looked really delicious.The Ocean Brother roll has shrimp tempura and avocado, topped with lump crab meat, wasabi tobiko and eel sauce. Major points for using real crab. The Sansom Roll has shrimp tempura and avocado as well, topped with salmon, tuna, avocado, scallion, spicy mayo and eel sauce. This was also really good.What I really like about Vic is the freshness of the ingredients, the good combination of flavors, and the fact that the special rolls aren't just enormous slimy messes of sauce and mush. I appreciate that the rolls are made so neatly - each piece is packed together (I absolutely hate it when there is crap falling out of those overstuffed rolls) and fits cleanly into your mouth (biting sushi is a no-no).Overall an awesome experience and I will return...tomorrow.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,3/16/2011,82,189,9,7,8>A Latin fetishist and his hongray fat ass walk into a bar ...Tonight I had the posole and tostada special and it was off el chain. Piping hot, rich hammy pork broth laced with bay leaves, onion, radish, cilantro, garlic, cumin, ground chile, hominy, oregano, shredded lettuce (oddly delicious!) and hunks of lime on the side. Add a tamarind soda - fruit of the gods, if you ask me - for the grand total of. Wait for it. $12.51.?!?!!!?!!?!!?!!?!!!?!And if you're not sold yet ...The hours are crazy good. They're so nice. It's spotless. The salsas are to die for. I could go on and on. Only one thing can stop me. One thing! Get your ass over there !ahora mismo! and try it yourself. (Dan F. is currently accepting El Costeno dinner date invitations from all suitors, Latin or otherwise -- but especially Latin.)
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,3/15/2011,96,186,6,12,5>After hearing lots and lots of good things and after my Twitter feed being dominated by Barbuzzo buzz (yukk yukk yukk) for weeks on end, I was elated to have snagged, four days in advance, what seemed like the last reservation left for the entire weekend. I always feel weird getting somewhere right at the moment it opens and being first, but that weird senstation didn't last and the restaurant filled up fast. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the space since I was anticipating much more cramped quarters. The table next to us was close, but not unbearably close and I was fine with the idea of another couple being sat there.The service was great here from start to finish, our server was pleasant, helpful, and good natured. She was well-informed and willing to answer questions. So good! We were offered an explanation of the menu, when I explained my vegetarian preference, she gave a run through of the entire menu - what is already veg-friendly and what could be made sans viande. After a quick breeze through our options, we decided on the following: sheeps milk ricotta with bread, the "uovo" pizza (without guanicale, which according to my pre-meal Google search is high grade bacon), the gnocchi, and the grilled branzino. Everything was really spectacular and added up to one of the most perfect meals I've had in Philly.The sheeps milk ricotta recommended by our server and had also both peaked my interest while looking at the menu at my desk earlier in the day. The ricotta was creamy, slightly sweet, and perfect. The accompanying bread was crisply grilled and just olive oily enough. The four slices of bread given is enough if you're very generous with your application of the ricotta, but I did feel a pang of regret when I saw our future boothmates order the same thing and request additional bread. For this, I blame myself, but I live without regret. The gnocchi followed and the little starchy nuggets of delight were buttery (truffle buttery) and browned to perfection and complimented by cubes of veggies (had to consult the menu - apple & kohlrabi) and soft slivers of mushroom. The uovo pizza, which came as a "we can make this veg" recommendation was rich, thanks the egg and truffles, without being heavy, balanced out by the brussel sprout leaves and thinly stretched cheese. For Mike's sake, perhaps we should have asked for meat on half of it, but relationships are all about compromise and he enjoyed the pizza regardless. The true highlight of our meal was the BRANZINO. WTF. I can tell when Mike is really enjoying something because he gets mad quiet and serious looking. I, on the other hand, laugh and repeat over and over how delicious something is. This is what happened with the branzino. After consuming the first quarter of the grilled fish Mike declared it as, easily, one of the most delicious things he's ever eaten. A lofty statement, but I seconded his emotion. The pesto atop the fish and the unidentifiable grain (my bad) beneath complimented the fish perfectly, creating a salty, perhaps even ZESTY combo. It was incredible. You can tell because I used a lot of caps just now. See?The dessert was, as anticipated, another highlight. We split the apple bread pudding and the famous salted caramel budino. Obviously the budino was heavenly and lived up to all the hype and more. I could have eaten three more, probably. But the bread pudding, served warm with a scoop of melty vanilla gelato is nothing to sneeze at, either. Both desserts were the perfect end to a perfect meal.Barbuzzo is a five-star dining experience, and is as good as it gets. The service, the food, the atmosphere, the fountain soda, the price, the everything. I'm happy to have finally tried Barbuzzo and can now agree with and contribute to the hype.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,2/5/2012,93,97,4,4,5>There's nothing I can add to the current reviews to make this place sound any better. I have been to this place a few times since 2004 when I had my first date with my husband and the food has always been awesome. The service was great this past time (Sorry, didn't catch her name) and we were there early so we got the coveted window corner table.My go to dishes are the crab & cheese wontons, the calamari or chicken drumettes, and of course the filet mingon w/ the au gratin potatoes, spinach and crispy onions. The secret to this place is the sauces. Every dish is totally awesome thanks to the amazing sauces on each dish. The wontons sit in pool of liquid yes, the calamari and drumettes come with a sweet & sour Thai kind of pink delicious and the filet is bathed in beefy reduced awesome. This is a roll your eyes in the back of your head kind of place.So many DJs and crew have flown through and eaten here before a night out at Fluid, and although I don't really go clubbing anymore, I still go out of my way to come to the Latest Dish when I can. The beer selection is great, although if you like the Dirty Hoe (Hoegaarden and Lambec), it will cost you since the Lambec isn't on tap. However, you can try one of their other wheat beers for much cheaper and come out with 2 Different Dirty Hoes for $11, while the true Dirty will set you back $17 for 2. But who cares....you are here for the food or GTFO! Nom nom nom.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,2/4/2012,58,110,13,12,10>Wowza! Very seldom does a simple lunch leave me beaming for the rest of the day. Like a first kiss, it was playing over and over again in my head. Dramatic, but true. Soup Kitchen Cafe is my new favorite lunch spot, with ample parking to boot.Soups and new dishes are listed on chalkboards, neatly stenciled with colored chalk. The menu is available at the front counter.Food: A carefully thought out menu, and the price is right! You can get half a sandwich and cup of soup for $8.50; I got the spicy watermelon gazpacho, and it uh-mazing! Chilled and refreshing. Served with drizzled olive oil and garnished with dill. There was just enough heat (spice) to leave a subtle, smoldering burn in the back of your throat. The slight, sweet watermelon notes balanced well with it's tomato base, and was absolutely delectable; I couldn't stop eating it.I got the homemade meatloaf sandwich (Smoked bacon, aged white cheddar, and tomato-thyme mayo on a baguette), a true gazpacho sidekick; I've added a photo of this beaut for visual aid. Holy shnikeys! The bread was fresh and soft, yet still substantial. The meatloaf was moist and filled the bread to the edges; all the flavors worked in a perfect symphony to yield perhaps, the perfect sandwich. I really admire their attention to detail and delicately balanced flavors.Breakfast sandwiches look great. Sides look delicious and range from $2-4. I have my eye on the mac n' cheese (aged chedder and gruyere).Their Cucumber Lemonade is THE BOMB!! So delicious and refreshing! No soda fountains here; awesome! They offer yummy coffee/iced coffee and also a vanilla chai milkshake that I will surely try at a later date.Decor: modern, hipster, trendy, charming are all ways to describe this place. Teal and brown walls, modern pieces, local hipster art, Motobecane (1-cylinder) motorcycle which oddly, doesn't look out of place...it's a really nice area to chill out. Couches and comfy chairs are also readily available for your buns.Super Plus: The sincerely polite manager/server (owner maybe?) personally came to our table to apologize for some bothersome flies; he explained that hurricane Irene had taken out their AC a few days previous and they had to have the doors open for a couple days. Their service is unmatched in my book.Will I go back? You bet your sweet a** I will! Already anxiously waiting my next visit.*You can call ahead and order.**I also overheard them saying that they will be doing dinner soon. Can't wait to see what tasty morsels they'll be whipping up for that!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,2/2/2012,67,146,4,5,6>I'm still full from my visit last night. In fact, I may not need to eat for days.  Dining Days provided an excellent excuse for a first visit to JG Domestic, and, if I can get over the fact that the restaurant is located in on the ground floor of a very official-feeling office building, I'll definitely be back. The menu had us off to a good start, with a variety of delicious-looking options. Usually when I go out to eat, my dining partner and I end up eyeing the same options, which leads to the ultimate restaurant conundrum -- do you both order the same dish and run the risk of being doubly dissappointed, or does someone settle for their second choice?  Not so last night.  My dining partner (Laura S) and I chose wildly different meal options, and were both very satisfied.  After devouring the warm, salted, buttery rolls that were brought to our table, I started in on the potted duck, a rich, flavorful starter that would probably provide enough substance (and saturated fat) for two.  The duck was served with a side of miniature pickles which, while adorable, were way too potent for my taste -- but they were easily ignored.  My dining partner chose the melon gazpacho, which was light and tasty - perfect for summer.  For my entree, I chose the day boat scallops.  The scallops themselves were delicious.  The cauliflower and orange accompaniment felt a little mismatched, but the taste was good in any case.  My dining companion chose the hanger steak.  Apparently it was good, because it was gone before I got to try a bite!   Desserts were beignets and chocolate cake.  The chocolate cake was light and somewhat forgettable, but the ice cream complemented it nicely.  The best decision we made all night was to pour some of the bourbon from the beignets onto the chocolate cake -- yum.Service was very friendly.  The timing was a little inconsistent, but that's Dining Days for you.  One minor design critique - high top tables are great, but some hooks for purses would have been most welcome.  To reach into my purse during the meal, I had to slide halfway off my chair, balance on my tiptoe, and bend over sideways.  Naturally, this is when the waiter came to check to see how we were doing.  Very awkward, thanks for asking!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,2/1/2012,115,317,3,10,5>I've noticed all the other reviews are from guys, and as a woman who doesn't smoke cigars this place is still awesome!  Half bar/lounge, half  your swanky friend's living room, Ashes is one of my favorite places to hang out in manayunk especially when I'm looking for a chill, classy, enjoyable night with friends.Vasil knows how to treat his customers.  The hookahs are great, and the leather couches, dim lighting, low music and byob make it a great hang out to chat with old friends and mingle with new ones.  If you're bothered by smoke (cigar and hookah), then it's not for you - my clothes always reek afterwards.  But it's well worth it as I love me some hookah!There's no other place like Ashes in manayunk or even in the philly area - definitely check it out sometime whether it's to have a few drinks before hitting main street, a last stop before heading home, or for a full evening.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,1/31/2012,4498,831,5,18,10>There are some places where barbeque is not a food group but a religion.  I've been to many of those places like Texas, Kansas City, and the Carolinas and Sweet Lucy's (SL) would hold its own anywhere.  If you are one of those people that pray to the barbeque Gods than you need to visit and be saved.Speaking of the Gods, it's a good thing God made GPS because you will need one to find SL.  OK, maybe a human made GPS but you're still going to need one.  Last night fellow Yelper Teri R. and I made the pilgrimage.  Coming off route 1 there were several turns before we found it in a very industrial area.  We were both SL virgins looking for great barbeque and good conversation.  We found both here.We parked in front of several cords of stacked wood.  Always a good sign at a barbecue joint.  In we went, paid our $20 for the buffet and received our wrist bands and drink cup.  We snagged one of the last remaining booths along the wall.  By the way, this place puts the "C" in casual.  You know those little plastic bags with the white plastic fork & spoon and the tiny napkin?  Yup, that's what you get.  How about those Styrofoam plates divided into three sections?  Yup again.Next I headed over to the self-service drink station.  The usual fountain sodas are here but skip them.  I'm not usually a sweet tea drinker but so many reviews raved about it I filled a large cup.  The other reviewers are right on.  There must be some kind of drug in it.  It was absolutely delicious and as soon as I finished the first cup I headed up for a refill.Now for the important stuff.  As this was my first visit I was in sampling mode.  My first trip to the buffet included-* Cornbread* Cucumber tomato salad* Baked beans with pork* Smoked sausage* Smoked turkey* Brisket* Pulled porkThis was seriously good comfort food.  When I eat barbeque I want the sauce to compliment, not overpower the meat.  I need to taste the meat not just sauce.  In every case that was true here.  Delicious meats and delicious sauce working together to make beautiful music on my tongue.  The sides were also great.  The baked beans were fine and all the others were exceptional.Now for round two-* More cornbread* More cucumber tomato salad* Garlic mashed potatoes* Collard greens* Pulled chicken* A chicken quarter* More pulled porkOnce again everything was great and nothing was dried out.Of course there was a round three and that was warm bread pudding.  I could have also enjoyed apple cobbler.When I woke up this morning I smiled thinking about last night's meal.  I went to throw yesterday's shirt in the laundry and I could still smell the sweet barbeque smoke from my visit.  It doesn't get any better than that!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,1/30/2012,62,107,2,5,4>Whenever I visit this Ooka, I tend to sit at the sushi bar area. It is more inviting to me since it's a chill yet entertaining environment. You can chat it up with the sushi chefs and watch them as they prepare meals. Ben, who is a head sushi chef, is very funny and helpful. Not sure if something is fresh? Don't know what to get? Ask him and he'll definitely help you.The Saikoro steak appetizer is awesome here, a must try... so are the kumamoto raw oysters.. yum!The sushi and sashimi dishes are always fresh. I personally like anything with yellowtail, blue shrimp, scallops, abalone, or spicy tuna.Give this place a try. It's perfect for dates as it provides an intimate, loungey feel with modern decor (and yummy food!).
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,1/29/2012,109,163,,7,5>What is up with this place!? Holy crap it's awesome. Honestly, I didn't think anyone would drool over grilled cheese and onion rings but American Sardine Bar made me do just that. We each ordered a main dish and a side and shared bites here and there of each others food. We passed around big bowls of spicy brussel sprouts, onion rings and french fries with pickle dipping sauces. Not a complaint from any of us... we were too busy stuffing our faces. The beers on tap looked good and reasonably priced, and the jukebox played some chill tunes. It's small and dimly lit but the atmosphere is cool and laid back. The bar goes on forever so it can accommodate quite a few folks. And let's not forget about the service! friendly as can be and helpful. When I asked if they had ciders and they didn't, the waitress suggested something else for me that was just lovely. I love this place and now I know why my friends brought me there after having just been there 3 days earlier. It would totally be my neighborhood hangout if I lived there too :)
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,1/28/2012,111,109,10,5,6>I won't be safe to enter city limits after saying this, but, there is nothing worse than the soft Philadelphia Pretzel Factory style of pretzel that dominates the Philly pretzel landscape. The entire genre of dry, doughy soft pretzels. I know it's tantamount to urinating on a cheesesteak with an image of Rocky in the whiz, but I will be silent no more: They taste like someone stuffed damp Wonder bread into a kinked garden hose and dried it out in a tanning bed. A New Jersey tanning bed. As someone who moved here from out of state, I'm like a step dad marrying into a new family and choosing not to love all of Philly's children. Not when you're the ugly kid who steals my booze.But there is a glistening, golden lining in the gray cloud of Philly pretzels: Miller's. The standard pretzel at Miller's takes a warm golden bath (far less bizarre than it's weirdo cousin, the golden shower) in fat and cholesterol and absorbs the butter like a Sham-WOW, seeping in the dough's pores like natural gas in the soil/water at the Marcellus Shale reserve. Despite getting the Paula Deen treatment, the pretzel maintains a just-crispy-enough crust that gives you the smallest crunch to go with the butter oozing its way through your arteries. The breakfast pretzel sandwich has all these same qualities with the toy-in-cereal-box bonus of being stuffed with egg, cheese, and your choice of meat. It's good enough to choose over a proper sit down breakfast. Let's see those dog chew toys at the Pretzel Factory pull that off.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,1/27/2012,436,385,8,12,11>now THIS is what i'm talkin about. you haven't lived til you've had really good soondubu (soft tofu soup). and this ish is the real deal.if jong ka jib sits at 5 stars in my book, then i'd literally have to go back to every center city korean restaurant review i've ever written and downgrade them by one star (at least). that's how much better this place is. it just completely blows all those so-called korean places in center city out of the water.the interior decoration is about as traditional as korean restaurants get. and the flavors stay true to the korean taste buds.. no diluting spices to placate the westernized palate. of course, you can always ask for your food to be less spicy. ahem *weaksauce* ahem. they also give every customer a huge stone bowl of rice to accompany their meal. L-O-V-E.the banchan is decent. more fresh than anything i've tasted in the city, but not a very wide selection - only about 5 dishes. however i'll take quality over quantity any day.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,1/26/2012,73,80,3,5,5>One would think the Assi market could be a bit intimidating if you're not of Asian ancestry. And it is... the first time you go. Many of the labels are in languages that ... well, aren't English. The products may be unfamiliar. Some of them may be downright unusual depending on your frame of reference. You may very well be the only non-Asian person there. But, this isn't the Acme! Enjoy the immersive experience, talk to a few of the other patrons. Don't be afraid to stop, touch, smell. Take a chance! Maybe my clueless look and the fact that I'm pushing around a Kewpie doll of a Kid help. I've always gotten top notch service from the staff, lots of suggestions from other shoppers, and left with plenty of goodies. I took my daughter for the first time in two or three months on Saturday. We had a great time looking at all the produce, left with some amazing deals on herbs (hands down the best place to buy fresh herbs) and I always take her to look at the fish tanks. She is delighted by the "cwabs." My only complaint: The pricing selection on non-speciality foods is HIGH. Cheerios are like $5 for a tiny box. Yogurt is $1.50 for a cup that will run you $.35 at the Redners less than 200 yards away. I hate to think that the owners are preying on individuals who may be language limited or can only make one stop. I prefer to think of it as the markup that can be likened to a minibar Rum. They're banking on a captive audience. Still...Great selection, amazing produce,  tasty food court finds. (and the only place for a Boba fix in all of the Montgomeryville area)  Win!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,11/4/2007,165,200,,4,5>WOW, normally, I like but do not LOVE dim sum. But I loved the dim sum here. Everything was delicious. The seafood was really fresh, you could tell when you bit into it, and all the dishes were nice and hot. The dumpling skins even tasted good. And everything that was fried was nice and crispy (not soggy) on the outside. I went on a Saturday and arrived at noon. Had to wait about 15 minutes, but that was nothing because at about 12:30 the wait was over 30 minutes! Oh well, whaddyagonnado?I would totally come here again because the dim sum was pretty great.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,11/3/2007,478,401,10,12,7>The Racquet Club is a very elegant facility and a great choice for wedding reception.  Two full bars, a huge dining room, and a dramatic foyer.  The drinks were stiff and plentiful, the waitstaff was professional, and the food was outstanding.  They even have little alcoves along the hallways where people were making out after having a few too many.  My only gripe is that the ladies room was so far away.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,11/2/2007,330,1031,4,8,6>This was my first time at The Philadelphia Museum of Art.  And wouldn't you know, it was love at first site.  The building and the location itself, are both striking.  I love the Greek revival facade that overlooks the city.  Plus the grounds are beautiful and I loved the fountain.Once inside, I was impressed by how expansive the museum is.  They say it houses some 225,000 objects.  I personally fell in love with the European art.  I also found a new artist, my new favorite painting is "The Grape Harvest" by Henri-Edmond Cross.  It's one of the finest examples of Cross's neo-Impressionist landscapes.  I was completely astounded by it's beauty.  Plus, it was great to see some old favorites by Van Gogh and Monet.  The art collection here is amazing and precious.  And, don't shoot me.  I also enjoyed standing by "Rocky" and having my photo taken.  Come on, guys.  That statue is an amazing work of art.  I loved it, too.  :o)
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,11/1/2007,37,409,,4,4>This is a booze-only review.The beautiful people were out for Center City Sips last night--and they all flocked to Alma de Cuba.  The crowd was fully slicked back/ reapplied/ pushed up/ and rearin' to get their drink on at 5pm sharp!There were no tables to be had by 5:10pm, so my friend and I stood while we tried not to guzzle our delicious sangria (with a pineapple aftertaste--yum!) and mojitos (fresh fresh fresh lime juice was so perfect!).  The drinks went down easy and there was eye candy for all--it's twentysomething heaven there, so feast up! (and be warned!)
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,10/31/2007,27,47,3,4,4>I used to work here too. Joe is a great guy, possibly one of the best bosses in town. He is a super active, passionate, and hilarious guy with a sense of humor of a 12 year old. This place serves the best coffee in the city. He serves over 35 different varieties of fair trade, organic coffee that is all specialty blend. You can buy bulk here, or just grab a cup.Besides coffee, Joe serves sandwiches, soups, salads and other lunch-time munchies all made from organic or local ingredients. Every Friday the Amish farmers deliver fresh meat and produce that is used to make all of our food fresh everyday in house.All staff, including Joe himself, are knowledgeable about everything in the store and will help you pick out what you want, including coffee and tea accessories. The coolest part of Joe is that everyone is gonna remember your name if you come often and aren't an asshole.Joe also is a politically oriented space, progressive, green, and gay-positive, but the shop is not defined by its attitudes. Several nights a week the store is packed with events ranging from Spanish speakers to LGBT board game night (which is the rowdiest, most fun event).Joe, himself, makes less money than you do. He makes sure he doesn't charge bourgie center-city inflated prices even though he pays more to make sure the shop lives up to its lofty ideals, which it always does (unless we run out of half/half).If you're looking for a homogeneous coffee experience, go to Shitbucks and slowly help murder independent coffee shops and local businesses, if not, go to Joe's and discover what a coffee shop should aspire to be.FREE WIFI BITCHES!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,10/30/2007,6,38,2,3,3>Last week our dinner party ended up growing larger than our intended restaurant could accommodate. A few hours before and nowhere to eat, one of my friends suggested this place.I will admit that I was skeptical at first. I am not too familiar with greek food and when I do thinks about it, the first things that usually come to mind are yogurt and olives. Well this place has totally changed my perspective.The 8 of us were seated in the back room that you had to pass through a garden patio type area to get to. Super cute! We brought our own wine and were given the perfect amount of time to have a glass or two while looking over the menu (beautiful prices to go w/ the selection). We all shared 2 appetizer trays that were gone in the matter of minutes - not because of the limited amount, but because of the delicious taste. You know its good when you are not shy about being pushy for the little bit that is left ("did anyone want this last bit?" you ask, as you scoop it onto your plate without making eye contact with anyone)The entrees were just as good. I asked for my leftovers to be wrapped, actually remembered to bring them with me as I left, did not throw them out or give them to a homeless person while walking to the car, put it in the fridge at home and heated it up the next day. Now THAT is a success story!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,10/29/2007,204,522,1,5,3>In a city filled with good restaurants (and no, Stephen Starr, I am NOT talking about your establishments), Penang stands out as a trendy, classy, innovative dining experience, with the kind of food that makes you want to gush about your Asian travels (your belly's adventure, that is). Penang is also the place to go if you are looking to challenge yourself a bit gastronomically.The beef satay is a rich, spicy celebration of tender meat in your mouth, with a peanut sauce that takes no prisoners. They also serve fabulously spicy seafood soups, a divine roti,  and a wonderful chicken dish that is served in a rice noodle meringue bird's nest. Truly, I have never had a dish I did not enjoy.The restaurant is typically busy, with waiters who valiantly try to communicate with you, sometimes with mixed results. Penang only takes cash, so be prepared to sprint a few blocks if you find that your wallet is empty (I have done this before). Believe me, it will be worth it. Highly recommended.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,10/28/2007,250,720,1,4,2>Philly is one of my favorite culinary cities, and Amada is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  I've had the best tapas I've eaten outside of Barcelona here.  Almost everything we ordered was delicious, but the gem of the evening was the oxtail potato croquette special.  To DIE for.You can't go wrong with this place; it comes very highly recommended.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,10/27/2007,68,164,1,4,2>My fellow traveling co-workers thought I was crazy to consider getting a haircut while out of town. But my hair was getting crazy shaggy, and this NorCal boy was withering in the heat and humidity of July in Philadelphia. So I put my faith in Yelp, and took a walk on the wild side.The place is a hard to find but, in my confusion, I stumbled upon a drug store selling water ice, so it was all good.Neither Gaetano or Lou were there, just a nice Asian lady. She was finishing up when I walked in, right before closing on Saturday. I think I waited 15 minutes, my hair was "did" about 30 minutes later. A scalp and neck massage were included in the price. I forget exactly -- it was around $20. There was a sign on the wall apologizing for the recent increase.I gotta give props to the shops keeping it old school. And all the more so for friendly, quality service.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,10/26/2007,17,91,1,3,2>I too only knew about Jamaican Jerk Hut from the movie In Her Shoes, but it WAS worthy of its Hollywood spotlight.  For those who can't handle spicy jerk chicken, I highly recommend the Brown Stew Chicken.  Not too spicy, tender soft chicken full of flavor.  Our food took longer than we thought (about 20 minutes) for a Tuesday evening at 8 pm, as we had already colored the entire table surface by the time we were served.  We plan to go back there again and again.  I'm curious about the Okra Run Down.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/19/2012,238,323,2,7,5>Wonderful. Tea. Nice. Those are the basic three words I'd apply to Cups & Chairs ... it's a rare occasion that it's full of people, but even then, it's always quiet conversations -- befitting a polite tea shop.The loose leaf tea selection is wonderful, and the owner/staff are always willing to offer a kind nudge if you are overwhelmed/unsure. I know someone who walks in and just asks them to give him whatever. Everything's good.I'm a total tea-head, and it absolutely riffs me when I go to places that just hand you a cup and a tea bag. Cups & Chairs doesn't give you your tea until it's ready, and no tea bag in sight (and no bitter, over-brewed tea!). It's just classier, people. I'm a big fan -- so much that I actually keep myself from heading there everyday, because I truly would if left to my own devices (and when a large tea runs you at ~$3, it's not even that bad of a habit).
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,5/18/2012,311,132,10,3,4>Different people have different definitions of what it means to be "spicy." Sometimes you can order "mind-blasting gastrocide death wings" that hold less heat than a loveless marriage. Because of subjectivity like this, I have my own standard of preferred spice, that which qualifies as "embarrassing to eat in public." This doesn't mean just a little sweating or some running of the nose, this means that, even alone, you'll feel a little self-conscious about your own physical response.That said, here's what you need to know about Circles:- Their Thai hot option is SPICY. I'm talking head pounding, tongue numbing goodness.- As a result, it is also incredibly salty. This is a turn off.- The red curry is superior to the pumpkin curry.- The tom kha soup is ridiculously sour.- There are TWO locations, right across the street from each other. One is the actual restaurant. The other run down shack is for carry out. Regardless of where you are sitting, all the food comes from the latter.- THEY DELIVER!!!...but depending on where you live, delivery fees can be high and it can take a while.Circles does not serve the most authentic Thai food (though really, who does), but it is certainly a place I crave from time to time when I feel like crying while eating.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,5/17/2012,263,68,4,7,6>DiNics offers the best pork sandwich I've ever put in my mouth. Juicy tender slices of slow-cooked pork, nestled in a jus-soaked roll, topped with garlicky broccoli rabe. It's an explosion of flavor.My only small gripe: the only cheese they offer is sharp provolone.I hate sharp provolone. Before you say it, I'm Chinese - so I know, that's soooo un-American. However, even without cheese, the sandwich is mighty tasty.I hit up DiNics during my weekend trips to RTM, and the line for DiNic's so absurdly long. Don't let this discourage you. Get your ass in that line and get your hands on a sandwich. It's worth the wait.I love the roast pork sandwich so much that I have yet to try any of their other sandwiches! I must make myself do this on my next visit... maybe. Maybe the sausage, or roast beef... Or perhaps I'll just order another roast pork.  =P
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,5/16/2012,303,225,4,7,7>It is a complete travesty that something this amazing has 6, count em SIX reviews! What is wrong with you people?? Talk about underrated and undervalued. Lucky #7 it is. It comes to no surprise that recovering goth chicks like me gravitate toward a good cemetery. Can you blame me? How can one pass up the opportunity to drape yourself over a stone, clad in greasy, black eyeliner? And it really does say Robert Smith. I dai. Anyway, Laurel Hill is this huge cemetery perched on a hilltop overlooking the Schuylkill River. The view is breath taking and if you go at the right time of year, the photo opportunities are ENDLESS. Historically you will see dates as far as the 1700's on some of the stones we saw. Old school, classic, Victorian.This is just one of those things that you need to see for yourself in order to take it all in. One of the best I have seen in the world, bar none.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,5/15/2012,268,273,3,7,9>As one of my friends pointed out, vegetarians aren't used to having a hard time selecting their meals when they dine out. On Tuesday nights, Meritage offers a vegetarian menu along with a vegan tasting menu. That's it. You can't be a carnivore here on Tuesdays. It's a great idea to bring diners out on an otherwise unremarkable weeknight, and the restaurant filled up while we ate. I had such a hard time deciding what to order that I'm already thinking about going back another Tuesday this month.Four of us had dinner here last Tuesday, including three vegetarians and one vegan. We split two "snacks" to start our meal: the kale chips and the panisse fries. The kale chips were light and airy, but a little bland. The panisse fries, which looked like cube-shaped mozzarella sticks, were flavorful, perfectly crisp on the outside, and full of creamy chickpea goodness on the inside. A friend and I split two of the salads. The farm salad was your average salad with mixed field greens, apples and some very mild onions. The watercress salad was lightly dressed in an amazing sesame dressing that really complemented the grapefruit, blood oranges and slightly bitter greens. For dinner, I ordered the lentil sticky rice which came in a banana leaf. The sticky rice was more like a risotto and it definitely needed the tomato chutney to kick up the flavor, but it was delightful and filling. A sprinkling of crispy carrot shavings came on top of all of our dinners and we all remarked how incredibly tasty it was. We spent a good couple of hours sitting, eating and chatting on our vegetarian outing and we never felt rushed. All I have to say is, dear Meritage owners, please keep your Tuesday nights meatless!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,5/14/2012,195,334,3,5,4>Two words: European Ketchup! I'm a fan of European Republic's Old City location and going back in the day to their Huntington, Long Island establisment. It was at the new South Street European Republic that I discovered my new love, their European Ketchup. I used to be all about the caviar dip for the frites. But now that I am avoiding seafood, I decided to try the European Ketchup.I see why I ignored it all this time. It sounds like ketchup with some spices in it. You can get ketchup for free at any restaurant including European Republic. But as it involved no obvious meat or fish I tried it and was pleasantly surprised. It is somewhat similar to In-N-Out's burger spread. I have also tried their Jalapeno Cheddar. Pretty good with a nice spice but no European Ketchup. A small frites with European Ketchup is a great snack for any trip to South Street.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,5/13/2012,99,109,2,4,4>Such an unassuming place from the outside. I've passed by dozens and dozens of times, with little inclination to ever stop in -- what a poor move on my part! This is a cozy restaurant and bar, situated right on "tattoo row," off South. A no-frills exterior belies the surprisingly bright and welcoming dining room, which offers plenty of seating at tables and along the long, polished bar. Not crowded, easily off the radar of the touristy, obnoxious clientele I try to avoid in my neighborhood. A solid alternative to other area bars...plus the food is great!My boyfriend and I grabbed two stools and ordered from their extensive and moderately-priced bottled beer selection. I loved gazing at the bottles, carefully arranged in rows in their fridge behind the bar. Every few seconds we'd notice something new. Brooklyn Brown! Sapporo! Something cool with an owl on it!We ordered a selection of appetizers, mostly to just try a bunch of different items and sate our fat kid fried food cravings. The crab and cheese wontons, a fancy version of crab rangoon, were a highlight, with a crisp exterior stuffed with fresh crab meat and soft creamy cheese. They'd sold out of the empanada of the day (a poblano beef creation), so we ordered the duck eggrolls, with a tangy sauce and moist (though a bit stingy) duck meat. These were the favorite orders of the night.The chicken tacos were a misstep, with ground chicken in tomato sauce, overstuffed in a hard shell. I did like the black beans that accompanied the order, however. The mac and cheese, as many have raved about here, didn't quite live up to the hype. It comes out baked, with plain ziti noodles and a salty, satisfying cheese sauce (possibly mozzarella, though it's hard to tell). It's delicious, certainly, but I'd been hyped up by previous reviews. If/when I return, this would certainly fit my criteria for cheap weeknight comfort food.Curious to try the other offerings, including many vegetarian friendly dinners, like a vegan burger and seitan meatloaf.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,5/12/2012,162,210,3,6,6>I've been veggie for about seventeen years, and one of the things I miss the most is a good chicken sandwich.  I mean I've had some passable sandwiches in the past, but nothing like the Hip City Ranch. Dear god, it was like being transported back into my teenage mallrat high waisted jeans boy scoping cassette single buying self, and that was just the first bite. There is something so very satisfying about this sandwich, it's battered just right, with a few extra crispy pieces hanging off the bun.  The ranch sauce is perfection and the bun held together nicely (a pet peeve of mine) while adding to the flavor of the sandwich. I also got a lemonade (sweetened with agave, super refreshing and delicious) and a side Caesar salad.  At first glance the salad seems a bit sparse, with only dressed lettuce, a few plantain chips for garnish and some jicama throughout, but the taste is amazing, and I'm aware that's pretty much all a Caesar salad is anyway. The dressing is really spot on, and plentiful.  I am super excited to go back and try every last menu item. The people are super friendly, food came out fast, and it's cute inside.  Definitely not the best place to eat in, as there's a counter facing the street, and two or three tables lining the walls.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,5/11/2012,55,290,3,5,4>AMAZING food. So good I wanted to cry.  So good, that my boyfriend and I both agreed that if we were to die tomorrow, this would be our last meal.Crawfish Bisque- Not as thick as I expected a bisque to be, but still so good.  Delicious bisque with bits of crawfish.  I couldn't get enough.  I pretty much licked the bowl clean.Duck jambalaya- WOW.  Flavorful rice, perfectly spicy, succulent, crispy duck.  Oyster po-boy- Fuckin' awesome.  Flakey, large, crispy fried pieces of oyster with the most delicious remoulade I've ever had.  Better than Beck's in Reading Terminal.  Better than Johnny's Po Boy in New Orleans.  Abita Bock  on tap- crisp and refreshing.  Friendly, fun bartender who gives the best pour around.  No froth, beer to the rim, absolutely no spillage.I cannot wait to return.  The sole other person at the bar on a Monday night assures me the bread pudding with bananas foster is amazing.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,5/10/2012,51,64,18,11,7>Burger .org is an Israeli owned, Mexican themed, kosher burger joint with German, Asian, and Arabic offerings. The website describes their cuisine as American.You may see for yourself. However, do not go to burger .org looking for the menu for burger .org, as the website for burger .org is www.burgerorg .com. Apparently this restaurant is a for-profit enterprise.I ordered the lamb "El Gringo" burger in lettuce. For those keeping score, this is an originally Germanic, American-style dish with a traditionally Mediterranean meat, served Kosher, sans bun, under a Spanish name meaning "white person." It was delicious. Highly recommended.I also got a side of sweet potato fries which are, for the record, the American version of the French preparation of a tuber originating in Venezuela. Perhaps the ".org" component of their name refers to the education one receives when considering the multi-ethnic nature of their offerings.They have barbecue sauce in a squirt bottle and that was also good.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/6/2013,83,417,5,11,8>When I heard about a new grilled cheese joint at Reading Terminal Market, I knew I had to check it out. So I made my way to the back of the market and stopped by Meltkraft, which makes its creations from artisanal sheep's milk cheeses sourced from Valley Shepherd Creamery in Jersey.They even make mozzarella in-house, daily on Tuesdays through Sundays. They have a specialty fresh mozzarella sandwich in addition to a good variety of grilled cheese sandwiches.Of course, you're free to get on a line to the right where you can grab a wheel or two of their delicious cheeses. Or quench your thirst with a Boylan's hand-crafted soda.But I was there for their grilled cheese. So I got on the line to the left and ordered three of their sandwiches. Each sandwich comes with a good amount of ketchup-flavored kettle chips, which were delicious - a sharp tang with a vinegary punch. A nice way to break up the heaviness of grilled cheese. The bread itself was decent - a bit thin for my taste, but housed the respective ingredients quite well. Perfectly buttered, I appreciated the grilled texture from the panini press.Valley Thunder ($8.75)Valley Shepherd "Valley Thunder" cheddar, Bubbe's brisket and baked macaroni & cheeseThis is one of the heftier offerings - the melange of tender brisket, creamy mac and cheese, and sharp artisanal cheddar make for a coma-inducing bite. For the price, I was hoping the sandwich had 50% more height to it, but a delicious grilled cheese nonetheless.Brielle ($7.50)Brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and pine nutsThis is one of the more interesting offerings - a play on sweet and slight salty. The tang of the cranberry chutney was a nice foil to the heft of the caramelized onions and the creaminess of the Brie. The pine nuts offered a nice textural balance as well.Today's Mozz ($7.50 + $.50 add-on for soppressata)Just made fresh mozzarella on baguette with roasted tomatoes. Naturally, I had to try the fresh mozz and of course, I had to get the soppressata addition. The mozzarella wasn't salted so you can easily taste the purity of the cheese. The thick slices copiously covered this sandwich, with the salami adding a nice heft to the sandwich. The roasted tomatoes added some necessary punch as well. The fresh baguette was crusty, airy, and held the sandwich together nicely.Overall, if you're looking for great grilled cheese, be sure to stop by Meltkraft. Just head to the back of Reading Terminal Market and follow the scent of butter and cheese. Heck - the ketchup-flavored kettle chips are worth the trip alone. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/5/2013,314,375,8,12,12>Yes this is truly a GEM tucked away on Garrett Rd. that I and I am sure everyone else has driven by in their time. I admit it, I did it, I confess I am that guy to have driven by without even giving them a chance. If it wasn't for an invite  by everyones fan favorite "Yelper" Steven B. I would still  to this day be driving by this place .Great atmosphere, a comfortable feeling as you walk in with ample seating in the dining area. The decor is placed in the perfect spots with the flat screens  arranged so you can never miss a step. The juke box on the wall blends in perfectly with the bar, giving a little more added color. Then there is that beautiful list, yes the list we all know as the crafted beers on tap. Strategically placed so you can see at every vantage point what is on tap next to the fine selections of liquor for those who like that extra octane. Plus, (yes I know there is more to this fine place) the two guys behind that bar Vince and Mark are reliable, these guys interact with the patrons offering their insight on issues. That right there is a comfort, because I have been to a few bars where they just pour and walk  while looking for that tip. Vince and I along with Steven were doing "Bar trivia "  most taps in the delco area, or what place offers pizza and a beer in Havertown, and with out hesitation Vince calls us out on other trivia. That's what you'll experience , which turns you into a repeat.We are not finished, lets get into the kitchen that this bar offers, and yes  I would have loved to have given this guy a high five. The presentation , flavor, to that first bite of just an explosion of flavor hitting the taste buds like a balloon to a needle types. I love food and when something just amazes you like this, words can't be expressed, just facial expressions of joy come out.Started off with a bacon and cheese dip with toasted baguette bread sliced surrounding this lovely dish. I love bacon , now they made a dip blended with cheese that is hot, mouth watering people.. simply delicious.I then furthered my adventure with the "Italiano cheese burger" . This  is a perfect blend of Italian sausage mixed with beef topped with cheese, along with a slice of prosciutto on top cooked to a medium. AMAZING !!  The sausage blended in with every bite  was like angels singing Hallelujah with harps in the back.My partner in crime Steve went with a chicken and chorizo flat bread with melted cheese. I had the honor of trying this masterpiece.. this work of art, the chicken with nice cuts of chorizo , had an amazing kick to it. Flavorful, enjoyable I was torn between my excellent cheese burger that I did not want to give up, to Steve's flat bread. Both are great , now I am wondering if these 3 items are that good, I wonder how these other meals are. With every bite I was washing it down with great crafts, from a Lancaster winter ale to now a fan favorite Pa. St. Nicholas Bock.In all this whole experience was unbelievable, great conversations, great company, great food. Thank you Steve for making me stop in to this fine establishment. Solid 4 on my end !
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,4/4/2013,491,1393,2,11,6>The rolls here are creative and very good.  We had the dynamite (unagi roll topped with tempura crunch and spicy scallops), lobster tempura (lobster tempura, mango, avocado, and a hint of coconut wrapped in soy; love the coconut!), and kani kamikaze (spicy crab-stick, mango, honey, and wasabi spread topped with king crab).  All three special rolls were great, and my more traditional spicy scallop was fresh and perfectly creamy and spicy.  The spicy tuna 202 was a solid take on the tuna sundae with small sashimi pieces topped with with avocado, (gingko?) nuts, spicy sauce, and roe.  Service is great and they even have Ramune, which instantly makes any meal better!  East Norriton/Plymouth Meeting is becoming a sushi mecca, slowly but surely.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,4/3/2013,193,367,14,27,25>I've had 4 months to write a review about Vetri and I'm still at a loss for words for how I should describe my meal.  Is there a level above perfect?  Because there should be, and it should be called Vetri (Merriam-Webster, update your dictionary now).My grand plan was to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday with a meal at Vetri.  Easy, right?  But one does not simply walk into Vetri.  No, this took some serious plotting.  I contacted the restaurant over a month out to see if they would be able to accommodate me, since yours truly has a plethora of food allergies.  "No problem," they said.  I then proceeded to stalk them on Open Table for a solid week so I could snag a reservation (I swear I'm sane) and then I anxiously waited for the date to arrive.  Vetriland was everything I imagined it would be: impeccable service, exquisite food that I will never forget, amazing drinks...it was a beautiful dining experience.  I recommend pacing yourself as you go throughout the courses because this is a marathon, not a sprint.  Savor each bite and sip slowly or you won't be able to enjoy dessert.   As if the whole meal wasn't enough, we were given an autographed, hand-painted menu and a brief tour of the kitchen.  All in all, it was the perf...er...Vetri evening.  Thank you for making me an unforgettable meal and helping me win the girlfriend of the year award.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/2/2013,111,109,6,6,4>For all the adulation Philadelphia's sandwich scene rightfully receives, Chickie's is a bit under the radar. It's not anyone's best kept secret, but what they slather and pile on their rolls seems like it should necessitate longer lines than the ones that await you here.The reasonable wait is beneficial to the growling stomachs and claustrophobic alike: You're tightly packed between the counter and surpluses of soft drink crates, refrigerators, and Italian sweets. It kind of feels like you're ordering from someone's pantry, but in a charming way. If, as it's been said, recipes aren't created, they evolve, then the fried tomato special ($7.25) with bacon, lettuce, red peppers and cheese is evidence of a small step in evolution for the simple BLT. Your future myocardial infarction is held together and hastened with optional mayo, which you probably need to get because there's no room for half measures in sandwiches. The bacon follows these ethos and doesn't punk out with some thin, translucent pieces of pig scab; it's thick and crispy. Again: no half measures.I'd recommend going with the veggie hoagie ($8) if it's your first time here because it's what they do best and doubles as an edible how-to manual for making a veggie sandwich right. Eggplant, roasted red peppers, rabe, and cheese sound like they're only complements to a protein, but I promise you it's more than enough.The only drawback is the very South Philly hours of 9-4 with no hours on Sunday. What did I say about half measures, Chickie's?
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,4/1/2013,79,145,2,6,4>Simply Wow! I've heard so much about this place but never had access to a car to go into the heart of South Philly (10 and Wolf). I heard all about how great the tacos were but when I got to Los Gallos I was over whelmed by the amount of choices. I ordered three tacos; chorizo, al pastor and the steak. They were all very tasty. I also had an order of quesadillas which was the best mexican meal I've ever had. I have no idea what kind of cheese was inside the Dilla but oh geez I couldn't get enough of it. Go there and enjoy real Mexican. No point wasting your time on silly Center City Mexican restaurants.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,3/31/2013,158,461,4,6,5>Kinda funny how I live up the street from this place but very rarely stopped in...until recently. Since my go-to pizza place near me now has new owners and is taking a turn for the worse, I decided to give Nuccio's a shot. It had been quite a few years since I was here last, and I'm pretty sure that sometime during my absence they changed owners at least once. On my first visit my order consisted of a large cheese pizza and a cheese calzone. Both were very good and seemed to be a notch above some of the other pizza places in the vicinity. They should also get a shout-out for their sandwiches, namely the chicken parm, as well as the cheesesteak stromboli, which I have had on more recent visits. Now just a few quick side notes: The owner of this place is awesome (his picture is right on the menu), and he always either shakes your hand or attempts (pretty sure he is straight off the boat) to talk to you. You can snag a large cheese pizza for $7 on a Tuesday (normally $11.50). Stepping inside of this place will make you feel like you are in a place where the Sopranos would meet. All of these things should make you want to come here!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,3/30/2013,182,603,2,6,5>I can now say I officially love the clay studio.  I had gone a few times during first Friday to look around.  In July, I noticed a flyer to sign up for a project after the August night market, where they would also be promoting their young supporters membership option.  I am super un-creative, but I wish I was creative, so I signed up right away.  After the August first Friday slowed down, we were taken upstairs to the school, where there were lots of snacks, wine, and beer.  Our project for the night was a clay tile, basically just making designs in it, and then glazing.  I listened to the speech about the young supporters, and about what they clay studio does as a whole, and decided I would sign up for a year.  I went to a September Out of Hand work shop where I had a chance to try the pottery wheel, and signed up for my first real class which started last night.  For now, I'm just trying the clay studio sampler.  It's 5 weeks, and we get to do both hand and wheel work.  The instructor is awesome.  The price includes clay, glazes, and firing.  I get a discount as a member.  There are lots of open studio hours where I can go in to keep working on my projects.  I hope my friends and family are looking forward to some mediocre pottery this Christmas.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/29/2013,181,207,2,8,7>I fell in love over the weekend. With a barbecue place!After a few beers at Frankford Hall, our meat-loving group was ready to take on some real barbecue. And that we did. I digged the industrial cafeteria-like operation, and choosing your different spread of meats was easy since it's cut in front of you butcher-style, and you can determine the right-sized portion.  The selection has a nice variety of beef, chicken, pork, and ribs, priced by the pound. I chose a half-pound of the beef brisket, and roasted mushrooms as my side. The sides are either small or large, but given the size, the small was perfect for me. After the meat is cut, sides (and dessert or drinks) are chosen, you're off to sit at one of the large communal tables in the dining room or outside. As we sat, some got beer (served in mason jars!) and whiskey to accompany their meal. The brisket was seriously oh-my-God-freaking delicious. Tender, tasty, and I was tempted to order more. Others chimed in, and the pork belly and ribs were also clear favorites. We all got a mix of sides, and the mushrooms and baked beans won us all over. There were people to take your trays away because they know you're too full to even move. Nice.This place is perfect for large groups, and is a great addition to the area! I highly recommend this place. Be awesome, and take your carnivore friends here. You must come hungry (and thirsty!)
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/28/2013,311,132,12,19,18>You were wrong.All this time, you wholeheartedly believed that animals and animal products were imperative to crafting a high caliber, satisfying, and delectable meal. You thought sure, maybe there are a couple good vegan meal options at hipster-run quick spots or rare hole-in-the-wall gems, but please, leave the fancy stuff to the omnivores. It's not worth paying $30+ for a pile of leaves and roots, and it's unlikely a restaurant will ever exist to sway your opinion on this matter.You were wrong.Vedge does the impossible. They take the freshest plant-based ingredients and transform them into masterful creations, enhanced by complex sauces bursting with flavor. You'll forget that meat is completely absent from the menu, and even so, you won't miss it. The menu changes throughout the year, but pay attention to the Dirt List, which showcases the most popular produce of the season. Plates are small, but if you channel your inner fatty and savor every bite, you'll find yourself to be quite full at the end.The wait staff is very helpful and quick to offer recommendations. Definite winners: salt roasted gold beets, sweet potato pate, garbanzo crepe, maitake mushrooms, and brussel sprouts (this is superior to the crispy cauliflower, which I think may be overly praised). Finish the meal with the sticky toffee pudding and leave, satiated and content.Come in a group of exactly 4 to optimize the number of dishes sampled to amount of each received ratio.Vegetarians, this is your go-to fancy celebratory spot. Everyone else, come here for dinner at least once, and be back often for delicious happy hour bites (or to impress that vegan hipster bitty you're still trying to bag).
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2007,5/8/2007,30,393,10,7,4>My father is a strange guy. He chooses to see an Amish horse doctor instead of a chiropractor. He ingests lots of toxins, but believes in acupuncture. The man says caffeine gives him a headache, but takes Excedrin like Hunter S. took bluebirds.Nonetheless, the last time the old man swung through, his eyes widened when he saw this place, and we went inside. My dad starting buying things at random, and swears they helped. The staff was very friendly, and this place is so much cooler than GNC.Next time Pops is in town, I'm sure we'll be right back, buying more new things.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2007,5/7/2007,85,427,,4,4>Full Disclosure: the owner is best friends with my wife's uncle. And he's got a wicked sense of humor.We never would have found this place had it not been A) ridiclously close to Sue's Grandparents house and B) run by friends of family. But, if you happen to be in the area & looking for tasty, authentic Indian don't let the suburban strip mall location scare you off. Amans, named for the owner's daughter, is beyond great. It should be one of those dingy, out of the way places that only cabbies dare to venture in to. But it's not. it's upscale (but not break-your-wallet-expensive) and it's really clean! And you're in the suburbs, so there are no cabbies. But there is ridiculously good Indian food, so go.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,5/6/2007,77,425,2,2,2>Sweet sassy molassy. This place rocks. I knew as soon as I saw "Belgian Sugar Waffles" on the sign outside that I was going to love it. The waffles are seriously amazing -- hot and crispy on the outside, doughy on the inside. The sugar crystals are HUGE and so, so tasty. We got ours filled with dark chocolate, which was amazing, but I imagine that even a plain waffle would be fabulous -- they have a sort of cinnamon-y taste, and are just plain all-around incredible. Free wi-fi and good beverages round out the experience. They actually have a drink called "milk and honey," which tastes exactly as comforting as it sounds.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2007,5/5/2007,106,76,,4,3>So it's the dead of winter.  I've just tuckered out my amiable companion, trucking him up and down every aisle of the Reading Market.  Twice.  It's cold as fuck and starting to flurry, and the fact that we'd been forced to pay for garage parking is weighing on our collective conscience ... Every indication that we should bundle up and head home.  But he says, wait, I heard that a great gelato place has opened up a new location downtown; wanna go get a cone?Wait.  Wha?But oh, in spite of the 28-degree weather and the unkind winds, the gelatos & sorbettos were very much worth it!  Favorites:*  Quince Sorbetto:  pretty pale pink with a whiff of sweetness, a whiff of tartness.  (Quince paste is treacle, but this is quince in top form.)*  Mexican Chocolate Gelato:  rich-mouthy cinnamon chocolate with the occasional kick of chili pepper seeds*  Cream Cheese with Dates Gelato:  creamy tartness studded with caramelly, capricious date surprise.  (Oh oh, more dates, please ...)food: 5value:  5service:  3.5craveability:  5
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,5/4/2007,44,128,4,3,5>Their ten dollar DVD bin is one of my favorite places in the world. It's also the only way I could justify buying "Center Stage" and "Showgirls". Aside from letting me indulge my guilty pleasures, TLA has a great selection of new releases, international films, and TV shows on DVD. The staff is always super nice, even when I'm buying things like "Center Stage" and "Showgirls".
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2007,5/3/2007,128,137,,6,3>Sang Kee and Shiao Lan Kung are the only two places I've ever had recommended to me with confidence by a girl with two culinary degrees (who also lived in China for a year).  I'm glad to report that I'm still friends with this girl!I'm so glad to find another super yummy place to eat in Chinatown! At first, the place gives off the air of a cafeteria.  The decorations are sparse, but the food makes up for it. The place seems tiny,  but there's an upstairs with plenty of tables (and the obligatory television).  The food is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you receive. The food was delicious.  They are best known for their noodle dishes, so I ordered the roasted duck wonton noodle soup. These were seriously the best wontons I've ever had.  They were light and had wonderful flavor.  And at only $6, the soup is the perfect amount for three people to share.  Also, the soup is the perfect timing device, so you don't feel like you're waiting a long time for your food... I didn't notice any wait, at all. I probably wouldn't bother to order their pan fried noodles, again.  They weren't as fried as I would have liked, and the veggies seemed a little over-done.  But I might kill to have  their duck with garlic plum sauce, again (ok, maybe not kill, but I might heavily maim).  But, remember,  Yelpers, unless otherwise stated, duck contains lots of little bones!  Always have, always will. It's just something you have to deal with to eat something so delicious.The servers were attentive.  The food came out in a timely manner.  Our server warned us that the bean curd skin roll would take 15 minutes, but it didn't take nearly that long.   But even if it had, he warned us...Downside: It's cash only! So, if you roll like my friends and I do, and order waaaaaaay more than you can eat, don't forget to stop at the ATM first!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,5/2/2007,6,8,1,2,2>This place is tucked between a dry cleaner and an apartment building and is hard to notice when you are walking by as it looks kind of dark all the time, BUT it has truly fresh and imaginative sushi. I love the sashimi salad. A little story: the first time my boyfriend and I went to this restaurant we got the sashimi salad and we were surprised by how sweet, spicy and complex the red salad dressing was. My boyfriend dropped a bit of it on the table and without thinking he scooped it up on his finger and licked it off so as not to waste any of the dressing. Then we realized that the germophobe had just eaten something off of the table. It was that good.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2007,5/1/2007,2946,2194,1,4,3>All of our dishes at Savona had an emphasis on presentation. Their staff has an eye for detail. For starters, the complimentary l'amuse bouche (see photos) was a dumpling filled with seafood - it was a promising start to the meal.Our appetizers were also promising. The foie gras was a treat, and a little tougher than I'm used to. (Tough isn't a word I often associate with foie gras, but whatever.) The bouillabaisse was herby and delicious.Our entrees were well-prepared but didn't taste as good as they looked. The Berkshire pork and the halibut were both fine but lacking "oompf" (plain flavor). The pork had great pickles on the side and the halibut had earl grey tea (never seen this before) poured into the bowl as it was delivered to us. Don't get me wrong; their menu is creative and I recommend their tasting menu for the adventurous.Complimentary profiteroles helped close the meal. For dessert, we also ordered the sweet tropical cobbler (vanilla gelato, cinnamon crust, spiced tropical fruit).Service (Adrian, Huey, and others) was wonderful (as-expected for a restaurant of its caliber). The staff paid attention to us and even gave us a tour after the meal (appreciated)!I've been meaning to try out Savona for quite some time. I'm not sure when I would go back (not anytime soon due to the high prices), but I would recommend anyone try it for a special occasion... Mother's Day is coming up!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,4/29/2007,27,68,3,3,3>It was my first visit to Philadelphia as well as to Cuba Libre. Boy, am I glad that I randomly found this place. This place in every aspect, imply put, is amazing.I had a fire/ice ceviche for my appetizer, and it comes in a coconut shell on a plate full of dry ice. So when the server comes out with the dish, it makes all the heads in the restaurant turn and stare. It tastes fresh and delicious. Just the fact that I had such a dish was an experience within itself. I also had a juice sampler, which I found very interesting. I didn't necessarily like all the juices I got the try, but that's why I got the sample to get the taste of different exotic fruit juices.I had a salmon for my entree and I literally licked the plate. It was packed with wonderful flavors and portion was just right. Their cuban coffee is wonderful with their tasty dessert. From beginning to the end, I couldn't stop talking about how wonderful it was that I found this place and try their food and experience their service.Go Go GO to this place if you're in the area. If you go there for dinner, perhaps you can pay "Blue Martini" a visit right next door, which is a wonderful, vibrant place where you can get your martini needs fixed.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,4/28/2007,14,23,,2,2>I can't say enough good things about this place.  Great food - the Cajun Catfish Fingers & Pot Stickers are amazing.  From burgers to entrees, the food is all great and reasonably priced.  However, I will say, as someone who has been on many first dates here, don't order the pasta in the pesto sauce!  You'll be worrying about pesto in your teeth for the whole meal!  It has a nice bar area albeit limited seating and a free parking lot is in the back.   It's a great place to go in the summertime because they have outdoor seating on their wraparound porch.  It's the perfect place to people watch in Chestnut Hill.  There are no reservations, so be prepared for about a 30-40min wait during the summer or on the weekends.  Whatever you do, you must try the Tollhouse Pie!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/19/2012,203,296,4,7,4>I am a salon snob, so believe me when I say this place is fantastic and you should absolutely come here.In a past life (aka college) I was a salon coordinator, so I have certain (extremely high) expectations for atmosphere, professionalism, and quality of service.  I'm also wary of trying new places - while I'm hair-adventurous with a stylist I know and trust, I hate the risk of a new place or a new stylist because you just never know what you're going to get.  But flying back to Chicago every few months for a cut & color was becoming financially inconvenient, so I was on the hunt for a shining star here in Philly.One of my co-workers always has fantastic hair so I asked her for a recommendation.  She sees Laurentius himself but he's out of my price range (he's so expensive that my friend was too embarrassed to admit how much she pays!), so I called the salon and just asked for whoever was available on the day and time I needed.  Scott gave me a great haircut and was super fun to chat with.  He's really mellow but also very precise with his work - you can tell he truly cares about every single cut he does.  A few weeks later, he trimmed my bangs free of charge and actually cut into the style a little more so I was happier with how it was laying - he went way beyond the typical quick bang trim.Fast forward another few weeks and I decided it was time for some professional color - as snobby as I am and as embarrassed as I am to admit it, I was box-dying, and last month I was in a hurry and grabbed a color that was a few shades darker than I like, so once enough of it had washed out, it was time to have a professional coax it back to where I like it.Rachel did my color, and it turned out wonderfully.  She lightened it a little first to lift some more of the darkness, then turned me into the prettiest redhead you've ever seen.  She upsold me on some kind of rinse that nourishes and helps with tangles (my wet hair is like a jungle) but it was totally worth it.  AND she cuts too - so I splurged.  I love the way she cut my bangs (with a razor) - very edgy and cute - and she got rid of all the split ends that were bugging me.  It's been three days so far and I've received compliments every single day.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,8/18/2012,169,704,,7,8>I was torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars.  Allow me to explain.  I decided I had to try this place after sampling their wares at the Yelp Backstage Party.  So I stopped in over a week ago with a friend for dinner and sat at their tiny bar.  So, I gave the chicken and waffle dish a shot.  Yes, it is small.  It is tasty with that bacon infused syrup.  The chicken was not quite what I expected.  But it did fine.  The meatball pizza was quite good as well.  The meatballs could have used some more flavor to me, but my grandmother spoiled me when it comes to meatballs so perhaps that's an unfair comparison.  I do love their tomato bisque.  The simplicity of it makes it better to me.  That's what I loved at the Yelp event and it did not fail.  Call it 3 1/2 stars for the food which I considered slightly pricey for what you get, but they win the 4th because the staff was great to talk to and I like the location.  You won't go wrong here.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,8/17/2012,1014,321,3,8,7>Not only was the special sandwich -- smoked salmon with Brussels sprout-apple slaw and goat cheese on rye toast -- incredibly creative and delicious, the service was exceptional.  Our waitress (long mermaid red hair) was so kind, and we were there right before they closed at 2pm. A really great deal, as well. A sandwich, a huge side of fries, and three soft drinks was $15. We were too late for the breakfast menu, but my sister visits here often for the exotic fresh-fruit pancakes. Definitely a classic diner/lunch counter and a great bet for a suburban bite.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,8/16/2012,44,100,1,9,5>First time inker. Loved the experience at No Ka Oi Tiki Tattoo. When I imagined getting a tattoo, I was thinking I would end up at a grundgy run down hole in the wall with an overweight Brutus digging ink into my arm. Maybe stereotypical but No Ka Oi Tiki (NKOT) is exactly the opposite. It is clean, bright, and fresh and helpful faces to greet you and walk you through the experience.  The parlor is decorated like a Tiki bar and on a hot summer day gave us an island feel. We went in for a consultation with Tina. Being hesitant first timers, we had lots of questions and my friend wanted to draw his own. She was extremely helpful and told us what worked and what didn't. For rooks, that is important so you don't end up with something that looks ridiculous. Our consultation ended up getting it done because we felt comfortable with our design and artist Tina, and the price wasn't excessive. Mine was $50, which is the shop minimum, my friend's was $75 because it was a little more complicated.And best of all, it didn't hurt. Tina explained what she was doing when she was doing and why so didn't have that curiosity of WTF is going on. Also an important note is that and think it needs to be touched up, they said they would do it for you.  Not ready for a 2nd yet but overall good experience on my first tat.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,8/15/2012,110,202,9,4,4>My friends & I were the annoying last table lingering on Sunday night.  Despite this fact, our server was cheerful and friendly. I started out with the grilled calamari, split with a friend.  I wish I had the whole thing to myself. It was a very small portion of the most tender squid I've ever had - not even remotely rubbery or chewy. It was served on a bed of eggplant marmalade and green beans - I was not a fan of this. I then had the ravioli with pumpkin and marscapone.  It was delicious, but I was jealous of my friend's paperadelle with mushrooms. For dessert I had the vanilla panna cotta with fresh berries.  It was quite tasty, but again I experienced food envy when I tasted my friend's tiramisu.Oh and on this particular night, we were treated to dinner AND a show! A chick in her 20's was being publicly groped by her MUCH older boyfriend (? or husband). I'm talking nursing home aged. This grandpa-lookin' dude was all over his young prize. People watching at it's finest!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,8/14/2012,134,241,1,4,3>I'm impressed!  We arrived at 6:30 on a gorgeous Friday night, and were seated immediately at a small booth near the bar.  The space is comfortable and really does look like it came straight out of the Brady Bunch.  Nice vibe.  Service was spot-on and friendly.  Prices were pretty reasonable ... I was a little surprised by the cocktail prices which seemed high, but these are not your average cocktails, and I do think they carry their price tag.  The Kentucky Speedbump is maybe my new favorite cocktail in the city.The food is all you think it will be and more.  We skipped appetizers, instead settling for the nicely warmed fresh rolls and butter brought to the table.  They were fine, but not terribly interesting.  He opted for the Thanksgiving Dinner and I went for the coveted Fried Chicken and Waffle.  Every aspect of his Thanksgiving meal, down to the beautifully prepared cranberries, was excellent, and really felt like a homemade Thanksgiving feast.  No small portions here.  The Chicken and Waffles were also a success, though I did find the chicken and gravy a bit over-salted.  Not enough to stop me, mind you ... just a bit more brackish than I like.  The waffle is nicely sized for the portion and the whole dish just works.  The excellent cocktail menu is rounded out by some good wines and beer.  No reservations are accepted, but from the looks of it, there would be little need for them.  We'll be back, for sure.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,8/13/2012,59,547,5,8,7>The Kensington happy meal is the Best special ever: 2 hotdogs, a bag of chips, a pounder PBR, and a toy. $5. The El Bar also has a pool table, pinball, live music, TV, citywide special, crazy bartenders, pac man, lots of bike parking, an outdoor space, allows outside food and is dog friendly.  That's quite a list of amenities.  Now, as long as you're a hipster, which is the only requirement, ch-ch-check it out!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/12/2012,193,367,,8,5>Five years ago, I was high above Tokyo on the last floor of the Yodobashi department store in Akihabara at a small kaitenzushi (conveyor belt sushi) restaurant.  My friends and I frequented this place during our time in Japan.  The atmosphere inside this little restaurant was tense as the colored plates floated by us on the belt.  The salarymen finished their sushi quickly and us gaijin (foreigners) were literally stuck screaming our orders at the chefs.  Flash forward five years, though, and I find myself over 6,000 miles away from the Land of the Rising Sun, dining at Pod.  The conveyor belt is still there, but the mood is more relaxed and there's no longer the need to scream at the wait staff.Pod was a wonderful trip down memory lane for me and I was excited to relive those days, even if it was just for an hour and a half.  We started by immediately grabbing two plates of sushi off of the belt and ordering drinks (sake and a delicious Jack Daniel's cocktail made with cranberry juice, raspberries, and mint).   It wasn't long before our appetizers came out.  The peppers with bonito flakes had an addictive spicy crunch to them and I thought that they were a refreshing alternative to traditional edamame.  The mushroom and sweet pea dumplings immediately hit the spot and I think we finished our dish in record time.  We moved on to the shiro-aoi roll with white tuna and jalapenos.  We also snagged the toro nigiri.  Both of those dishes were nothing short of amazing.   The meal ended with 4 sweet flavors of sorbet.A lot of the reviews here seem to compare Pod to Morimoto.  While it irks me a bit to talk about another restaurant in my review, I enjoyed my time at Pod much more than Morimoto.  I felt like we got more food here for the same price and it was more inventive (especially the sushi).  I left Pod feeling genuinely satisfied, whereas I left the other place feeling slightly ripped-off. Overall, I think Pod gave us a fantastic meal and it left me feeling nostalgic.  I see myself coming back here for more of those peppers with bonito flakes.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,8/11/2012,92,160,4,9,5>Remember in Gladiator when Maximus would teater the line between life and death and would be walking through the fields of Elysium? I too have had these moments but instead of life and death the line I walked was between sober and drunk and instead of Elysium I would be walking through a giant sports bar completely dedicated to Philadelphia teams. So when I arrived at Xfinity Live Saturday for the Flyers Phillies back to back there was something eerily familiar about this place that I had only seen in my subconcious. I called on Thursday to reserve a booth which was a huge move as the place was pretty packed. To reserve a booth you have to spend $240 which I did not see being a problem considering the amount of time we would be staying there. The booth was in the dead center of the NBC Sports Arena and to be completely honest, it is a very close second to actually being at the game.It's extremely loud, complete with a regulation sounding goal horn, and the Flyers after goal song. I actually lost my voice from yelling the entire game. The only thing that I found weird was that they don't have beer menus and they don't offer pitchers or beer towers. Besides that it was all good, the food was decent and they had Hop Devil on tap.It's not cheap and we definitely surpassed the $240 minimum but everyone had such a good time it was more than worth it.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of Sunday afternoons in this place too.Thank God for Ed Snider.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,8/10/2012,260,310,,6,5>Simple. Good. Ramen. I have been waiting for a ramen place in Philadelphia for the longest time. For the longest time, I had to trek to New York or LA for ramen (or depend on the mini ramen at Yakitori Boy). The broth is rich and developed, the noodles are good but lack a bit of the springiness I love in ramen noodles. It definitely hits the spot for the average ramen lover out there, perhaps not the best I've ever had, but good nonetheless.Nom Nom certainly holds its own against NYC ramen places. And as a plus, no need to wait in hour long lines and pay through the nose for ramen!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,10/19/2012,240,202,8,14,12>I've been saving my 100th review for something special. And, when I was lucky enough to get a chance to try Federal Donuts' Center City location and try not one, not two, but FOUR of their donuts.... well, the stars aligned.  First in line (a line of five) at 7am this morning, I was welcomed into the well-lit, spacious, and incredibly clean Sansom Street location by an open door and a grinning staff. My heart swelled and it hit me.Ever see that flick, Wicker Park? The one where some girl dates Josh Hartnett, then she leaves him, and then some other crazy girl is obsessed with him or something. I clearly was only watching to ogle Mr. Hartnett, but I do remember the one quote from the end of the trailer.Love makes you do crazy things, insane things... can't help it.Crazy, for me, is waking up at 6:15 to walk in the chilly morning air for some donuts.  Though it's a little less crazy when the donuts are free... We were offered our choice of four of their donuts. This was absolutely not an easy choice for me, considering they had 6 fancies (flavors: maple bacon, mint chocolate, lemon bar, butter pecan, spicy PB&J, green tea sesame) and 3 "hots" that were made fresh (flavors of hots included strawberry fennel, vanilla spice, and Turkish mocha).I went with Maple Bacon and Strawberry fennel (morning donuts) and Spicy PB&J and Green Tea Sesame (dessert donuts for later that night). The strawberry fennel.... I can't even.  I firmly believe that there is fairy dust in that sparkly pink sugar. The maple bacon wasn't incredibly bacon-y, which was actually a pleasant surprise compared to many faux-bacon flavored goodies I've tried lately.  It tasted like a savory salty creaminess, one which I've never experienced before.  I didn't taste as much of the maple, but it was still delicious. For after-dinner desserts, we split the green tea sesame (the blast of crumbly sesame candy may have been the Cinderella story of this experience, a pleasant crunchy surprise to go along with the tongue-confusing green tea sweetness) and the spicy PB&J (my favorite of the fancies. The "spiciness" is a dull kick at the end. Fabulous, compared with peanut butter glaze.)I've already got a date to go back for the chicken.... until then, the donuts will keep me waking up stupid-early to try each and every flavor.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/18/2012,181,207,,13,10>I had the most amazing salad here! Let me tell you about it because you must order the extraordinary concoction of the CRAB, AVOCADO, and BACON salad. Yeah, you read that right. Those three ingredients are meshed with some grapefruit for a little zing, the necessary mixed greens, and a savory chipotle dressing. The bacon was crunchy, the crab was plentiful, and the avocado was perfect. I expected to come to this restaurant for guacamole, tacos, or even a burrito. Nope, this salad caught my eye, and I am so glad that I ordered it. Well worth the $12. I'm thinking that the next time I'm there, I'll just have to order two!However, my real reason in coming to El Rey was for the margaritas. I've tried the classic and the mango before, so I tried the tamarind. It had a nice sour kick. I don't fancy salt on the rim, or anything too sweet so this flavor fit the bill. Service was pretty attentive and friendly. At 10pm on a Saturday night, most of the dinner crowd was just finishing up, and most tables were there for apps and drinks.I'm a fan of this place, and hope to make it to happy hour very soon! $1 tacos and $4 margaritas between 5-6:30 PM. Yes, please!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,10/17/2012,393,748,3,7,6>I've taken many train lines in my day and PATCO is really and truly up there with the best.  It's a nice change to take a "speed line" that actually moves fast.  You'd be surprised how many trains, subways, rails, and the like out there claim to be speed lines and instead run so inefficiently that one would be better off using a bus.With PATCO, I don't really need to look at a schedule.  I know that I can arrive at my designated station during peak times/rush hours and if I see I just missed a train, that another train will be there in about 5 minutes.  Even better, when PATCO anticipates delays (track work, medical emergencies, etc.), they make regular, clear announcements at each station indicating what the problem is, and when it will likely be fixed, and how much of a delay there will be.  It isn't always foolproof, of course; sometimes a "10-15 minute delay" can really be more like 20-25, but they really do the best they can to be accurate.  PATCO has made a lot of positive changes both to their trains and the stations and continue to make improvements.  As with any train line, some stations are cleaner than others, some have more parking, some are more secure, but generally you will see PATCO employees and security at each station, and they actually know what they are doing and will help you.A PATCO oddity that out-of-area folks sometimes do not realize is that you have to swipe your ticket (or your Freedom card or PATCO Anywhere card)  both when you go in and as you go out.  You'd be surprised how many people forget this or don't know this and are confused when they try to exit and cannot.  If you lose your ticket or card during your ride, there are phones you could use to call for help once you get to your station and get let out.A new addition to PATCO trains is the Quiet Car, which is typically the last car of each train and is in effect 24 hours a day Mondays through Fridays.  I now try to use the Quiet Car each time I ride because it really does make my commute more peaceful.  Be forewarned though:  some people either don't care or don't read (or both?) and talk away in the Quiet Car.  More often than not, though, these people are told to stop - and most actually listen!I'm thrilled PATCO exists.  The thought of driving in to Philadelphia each day and paying for parking is just scary.  I'm glad that I have a much better option as a commuter.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,10/16/2012,150,257,5,7,9>We stopped in here tonight for drinks after dinner and had a great time!  (Tonight just  happened to be their opening night)  Our group of five sat at the bar which was perfect for bugging the bartenders about the different taps they have, drinks they're mixing, and pretty much anything that struck our fancy.  The bartender was a great sport and answered all of our questions with a smile.  He even restarted and turned up a song that we were loving.  They had a bunch of beers on tap and a decent wine list, even though they were out of a few wines. The menu looked incredible and if I hadn't already eaten dinner, I would've been more than happy to eat here.  I'm really looking forward to coming back here for food and I know I'll be here for drinks again.  This place is definitely a good addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/15/2012,268,273,1,8,6>Hip City Veg has been on my list since I heard about them at this year's Vegan Fest at Weaver's Way. HCV's website contains little more than a logo which left me even more intrigued. When were they coming and what was going to be on the menu? Were we talking all vegetarian or all plant-based/vegan? My questions were answered when I finally got the chance to check it out for an early dinner this past Saturday.At around 5pm on Saturday, after doing the city parking dance for around an hour and landing on South Street, we were in the front of the line at Hip City Veg, during one of the few lulls the new storefront has probably experienced since opening this past week. The cashier let me know that everything was indeed plant-based, which is wonderful, given the barren options for vegans in the Rittenhouse area of the city. My husband and I ordered the ziggy burger and the udon noodle salad to split, and I ordered the green lemonade.Sweetened with agave, ice cold and with just the right level of tartness, the green lemonade was perfect to tide me over as we waited for our meal. I don't normally drink anything but water, however, this lemonade is made with agave, so there's no sticky coating of sugar left in your mouth and no blood sugar spike. A few minutes after we sat down, our order was ready. The ziggy burger was wonderful, tasty tempeh bacon strips, a nice, if prefab, veggie patty, loads of pickles and special sauce on a soft homemade whole wheat onion bun. It was delightful and my only complaint is that I had to split it with my husband. I could have easily eaten the entire thing. The Asian udon noodle salad was good, but there was too much oily dressing on top and not enough peanuts to balance out the peppery arugala.If you google "hip city veg", you'll be able to find the menu online, it's just not on the official website. It's a little annoying that they don't put their menu up online, but given the number of people streaming in and out of the restaurant as we ate, and the amount of activity going on behind the counter, they're probably too swamped to worry about a web presence. Also, word to the wise, if you order that delicious lemonade, you'll have to find a bathroom elsewhere in Rittenhouse Square; they are not zoned for a bathroom. Lastly, I'm incredibly happy to see another new business embracing compostable to-go containers! I'm already plotting my next trip here.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,10/14/2012,92,189,3,9,5>I can't believe there aren't more reviews for the Painted Teacup, but I'm almost afraid to write one, since it's already pretty difficult to get a reservation here. This is really a dining experience unlike any other. I've gone a couple times for high tea, and I've learned the following: DO NOT EAT BEFORE COMING HERE. The sandwiches, breads, and cakes they serve are very small (bite-size, even), but they give you SO MUCH that you will leave full. There's no menu--it's just whatever they serve you--but there's so much good food that you won't even miss choosing what to eat. Not to mention all the tea you'll drink--they have an impressive, unique tea list that is many pages long, but if you're feeling overwhelmed by the choices, the staff is happy to recommend something depending on what you're in the mood for. Tea is served inside an old house that is nicely decorated and really transports you back in time to when women had nothing better to do but sit around, eat, drink tea, and gossip. Therefore, it's a great place to go with groups and with people you haven't caught up with in years. The whole service takes a couple hours, and they seem to encourage you staying and chatting. Everything is cooked right on the premises, and it's all delicious. It's a little pricey, but obviously, this isn't something you're going to do everyday. This is definitely one of my favorite places for mother/daughter, group (mostly girls), or girlfriend catch-ups. Love it!!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,10/13/2012,996,928,8,15,6>Unbeknownst to most people, there are actually two parks at Six Flags Great Adventure.The first park is a terrible mess. The lines are excruciatingly long and limited cover is provided from the scorching sun. You will ride two rides from your arrival time until lunch. You will hate yourself.The second park is a magical wonderland of some of the best rollercoasters I've ever been on. You will ride those rollercoasters until the medulla of your adrenal gland bursts through your chest, grabs your face with its strange tentacles that it grew just now, and says "Gimme a break buddy!"How can you assure yourself of attending the second park and not the first one? Get the Gold Flashpass. This was my first time using a line-skipping device. I purchased it after making myself insane while waiting for The Green Lantern. I liked it. It was a little electronic dongle that you carry around and use it to hold your place in line while you do other things. Anyone with rudimentary knowledge of how to use electronics should feel very comfortable with this device.A rundown of the rides:Kingda Ka - Awesome, but very short.El Toro - Awesome and you definitely feel like you will die on this ride. The rocking of the wood sounds a lot like an elongated death rattle. Don't go on this if your neck is weak.Nitro - So Awesome. This ride has an epic scale to it that is unmatched in any rollercoaster that I can think of right now.Bizarro - Pretty damn good.The Green Lantern - Pretty Good.Rolling Thunder - Good but your neck will take a beating.Log flume - OKRapids - OKThe Dark Knight- Terrible. You should avoid this ride. It is an uninspired carnival "ghost house" style rollercoaster that is just an embarrassment.A note about cost:You'd have to be a complete idiot not to get 20 dollars off your general admission when you go here. They offer web specials, Pepsi can coupons, and discounts from Wendy's. After you use your general admission, it should come to about 45 dollars per person. For two people, the flash pass is $124. This tacks on an extra 62 dollars per person for admission. Grand total of bringing 2 people to Six Flags Great Adventure with the Gold Flash Pass= $108 per person.Yes. This is expensive but quite honestly, there is no other way to enjoy this place if you go on a busy summer weekend(unless you're part of a summer camp and you're waiting in line with a dozen of your friends and part of the fun of the park is annoying the crap out of everyone around you when you are in line). During the off-season, the Flash Pass is probably pointless.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,10/12/2012,75,34,2,7,4>I was suckered into going to Chutney Company by my vegetarian employees. The dosas aren't the same as some of the traditional style I have have in CT and NY but the ingredients and taste are great. I will never, ever, order fake meat. It's a fact. You can still do pretty well with what they offer as a meat eater. They just added a Tandoori chicken wrap which is they best entree they have.All of my stars are really for the home made samosas and Gobi Manchurian (think general tso's chicken, but cauliflower). That is usually my whole order. Both appetizers under 10 bucks.On top of everything they also take level up which is my new favorite payment method.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/11/2012,143,157,2,12,8>I am no novice to body art; I have 12 piercings and 2 tats to date. That said, most of them are covered up by clothing. Tattoo/piercing joints tend to throw a bit of an attitude to those of us who like our body art hidden. Infinite is blissfully void of any nasty vibes. The staff there are so kind and courteous. They don't scoff or roll their eyes if you have inquiries. The shop is extremely clean and professional. My piercer, Kellan, put me at total ease for both my clavicle dermal anchors. He explained every step in detail and gave me a thorough consultation to ensure that the piercings were right for my body. He was so quick with his work and I hardly felt a thing. I have seen him do nipple piercings and a helix and he is really dexterous and skilled. I am so happy with my dermals and get tons of compliments on them.The quality of jewelry and instruments at Infinite is the best you can get. They have a dazzling array of plugs in some of the most beautiful materials I have ever seen. They also have tons of standard barbells, nose rings, belly rings, etc. I lived in NYC prior to Philly and no Manhattan shop can even touch the excellence that is Infinite.I want to address some of the negative feedback that Yelpers have given Infinite. Bear in mind that the staff changes i.e. snooty counter people may not be there 2 years after a negative review. Each time I have visited, the men and women behind the counter at Infinite have been courteous, polite, and engaging. Also, it doesn't hurt to do your homework before you come into the store. You don't need to be an expert in piercing, but knowing the right terminology and lingo helps the staff understand what you want. I have heard people complain that they were snapped at for touching a piercing when talking about it with the staff- WELL, YEAH! Piercing shops have to maintain ultra-cleanliness and it's not "weird" for them to tell you not to spread bacteria. Rest assured, none of us want your germs. Being spoken to rudely is never okay, but I for one have never received anything less than good vibes from the folks at Infinite. I felt the need to add this blurb to my review because I have never seen a piercing/tattoo parlor with Infinite's level of polish and professionalism.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/10/2012,98,177,2,6,5>It was a beautiful Saturday morning around noon and brunch was the decision, but where?  When we strolled by Farmicia yesterday morning, I couldn't help but wonder if their food had improved since I bought an overpriced underwhelming sandwich 4 years prior.  We decided to give it a try.During brunch they offer half-priced cocktails.  I ordered the Espresso Martini.  It only filled half my martini glass but it was pretty good.  As I read through the menu I thought the prices were a little high but found an omelet that really caught my eye - chroizo, jalapeno, swiss with potatoes and bread.  My wife ordered the Eggs Benedict, one of her favorites.Breakfast came and I was pleasantly surprised my 13$ omelet wasn't an art project.  I almost ordered Sriracha but decided to try my breakfast without it.  I'm so glad I did.  The omelet was not only absolutely Delicious but the meal was perfectly filling.  My wife downed her Benedict before I could even ask her if she liked it, so I'm pretty sure she approved.  For brunch, this place is definitely a winner.  Just be prepared to spend a bit.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,6/7/2007,370,524,,4,2>The longest bar in the City!  For as crazy busy as the Happy Hours are, the Friday and Saturday late night crowds are really relaxed and there's always a place to sit.  This is the perfect place on a Saturday night after a show at the Troc if you don't want to go to Chinatown or a Dive bar.   I've been walking over after shows at the Electric Factory lately and it's THE place to unwind after standing up for 3 hours.  IBP has all kinds of sports packages so it's a great place to go to watch that out of town football or baseball game.  The upstairs bar has pool tables and a separate jukebox.edit:  RIP IBP
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2007,6/6/2007,12,30,5,7,3>1. I'm a vegan and this place sells AWESOME tomato pie.  No, tomato pie is not just pizza without cheese on it.  Pizza without cheese on it is what we vegans eat when we agree to go to some pizza place with you non-vegans because we like you, and we're nice, but we don't really want your food all the time, even if your a laxidasical vegan like me.  No, tomato pie is a pizza with fresh tomatos, spices, and other such things on it.  In the case of Allegros it is also sicillian.  Definitely try it.2. My wife has told me that their wraps and hoagies are really good too.  She also loves their cheese fries, and I've been told that their regular non-vegan pizzas are pretty good too.  OK, fine, I've eaten their cheese pizza once or twice.  It is good.  I'll admit it.  What?  I'm mostly-vegan, but I'm still human.3. They deliver, and do so pretty quickly.  You can also pay with a credit or debit card over the phone which is really useful if you don't have tons of cash on you and want a good bite to eat.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2007,6/5/2007,41,143,1,3,2>Everything here is sexy.  The giggling hostesses are sexy.  The decor is sexy.  The waitress, who set down my appetizer and whispered my order so close to my ear that I could feel her breath, is very sexy.  The food was equally sexy.  My warm octopus salad with pomegranate sauce (I remember because this is what the waitress recited to me) was, yes, warm, and the sweet sauce was just enough to balance the inherent dryness of octopus.  The striped bass I ordered was served with popcorn.  I became confused.  I tried the dish.  The popcorn flavor meshed too well with the other flavors.  I became delighted.  A strong Riesling complemented everything nicely.Most restaurants tend to either focus on food quality or presentation.  The Striped Bass happens to be among the few restaurants that prepares well-made dishes and manages to present them in refreshingly creative ways.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,6/4/2007,26,67,6,3,3>This place is an institution.   You know you've made it as a West Philadelphian when you've meet your future plumber, roofer, and priest at the bar of a humble West Philly Ethiopian restaurant.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,6/3/2007,39,133,,9,2>Looking to make muscles for dinner, I ventured out to the Italian Market to get my supplies. Strolling up and down South 9th Street, I was dissatisfied with the fishmongers, and there selection. Thankfully, I walked past Darigo's. Immediately, I noticed the level of care they took in food preservation and sanitation. Where many places just laid fish in ice, Darigo's carefully arranged the fish between plastic wrap, which they packed ice on. The monger was very friendly, and attentive as he helped me selected good scallops, muscles, flounder, and squid. They offered to fillet fresh fish for me, but I was happy with the selection in sight. Great place for seafood. Knowledgeable staff, and fantastic selection.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2007,6/2/2007,19,189,2,,2>I've been coming to Vietnam Restaurant for years, since long before it morphed into a slick upscale eatery. Back in the day, it was just another hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant.To tell the truth, I kind of miss the hole in the wall place. I really miss the hole in the wall prices. But one thing that has remained constant over the years is the fried spring rolls. They are the best in the world.Seriously, I've been all over the country and I've spent a considerable amount of time in Vietnam and I feel confident that Vietnam Restaurant's spring rolls are the best. Not only that, but the vegetarian rolls are just as good as the meat filled ones.Outside of the spring rolls, the menu can be hit or miss. But who cares? (The writing in Playboy can a little over the top, but I'm not buying the magazine for the articles, now am I?) Just get an order of spring rolls and an order of bun with spring rolls on top and wash it down with a Tiger Beer. Then make a mental note to go running the next day.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,6/1/2007,327,308,10,6,7>If you want to bribe one of my friends to go to Philadelphia for any reason, this is her kryptonite. I think maybe she has a secret crush on the Iron Chef, but she won't admit it. Actually, she's a designer and just loves the layout of this place - especially the bathrooms (which I don't find all that impressive).I don't have extensive experience with the menu here, but I do have extensive experience with the drink menu. Lots of great cocktails and yummy champagne. You pretty much can't go wrong. The kumamoto oysters are insanely delicious. I always get a whole bunch of them (hence, the lack of experience with the menu here). And all the sushi I've ever had has been top-notch. My friends love the spicy king crab leg - which is good - just not my favorite. The coat check people tried giving me the wrong coat. I should've taken it - it was a really cool green Marc Jacobs raincoat. I'd look phenomenal in it, wouldn't I? Damn me and my honesty!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2007,5/31/2007,0,7,3,4,1>My hair was long, and now is gone, but I couldn't be happier! I only began growing it long in the first place due to being unable to find someone who understood the concept of a fun, piecey / choppy, short haircut. I lost track of the number of places I went, armed with photo-references even, begging to have a unique short cut. Everywhere I went, people raved about the pictures I would bring in, then presented me with what I've come to call The Generic Short Cut. So yes, I was weak, I gave up, I grew it out.Recently the desire to have short hair rekindled in my heart, and so I began to do research. My quest (thankfully) lead me to American Mortals! The salon environment is lovely laid back, no harsh lighting, nice product selection, decent music, friendly staff and a comfortable waiting area.While waiting, I listened in on other stylists talking with their clients, and liked the suggestions I was hearing, the real emphasis you get on feedback, talking people out of something that would look bad on them, etc. They WANT you to have a cut you'll love and it shows.Enter Shari, my new hair goddess. She looked at the pic I brought in, made some modification suggestions, then told me she was really excited about it. She got me excited about the experience and suddenly I realized for the first time in forever, I was having FUN at a salon. She got my feedback along the way and made sure to remind me I could come back and have changes made if I wasn't satisfied.I had a ton of hair chopped off and a serious amount of time and attention lavished upon strategic layering and texturing, all for $50. Normally I'd say that's a bit high for a haircut, but this wasn't just a trim: the girl put a lot of work into my hair. Besides, I've paid more than that in the past only to leave feeling like I needed to go buy a hat. I left American Mortals feeling like I had theme music and should be strutting down the street giving people high fives or something.Side note for those paying w/Credit Card -- bring some cash for the tip, as that is the only thing that can't be charged.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2007,5/30/2007,25,61,,4,3>I am giving a high rating on this one because no matter how many times we say we will never return we always do.  The line is ridiculous and the bouncers are on the "I'm important bc I'm a bouncer" kick.  Once inside drunk 20-somethings are shoulder to shoulder and I always skip the front bar and go straight to the back.  Getting drinks isnt difficult but your lucky is you can move 5 feet without it being knocked all over the place.  We know we will always run into someone from college here and that is part of the charm.  Once you have consumed enough $10 drinks, the music is alot of fun and the upstairs is a nice place to catch your breath.  My feelings are very mixed about this cheesy bar.  Something about it keeps us coming back and around 1:30am when we are screaming our heads off to Journey...all the cheese seems to fade away.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2006,5/29/2007,528,823,1,3,2>Ocean Harbor has amazing dim sum!  The last time I was in Philly, I was looking forward to going here.  Unfortunately, I got here too late and they weren't serving it anymore.  I'm def putting this place at the top of my list for the next time I'm in Philly!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,6/21/2010,58,124,10,15,13>As far as cheap, yummy food goes... Jean's is the best.Jean's serves as a hot spot for many college students and hungry people in the Center City area. Getting fairly busy around lunch time. So make sure to get there before the rush!As far as sandwiches go they use Boar's Head deli meats, which is the best. But I go for the breakfast sandwiches. I absolutely love them. Especially the sausage, egg, and cheese on a bagel. Making any morning (or even lunch) awesome!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,6/20/2010,71,126,5,2,5>NEW YEARS DAY 2010: 9AM: Wake up mildly hung over in need of some greasy treats to ease the pain. 9:08A: Call McDonald's on Greys Ferry to make sure that they are open before jumping into my car and driving there. 9:25A: Finally satisfied with my sausage mcmuffin and TWO hash browns (always say no to champagne punch)4:00P: My mothers annual new years open house. Lots of free food, booze and people watching (living in Philadelphia for almost 60 years, my mother has gathered quite the group of memorable acquaintances) 6:30P Fairly drunk again. Damn those little pink cans of Sofia do it to me every time. My friends finally start arriving to the party.8PM: Everyone is drunk. Our cleaning lady is hitting on my husband and our friends and all of the gay men at the party. It is truly a sight to be seen.10PM: Lyndsey (me) has a brilliant idea. "Is it Friday?" Let's go to 700! 10:05P: Six of us jump into a cab to NoLib from my residence in Rittenhouse. 10:12P: 700 Club is closed. :(10:13P: LETS GO BOWLING!  (this turns into a Grease 2 singalong down 2nd Street...We're gonna SC OR ORE tonight!)10:16P: North Bowl is no longer giving out lanes. AND their kitchen had a fire so they aren't serving food.10:20P Standard Tap's kitchen is closed. The thought of drinking more without having anything in my stomach is devastating, so we leave. 10:21P AHA! Remember that place we went for so and so's birthday? Isn't that close by?10:30P Finally have a plate of deviled eggs and a delicious winter ale in front of me: Oh Swift Half, you have saved my life. 11P: We get our meals: 2 steak sandwiches (meh), a pressed chicken curry sandwich (yum), and perogies (yum)! Our friend falls in love with one of the servers so we sit for an hour trying to write the best love note to give him when he comes by. Said friend xnays the plan and goes to talk to him like a real live person. They both do jiu jit su. But he has a girlfriend who looks just like her and has the same name! Anyway, Swift Half gave us good food, good beer, and lots of laughs to ring in the new year. We will definitely keep it in our little black book. xo
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,6/19/2010,18,37,,8,7>This past weekend buried Philly in snow. When I dug my car out of it, I found that I had a flat tire. Not so good. So I got on Yelp and found this place. Spoke with Glenn, who couldn't be a nicer guy. I was amazed at how accommodating they were, when I'm sure a Monday after a snowstorm brings in a ton of work. The team got to work on my car within minutes of me showing up. It got even better - they couldn't find any sort of real tire damage - may have just been pressure from the snowstorm or something - so they made sure all the tires had enough air in them and sent me on my way - free of charge. That's right - no diagnostic or anything, despite my protests. I am not easily impressed. These guys have blown me away. Anyone that needs work done to their car in the Fishtown area should give these guys a shot. I know I'll be going back.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,6/18/2010,126,708,104,111,106>As I sit here typing, overseeing the gallery I intern at, I'm tempted to quietly step outside, lock the door, and go around the corner to Sugarcube. This is a fantastic boutique - probably the best in Olde City, at least of all the ones I've been to and I've been to alot - me + shopping = a bad, bad habit I should try to quit. But it feels so GOOOOOOOOD! The store itself is very large and I love the overall feel of the interior: funky, upscale rustic, there is wood EVERYWHERE which lends a homey feel to the place. Even better, they offer both men's and women's fashions, although the women's section is larger for obvious reasons.Their selection is very clearly hand picked of the best of the best. Its hard NOT to find something I want, which makes it impossible to leave this store empty handed. Their dresses in particular are fantastic, and lately they've had more leather boots than any other store I've been to. The prices, though, are what prevents me from stocking my closet full of their goodies since they aren't as recessionista friendly as Lost + Found across the street. But then again, these designs are unique and fun and beautiful and you are sure to make a statement when you wear them. Maybe I can close the gallery a little early today...
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,6/17/2010,2055,3369,3,9,7>Ok, it's official.  We are now friends with the owner/baker Mai.  She also has an adorable 7 year old daughert and 1 other child.  They treat my daughter like family whenever we come in for sponge cakes and shrimp dumplings.And we never spend more than 5-6 dollars - ad you get so many treats for such a small sum.There are still only 2 tiny tables out front - and today there was a gaggle of elderly men chatting away and laughing over 60 cent cups of coffee.  This place is a gem.My little one ate her shrimp dumplings, a hot dog bun, a piece of cream-filled sponge cake and then colored in her coloring book while I watched the steady stream of customers come in and out to pick up cake orders, loafs of freshly baked bread and lots of fresh-cut mango bubble tea.  ($3.00)Don't miss a chance to support a terrific TRUE CHinatown neighborhood, family-run business.YUM!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,6/16/2010,84,54,11,33,24>Not bald and lovin' it. :)After frantically calling around town looking for a place open at a convenient hour on Sunday, I decided against going at my head with a pair of hedge clippers and finally found MOKO here on Yelp. As soon as I saw the girl with the spiky faux-hawk looking style walk in a few seconds ahead of me, I knew I was in the right place. (I was almost tempted to ask for that instead lol) She turned out to be my stylist, Rachel, who left me with a snazzy new hair cut after about an hour or so.I was a little worried at first, as I always am with a new salon. Because many people either don't know how to handle my hair, or try to convince me to get a ridiculously priced relaxer. Thanks, but no thanks. (This salon doesn't even do relaxers or anything that uses harsh chemicals, it's all organic just like the stuff I use at home!) But I was in good hands; Rachel actually took the time to look at my hair ahead of time and asked me about what I normally did to it, so she knew as soon as I got into the chair that we needed to go for the flat iron first. Dried ends gone. Now running my fingers through my hair feels like ':D' instead of  'B|'.My favorite thing about the salon: hands down, the atmosphere. It's clean, neat, and organized without being snooty like certain other Center City Salons-everyone is super friendly, (even the girl at the front desk) and maintains the "earthy" vibe without being overly hippie-ish. And I even got a 10% off card for my next visit!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,6/15/2010,39,253,7,8,7>I spent a wonderful Valentine's Day touring the Eastern State Penitentiary. There isn't a whole lot I can review beyond the great review by Meg C. but I will add my experience of the Winter Tour. Yes, it was absolutely freezing but if you bundle up and expect it (hat and mittens too!) you will truly enjoy the quiet and serene experience of the Penitentiary in the winter months. We arrived without reservations around 2:15pm (during a two for one special they were having) and were told we were the 4th couple in line on the waiting list for the 2:30pm tour. As we didn't have any other plans, we put ourselves on the 2:30pm and the 3:00pm tour lists and were easily included in the 2:30pm tour. Our tour guide, her name escapes me, was OK. She knew what she was talking about but lacked extra knowledge, beyond the information printed on signs around the place, that would have been interesting. Had the tour guide been a little better I wouldn't have considered returning in the summer months for the audio tour, although that might have been a purposeful plan as I am now eager to return for the Steve Buscemi experience. On the flip side, being able to snuggle up to my man in the cold weather without a set of headphones on and enjoy the experience together made this visit a more special occasion. I would definitely recommend visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary in the winter months particularly if you top it off with a hot chocolate from Mugshots across the street after!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,6/14/2010,84,198,6,5,6>Just when I was straying on my old beloved Honey's w/ the new pretty girl on the block -Cafe Estelle. Then Honey's run a Key Lime pie special and my narrow ass comes running back. And Honey's knows how to make a Key Lime pie: it is light, sweet and delicious w/ a perfect graham cracker crust. Plus the beef brisket tacos were pretty damn good too. Although if someone burns one of my pancakes and overfries my latke again he is gonna get cut.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,6/13/2010,88,127,4,7,6>The huge billboard on I-95N proclaiming 50 percent off sushi Monday-Thursday called to me!Shogun is pretty sizable for a town like Bensalem, especially when there's another sushi restaurant within spitting distance (Sakura on the other side of Street Road) and Tako on Galloway (one of my faves). Their selection of half-off sushi is not bad. Everything we ordered was tasty enough. The rolls range from $2-3 for the standard stuff (spicy salmon, eel, etc.), and $5-6 for the special rolls. The Violet roll was really good - crab and eel tempura with avocado, topped with eggplant! Sounds weird, but it was really yummy.Unfortunately, the service was terrible. Our server did tell us early on that it would be slow, so I guess points for the advance warning, but it still shouldn't have been that slow for the number of people in the restaurant. Maybe add another sushi chef?Best thing about the half-off sushi is that applies to takeout orders too. Definitely worth a visit.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,6/12/2010,109,163,6,5,5>I felt like Charlie Bucket when he first entered the Chocolate Factory.This place was a feast for my eyes. I am a serious chocolate junkie so I'm not sure how I've never heard of this place before, but I was so glad that someone introduced it to me this weekend. I just wish that I was independently wealthy so that I could buy everything my heart desired in there.I had the Aztec drinking chocolate and went for the European style to get the full effect. I mocked the size of the glass when they handed it to me, but the glass of chocolate mocked me back when I couldn't even finish drinking it. It was so delicious and rich, it's probably a good thing I don't live in the city or else I would become a regular... and 400 lbs.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,12/18/2009,28,113,6,10,6>It seems like there are two camps out there, one for Tiffin and one for Ekta.  Count me as firmly planted in the Ekta camp.Before we discovered Ekta, we tried Tiffin several times.  Takeout Indian was a staple of our diet in our former homes and so we were desperate to find a Philly equivalent.  After hearing such great things about Tiffin, we were really excited to try it.  And we were really disappointed.  Over and over again.  No matter what we ordered, everything at Tiffin seemed too sweet somehow.  The food wasn't  bad necessarily, the flavor just wasn't what we were looking for.Enter Ekta. I know my palate may not be super-geared toward authentic Indian food, but Ekta is what I want when I want some delicious Indian take-out.  The dishes have heat (not sweet), are chock-full of spices, and Ekta's menu has plenty of variety.  I have no idea what I was eating before I had Kadai Paneer, but I can say for certain that I was not truly enjoying Indian food.A few commenters note the suspicious absence of proteins when ordering chicken tikka masala or lamb vindaloo or whatever... and I can see that.  Usually I know I can bet on about seven or eight pieces of meat per container, which I suppose is fair to say: not much.  But I feel like that's not necessarily a bad thing.  For the price, you kind of get what you pay for and -- like a lot of rice-based cuisines -- the sauce is there to stretch things out a bit.  I shouldn't order chicken tikka masala expecting the Indian equivalent of KFC portions.As for the rest, I second the emotions of Walter K.'s friend: "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  Since the closest Indian establishment to me is Ashoka Palace (with its whopping 1.5 star average...) the fact that Ekta will deliver to my center-city door from its Fishtown homebase is enough for me.  Bomb-ass indeed.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,12/17/2009,101,151,9,11,7>Yes. This place is as small as everyone says it is BUT if you do score a few spots by the sushi bar, you'll forget how small it is. The bar is rather wide and to the side of the commotion of the storefront/people who ordered take-out. The special is 3 rolls cut up into 8 BITE-SIZED pieces for $10.95. Notice the emphasis on the size, they're small but should satisfy your sushi craving. If you have a bigger appetite they have also have tasty "special" rolls for about $10-15 each. They're packed with more sashimi and so tasty that you'll want to try to stick the whole piece in your mouth, only to fail and have sushi rice stuck on your face. I enjoy that they use a lot of soybean "paper" on their rolls. Not sure if it adds more flavor but it's pretty to look at. I don't remember the names of rolls but I do remember the "Expensive Roll" in particular... because of its name and price. I know there is lobster in it but unsure of what else lies within that makes it $30[1].  You can only order it if you dine in though. The staff here is really nice, service is prompt and the sushi is presented beautifully.This place is also vegetarian friendly! There are tofu and vegetable rolls on the menu. So bring a bottle of wine, a vegetarian and visit Vic. Or just be smart and bring a bottle to drink while you wait for your take-out.[1] Why can't they have something called a "Cheap roll" for $0.30 and leave out the lobster?
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,12/16/2009,44,81,10,7,8>I REALLY like this place.  If I had to describe it, it would be if the Barbary and Johnny Brenda's had a love child, and abandoned it on that fateful street corner.  The atmosphere is great with a room for some seating, and another room for dancing and a stage, and PINBALL TABLES BONUS POINTS.    The point is, DUH weirdo name, great place.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,12/15/2009,61,261,8,10,11>Another fabulous find for our bookclub forays =)I almost completely walked by the cafe huddled under my umbrella last night, tucked into a quiet corner shop in the midst of the neon and noise of the Italian market. Inside is a little bit of a mix of your grandmom's living room and attic. The couches are well worn in, the fireplace was sadly fake, and if you're ever not sure which country the owner's from just look on the ceiling. The bathroom is also a must see, with a kind of red light, boudoir feel.I got the Dirty Volcano to start off with, and enjoyed Rene's finesse while mixing the drink as much as drinking it when he was done. I particularly loved the 7 or 8 (I lost count) types of chocolate that he shaved over top of it. It was so rich it really could have been enough, but my arm was easily twisted with the allure of a free second round, and tried the Killerrr. Molten chocolate in a martini glass, the flavor reminded me a little of a Kandy Kake, and I'm not complaining.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,12/13/2009,202,329,3,6,7>anybody who knows me would know that i'm a sucker for varga girls and all things pinup...  so i was so excited when i heard about this place.  i headed there on a late sunday afternoon.  outdoor seating a-plenty, on a semi-quiet street (so not sucking down exhuast fumes!).  they've got a good beer and wine selection at reasonable prices.  and they have pickled vegetables.  what else can beat that?  the rest of the gastro-pub menu ain't half bad, either.the server was v. sweet.  not the most knowledgeable or best at remembering what we ordered, but always came back to double check...she gets an A for effort. crowd consists of the neighborhood-y types.  perfect.yes my dear pinups, i shall be back!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2009,12/11/2009,67,144,4,7,6>Running some errands in the northeast, I decided it was finally time to check out Chink's, to expand my cheesesteak repertoire.  Its a shame its a bit of a hike to get there, because its one of the best steaks in the city.Walking in, it's different from most of the other famous cheesesteak places.  I love the old time lunch counter vibe, theres a couple of booths, and a couple of seats at a counter, where you can watch the girls make the milkshakes.They make the steaks to order, which automatically puts it above the assembly line tourist traps.  I got mine with onions and provolone.  The service is very good, and much friendlier than most places.  It looked like there was table service at the booth, which is a definite plus.The steak I got was a little bit dry, but still very good.  The roll is a bit spongier than I prefer, not acme-brand bad, it just didn't have the density I like.  The cheese was more melted on top than mixed in, a bit different than I'm used to, but at least it's melted.They really don't make places like this anymore.  The neighbourhood lunch counter is now the mall food court, the mcdonalds by the highway.  I'm definitely going back to sit down there, try a milkshake or what looked to be real fountain soda.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,12/10/2009,42,105,4,8,5>YUMYUMYUMYUMJust got back from my first Ting Wong visit (with more to come).  I thought for sure I had found the bastion of cheap, fresh, yummy soups in the Nan Zhou Handrawn Noodle House, but I'm pretty sure that Ting Wong blows them away.  I got the roasted duck noodle soup with egg noodles for $5 (!).  The duck in the soup is truly succulent, I'm probably going to dream about it tonight.  The portion of duck is generous and they give you all the good pieces. In addition, they make the soup a well balanced meal by throwing in some chinese greens.  My friend who got the duck with wontons in his soup said the wontons were second only to his moms.The atmosphere like everything in chinatown is utilitarian, but contrary to other reviewers on here, I found it to be pretty clean, definitely clean enough to be non-repulsive.  Free hot tea.I will definitely be back here many more times now that soup season is in full force.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,12/9/2009,126,708,9,70,39>I've NEVER shaved my legs. EVER. I've been getting my legs waxed since I was an early teen from this wonderful woman, Cristina, at Kenneth Salon in NYC for over 10 years. Until I moved to Philly, I had NEVER gotten my legs waxed from any other person. But this summer all that changed when I had only a week before I left with my bf and his family for a trip to Costa Rica. My choice was to either find someone here to smooth my legs or go to the jungle looking more like the monkeys that reportedly surround the villa we stayed at (LIES! There were no monkeys!). I scoured the internet, putting as much research into this as I have for things like credit cards, and finally decided to check out O2 Skincare Lounge and Anthony's services. And with 30% off waxing services, why not try? It was easy to make an appointment for only a few days later; what wasn't easy was finding the entrance. Its hidden next to a Rite Aid on Walnut since the salon itself is on the 2nd Fl, overlooking the bustling shoppers. I entered a lovely, open, serene salon space with a small but comfortable waiting area at the front where I waited for a few minutes while Anthony finished with another customer before coming to get me.The room itself was a comfortable size with more than enough room for him to maneuver around the table, with subdued lighting and relaxing music. I removed my clothing, laid down on the bed, and let Anthony get to work. We started with my eyebrows, which he did a wonderful job on, truly an artist with his attention to detail. My leg and bikini wax was also lovely. Anthony is quite efficient at removing all the unwanted hair, and throughout the entire session provided delightful banter, which is always soothing when you're having hot wax poured over you and then ripped off. It didn't even bother me that he was seeing ALOT when it came to the bikini wax (I'm used to Cristina, a woman, waxing me - this was the first time a guy was down there!), and he made sure to take off enough when I told him that I'd be living in a bikini for the next 10 days. I would thoroughly recommend Anthony for any woman who gets her legs waxed, he does a great job.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,12/8/2009,70,207,5,13,9>A while ago, we decided to go to Amada practically on a whim. Being responsible adults, we called ahead and asked for a reservation. Apparently it takes at least 3 weeks to get reservations to Amada at a normal hour (between 6:30pm and 9pm)...So we waited 3 weeks and gradually I managed to built my expectation to a point where they were not even through the roof, but in some distant universe... Watching Chef Garces on the Next Iron Chef, did not help with the anticipation and growing expectations at all...Finally the day has come and we went to Amada. I was deadly afraid, as I know myself - if I have high expectations it's almost impossible to meet them, 'specially if I was building'em up for 3 weeks.Once we entered, the place was nice - well decorated and totally inviting. As we were a little early, we set at the bar and had a drink. The drinks were good and the scent of cured meats was almost intoxicating. Few minutes later we got seated and ordered $55 Chef Selection of tapas.It was a feast. I don't know how anyone can actually finish the entire thing. Almost everything we got was amazing and somehow managed to exceed my expectations.Tuna salad with was really good, though if you don't like mayo, it might not be for you..Cheese platter was out of this world, especially (I believe) Cabrales with a dip that sort of reminded of Nutella, but obviously was not.The sardines were okay, rather the fish was really good, but I was not a big fan of the sauce or whatever they were served in.Salad with asparagus, favas, avocado was amazing. Personally, I think there should be just a bit more cheese, as once you put the cheese with the greens, it made it taste THAT much better... but it was still great..Spanish Flatbread with shortribs, horseradish and bacon left me speechless...Lamb chops were really, really good...Wild mushrooms were even better...I can go on and on with each specific dish, but I guess it would be easier to say that with each bite there was an explosion of taste and apparently I have taste buds that I was never aware of, probably in places that should not even have taste buds and each one of these newly found taste buds was totally enjoying the bacchanalia of superior taste...
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,12/7/2009,1014,321,7,13,9>Put on your twirliest skirt and lace up your skates for a night out at this totally retro roller rink. Tuesday nights are "Adults Only", meaning you gotta be over 16 to get out on the floor and work your moves to the sounds of live organist Ralph Brown.If your spirit is willing but your ankles are weak, get over to the center early for an adult skating lesson before the open session from 8-11 p.m. Tuesday night.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,9/8/2014,181,207,5,12,9>Vernick is like your most popular friend. Social, entertaining, and extremely attractive. I finally had my chance to try it recently, and it's no wonder this restaurant is a such a celebrity in this city. It was date night, and it was a gorgeous night! Slight breeze that helped perfect my side-swept hair, and the warm sun providing lots of crowd-watching from the second floor (mainly dog walkers, runners, and people walking with an excessive amount of dry cleaning!). I brought my handsome date, and we had high expectations. There were a few misses, but there were many high points that would bring me back to try more of their creative food and drink menu. While perusing the menu, I ordered the New-groni. It was frothy from the egg white, and just enough citrus and tang from the grapefruit. A must order. (Sidenote: Really wish I could have bolded that last statement). I also ordered a manhattan which was also delicious!Food-wise, we ordered the charred spinach and fontina toast, chili-glazed octopus, black sea bass, the rabbit leg, and a chocolate cream pie for dessert! The toast, cut in three small pieces, was a tease. It slightly reminded me of spinach pizza on Texas toast! Order more toasts if you have a hungry table! Unless, of course, you like octopus because I should have ordered a second plate. It was my favorite dish, minus the apple+endive salad. The octopus had the right amount of spice, but the salad did not work for me. Dressing was a bit salty, interfering with the light and refreshing palate it was going for. The larger plates were slightly better. The sea bass in itself was perfect! Tender chunks of grilled fish accompanied with a roasted tomato sauce. The red sauce was also generous with salt, so I tried to work around it. I tried a little bit of the rabbit dish, and that had more of the complex flavor I was looking for in my dish. We finished off with a decadent chocolate cream pie. Heaven on a plate! Not too sweet, and the graham crust added some nice texture.Overall, the experience, atmosphere, and service was top-notch. You feel VIP in here, since everyone is so attentive as if you're their only guests. The meal needed some slight improvements, but obviously, there was so much that I wanted to try. I cannot wait for a return visit!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/7/2014,111,176,7,12,8>Felt like eating something healthy for dinner and randomly put pho for a search criteria on the yelp app (expecting to find something in North Brunswick) but what the pho! A new Vietnamese place in Trenton!!The first four reviews looked promising so with lots of excitement and hope, I drove down to this place and ordered a Pho Ga (which is available only in a  large single-size portion). The rest of the Pho varieties can be ordered in small or large bowls.The first slurp of the piping hot chicken broth revealed a pretty good flavor profile. I can only imagine how comforting this would be in winter. Eek! Not thinking of winter. We still have a few weeks of summer left and the entire fall season. Coming back to the bowl of pho, the chicken was succulent and the noodles were cooked fine. Added the condiments, basil leaves, bean sprouts and demolished the entire bowl. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,9/6/2014,98,112,2,10,8>Solid 4.5 gourmet, thin crust, pizza. This place is well off the beaten path. But inside, you'd never notice it with the packed dining room and loud and boisterous atmosphere. The interior is modern rustic and updated, very clean and well maintained. Parking is plenty across the street; however, you might find yourself parking down the adjacent road on a busy Friday or Saturday night.  The pizza was amazing! We ordered the Pizza Dora (a red pie with sausage and pepperoni) and the specialty Fig Pizza (a white pie with Gorgonzola, figs, and mozzarella), and both were delicious. If you like Hawaiian pizza, definitely try out the Specialty Fig Pie with fresh figs pulled right from their very own garden. The Pizza Dora appears to be a house staple; it's everything you'd want from a thin crust sausage and pepperoni. The atmosphere is inviting and the staff sets the standard for welcoming, friendly and attentive. Even with a packed house, our pies didn't take long to be served and we were taken care of like we were the only ones there. Make sure you come prepared. This place is currently BYOB. I hope to eventually see some local microbrews offered or beer flights as well. Until then, I'll be picking up a six of Yards Brawler on the way. Highly recommend this place to others. A great spot for date night or a large family gathering.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/5/2014,425,275,10,18,10>Anyone who goes down the shore frequently will agree that you'd have a better chance finding an actual mermaid than restaurant which has both quality food and is affordable. Plain and simple, they gouge you at the shore and often they don't put much effort into their cuisine because you are trapped between McDonalds and the Atlantic Ocean. I found myself in Brigantine this week with family and after a quick Yelp search found the Macedonian Grill. It's been awhile since I had Greek food and it was nearby. Admittedly, MG is more diner fare than fancy restaurant , which was fine by me. The menu is daunting in the way most Greek diners are but I can make it easy for you. Stick to the Greek specialties. Most of us ordered some version of their souvlaki and none were disappointed. The ingredients were fresh and the pita was crispy and warm. This was one of the closest experiences I had to the real Greek cuisine I enjoyed in Greece on my honeymoon 20 years ago. Very impressed!I'm told the burgers, chicken tenders and fries were also above average as well. Combined with the great service ( all the servers and the bus girl worked as a team to make our experience great), has me wanting to go back next time I'm at the shore. Even though I rarely make it over to Brigantine, it may be worth the diversion.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,9/4/2014,182,603,5,8,6>There's a new burger spot in town. I've been to one in DC so I knew I would like it. The opening day crowd was pretty reasonable and they filled orders quickly. Spike was there with his family. The burgers are solid. I stuck to the cheese and bacon, but they have a bunch of specialty ones as well. They are cooked about medium, and have a nice grill flavor.  It was a little salty, but otherwise it was really good.  I thought it was more filling than a Shake Shack burger.  They have great milkshakes and they have a mini size which is nice for those of us that don't want a huge shake.  The fries are dark and thin, and they have a bunch of dipping sauces.  Overall, I think Good Stuff is worth including in your burger place rotation.Loved the shirts they were wearing that said something like "Thanks Shake Shack, Bobby's Burger Palace, Smashburger, etc., we'll take it from here."  Throwing down the gauntlet, I like it.  And thanks for the free milkshake card!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,9/3/2014,128,193,1,10,10>Another craft beer mecca in Philadelphia.  Eulogy has been one of my favorite places in the city to find really rare craft beers, especially sour ales which I love.  They have 300-400 different bottles, and a handfull of tap lines that always have something to please.  The bartenders are awesome, just ask for their recommendation of a beer you like and they will pick something good for you.  My new friend Greg helped recommend some rare bottles that he pulled from out of the cellar down the basement!As for food, the honey dijon mussels were my favorite, although I haven't had them in a long time.  But last week I came here for a barrel-aged beer tap takeover event, and I ate the veggie burger which was fantastic. So tender and thick, lots of good sauce on it also.  Last week we also had a pastry roll stuffed with duck, mushrooms, and cheese.  It was one of the best meat pastries I've ever tasted!  The bar is small and dark like a typical Belgain pub.  But there's upstairs seating also so that  helps.  I can't comment on the table service becuase I ALWAYS sit at the bar.  Don't come here if you like to drink watery-light beers, there's not enough bar stools for that!  This place is definatly made for beer enthusiasts.  If you love a huge variety of beers and can't get a seat at the bar, there's another larger craft pub across the street called Bierstube that I also enjoy very much!  Cheers!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/2/2014,12,79,3,7,5>Just got back form this salon and my nails look amazing!It's in a weird spot in the city, so I hope this salon does well. During their grand opening month, they're having 50% off all services, definitely no excuse not to go. I got a pedi + gel mani. As part of the pedicure, you get a hot stone foot massage, amazing! After getting the gel nails,you get a back massage as well! So relaxing, I wish I didnt have to go back to work, because I'd really enjoy a nap right now.Upon leaving, I was given facial soap as a gift, so cute! Another tip-- sign up for the points program. It's free to enroll and you can accrue points towards a free service!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,9/1/2014,221,503,7,10,8>We rarely make it to fish town but apparently business in the booze industry is poppin north of Girard. The duo behind Emanuelle are also behind The yachtsman  so I knew the drinks would be legit.We walked in at the perfect time and grabbed up a few seats at the bar. By the time we ordered drinks it was a full house and people were crowding the bar area .The decor is very island-esque and all the drinks come in festive tiki cups and some have paper umbrellas as a garnish. My one gripe is about the lighting it was pretty much darkness with a few candles I guess I just assumed an island themed bar would be a little brighter. This place seems to fit in well with the local crowd we def looked out of place but still received stellar service and the drink list had options for everyone. I chose a rum based drink which I rarely have and was quite impressed with the balance of flavor.I wouldn't make a special trip here since it's not really close , but I would recommend this place to someone who lives closer and is in need for a tropical cocktail with a side of hipster.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/31/2014,62,128,2,10,6>My husband saw this restaurant featured on Bourdain ... I must say, after being led astray by Guy Fieri (see my Geechee Girl post) we were both a tad skeptical.  Being that Mt. Airy is our new 'hood, we decided we would give Chef Ken's a try this past Wednesday.  As per usual, we over ordered, but this time we were really glad that we did!  Our Selections:- Roasted Chicken Platter w/ mac & cheese and red beans and rice- BBQ Chick Platter w/ yams and string beans - Fried Whiting w/ mac & cheese and greens- Peach CobblerEverything was excellent, and I would certainly order again.  In fact, my husband ordered take out again today ... although they were out of a few of our favorite side items (mac & cheese & yams)  (it's Friday - so looks like everyone got their paychecks and headed straight over to Ken's!) we still enjoyed our meals and this time tried the fried wing ding platter w/ cabbage, jambalaya and a side of corn bread (very, very good).The owner is beyond friendly, as was the young man working at the counter.  FINALLY, we found a spot in Mt. Airy where we can get amazing food!  YAY!!!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,8/30/2014,40,74,9,10,13>The hummus is smoother than your best pick up line. The matbucha (smokey, flavorful roasted tomato salad) is richer than your uncle.The Salitim is the loveliest way to compliment all of the perfect little bites. Have you ever had pita so good that you could eat it plain? Fresh, hot and soft. Perfection.And The Israeli bazooka joe is the best. So charming and utterly nostalgic. I grew up in Queens and trips to the Israeli markets in Kew Gardens would result in treats like Bamba, Bisli, Crémbo when the weather cooled down and of course a handful of Israeli bazooka gum.Keep the hummus coming. I'm excited to see the menu updates and specials.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,2/6/2009,8,28,2,5,5>I'm new to the neighborhood and so I haven't quite established a rhythm or gotten a feel for things.The sign for ZOT is a little striking and I've wanted to check it out for a while. So when faced with a double-header of Monday Night Football (incredible Giants loss to the Browns, yes!) and Game 4 of the NLCS (Go Phils!) I was in need of a place to get dinner, a drink and watch both games.Now, a Belgian bar is certainly not the straightforward choice. However, I wanted to avoid a big crowd and wanted to scope this place out for future visits. I figured the worst case scenario was to have a drink and a bite and then go to the next.Well. The interior first floor is quite nice. The bar area is a very cool array of bar cases allowing you to see the plethora of bottled varieties imported from just about every nook and cranny of the world. I'm not a heavy beer drinker and so I asked for a Hoegaarden. Unfortunately they were out but offered up a heffeweise that was on tap. I forget the name but it was a good beer served in a cold, tall mug. Perfect.The bar menu was a little fru-fru. I saw two gentleman enjoying the buckets of mussles and decided it was more food than I wanted. In an effort to keep things simple I ordered the bison burger. It was incredibly huge (I don't know what kind of person they think is going to be able to eat that thing) and rather bland but was accompanied with ketchup, an excellent mustard and spiced mayonnaise sauce that was a pretty good. I also witnessed a girl order their "cheesesteak" which was similarly giant sized.My recommendation is to avoid their bar food until they realize how wasteful it is.In the end I was able to enjoy watching the game, decided I'll be back in the future and even got a beer on the house when the Phils pulled ahead in the 8th.Perhaps that 4th star was bought by the extra beer. I'd like to think it's a point for the promise it seems to hold for future visits.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,2/5/2009,12,50,,7,6>You know what? I love Cafe Ole. Simply put.I work out at Ironworks across the street and while I do so, at any hour, I always see tons of people going in and out of cafe ole. Since it's been pretty nice out, a lot of people have been sitting outside too but since this is Philly that will soon change ha! So onto the food. I've had most of their sandwiches here. All of which are delicious. My fav is the Grilled Chicken. Mix that with the BEST iced green tea and you have yourself a wonderful meal. I think the prices are average. Sandwich and iced tea for around 8 dollars. I think it's cheaper after 6pm til close or something. The atmosphere is nice inside, very small, feels homey. The people who work there are pretty nice as well. I think they have wifi, not 100% sure on this. It is sort of a louder atmosphere so if you want to do work you should bring earphones. If you're in old city and want a quick coffee or lunch or dinner, this is def the spot.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2008,2/4/2009,44,33,9,10,10>Can I give it 77 stars? I cannot express the sheer happiness that ensued when I walked into Phileo last week. The fact that Philly would take this dazzling little concept and make it SO Philadelphian brings me great joy on a number of levels.  Allow me to explain.It's my understanding that NYC's Pink Berry and the subsequent DC chains (Mr. Yagato to name one), pride themselves on the idea of succintness. You pick one of three flavors, pick a topping or two, and there you go..... enjoy your trendy frozen yogurt experience. Um, k.As a bona fide Philadelphian, I was not impressed. I like gluttony. I like variety.  And I'm perfectly OK with throwing trendiness out the door just to partake in a more satisfying froyo event.  So what does Phileo do?  It PHILADELPHISIZES the trend.  It maintains the cute atmosphere but multiplies the excessiveness, negates the healthiness, and makes the whole damn experience significantly more delicious. I put snickerdoodle, cheesecake, cookies and cream yogurt into my happy little cup Tuesday night.  Oh, and then some Reese's and Mochi too.  And best of all, I was in complete control (those who still wish to be healthy or simple have that ability as well).  Everything from the 12 froyo machines to the entire toppings bar is self serve and completely in your hands.Think Maoz but in dessert form.So I threw all my delicious things together, and my bill came to....$4.19.  As per usual, way to go Philly for redefining a chic NYC notion into something much sloppier, much cheaper, and much more awesome.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,2/3/2009,1014,321,8,10,12>At the corner of 65th and Lansdowne Ave. in Overbrook sits the key to my childhood. Vincent's Pizza was the only place mom-mom would buy pies for us, and my pop-pop.  We always got a plain white pie, large.  The crust was thin and blistered black on the bottom from the oven, the blend of cheeses on top adhered perfectly to the crust, redolent of garlic. Mom-mom used to pay the kid next door, B.J., to pick up the pizza for her if she had other things happening in the kitchen.  When I got big enough I would go get it, a ten-dollar bill clutched in my fist, following my nose to Vincent's all alone. Reheated in the oven, the white pizza lost none of its savor, and years later, the reheating of my imagination with this lost pie tastes like home.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2008,2/2/2009,65,83,,10,6>I'm surprised nobody gave this place a five star review yet.  I love it!  The seed pizza is my favorite.  I've gone here three times in the past month.  They are leeching from my paycheck!The service so far has been really good.  Delicious beers, and the selection changes every week.  Always something new to try!  I had the most amazing chocolate stout last night.  The prices are a value too!  Only 5 bucks for a 20 ounce of anything on tap.  Lots of local selections makes me happy.A true asset to Mt. Airy.  We need more places like this.  If you haven't been yet - check it out.  Heck, you might see me sittin' there sippin' on some beers.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,2/1/2009,15,119,1,9,9>I have found a new favorite restaurant!  When pondering where to eat dinner last night, my husband suggested Estelle.  We had just ridden our bikes past and the awesome PW review was fresh in his head.  This was a rare occasion that we went somewhere of his choosing and he gets all the points for picking this place.  They are open for dinner, they were breakfast and lunch only until May when they started doing dinner Wednesday- Saturday.  I didn't even know the construction was complete on the building that Cafe Estelle is in but low and behold its a thriving residence and restaurant right there off Callowhill.  Cute but simple decor, definitely more lunch cafe than fine dining but very comfortable.  And it was very good people watching with the large windows into the lobby of the building and the parking lot.  We went with a first course of the charcuterie plate -- duck pastrami, saucisson, and speck.  The Saucisson and duck pastrami were AMAZING!  I ordered the duck breast which was so perfect. It is what every duck wants to be.  I would like to note that I am not usually a huge duck fan but it just seemed appealing.  My husband ordered the vegetarian timbale, which as the waitress described is like a dinner pastry with phyllo dough and deliciousness.  I don't usually like stuff like that but I had more than one "taste".  You know how you go to dinner and feel like one person won and got the better dish?  Am I just competitive at everything?  I felt like both entrees last night were equally amazing and satisfying.  We ordered the profiterole dessert and were not disappointed.  The service was great, both servers in the front were so friendly and just nice.  They just seemed so happy to be there which made me happier to be there.  It was truly a great evening.  The topper was when my take-out was dropped off it was in a cornstarch based container that I can throw in my compost pile when I'm done with my leftovers.  That single fact is enough to make me return, okay maybe not but by that time I already knew how great the food was.  I only wish I worked in the area so I could try their lunches.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/31/2009,17,56,7,6,6>If there's one thing I hate about PA, it's the stupid buying beer by the case rule.  When I go out to drink, I like to have different beers, not just one over and over.  So why the hell would I not want to do the same thing at home?  Yes, kids, your pal JT is a bit of a beer snob, loving the Belgians and tasty microbrews, so while being able to land a case of Dead Guy for relatively cheap compared to other places in the country where they charge an arm and a leg for a six pack, I just don't want 24 of the damn things.This is why I go to the Foodery.  Come on in and make your own fantastic mix and match six pack from a wide selection of great imports, micros, and the usual domestic swill.  They cater to everyone and the prices can't be beat.  I used to live in Pittsburgh, and we had a similar joint out there, and their prices were still a dollar or so more per bottle than that of the Foodery,  First time I went in, I was expecting to pay at least 50 bucks for my six pack. Imagine my delight when it came to only $32.  Right, I know, if you're not a beer freak you'll think that's highway robbery, but everyone else knows you get what you pay for, and beer is no different.If you need anything else like sodas, snacks, and the rest of that shizz, the Foodery has it as well.  In fact, it's kind of like a really hip quick mart selling fantastic beers.  My fave experience there was the day of the Phillies parade last year and these younger drinkers came in buying 40s.  I just wanted to take them aside and let them know that if they just spent four dollars more they could each get a bottle of Belzebuth at 13% ABV and have a hell of a better time.  But hey, it's nice to know that you can get a four-o there if your heart is really set on one.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,1/30/2009,476,796,44,45,48>I just finished one of the best stacked ham & cheese hoagies on the most perfect roll, coated in seriously toasted sesame seeds!  Yep, the sesame seeds were toasted to a delightful nutty goodness. I could have had a variety of different meats & cheeses to fill my hoagie and lettuce, sliced red tomato, onion & pickles to compliment them.P&S is famous for their hmemade pasta, raviolis, with cheese, spinach,  meat, lobster or mushrooms. Tortellinis, fettuchini, potato gnocchi,  manicotti, stuffed shells, meatballs and sauces are all available to order in store or on line..P&S was founded by the DiGiacomo brothers, Primo and Secondo, who emigrated from Abruzzi, Italy in 1960. They use the freshest local ingredients and the finest imported cheeses available and they never add any artificial colors or preservatives.Starting with a small store in South Philadelphia. they continued to grow, move and expand into the delightful deli & homemade pasta stores. They have won Best of Philadelphia and consecutive Readers Choice  Awards. Today they have one store in Delaware, one in New Jersey, one in Havertown and three in Philadelphia.  I bought several pastas, ready to be cooked at home. Have you heard about the amazing new pasta diet?It's easy!  You learn to walk pasta da refrigerator without stopping,pasta da cookie jar, and pasta da pantry...  ;+}
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/29/2009,828,1172,9,13,10>I obviously came here because I was randomly curious. But I also came because Juliana S. seriously had me craving a cup of their chai ever since we had a good conversation about it. I also really needed to stock up on some loose leaf tea to better prep myself for the cold part of winter that's brewing (please don't be a high of 18 degrees tomorrow!). And after reading through the vast menu I knew that this was the only place to go!As soon as I walked in I was instantly greeted by two friendly faces, and became instantly enticed by all the incredible teapots and jewelry that the place offered. Bonus points for the beautiful decor and fact that they had a checkerboard table! taking the first sip of Chai was like entering a spice filled nirvana. It's made fresh daily and is loaded with ginger, brown sugar, Assam tea, vanilla, rose water and fresh ground spices. talk about enticing the senses!While most Tea spots like Tbar and Remedy win out on the size factor,  Random Tea Room definitely wins out on the quality of what they offer. While some blends are shipped out from across the globe, others are blended on site. And now that I have bags of Morroccan Mint, Argentinean Yerba Mate, and For The Defense (an herbal blend of cinnamon, lapacho, ginger, dandelion, clove, lemon, licorice, and elder berries!) I can honestly say that I'm prepared to take on old man winter.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,1/27/2009,425,275,21,11,14>Ancient Chinese Secret!Im sure others my age remember that line.(From a Clorox commercial or something) I always think of it when I get dumplings from a Chinese place.See, I love fried Dumplings. And more than Dumplings, I love dumpling sauce. What is that stuff! Once, I tried to find out.  Me: Excuse me sir, can I ask you what that sauce is?Man behind the counter: Dumpling Sauce!Me: Yes, but what is it?Man: Dumpling Sauce!Me: I know but if i was in a store what sauce would I buy?Man: Dumpling Sauce!Ancient Chinese secret. I have never seen anything called Dumpling Sauce. ive asked at other places and get pretty much the same response. I really love this stuff (I even put it in my coffee!). Ill never be mistaken for asian but im guessing a major ingriedient is soy sauce. Yet when I try to use soy in the same way at home...well lets just call it a disaster and leave it alone.  I brought up China House in Upper Darby because they have the tastiest Dumplings and the best Dumpling Sauce that ive ever had. Its much spicier than the usual D. Sauce.   I work near here and they are quick, and friendly (they always remember me and my order). Their won-ton soup is the best ive had, Egg rolls are very good. Its only fair that i compare this place to other joints of the same level and this is top of the heap.  What the heck, I know them pretty well, we have established a good relationship, lets give it a go, Me: What do you put in this to make it taste so good?China House: Dumpling Sauce!*Shaking fist* Curses ! Foiled Again!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/27/2013,38,142,4,5,5>This place is a little doggie heaven along the river.  Hands down, it's the best dog park in the city.  Frequented by big and little dogs alike, the dog park can get pretty crowded during the weekend, which makes for fun people and dog watching (it's a guilty pleasure to watch the clueless stand in the middle and get slammed by participants in an intense game of tag).  There's water for the pooches, a hose to hose away anyone's severe case of diarrhea, and even bags to pick up doo doo.  There are also benches lining the park which is actually base for dogs playing tag - don't sit if you don't want a stranger crawling underneath you....also it's cheating if you help cherry pick.Lined with a special doggy safe K-9 turf with drainage, there's enough room to run like crazy but still find a secluded spot to spend some alone time.  The city gave us an enormous gift when they built this little gem.  It's really hard not to find a smile at the dog park.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/26/2013,312,582,,9,5>If you can't tell by the advance notice required to get a reservation, this place is constantly packed. Have no fear, that does not correlate in anyway to reduced attention or quality.  Having hear "everything is good" and not wanting to make a choice myself, we decided to go with chef tasting menu.  It was easily the best decision of my Friday!  Before ordering, we were provided a plate of various pickled foods.  Either I've grown to like nearly everything pickled, or Zahav has a secret technique.  I'm guessing the latter.Once we ordered, they started us off with 6 vegetarian salads (salatim).  Don't be fooled or disappointed with that vegetarian word, these salads were delicious!  I'm torn as to which was my favorite - the double roasted eggplant, the beets, or the cucumber.The salads were accompanied by laffa and the best hummus I've ever had.  Now I haven't had a lot of different hummus, but still know what's great!The next wave of food included some amazing fried cauliflower in a dill sauce.  Yes, I don't know how else to describe it other than to say amazing.  Considering this wave had the only item of the night I did not like (House Smoked Sable), I was happy to devour as much cauliflower as was provided!After clearing all that, the main course arrived - enough lamb to last for days.  Of course it was perfectly cooked and delicious.  And of course, we were so stuffed with the earlier rounds we admitted our (temporary) defeat and had it boxed to go.The night ended with a sweet dessert which I was too tired to get the name of.  It really balanced the meal well.At this point, Zahav is a clear five-star.  Yet, they take service to another level.  They almost appear to be over staffed to ensure you are constantly taken care of.  In a time when you fight to get a water refill and are pushed out quickly after your meal, Zahav is the anti - prompt service that isn't pushy, attentive while providing privacy - making for a stress free evening.  Make a reservation and check it out for yourself!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,9/25/2013,50,95,,7,5>When a Yelp search yielded Amalia's Cafe as the closest hookah bar to my home, I was intrigued.  There are plenty of spots to smoke hookah in the city, but South Philly seems to be a bit of a wasteland when it comes to this, so the possibility of a new place in walking distance was very exciting, indeed.  My companion and I had already eaten dinner before decided to go out, so we didn't get to sample much of the food, but my experience was so positive that I will definitely go back to give it a try.The staff was immediately welcoming and allowed us to sit at the one table they have outside.  It's BYOB and they gladly provided glasses and opened our wine for us, no fee.  The hookah is very affordable compared to most places around the city, with $12 and $14 options.  Our smoke session was smooth and flavorful and lasted easily 2+ hours.  The staff was excited for new customers as they have only been open a month or so, and let us try some homemade tea and pickled veggies, which included radishes, green olives, and gherkins.  Both were delicious, as were the grape leaves we ordered to munch on.  I'm excited to go back with an empty stomach to try the dinner options.Amalia's is also very affordable - you're not going to get charged an arm and a leg for what seems to be very authentic, homemade, unpretentious MIddle Eastern food.Overall, I'm really impressed so far and I think this place has the potential to become a neighborhood gem, and perhaps help pave the way for more new businesses in the West Passyunk corridor.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,9/24/2013,68,173,4,4,5>In a rare moment of utter blasphemy, I did not order the eponymous burger on my pilgrim voyage to Good Dog. I had every intention to, but was enticed by the menu's and my excellent server's description of the Lamb Belly Sandwich.I shall not atone for my indiscretion. That dish, described as a "lamb bacon sandwich," was one of the more unique creations I've tasted in this sandwich-obsessed city. The braised lamb belly was tender enough to melt in the mouth but boasted crispy, charred edges from a quick kiss of the grill. It harmonized beautifully with soft foccacia that sopped up the juices and brightly sweet pickled onion to cut the richness. Think a BLT but with a decidedly lamb-y funk, far superior bread than average, and those onions in the tomatoes' stead.My herbivorous companion's veggie burger elevated itself by smartly mimicking the texture of beef and offering solid vegetal flavors. The 50-50 split between normal and sweet potato fries enabled pleasant, absent-minded munching in between sandwich bites.A conservative but well-selected tap list, intriguing cocktails, and friendly service round out the Good Dog experience. I will return for the rite of passage that is the Good Dog burger, but that astoundingly delicious Lamb Belly sandwich may lead me to err again.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/23/2013,106,147,2,9,4>The happy hour here is probably the best happy hour in the city, one it is SEVEN DAYS a week happy hour and two the food is an amazing deal.  I've gotten everything on the menu several times.My usual items are: Pork Ban Mi (perfectly toasty and seasoned, goes amazingly well with Siracha), the bbq wings, the giant bowl of kim chi fried rice, fried and balsamic vinegar tossed brussel sprouts.You can either sit at the regular bar, or the bar facing the kitchen, back in the graffiti bar, or even outside on sansom street.The drinks are $4 for the beer of the day, $5 for the cocktails.  The beers are not that special, maybe a blue moon, etc but your coming here mainly for the food vs the drinks.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/22/2013,161,818,,7,3>Awesome place to dine, people-watch, enjoy friends, and have a good time.  We came here on a pre-theatre schedule and so informed the waitress.  Despite the time constraints, the entire staff was superb, ensuring we left fully satisfied and on time for the Arden Theatre performance. Marmont is located smack in the middle of Old City and a stone's throw away from the historic mall where the nation's founding took place.  So its placement is enviable for strollers, movie and theatre goers and the like.Entering the restaurant, our reservations were honored on the spot and we were quickly seated, with a plate of fried calamari ready at the table in what seemed seconds.  Superb.  The filet mignon was fork-tender and cooked just-so-right.  And the surf and turf was spectacular.  We accompanied the occasion with a pinot and bread pudding towards the end, finishing up with double espressos so we would not fall asleep at the performance from the carb sugar low...Memorable dinner.  We will be back.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/21/2013,32,283,6,6,5>So, I tried something new today! I got take-out at Indie Blue. This place never ceases to amaze me. The flavors are out of this freakin' world!Today I tried something new from the menu as well, the Vegetable Korma. OH EM GEE! I seriously wanted to lick the take-out container. Okay, I did lick the take-out container. I also tried the Onion Bhajia-not bad at all. Really liked the tamarind chutney that came with. Still my favorite restaurant, of any kind, anywhere!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/20/2013,393,710,6,10,8>If you don't get here early, be prepared for a serious line.  There's a reason for that.  It's because the food is very tasty.As advertised, it's a vegetarian place (big surprise) but it's more than that.  With lock-step efficiency, the crew behind the counter works quickly to bring you a mountain (yes it's that much) of food.  At around the same price point as most sandwiches, you can score a platter with falafel, latka and eggplant along with hummus, pita, some cucumber salad and all the hot peppers you can handle.  At first glance you may be inclined to think "this is way too much food for one person" until your first bite.  Then you eat a bit more, talk with your friends, lather rinse, repeat.Strangely, the food evaporates, you're full but not overstuffed and you've not had any meat whatsoever.  Brilliant!For a little less food, get a falafel sandwich.  That at least looks like a reasonable portion size.In summary, I like Mama's, I just have to remember to duck out at 11:45 to beat the rush.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/19/2013,113,228,,19,1>I thought about not writing a review because I didn't want others to find out about this place but that seems cruel. I recently flew with Frontier out of Trenton and had the most pleasant airport experience of my life. The lines are nonexistent thanks to the small size, parking is free and easy (I was six spots from door on a Friday afternoon), the staff was helpful and the bar served cheap craft beer. I can't wait to fly out of here again. Just be aware that there is no bathroom after you go through security so don't rush to the gate.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/18/2013,146,222,4,8,7>Paneer lovers rejoice!  Spice End's aloo paneer kati roll packed some serious flavor.  Generous amounts of cheese and seasoned potatoes were spread evenly over the warm, chewy paratha & rolled up neatly into a dense little package.  The cooked onions and green sauce (chutney?) also added nice flavor. If you're like me and sriracha tastes like ketchup, then you'll have to try the big bottles of Spice End's hot red sauce.  This is what all hot sauces should be like - where heat takes precedence over salt.  I cooled things down with a deliciously thick and rich mango lassi. With half a lassi & half a roll left over this $11 meal covered both lunch and dinner. *Special thanks to yelp & Spice End for a 10% off check in offer!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,9/3/2011,4498,831,3,8,6>My wife's relationship with a local law firm results in an invitation to a huge holiday party every year at this fabulous facility.  I tag along as the token husband.  Amazing food and an open bar all night.  It's a tough job but somebody has to do it!  We have attended several times.  This is a review of the banquet facilities.  If you're looking for a golf course review you'll need to go elsewhere.  The physical facility is beautiful both outside and in.  A large parking lot adjoins it.  The banquet rooms are beautifully appointed.  As you might expect the holiday decorations are camera worthy.I find the quality of the staff a real pleasure.  After visiting for years we've experienced consistently outstanding treatment.  It seems that every person we meet is competent and friendly.  Kudos to the management for both their hiring and training programs.  If you have eve attended this type of soiree you know the food is a function of both the facility and the client.  This law firm could have ordered hamburgers and hot dogs or steak and shrimp.  In this case it was top-of-the-line dining.The food was organized into stations around the sides of the main ballroom.  I could go on for pages but here are some highlights.The carnivore station included turkey, ham, beef tenderloin, beef tenderloin stuffed with spinach, corned beef and lamb chops.  Wow!The potato bar had whipped potatoes with a selection of every topping imaginable.  Your choice was served in a martini glass.  Very cool!There was a caesar salad station with each salad made to order.How about an amazing desert bar complete with bananas foster and cherries jubilee?Let's not forget the pasta bar and the cappuccino bar.  There was more but you get the idea.Everything was hot, fresh, and delicious.  If I had to throw a big party, Tavistock would be on my short list!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,9/2/2011,136,204,3,7,5>Once again, I'm amazed that I managed to not review a place that I go to at least once every other week.What can be said about Greek Lady that you don't already know? Probably not a whole lot, but whatever. In my experiences with various delis, flat top shops, and street meat purveyors, Greek lady really does do a gyro right. They fill up a warm pita with more meat than you likely thought you could, top it with fresh lettuce, tomato, red onion, fries, and tzatziki that's on the creamier (ie more delicious) side. I either go for the lamb or the house special, which I believe is pork. It's not as juicy as the lamb but makes up for it with spices galore. You can also ask for a mix of the two. That's not all though - try their sides! I tend to go with broccoli and lemon roasted potatoes, but pretty much everything is good. If I'm feeling heart-attacky, I'll order up some cheese fries. They're quite bacony.All-in-all, delicious.Pro-tip: Everything here is HUGE. Be prepared to have to take out your left-overs. Sharing is not frowned upon.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,9/1/2011,331,353,2,8,6>I went on a Thursday afternoon to lunch with a friend in the cafe and the wait was 45 minutes.  The hostess was more than kind and took my number to give me a ring when the table was ready.  No worries as we had plenty of time to peruse the beautiful store.The restaurant itself is beautiful.  Everything you would expect from the Anthro/Terrain crew.   It is in a greenhouse with an industrial fountain at one end and plants that are in every corner.  Our waitress was lovely and very attentive.We started with a terracotta pot full of fresh baked warm bread.  I don't know what they use in their butter, but it was unreal and so full of flavor.  My heart was won instantly.  I ordered the short ribs with cheese polenta and my friend ordered the duck confit plate.  We also shared an order of mac&cheese.  Both meals were really solid.  Were they the most amazing plates I ever had, no, but they were mighty tasty.  The mac and cheese was creamy, but needed a bit of salt for flavor, which was easily remedied.  Both my friend and I were happily stuffed, but we couldn't ignore the chalk board in the corner with the list of desserts.  We polled our waitress and she said her favorites were the chocolate mousse with hazelnut and the lavender cupcake.  Having wanted to try something different, we decided to share the cupcake.  We also both ordered a warm beverage to compliment our sweet ending.  My latte was perfect and I never saw a frothier cappuccino than the one my friend got.  The cupcake delivered on the icing, but the cake itself was a bit dense and heavily flavored on the lavender side.  The icing helped balance that though and it wasn't very hard for us to finish it.The bill was reasonable (about $30 each with tip). I will definitely go back again, but maybe for a different meal.  Being that I love all things anthro, I was excited to see that they can host weddings or other parties in their restaurant.  I also heard it was pretty reasonable.  Now I just have to find a reason to host such an extravagant affair.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,8/31/2011,162,175,8,7,9>I want to take Charlotte and Pierre home in my pocket and hug them forever.Came in for dinner with my family Saturday night. My parents have struck up a nice little friendship with the Calmels, which I'm told was aided by a review my cousin wrote for the New York Times Magazine. Regardless, this experience was more than pleasant. The food was incredible, as usual. Pierre sent out a cheese plate and some macaroons for us. The servers were fantastic.Both Pierre and Charlotte stopped by our table a few times to chat. My parents talked shop with Pierre about the lobster bisque, and I jokingly said that my dad was asking Pierre to tell all of his secrets. Pierre goes on to say how he has no secrets and is more than happy to share recipes. He says no one recipe ever comes out the same for different people making it. I'm making all of my dates take me here in the future.I'm in love.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,8/30/2011,436,385,6,12,8>e mei is an amazing reminder of home. not home like my mom's cooking (cuz that's unparalleled), but home like southern california, a glorious region with many great traditional chinese restaurants.e mei is a traditional chinese restaurant in every sense of the word. from the fish tank and cashier's desk/bar that greets you when you first enter.. to the 4-seater booths lining both walls and the large round tables with lazy susan's down the middle of the restaurant.. to the chinese paintings on the wall and the signature red and gold back wall.the menu is a bit eclectic.. mostly a fusion of dishes from all over southern china, including, but not limited to, sichuan dishes. i wouldn't necessarily classify this as a sichuan restaurant, as their spicy dishes are not THAT spicy and their cooking lacks the signature peppercorns indicative of sichuan food.however, there is ample use of hot chili oil, but not so much that the food is greasy. i love that the food isn't drenched in sauce so that you can actually taste the quality and flavor of the meats. and yes, their best dishes here are meat-based. vegetarians beware.the standout of the night was cumin lamb (something like that.. i don't remember the exact english translation). the complimentary peanuts and spicy broccoli stems at the beginning and the watermelon slices at the end were a nice touch. another reminder of home.service is also exceptional here by a chinese restaurant's standards. i was kind of amazed.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/29/2011,90,533,5,5,7>It's funny how you hear about places like this - after a couple of mentions in the local foody blogs and a few walk-bys, Wedge + Fig piqued my interest.  But it wasn't until the glowing newspaper review of the Jawn, a special panini-of-the-day, that I finally gave into impulse and made the trip down.  (A friendly phone call confirmed that the PotD was still in fact available for an early dinner purchase.)Wedge + Fig is an adorable setting, kindly nestled in the heart of Old City buildings.  The main room is sprinkled with intimate tables and shelves full of crackers, jams and other cheese accessories.  They have a large fridge case: a dizzying selection of cheeses on the left, homemade foods and desserts on the right.  Smiles abound from the staff and a lot of friendly conversation are apt to occur.But let's talk about the Jawn panini.  It was duly purchased, quickly ferried back to my car through the pouring rain, and about to drive home when the smell hit me.  I couldn't help it: I opened the box and took a bite.  Chaos ensued.  Can you imagine a tiny Chinese girl happily gnawing on her panini on the side of the road in busy Old City?  That was me plowing through the Jawn in all of its butter-fried turkey, pork roll, melted cheddar and jalapeno-dijon aioli glory.  Guy sandwich be damned.I'm definitely coming back, and not because I hope they start carrying the Jawn on their regular menu.  Thankfully, work is only a few blocks away, and I'm definitely putting this spot on my list of go-to places for weekday lunches.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,8/28/2011,180,143,4,7,6>As far as bodegas go, Pac A Deli is tied for #2 in the city. I mean, in MY rating system. In Gale's "ultimate, without equal, all-dominating" rating system. Is it the hours that are so great? Yes, but THAT's just a matter of course with bodegas. Is it the inventory? The $1 flavored Dasani water? The shelves lined with Almond Milk, packaged Indian meals on the quick, organic brownies? Yes, among other things. Is it the fresh fruit and basic produce available? Or the beer selection? Maybe it's the random items, like gourmet tortilla chips, obscure green tea drinks in the fridge, or the fact that Mario will wrap up a couple of hard-boiled eggs if I ask him....          But all these things exist in other places (except Mario - he's irreplaceable and I love him. Te Amo, Mario...) It's the people there. I look forward to the owners, the employees - It's these very same people who held down the fort under the same owner years ago when Pac A Deli existed 2 doors down on the corner. The fact that the same employees are there is not only comforting or a happy circumstance, but speaks VOLUMES as to the merit of the owner and his wife, whose faces have made mine light up for years now. They are so genuine, so real, so honest, and their employees have stayed and followed - and I daresay, they have created for themselves a family.           So when I visit this Pac A Deli family each day to purchase my water or soycrisps or random odds and ends before I head over to the gym, I know I will leave with a smile. There's saucy Paul with his eyes rolling at the drunken fools that clamor for beer at 10 am, Mario with his never-yielding optimism as he makes the deli salads for the day, and everyone else there - who make up this Silver Medal of bodegas in the city, but take the gold in my heart. sniff, sniff...(Are you crying yet? They have Kleenex, I'm sure of it. In fact, I think it's I.79.)
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2011,8/27/2011,563,317,5,9,8>Many think that fine dining can only be had in the city along streets named after Walnut, Chestnut, or Locust. However, once in a while a shoot springs up in the suburbs that reaches majestic heights, and so it is with Sycamore, a Lansdowne BYOB with charm, class, and execution. The first question you may ask, as I did, is "where is Lansdowne?" Just west of the city, we were able to reach it from the Main Line area in about 25 minutes. Most Philly urbanites should be there even faster. We arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night, and found ample street parking out front. Being a holiday weekend, the dining rooms were (until about an hour later) about half full, which was agreeable to us as it gave us more opportunity for intimacy. The quite, classy, unassuming decor and white tablecloth set the tone for what was to come. We brought both hard alcohol as well as a bottle of red. Sycamore will serve mixers for you to shake and stir your way to happiness, and you'll never have to worry about that mixed drink being a little "thin," as you'll be adding the shot(s). After settling in, our attentive and pleasant server Jane described the various offerings on the menu, We opted for the Farmer's Plate as our first course. Served with three different cheeses and meats picked from a comprehensive list (we let the chef decide), it was both fresh and delicious. Also served on the plate were olives, several different mustards, and a delicious topping which hinted of fig. Next up was the Wild Mushroom on Toast. Served with a sunny side up egg on a bed of assorted mushrooms, this dish is as good an appetizer as you'll find, and only confirmed my belief that I could eat fresh eggs anytime, anywhere. My entree was the ribs, served off the bone over a bed of mashed potatoes. Succulent with a symphony of flavors that suggested hickory and cocoa, this new dish redefined an old favorite of mine. I finished up with the Dark Chocolate Pot du Creme. As a certified dark chocolate addict, this heavy mousse was delicious and plugged the chocolate fix my brain was jonesing for. Overall, a wonderful suburban experience. So, why not five stars? A few quibbles...we thought the portion size on the small side given the high 20's price tag. The mixer served for my better half didn't have the right balance of lime and sweet syrup. While all our dishes were very good, and with the exception of the mushrooms on toast, they didn't reach epic status. We really enjoyed our indoor picnic under the canopy of Sycamore. The final and most important verdict? We'll be back.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,8/26/2011,111,109,10,4,2>Put the Pig Popcorn, at $5, first on your list. Smokey and crunchy, the G6 of pork rinds comes with an apple cider vinegar powder, chile & horseradish aioli. The whore of pig out food (pun sadly intended) gets a high class make over and it works fantastically. Think Julia Roberts after meeting Richard Gere in Pretty Woman. Barbuzzo Richard Gere'd pork rinds. The Sheep's Milk Ricotta Ravioli will never find itself on a low-sodium menu, but the salty taste isn't overwhelming and the sheep's milk variety is a nice twist, adding a nutty, slightly sweet dry texture compared to the typical cow's milk whey. I don't think there's a Pretty Woman analogy here. Maybe George Costanza's character is cow's milk whey? Yeah, probably not. Anyways...Contrary to my previous (ignorant) experience, not all pesto is created equal and the Grilled Bronzino will deserve the lion's share of blame the next time a ho-hum pesto devalues a dish. Damn you and your wicked blend of fresh parsley and pinenut, Barbuzzo. The fish itself was light and cooked perfectly.And a properly made Old Fashioned to boot? At some point we're wasting words talking about this place. Just eat here already.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,8/25/2011,73,80,8,7,6>I like the onion volcano, if you're not hip to the onion volcano, you need to question how much you're enjoying life. Dinner here for a friend's 30th last night. Little bit silly, heavy on the salt and fat (butter and soy, are in fact, the secret ingredients) but secretly a very guilty pleasure. Yes, they throw zucchini in your mouth. It's a Hibachi place. What were you expecting? Sapporo and plum wine, of course; to start. I had the sea bass, DH had the fillet. Large portions, accompanied by a Godzilla size serving of fried noodles and veggies. Definitely not an authentically Japanese serving size; but tasty. You can bemoan the "show" for lacking subtlety, but its fun. Say what you will, presented with a similar task; I'd maim myself irreparably within five minutes, so I choose to enjoy the ride. I've been here for sushi, which is also excellent. Very fresh and a great selection of maki and sashimi. Their tuna is some of the best and freshest I've had in the Philly 'burbs. Go already! Giggle with glee at the little plastic toy that "tinkles" out the onion inferno. Clap wildly as your date gets hit in the forehead with a zucchini cube.   I promise, anyone who sees you is laughing right along.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,7/1/2009,37,91,8,8,8>Full disclosure: I basically live at 1317 Walnut, so loving Naked Chocolate is a forgone conclusion. But Lordy! The new shoppe is gorgeous and homey at the same time. And the new treats a'comin, like brie in puff pastry and those roasted veggies make stopping in more more possible, if you get my drift. Also, same cookies and cupcakes and pant-wetting chocolates as the home-base.  I could people watch from the mezzanine, catching up on my live piano music-listening -- there's a giant piano in Naked! -- or look out the giant, warming picture widows and make fun of business-ladies walking buy in suits and running shoes.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,6/30/2009,28,113,5,7,6>Mifflin street is far away from my house.  Septa's website is a pain in my rear to navigate if there are going to be bus switches involved.  Cabs are expensive and hard to catch on Passyunk/Broad/whatever at night.  Fresh pasta at the fresh pasta store across the street from the Alley was sort of meh (i.e. not a good "I'm going out there for TWO reasons, not one!" excuse).  The many reasons I have not been back to the Alley in a long time.So.. delight!  Jeremiah has moved to South Street.  Now that's a trip I can handle.I've been through at least four salons, including the Alley, since moving to Philly.  I haven't had any really atrocious experiences or anything, but I also haven't had any experiences that have made me think, "wow, why the hell do I go anywhere else?"Just had a cut and color at the Alley .. first return trip since about a year ago, I think and I definitely left thinking, "wow.  why the hell do I go anywhere else?"  First things first, when I say "electric purple" what I mean is, electric purple.  Purple that does not occur in nature.  Purple that could only have been created by electricity, neon, plastics, or artificial dye number 65 or whatever.  Yes, you are going to have to bleach the crap out of my hair.  Look, here's a picture,  And yet... eggplant.  Sigh.  If I wanted eggplant, I would have asked for eggplant.  I know what eggplant is.  Aubergine.  Deep midnight.  Brinjal, even.  Not the same thing as the aforementioned electric purple.Second, A-line bob, high and tight in the back.  Not a complicated thing.  You're probably picturing one right now, right?  Looks a little bit like Charlize Theron in that one terrible futuristic movie that I can't remember the name of at the moment.  Finally... where else can I obtain these two things together for under $100? I agree with the one negative review that sometimes the thinning gets a little out of control.  Next time, I'm just going to ask him to leave that bit out.  Jeremiah is always so awesome about basically doing whatever he can to get what you want..  I can't imagine this is going to be an issue.  Yay new Alley!  The space is a) gorgeous and b) in a way more convenient location.  Whee!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,6/29/2009,101,45,4,5,6>Dark and warm, POPE doesn't mess around. Their beer list is plentiful and the veggie burger is serious too!The only thing that could make this bar better was if they didn't play Motorhead's "Ace of spades" every ten minutes.TIP: If you drive, you can always find parking across the street in the ACME parking lot.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,6/26/2009,198,334,9,15,12>Since I missed the UYE here last month this place has been burning in the back of my head. So I went back and tried their buffet. This way I got a good sampling of most of the their meats. Major piece of advice - if you are going to the buffet - GO EARLY! It starts at 5pm on Monday nights and runs until 8:30pm. It was still packed at 6:30-7 when we got there. We had to wait in line just to pay before sitting down. If you get their early they will have someone cutting super tender, succulent pieces of prime rib. I managed to weasel through the line and get some before it was gone. They were constantly refilling the buffet items so everything was hot and fresh. I usually don't like ribs but their beef ribs are so good and the sauce is so tasty that I went back for seconds. The garlic mashed red potatoes are by far the best of the sides. The corn bread was being fought over and was gone almost immediately after it came out so it took me standing over the basket like a vulture waiting for more to come out for me to get a square. It was worth it because it was moist, sweet and light. My only criticism is the desserts. The chocolate chips need taken away from their kitchen. They put them in everything. So it ended up making every dessert into some form of chocolate chip cookie. There was a warm cake that had apples in it that was ruined by the insane multitude of chocolate chips added to it. But with that said I did not come there for dessert anyway.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,6/24/2009,828,1172,17,13,19>Review 700! While this one is definitely going to be a homage to one of my all time favorite event filled parks, It's also going to sort of be a homage to one of our very own infamously amusing Yelpers. You see back in the day Aaron O. came up with a Philly Yelp drinking game where people would have to drink whenever a certain Yelper said something on a thread or review. While I don't remember too many of the details for others I definitely remember that people had to drink whenever I talked about Clark Park. While I had a good laugh and told him that it would probably give some people a good buzz, I also said that people would get a lot more hammered if they had to drink whenever I referred to myself in the first person as McThrill.I'm sure you can figure out where this is going. But after giving a good 25 minutes of deliberation as to what 700 was going to be, and realizing that Flea Market season in Clark Park is kicking off again, I figured why not and decided to make this review a little more optionally interactive. And that's why this review is going to be done to the tone of a drinking game -1-! The rules are pretty simple since they only involve drinking whenever "Clark Park" and "McThrill" is typed from this point forward. Have fun and remember to forward any cheers and hangover jeers towards Aaron for giving me such a silly idea in the first place. And now without further adieu I bid you Kanpai -It's no secret that McThrill(1) loves Clark Park(2). He has already dropped reviews on Clark Park(3), The Clark Park(4) Dog Bowl, and The Clark Park(5) Farmer's Market. You'll also find many instances of McThrill(6) declaring his love for Clark Park(7) in the talk threads. But McThrill(8) decided to save the best thing for last, because next to it's amazing fests like Best Fest, the flea market might just be the best thing about Clark Park(9). McThrill(10) loves running around the park in search of sweet used books and clothes to give a new home too. But McThrill(11) especially loves the fact the Beautiful World Syndicate hooks Clark Park(12) up with it's vast selection of vinyl, CDs, and movies. And don't make McThrill(13) get started on the incredible steals he has gotten on things like a coffeemaker ($1!) and a Foreman Grill ($8!). Throw in the colorful assortment of regular vendors, and the interesting cause that it supports, and it goes without saying that McThrill(14) loves the Clark Park(15) Flea Market!-1- Drinking isn't really encouraged for this review and it's all in good fun. But if you decide to have fun and drink responsibly.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,6/23/2009,2946,2194,27,27,28>Prohibition Taproom has got personality. Their huge "BAR" sign calls to you, even visible from Spring Garden. This faux-speakeasy's interior fits their name, with a large wooden bar dominating the space, lit by beautiful hanging Victorian bulbs. There's room for a crowd, even in the bathrooms[1]. My only gripe is that the exterior is brighter than it ought to be.Prohibition opened earlier this month, and as young as they are, the staff was anything but. Brendan, our bartender and a trained chef, kept us happy, making us shots and taking food orders (they have a full menu). We took down gin ($7/shot), Jameson, and pineapple rum shooters[2]. Would have drank more, but conceded, with great lugubriousness, that it was a Monday night.Stop into Prohibition[3], and tell 'em I sent you[4]![1] Their non-unisex bathrooms can fit two comfortably, though most will prefer to go solo. Don't ask how I know.[2] I asked for a light, random shot, and was pleasantly surprised with the shooters.[3] Do this![4] Don't do that!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,6/22/2009,70,139,4,9,9>The Head Nut is unlike any other place.  You have to plan your attack here, as the store is set up in a chain of rooms that are stuffed from top to bottom with every type of nut, candy, or canned thing possible.  Their dark chocolate almond bark is to die for, and they have some interesting trail mixes as well. I'll be the first to admit, The Head Nut be a little overwhelming because there is just SO much to look at.  You can definitely run in and out, but this isn't Di Bruno Bros, so don't expect the employees to help you too much or offer free samples.  All the cashiers that I have seen have been teenagers who are there to get the job done and get out, but are perfectly friendly while doing so.   The hours can be a little funny, so make sure you call ahead before making the trip.  Happy searching!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,6/20/2009,46,6,9,6,7>I was fairly new in town when an awesome woman--Jodi, when will I see you again?--told me about a farmers' market between Pine and South streets. I went up there looking for all that fresh produce that I rarely eat. Everything was pretty normal, the basil looked like basil and the cheese seemed pretty expensive even after I found out it was made with happy cow's milk from New Jersey (yeah, New Jersey!) until I caught an aroma that sent me back to Mexico--No, Mr. Vento, it wasn't a sweaty ICE agent--but the scent of some pastor meat roasting somewhere near me.At first I thought I was getting homesick once more, even after I had bought all the "super hot peppers" from one of the stands to cook me some rajas con crema. Completely in denial, I repeated to myself, "no, this ain't happening. You're just thinking things, a bunch of pendejadas. ¡These gringos wouldn't have tacos at the mercado, por amor de dios!" But the scent had already had its effect on my olfactory epithelium, which is something inside my nostrils. Soon came to mind memories of the good old days down in Mexico City, where taquerias abound as humid days in Philly's sticky summer. No sooner had I made myself clear on the lack of taquerias in the City of Brotherly Love, than the pastor aroma was hitting me once more. I looked everywhere as I walked. Well, I didn't look where I was walking because I bumped into a crowd going nuts for their tacos. Yes, tacos in the mercado! I knew I wasn't daydreaming because I saw the pastor trompo spinning before the fire, its meat roasting, my mouth watering, my dreams coming true--well, at least my taco dreams--, and my amigos from Taquitos dispatching orders all over the place. I broke through the mass of people--I basically skipped the line--and, making use of all my bilingual skills, ordered "una orden de tacos, por favor," to which the guy there answered with a smile and three tacos. "¿Con salsa?" he asked."Fuck yeah," I thought. "Si," I said. I was barely recovering from such a shocking experience when the guy, good old Carlos, told me they also had quesadillas on hand-made tortillas. I don't know what that may mean to the average reader but hand-made tortillas just improve the experience. "Bring'em on, Carlos!" "¿Qué?" he asked."Échame una," I said.They were delicious: corn smut or corn truffle quesadillas, an Aztec delicacy known as Huitlacoche; squash flower quesadillas, a barrio favorite. I try to make it every Sunday to the farmers' market not only to have some of those quesadillas. I also stop by to check on my Mexican friends and buy produce that I never eat but sits so colorful in my fridge until it spoils.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,6/19/2009,44,33,1,8,8>I think the time has come to review my second favorite place in all of Philadelphia.  Not that I want to encourage it being any more crowded, but the second I discovered Chapterhouse, I fell in love with this city all over again.Since I moved to the city last year, I've made a mission of trying out almost every cafe in the city (still working down the list, but I've made good progress).  Yet Chapterhouse has fallen into the default category..... when I want to do some work on my laptop, write in my journal, catch up with a friend..... it's equitable to my home as far as comfort is concerned.  I've found the other patrons to be considerate but mostly in their own worlds; exactly the space I'm in when I set up shop in a cafe.The servers are really nice (some nicer than others, but that's fine) and everything I've gotten here has been so good:  the vegetarian sandwiches are both great (try the vegan wrap!), the smoothies are delish (apple chai!), and I've had most of their teas hot and iced.  They also play great great music.Despite the crowd (and occasional difficulty finding a seat), I generally feel a sense of relief when I walk in.  I think the communal aspect and variety of seating options really makes it feel like you're invited into someone's home.  I appreciate that.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2009,6/18/2009,425,275,17,17,16>I never thought Id say this but Im burgered out!I was instructed to come here by my GPS Navigator, Chewy. We had spent the day in the Main Line woods and were hungry like a wolf. When my kids are involved, I always look for diners because the menu usually suits all involved. I have been aware of Rubys for quite some time but never really wanted to go. The whole retro burger joint concept doesnt do anything for me. I hate paying for the decor as well as the food. But again, my pal Chewy told me this was the best choice in the area and I always listen to my electronic devices. (like once, when my camera told me to take the picture of the MILF bending over). As many others have alluded to in reviews of this area, I dislike the Main Line, Suburban Square, Porche driving socialites. I make it a point to avoid this area at all costs. Luckily, this was a holiday weekend and most of them can afford to go away, so the crowd was sparse. We were one of only a few patrons on this humid Sunday evening. As stated earlier, the decor is retro 50s, all employees are dressed in the style of the day (even the cooks, whose kitchen was open to the viewing public). Service was fast and somewhat friendly. I guess I would be a little jaded too , if forced to wear such ridiculous outfits. I liked the Train set rounding the store, and giggled when imagining it falling on a 3 yr old Ben B (see his review). I know they are known for their burgers, but id had so many lately, I was looking for something different. This changed when I saw the menu insert for their new, Bleu Sliders. It was 3 mini sliders, with a bleu cheese topping (actual bleu cheese, not the dressing) and an onion ring. I had to have this in my life! My kids were boring and each got chicken fingers. Luckily, my picky son raved about how good his was. I dont care what they get, as long as they eat it and are happy doing it. My burgers were as good as they looked. Tasty toppings and the burger itself was a treat as well. The fries were just ok. Hard shoestring fries that had no particular flair. The bill total for the 4 of us was $40 (no apps no dessert) This is a little more than I expect to pay at a diner, and cant help but feel like I was paying for all the staff to be dressed like Back to the Future extras. Just some notes about Rubys.  - We absolutely loved their kids menus. It is a sheet of cardboard that (with instructions) they can fold into an airplane and are given stickers to decorate it. I have never seen anything like it, and wonder how much extra this costs to them. Matts and crayons are getting sooooo old.  All places should look into this.- They are known for their milkshakes, but we arent a milkshake family, so we didnt partake. SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!  We were seated near the milkshake station and I noticed they didnt use real icecream, but instead used icecream in a carton, like ive used at bars to make mudslides and such. Not necessarily a dig but Im just sayin......  To sum up. Im putting this in the win column for Chewy. It was definitely a positive experience for all involved. While I paid a little more than I would have liked, there was plenty involved that I feel was worth the money. I need a trial separation from burgers though. Thank God tomorrow is Memorial day, where I can have a nice home cooked meal of.....uh...burgers and dogs. Jeez I should have thought this through a little better.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,2/25/2012,303,225,4,4,4>Let me preface by saying that I don't like beer. I just can't get into it as much as I try. With the recent explosion of love for all things micro-brew, the culinary snob in me could easily go the beer snob route if I wanted to but I just can't get past the taste. My loss is the gain for someone else. As a recent transplant to the area, I was pleasantly surprised by The Pour House. I felt like I had walked in somewhere that was like home which is always a good sign.Great beer selection - check (according my beer snob counterpart). I dig how they have a huge menu wall telling you what they got, alcohol volume and type of adult beverage you are going to be consuming.Food - menu looked decent and our food was good. Mind you I got a cheeseburger and my rule is If you fuck up a cheeseburger you're in trouble. They did not. Good service - checkI really wish I could do the raw oyster thing, they seem to be a hit here but I can't get past the texture. Wish they served some baked oyster versions. Throw a Rockefeller on the menu and I am in like Flynn.( Sidenote: Seriously, I know you're wondering "you don't like beer or  raw oysters, wtf are you doing in this place?". )But beer selection and food aside? Whoever picks the music for the establishment gets the thumbs up from me. There is nothing more buzzkill inducing than a joint that serves up crappy tunes.Overall, I like you Pour House. I will be back.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,2/24/2012,190,62,,6,5>Walking into this restaurant might be reminiscent of those Olde Tyme photo shops on the boardwalk where you suit up like a Wild West bank robber and get your photo taken, but don't let the somewhat silly and tacky decor throw you off, they take cocktails and food very seriously here.First up, the drinks. With other cocktail serving veterans becoming overly trendy and offering relatively uninspired cocktail menus by comparison, Farmer's Cabinet has an extremely inviting list of beverages, from a variety of imported beers, to their delicious house sessions and big beers, to silky smooth cocktails made with egg whites. The food is both familiar and adventurous. The burger takes a bare bones approach, and I might say too much so. Umami flavors dominate and it lacks the complexity I might expect from a burger that hopes to win awards, but it's well made and does the trick. Cheeses, escargot, frogs legs, and a short list of quality entrees finish out the menu along with a variety of pickled vegetables. Farmer's Cabinet has taken the tried and true formula from the hands of places like Tria and Franklin Mortgage, which though reliable, has become a bit stale, and really makes things interesting again. This spot can feel a little dark and dingy on a nice sunny day, but it's perfect for an evening visit.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,2/23/2012,98,260,5,5,5>Famous Chicken Soup. Need I say more? Sigh. Fine. Everything in here in fan-tastic. Famous 4th embodies "South Philly" to me. The staff is friendly and helpful. The sandwiches could last me three days, no lie. Don't let the prices turn you away, they give you waaay too much for one person to consume. But its that soup I keep coming back for. It is the only thing I want when I'm fighting any kind of cold. And happily, there's enough of it to last through the first few days of sickness.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,2/22/2012,180,143,4,8,6>Arg, I remember it well... I was here but once, on a dreary Sunday in October but a year ago. I was with a group who relished craft beers and Aye, me Mateys...Have ye ever ate something somewhere, from a place that seems oceans away and ages ago and can't get to very often, and this meal  affected you so very deeply that NOT ONLY did the meal NOT give ye gout, but was so delicious that it seeps into yer dreams like a seductive siren luring you, wailing her banshee song? Aye, friends and chronies, I have been to this place. I have tasted the treasure, and I have since dreamed of once again braving the seas (or the septa train that goes to Manayunk)  ever since. So, I have but 2 words for you all as you read this; as you sit wondering about the little dive bars' offerings and about how ON EARTH this beer crew can know ANYthing about vegetarian food, I say to ye THIS:SEITAN SKEWERS. my life has since been changed. And as the bites of faux meat peel aways in layers between your teeth in a melting fashio that only real braised meat can do, you will be in hog(less) heaven. Get them. Do not ask for anything else. They are a substantial meal. And you will say to ye-self. "Damn ye, Gale! You be a bloody GENIUS, what with yer mastery of opinion and angel-face...DAMN YE! Damn ye to the briny bones of Blackbeard! and I'll say "I'm sorry (nom nom),,, can't hear you-(nom nom)...chewing delicious seitan, busy...(nom nom nom)
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,2/21/2012,238,323,4,7,5>Brilliant place. For the directionally challenged, this is a short hike north of Chinatown, so tip, after the show, start walking that way to catch your cab. UT Philly is a beautiful venue - as in pretty. And clean. And amazingly, yet-to-be-sticky floors. The bar is in the back of the venue, with speedy service and fair prices. Many of the shows are all ages, so drinking is designated to the bar - but think about it. No more Miller Lite on your shoes. No more shall your jeans scream "doused in rum." It's probably a happy coincidence, but if more venues did a solid separation of drink from dancefloor, I'd be pretty stoked.I think one of the true litmus tests of a venue is "do I look for bands *just* because they're playing at the venue?" Why yes, yes I do. And seriously, $10-15 for a random night of fun means you can try out random bands and not be to worse for the wear. Definitely worth a visit.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,2/20/2012,563,317,15,11,8>The sign over the door reads "Reading Terminal Market".  However, as one perpetually fighting my waistline, it should read "Abandon hope, all ye who enter here".Countless food vendors, all offering unique meals.  Roast pork, corned beef specials, kabobs, chicken, sausage...you name it, its all here.  I devoured a number of these infernal temptations and faced spiritual struggle as I realized that something so bad could be...so good.  There are also a number of dessert and pastry vendors, including the ninth level of the abyss, Termini Brothers.You probably won't have Virgil with you on your descent into dieting hell, but once out there is salvation to be had in the Purgatorio of the gym.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,2/19/2012,268,273,4,6,7>Han Dynasty has been on my list to try for months. On a trip to Manayunk, when I spotted the newly soft-opened location on Main Street, I was stoked. I convinced my husband to try it with me with the phrase "It's so hot on the Yelp boards." That's all it took.The waiter explained that the restaurant was family style which meant food came out when it was hot. Being a fairly hungry girl, I was thrilled that our food would come out more quickly with this system.First out was the eggplant in garlic sauce which was rated at a "3" for heat, out of 10. The chinese eggplant was slathered in a spicy red sauce and served piping hot. The brown rice I requested was a bit on the crusty side. Perhaps it would have been better to go with the empty carbs and order the white. Next out was the bok choy with black mushrooms. I've never had mushrooms with such an amazingly chewy texture. The bok choy was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fairly mellow for both heat and heaviness. I would recommend both dishes.A man who I'm pretty certain was the owner, Han, greeted us warmly and taught us some Chinese words on our way out of the restaurant. Because we were eating at such an odd hour, 3PM which is neither lunch nor dinner, we got to see the cooks come out and eat their meal as we were leaving. There was a lot of soup on their table, so I'm determined to try that out next time we go.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,2/18/2012,286,176,7,13,14>one of the few things i actually like about this [dark & chilly] time of year is that it's love stout season. this is my favorite of all of the yards brews, and yards itself is tops on my philly faves of breweries. i love [stout] yards.i recently stopped by the brewery to indulge in some post-work happy hour specials and, sadly, the keg of love stout had just kicked (clearly i'm not the only fan in town). thankfully, the knowledgeable brewer tending bar steered me towards a bourbon porter which was deliciously smooth and rich, and paired nicely with the pub grub i ordered - a bowl of butternut squash soup (seasonal) and a grilled cheese sammie.the soup was a huge portion, in a huge bowl, with huge flavor. it was thick, hearty, nutmeggy goodness, served with a couple points of a crusty bread, perfect for wiping the bowl clean. upon inquiry, i learned that this bread was from wild flour bakery in the northeast, who also baked the deliciously seedy multigrain bread used for the grilled cheese (which i enjoyed on its own, dipped in the accompanying spicy brown mustard and dipped in the squash soup!) nothing super fancy going on here food-wise - but some solid nibbles, for sure.while hanging out at the bar, i noticed some really unique artwork adorning the walls, and was told that it was made by a local philly artist, especially to showcase at the brewery at a first friday opening event and throughout the month. super cool art AND super cool that yards, located on the edge of nolibs, has gotten its hands into the philly art scene. gotta love [stout] that!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,2/17/2012,67,56,4,4,6>I loved every minute of my evening at Talula's. We were there celebrating a romantic evening, and Talula's nailed it. We showed up early for a cocktail at the bar, transitioned to the cozy dining room and spent the evening half gazing into each other's eyes, half going on about how good the food was. I feel like the dishes are unique enough to be considered a treat, and not something you'd want every week. Therefore I don't mind paying a little more for them. Not really because it all local and sustainable (I think that's something they are known for), but because it seems as though everything was made with love.Speaking of the whole local/kind business, did you know most wine isn't vegan? No, me neither. I do now though because Talula's menu indicates whether wine is vegan and/or eco friendly. If you are into that sort of thing.I'm excited to come back in the summer for cocktails and small plates on the patio, it really looks adorable.I would recommend this place for romantic meals, dinner with the parents or summer cocktails with the ladies.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,2/16/2012,110,111,9,10,9>Yeesh, let's cut Tantrum a break, people. Cutting the hair of a child is an unenviable task. I can barely get my son to sit in his seat long enough to eat a piece of cake (CAKE!) yet the stylist was able to keep him calm and still through his entire haircut. This, alone, merits four stars in my book.Is it the best haircut he's ever gotten? By default, yes. I'm sure if we looked hard enough, we could find another place that might give a more textbook, stylish cut but let's be realistic here. My kid is 17-months old. He doesn't need to look like he just stepped off the red carpet. Heck, most mornings, his hair looks like he was just in a losing tussle with a vacuum cleaner. Tantrum Spa does a good job at a reasonable price ($12.95 for a child under 4). and the staff is friendly and great with kids. The ambience is perfect, including toy-themed barber chairs. They play family movies on their televisions, have toys to entertain waiting children, and offer a private room for "makeover parties."It appears that some people hold kid's stylists to much higher stand than I do but I can confidently say that Tantrum Spa offers a solid value for a respectable haircut while providing plenty of free entertainment for your children in the process. I'm a fan but more importantly, so is my wife.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/9/2012,73,183,3,6,3>Please read only if you eat Pad Thai and Pad Thai alone. I'm not a Thai food expert; I've only had Pad Thai in any Thai restaurant I've eaten in. But with that being said, it is the best I've ever had and no place has even come close to Chiangmai. Chiangmai is a small BYOB Thai restaurant located in Conshohocken. They have a phenom anal lunch special. 3 courses for 8.95. You will not leave hungry. Plus, did I mention it was BYOB? Service had always been prompt, though they aren't the friendliest. They are looking to turn tables quickly at lunch, but your water glass with never go empty, and rarely are you waiting long in between courses. If you only have an hour for lunch, you don't have to worry about not getting back to the office on time.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,8/8/2012,303,225,11,5,4>Transplant goth girl here with breaking news at 11. I won't lie, it was the decaying hearses outside that made me give this place a second glance. You see, things like Jerry bears and tie dye are kryptonite to us black wearing folks but I finally stopped to not only look at the Caddy but also to see what was inside. I am so glad I did. Sure this shop caters for lovers of all things classic rock and hippies but there were things that catered to all kinds of music lovers. Their incense selection is like nothing I have seen this side of the country. I scored up on some of that and also managed to find some DM posters, Cure memorabilia and a Kind Diamond pin. Not so crunchy yeah? The staff is SUPER nice and if you get a chance you might just get loved up on by the resident cat that is huge. Overall I liked this place and definitely plan on returning to do some more digging. I got to have my incense and well, their selection was money.Oh snap. I think my goth card was just revoked.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/6/2012,311,132,15,12,9>As a general rule of thumb, products of any category decrease in value when they are broken. A broken smart phone is about as "smart" as that one person who's still hoping to make his fortune on beanie babies. A broken engine turns your car into just another expensive place to store things like old magazines and sweaters you aren't going to wear. A broken spirit loses wars, and a broken heart results in the overproduction of cringe-worthy "emo" music....but broken rice? Broken rice is an entirely different story.With each segment that the individual grains are broken into, the light flavors are able to seep in more delicately, providing a palatable texture, almost like a sexy, Vietnamese take on cous cous. Broken rice is so much more than "just rice," and Nam Phuong has the best in the entire city. I think about it often. Almost as often as "Call Me Maybe" gets stuck in my head. Broken rice dishes are accompanied by expertly grilled meats, with a salad of pickled veggies and a splash of fish sauce to top it off. This spacious establishment is located in the centroid of Philly's Viet hub, so really all of the standard options on their extensive menu (including many for vegetarians!) are authentically solid. Whatever you order, from pho to summer rolls to beef carpaccio, your tummy and taste buds will leave happy.[But if you ever have any trouble deciding...just go with the broken rice.]
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,8/5/2012,65,210,2,3,2>I finally found a go-to spray tan facility and it feels so good! Julie at Skin Palette was awesome. She was warm, friendly and very informative during the entire process. The place was nice and clean and I felt very comfortable the entire time I was there. My tan looks awesome- not orange at all and very natural. I was very excited to find out that my first tan was a discounted price of $40. Sweet! When I went to give Julie a tip for the awesome experience I had, she graciously declined because she is the owner.  I cannot wait to go back- I am officially hooked and will be sporting a nice natural glowing tan all summer long!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,8/4/2012,130,214,,6,6>I have fallen in love with Rescue Rittenhouse. My father had given my mother a gift certificate for Christmas 2010 (actually, I picked it out, he just paid and signed the card!) After months of not using it, she decided to let me have at it. At that time I'd been suffering from pretty severe anxiety disorders, and though I'm a beauty fanatic, I'd pretty much given up on any treatments that required me to sit still for longer than 15-30 seconds. With her encouragement I booked a manicure spur of the moment.When I arrived later that day, I was soothed by the calming atmosphere, but not so much so that my shaking didn't come back once seated. I was given Ana Maria, and she is precisely what saved me! I warned her about my incessant need to shake something - most likely a leg - and to just yell at me if I was ruining her concentration and painting abilities. She assured me not to worry, and we immediately got to chatting. She was so friendly and personable that in the end, I had worried for nothing (like most things I worry about)! Ana Maria totally took my mind off my troubles while giving me the best manicure ever! Later in the summer, I went back for another manicure, and this time added a pedicure. I was twice as pleased! I also went in for a classic massage, again nervous about trying to keep my body relaxed for so long. Once again I was proven wrong about worrying! I was immediately put at ease by the masseuse - I want to say her name was Venus - and had an amazing, wonderfully relaxing massage.I don't go here every time I want a mani/pedi as it is quite expensive, but when I have a special event (or just want a bit of pampering) I head straight to Ana Maria here at Rescue! And if I were to ever plan another massage, I'd be sure to book with Venus. Overall, every experience has been wonderful.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,8/3/2012,38,142,5,5,4>Ate here last night and we were pleasantly surprised to be able to grab bar seats as soon as we walked in.  Boo started with the El Bourne martini; a man martini made with Spanish vermouth. He enjoyed it, my stomach was hating alcohol at the time. We ordered some small plates to start: papas fritas, pumpkin croquettes, and pig tail sliders. The papas fritas come with a sherry vinegar hot sauce that is too good. The fritas kept the crispy skin and had bacon and aioli drizzled on top. Yum. Croquettes were mini meatball sized joys served over a pumpkin seed puree with a veggie conglomerate in the middle. Brussel leaves helped sop up the puree. Pig tail sliders were more like a bruschetta topped with pig tail which you wouldn't know was tail. Tasted amazing, tail is good. I thought I'd get some curly Q of a tail but not the case. We said to each other, "want more?" I confirmed yes I do, so we put in an order of grilled Spanish octopus and the lobster salad that was on special. In the words of Sophia Grace, the octopus was "SO GOOD". Served on a layer of creamy what I think was aioli, chick peas, and a red bit of hot sauce, it had the bit of tang from the sea and we smothered it in the accompanied creamy goodness.  The lobster salad wasn't my favorite. It tasted like potato salad, had a heavy mayo taste, and not much lobster.  We were really happy with the prices and the experience. To top off the night, we pondered over the dessert menu.  Do we order the recommended sundae?  The cheesecake in a jar the couple to our left had?  Or the Olive Oil Ice Cream....?  We had to try the weird flavor of ice cream served with rosemary and a shortbread cookie.  I was so curious how the consistency would be since the makings of ice cream are eggs, cream, sugar...how could oil go in there?  The texture was a cross between a sorbet and ice cream...like an ice-y ice cream.  The taste was light, if you looked for the olive oil flavor it was there.  But when you made "perfect bites" on your spoon it was damn good (perfect bite = ice cream, piece of shortbread cookie, leaf of rosemary).Only caveat was that the woman to my right was having a loud convo with the couple on my boo's left. So there was constant loud conversation about every high school, teacher, and Jewish person in South Jersey.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,8/2/2012,55,290,8,3,2>Great neighborhood spot to stop in and grab a cup of coffee.  They have free dog treats inside for your dog and I think you might even be able to bring your dog inside (I saw someone else do it)...although I left mine tied up outside.  I think her farts would probably blow up the place.The coffee is good, they have a big grilled cheese selection, and they take credit cards, which is great since I never have cash on me.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/1/2012,268,273,1,12,7>Fifteen of my coworkers and I descended upon the new Han Dynasty location for lunch on the Friday before Memorial Day weekend. The place was about half-full; we only had to wait a few minutes for the servers to push some tables together for our group. We had no reservation, but they treated us like VIPs, anyway.I was finally able to try the Dan Dan noodles because we split two bowls around the table. I would highly recommend trying that. They were happy to hold the pork from one of the bowls, for the vegetarians among us, and the noodles were quite tasty and spicy on their own. I also sampled the spicy crispy cucumbers (great), the scallion pancake (fantastic, but still not as good as my Chinese friend's dad makes them), and the lunch portion of the bok choy with a delightful chewy mushroom. It's nice that you can get most of the entrees as lunch portions for a fraction of the price at the lunch hour. I'm thrilled that we have such a fantastic Chinese option in University City!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,7/31/2012,61,261,3,6,3>We came here when I was 10 months pregnant and our server took it on herself to point out any ingredients that might not be fetus-friendly, even going into the back and investigating which cheeses were pasteurized and safe for me to eat. The dough was just the right amount of crunchy yet chewy, and all of the ingredients tasted really fresh and flavorful. There are times when all you really want is a fancy pizza, and I'm so happy Nomad is now around the corner to fill that need when the mood strikes!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,7/30/2012,58,256,13,5,4>Well, if I owe Jar Bar thanks for nothing else, I should thank them for finally convincing me to buy my own damn juicer. I've been on the fence for a while, but Jar Bar did two things to push me over to the juicer side. First, they made a killer juice. I got the "Burn", which is like a master cleanse-esque juice with cucumber, ginger, cayenne, apple, and lemon. It's supposed to make you skinny but it's been like two hours and I'm definitely not skinny. Liars. But anyway, the juice was wicked scrumptious and a great substitute for my morning coffee.Second, Jar Bar was un-cheap. $6 for a 16-oz juice is a bit much for me to swing on anything more than maybe a weekly or bi-weekly basis. A quick round of mental math for the ingredients I saw listed revealed that, even with the initial outlay of a couple hundred bucks for a decent juicer, I would claw my way out of the red and into the I'm-saving-money range in a matter months. So yeah, that's the plan.That said, I know that juicers are a pain in the derriere to clean which, combined with this condition I have that makes me super uninterested in expending energy, means that I'll probably be hitting up Jar Bar when I'm struck with The Lazy.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,5/2/2008,14,6,6,8,7>If your love for overpriced yet delicious smelling products is as fanatical  as mine, get to Blue Mercury.....stat!  Smack in the middle of Center City lies this beautiful small boutique,  where you'll find upscale skincare, makeup, fragrances, hair care products, candles and general grooming goodness.  They've got the usual suspects (Bliss, Frederic Fekkai) cult following favorites ( N.V. Perricone M.D.,Terax, Shu Uemura- think eyelash curler) Classics ( think grandma's bathroom - Darphin, Molton Brown, Acqua Di Parma) ....and they're equal opportunity groomers, so the boys will like it too - even the non metro guys! (though he'll  stand in the corner rolling his eyes for street cred. No doubt he's secretly eyeing the Anthony Logistics Razor Burn Repair behind you, trust me.) Sure, if you want the entire Kiehl's line you'll have to walk down the block, but Blue Mercury carries the 'best seller' products of each brand...and for the smaller or independent manufacturers, they cover the full line. If the cool packaging doesn't draw you in, the chic, shiny staff will.  Beware! They are quite knowledgeable and sure, learning about the latest green vegan chicken friendly product line is fun, (did I mention they have some awesome up and coming brands as well?)  but before you know it, 2 hours have passed and you're in credit card debt.  Save the mascara purchase for Rite Aid, but get the face wash here! There's a small spa/salon which is part of the store as well...I've never tried it myself (other than a one time eyebrow wax which was, well, an eyebrow wax) but I've heard mixed opinions....if we're talking haircuts, I suppose I'll have to review House Productions next...
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/1/2008,29,60,5,9,6>Lore's is a fun little neighborhood chocolate store.  The store has been around for a while, and the set-up is pretty retro - the chocolate is laid out on various tables in the back (rather than in glass cases).  There are usually free samples, so I think it's worth it just for that (I'm a sucker for free samples.  Whole Foods is like my own personal paradise for this reason.  Ever see that Simpsons episode where they have brunch by eating all the free samples at Whole Foods?  That's me).Seriously though, I've gotten kind of snooty about my chocolate over the years, and Lore's does a great job with traditional milk chocolate stuff.  However, their absolute #1 super-amazing item has to be the fresh chocolate covered blueberries that they sell during the summer.  Seriously, these are mind-blowing.  Due to crazy demand, they only sell them on certain days of the week, and only during peak blueberry season.  I highly recommend checking them out - you can call and find out when they'll be available next.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,4/30/2008,25,110,4,5,4>My friends and I went here to celebrate, and celebrate we did. We did not however eat, so this review does not reflect on what they serve for food. It dwells simply on the drinks and the atmosphere.Do: plan on dancing. We came mainly for their friday night dj from the ill vibe collective. It was great for salsa style dancing (mexican or peruvian style ;-)Do Not: get margaritas? My margarita aficionado for the evening was not all that impressed.Do: drink the tequila, with a chaser. I forget what it was called, but it was a spicy tomato juice. I swear with that stuff as the chaser I could have finished a whole bottle of tequila... not that I would.Do Not: let the man get you down (or the crowd). The night I went there seemed to be two distinct crowds. One group was the dancing type (my friends and I were part of that group) and the other group was determined to stare and glower at us (they were jealous). If you want to dance, dance. If you want to chill and listen to the music, you can do that too, because the DJ was awesome.This is a place I will be returning to.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,4/29/2008,10,46,,4,5>I buy most of my clothes secondhand and from two places: Buffalo Exchange and Greene Street. Greene Street is where I buy my clothes for work cheaply, and they also have a nice designer rack which is fun to try on, even if I don't end up buying it. The music is fun, the sales people are nice and it's a great overall experience. I could easily spend an hour or two shopping here and come away with $200 worth of clothes for $75 or less.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/28/2008,15,58,12,10,10>The front door is the side door, there's maybe one half-lit yuengling neon in the window to give you the idea that theres a bar inside this place, and theres absolutely no signage telling you where you are is actually where you want to be until you get inside.  doobies, i want you inside me.Ive gotten locked inside the bathroom (which is hilarious once you escape, though it can be an obese persons nightmare) more than once, played back to back to back David Bowie albums on the juke without complaint or interruption, and have eaten spaghetti and meatballs here with my dog. If you ever want to get drunk with your mutt, listen to Tom Waits  Closing Time in its entirety, all while being bothered by no one, this is your pad everytime. forever.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,4/27/2008,86,77,1,11,9>It's no secret that people and businesses who have a passion for the planet make me swoon. I get a high off recycling and everything made with natural goodness. juju is an eco-girl's dream with beautification brilliance to boot! My hair has never looked or felt better and I can't wait to try all the spa services - massages, facials, and even a holistic approach to nail care! And completely warm and unpretentious to boot. I am very much smitten.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,4/25/2008,94,128,5,12,8>Doctor Cycles means business.  He's open on Sunday.  His shop is bare-bones, just bikes, parts and repair equipment.  But you know what?  He's a badass.  He used to be in the National Guard, but now he runs a bike shop because, well, bikes are way cooler (and because he's really passionate about them).  This guy is to cycling what Jeremiah/The Alley is to haircuts.  Like Jeremiah, he's a one-man operation, cheaper than the competitors (Trophy and Firehouse, I'm looking at you), and gives way better service.  He's incredibly helpful.  I stopped in one Sunday, with no money in my pocket, just to ask a few questions about the care and maintenance of my bike.  He answered everything and aired up my tires while I was there!  He wasn't annoyed that I came in without an intention of buying anything, and he didn't judge me for riding an old Schwinn - unlike the kids at Firehouse.  I'm now going to him for all my gear and repairs.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/24/2008,161,111,5,7,8>Nectar... what a wonderful place to go for a special occasion, whether it's for a birthday party, a milestone achievement at work, or just life in general. The place looks great inside and out. When you first drive into the parking lot, they have a complimentary (read: couple bucks tip) valet for your car. Inside, they have a great, detailed decoration of anything "asian" with a very nice ambience. You know what that means... you will pay for it on your bill. But putting that aside, you'll get the wonderful experience of great service and amazing food. A great starter was edamame and calamari. It tasted awesome, though the calamari was somewhat salty. Their rack of lamb was amazingly tender (medium rare is suggested), and since they were showcasing lobster dishes that night, I got a lobster/scallops dish which was also very amazing. The portions were pretty small, so don't expect to get too full if you're starving. A great drink to get with that is their specialty, the mango ginger martini, though I'm not really fond of ginger, so I just got the mango martini instead. It was pretty good and not too strong. Their bluefin toro was also good, but probably not worth 12.50 for the small piece. And since we were celebrating my friend's birthday that evening, they were nice enough to give a birthday cake dessert. Very sweet deal :). I'd give the place 4.5 stars, but since Yelp won't let me use half stars *COUGH COUGH*, I'll be nice and round it up. This classy place is definitely worth checking out, though not everyday since it'll give your wallet quite a hit.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,4/23/2008,19,75,6,5,6>Scoop De Ville is my favorite place on earth, and thus, gets 8000 stars if I could give them. They have every wonderful, fancy, fabulous desert ever here. And you can make your own flavor of ice cream/frozen yogurt every time you walk into the place. Or, like my bestie and I, you can get the exact same thing every time because you know you can't get it anywhere else [mine: chocolate ice cream with coffee beans and raspberries ground in.. to DIE for]. The staff here are lovely people who love their job [who couldn't?], and whether there's a line or not, you always get served pretty quickly. My advice: get up, go NOW!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2008,4/22/2008,18,63,12,7,7>I would have given the country's first zoo five stars, if not for the hoard of baby strollers present on this stunning spring day.  The zoo should have a maximum stroller count for entrance into the zoo, to keep the traffic down to just a feverish din.  Of course, my wife and I brought our daughter, so we were certainly part of the problem.  But, I guess, a crowded zoo is a vibrant, happy zoo....so why carp?   'Cuz I'm a curmudgeon, that's why.Apart from the Evenflow and Graco frenzy, the zoo was as impressive as ever.  Most of the animals were enjoying the great weather (save for the Giant Rats, which don't come out until dark....damn them!) and the variety our zoo has is terrific.  Baby lemurs hanging to their father's backs are worth the price of admission right there.  But there's so much more.  We even went on the swan paddle boats, which was great exercise until my wife got noivous and wanted out.  Truth be told, I was rocking the boat back and forth like some dope from junior high.  Can't take me anywhere.   If you haven't been to the zoo lately, make a date.  Weekday afternoons are probably the least crowded, with school buses driving away and the downtrodden still at their day jobs. Lemurs, elephant shrews, flamingos and cool new exhibits like Big Cat Falls and Squirrel Alley are just a few of the hundreds of reasons to see our animal friends.  Better yet, get a yearly membership and enjoy the rides and parking for free.  Worth it!ps---Squirrel Alley is not a real exhibit.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/8/2014,240,202,12,10,11>It was about two bites into my Village Burger, with a blend of cheddar, ketchup, burger juices and egg running down my hands (and a significant portion of my chin), that I looked over at my sister and answered the question she'd posed earlier:"No, I don't think I'd come here on a first date."See, I don't do burgers terribly often. So many folks just don't get it right. The meat's overworked, the patty to bun ratio is off-kilter, the toppings feel like an afterthought. But, on those rare occasions that I hear from multiple individuals (friends, family, and strangers alike) that Village Whiskey offers "The best burger of their lives".... well, when in Rome. A Monday evening with the little sister in town, we were still told there was a 30-45 minute wait. Then, we realized the bar had about 6 seats just waiting and, as it was full service, we promptly snagged our stools. No time for appetizers, and missy was not of age to partake in spirits, we were mostly just eyes on the prize. Meat. And lots of it. We each ordered a Village Burger with cheddar and, while she opted for the smoked bacon, I followed the wise words of Mike B. and "put an egg on it." We split some of those duck fat fries and, since Drake's explained to all of us that you only live once, splurged with the Sly Fox cheese sauce. Neither of us were disappointed.The wait was not long, the lighting warm and inviting, and the bartenders friendly (though, perhaps since we were only ordering sodas, nothing exceptional. I'm sure if we were in the market for some whiskey, that might be different). Upon the arrival of our burgers, we momentarily marveled at the height of the patties, wondering how on earth we would smash them down to a palatable size. Choosing the rip-and-chomp method, we divided and conquered our burgers, piece by glorious, meaty piece. Each topping was exceptionally done, from the Boston Bibb lettuce to the ripe, juicy tomato. Really, juicy is the word that comes to mind for this entire meal. It's the kind of meal that makes you wish your napkin came with two other napkins, the kind of juicy that results in finger-licking and bun-dipping. Unfortunately, unlike some reviewers, my egg wasn't particularly runny, but I'm sure that could be resolved with a simple request, and honestly.... I don't know if I needed much more dripping down my hands.For the two of us, including two sodas, the bill ran a cool $50, but I firmly believe it was worth it for an indulgent evening with the baby sister. Would recommend adamantly to all burger babes and bros looking for a meaty meal.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/7/2014,584,358,11,12,8>I love this place. I think I'm addicted to their wine. There's gotta be a name for that. Oh...wait a minute...shit.Seriously though, Moore Brothers is a great place for international wines.  I think they have some domestic wines, but small wineries from Europe seem to be their specialty.  They have a free wine table tasting whenever you want and the sommelier who served us and told us about the wines (soft spoken woman with glasses and knit hat), is excellent, friendly, and knows her wines.  She can recommend wines for any type of meal or simple sipping wines by itself.  I have purchased about 6 wines from the tasting table and each one hasn't let me down.  Not interested in any of the wines on the tasting table?  There are hundreds of other choices that they can recommend for your occasion.Remember the sommelier I mentioned with the knit hat?  You might wonder, "Why a knit hat inside?  Is she a hipster or something?"  Well, Moore Brothers have all their wine shipped at 56 degrees and that is what they keep the store temperature set to.  As they state on their website, Moore Brothers "...make sure our customers experience their wines in perfect condition.  From the minute a shipment of wine leaves the winery in a temperature-controlled truck until it goes "out-the-door" with a customer, the wine is in our care at 56° (13.3° Celsius)."  That's pretty cool if you ask me (no pun intended).  So when you're in there, even in the summer, be prepared for a cold atmosphere.I didn't know this, but after checking out their website, I learned they also have Manhattan and Wilmington, DE locations as well.  Check them out!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/6/2014,132,306,4,11,9>This 5 star rating is against its peers, and by that I mean fast lunch places.  Honeygrow wins on value, taste, cleanliness, service, ease of ordering and it was actually fairly fast.  I saw around 20 people ahead of me and was worried.   But between my ordering time of 12:27 and arrival of food at 12:35, I was impressed.  And I ordered a stir fry, which takes longer than a salad.Honeygrow's concept is simple, stir fries, salads and smoothies.  All are as fresh and as local as possible, which works for things like chicken and some salad greens, maybe not so much for bananas and pineapple, ha ha.I had the garlic and chicken stir fry and it was great.  They are not afraid to use the spice, which I appreciate.  It was hot and perfectly cooked, also.  You can customize anything on the menu too.  All ordering is via a touch screen, which is actually easy to use.  Great place, I will be back!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/5/2014,232,522,5,7,11>It's Monk's sister -- the quieter, tamer version of the bar downtown. And I love this place.They have outdoor seating available, and I've taken advantage of it on more than one occasion this summer. It's also a great place for conversation while sitting at the bar... because you can actually hear the people you're with, which is quite nice.Their menu is pretty much identical to Monk's, and that makes me happy. I always seem to go for the bruegel (bacon and sharp cheddar) sandwich option. Both the chicken and burger are top-notch, but the fries/sauce are out-of-this-world amazing.And, of course, there's the beer. So, so many great choices!Looking forward to many more good times here in the future.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/4/2014,35,535,5,10,6>I was here previously when it was Taqueria del Sol and inside, it doesn't look like much has changed with the layout or decor. It's still a relatively cheap Mexican fast food place where you stand in line to order and then your food is delivered to your table. The menu is a bit limited with tacos being the primary option, but they did also have burritos, salads, nachos, and the typical Mexican side dishes. We started with the chips with guac and queso. Guac was pretty good and queso had a bit of heat to it. I went with a chicken and a brisket taco--both which were delicious. You have the option of getting a corn tortilla but a 6-inch  flour one is the default selection. What I really liked about this place was the homemade specialty donuts and on this visit, I went with the lemon meringue, churro, and the bacon maple donut! Oh my...simply delicious and not too heavy. I would go back just for the donuts alone!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/3/2014,238,323,7,11,8>Usually when a place ends in "burger" I discount any appeal it might have to my vegan tastes. So when Tom M. said we'd go here for vegan milkshakes, I was quite intrigued.They have a bunch of vegan flavors (not just one or two) which is fantastic. When I came the first time, we got a "small" fries (for research, obvs) and it was fantastic. Coming in at $2, it was massively tasty, and they have a bunch of sauces to choose from, in addition to having ketchup and malt vinegar on the table (love!). So I came back the next day, to try out their seitan sandwich, which apparently rotates on the chalk board. It was delicious, if extremely filling (seitan will do that), and of course we had fries. 4 stars, will eat again (and again ...).Other deets: Cash only, art supplies at your table (to make your "sketches" of course), and you sit down at will and wait to be served, even though it kind of looks like an order at the counter place. Menus on the table by the wall.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,10/2/2014,76,150,10,19,14>Hop Sing isn't just a cocktail bar, it's an all-around experience.  Yes, the drinks are expensive, but you get what you pay for. Not only did I get an expertly crafted beverage, but also entertainment and a fun story to share about my experience there.  We made the (seemingly common) mistake of walking into the apartment building marked "1029" before realizing we weren't in the right place.  After consulting Yelp (thanks, guys!), we saw a photo of the iron gate and rang the doorbell.  Pro tip: make sure you plan something to say when greeted with "how can I help you?" so you don't blurt out something awkward like "can we come in?"  We arrived just after 8 pm on a Friday night to a fairly empty bar.  By the time we left around 10, there was a wait outside.  Plan accordingly.The drink selection is a little overwhelming but our server was more than happy to make a suggestion based on a favorite standard cocktail.  Drinks are good, and STRONG.Favorite moment of the night:  My sister's beverage came with a side carafe with the rest of her drink.  Before any of us realized who he was, Lee swept over in his perfectly tailored suit, whisked it off the table, swirled it around and dramatically poured the rest of her drink in her glass, walking away without so much as eye contact.  I couldn't decide if I wanted to laugh or clap.  But I loved it.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,10/1/2014,563,317,18,12,10>Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip.  That started from this paisan land, with the need for pizza on our lips.  Marty was a mighty wrestlin' man, Dan was young and brave, your author was not gluten free that day, his diet he did not save.  His diet he did not save.(Sound of thunder, lightning bolts...)Our hunger started getting rough, our stomachs they were growlin', if not for the righteousness of the Pesto pies, the tables we'd be chowin'.  The tables we'd be chowin'.Our group sat down on the chairs of this fantastic pizza place, with Arugula, the Margherita, and the o' so proper plain, our understanding of great pie will never be the same.  It'll never be the same.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/30/2014,828,1172,6,10,11>4.5 stars for some of the most innovative grilled cheese sandwiches in Philly and beyond. 5 stars for an incredible locally sourced cheesemaker that makes a number of their cheese creations on site. MeltKraft and Valley Shepard Creamery combine to form a double wallop of a destination that needs to be experienced inside Reading Terminal Market.With sandwiches like the Valley Thunder touting their 12 month aged cheddar with brisket and baked macaroni; and the Somerset touting aged Gruyere with cured ham, cornichon pickles, and stone ground mustard, they definitely know how to take it up a notch. Especially when you go for one of their creative monthly specials that pack on all kinds of flavors. Since I've needed to savor the melting capabilities of Raclette I decided to go with their Melter Skelter which also came with pickled green tomatoes and jalepeno peppers. perfectly savory for a vegetarian sandwich, but I added some bacon because its how I role. The end result added up to one incredible sandwich of cheesy proportions that I washed down with the perfectly suggested combo of Boylans black cherry and creme sodas. Along with the Valley Thunder, Melter Skelter, and Somerset cheeses that come in the sandwiches; Valley Shepard put together an incredible number of cheeses, including fresh goat cheeses and fresh mozzarella made on site. Noteworthy ones include the 8+ month aged sheep's milk Ancient Shepard, Oktoberkaas that combines cow and sheep milk, and More-Beer which is bad ass cave aged homage to the classic French Morbier.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/29/2014,293,115,9,30,25>What a great addition to the NoLib/Fishtown food scene. For all you pho and beefy goodness lovers out there, this is where it's at. I literally just ate the pho here for the first time and I thought it was delicious!The beef soup ($9) was flavorful, hearty, and simply yummy. I was slurping every last bit towards the end. I have no shame when it comes to good food. And unlike many pho places, the meats are extremely tender and wonderfully seasoned. For my fellow vegetarians, even the tofu in the mushroom pho melt in your mouth. Don't expect gigantic bowls because the mantra here is quality trumps quantity. I can see myself ordering two bowls one day though...just saying. But do order a glass of delicious authentic Vietnamese iced coffee ($3) along with your pho and you'll be in love.For being only opened less than a week, service was excellent. Everyone were friendly and accommodating. First time in my life I've eaten pho as I sat on a counter watching it being cooked right in front of my eyes. The passion, love, and care I saw in making the bowl of pho was just amazing. As If I was sitting on a small stool in the streets of Saigon but only in lot nicer setting (you know what I'm talking about if you've been to Vietnam). And for a small business (20 seats), they do accept cards. It's also BYOB so bring your beverages of choice. I genuinely recommend trying out Stock if you're a fan of pho. However, If you've been eating pho probably before you could even speak like me, try to come here with an open mind. For there are slight modern interpretations of the common pho recipe. Everyone can agree Vietnamese food is awesome and because of that reason, talented chefs are taking notice. So it makes sense how Stock came about. It's all part of the wonderful culinary evolution. Invest some time and check out this new Vietnamese restaurant, you'll be richly rewarded with delicious food!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,12/5/2011,69,164,1,12,3>I enjoyed my experience at The Wine School when I attended Wine 101.  Look at it this way:  If you are prone to dropping $40 in one night at places like Tria, why not spend a night here, spend the same amount of money, and learn a few things.  Samples were plentiful and the wine was very good quality.  The classroom is set up to look and feel like the lounge area of a bar.Our class was taught by Zack, who was great for this gig.  He was very detail oriented and quite knowledgeable about the history of wine.  He was clearly a big wine fan as well, which helps.  Even if you think you know wine, Zack will surely be able to give you some new information.  Just an additional note:  When I purchased the tickets for the class, I chose to go for the "discount" tickets.  The premium tickets offered customer support via telephone and the ability to reschedule your class.  I am really not sure what circumstances would have required customer support prior to Wine 101, so unless the rescheduling option really entices you, I would save the $10-$15.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,12/4/2011,97,271,5,6,5>What is wrong with you people? Last night was the Chinese New Year, so we finally bit the bullet and actually had a sit down meal here, after having their take-out at least twenty times. As usual it was pretty busy, even at one o'clock in the morning, but that didn't stop our server from providing great service and not making us feel bad for taking our sweet time. In honor of the new year (or something), we mixed it up by ordering some stuff that we hadn't tried before. First was a pot of their house special soup, a mix of wontons, meat and vegetables in the most delicious broth I've had in a while. The wontons were exceptionally juicy and just the right consistency to grab with chopsticks without the things totally falling apart. Even the pork pieces were prepared to somehow absorb a ridiculous amount of broth, so chewing on a piece felt like I was also chewing on broth. Amazing. One entree was spicy black pepper beef, which maybe could have had more beef, but also I'm glad David's cares that I get my serving of vegetables. The other was salt and pepper squid. Having eaten at so many mediocre restaurants lately, I can barely remember how to describe the sheer pleasure of enjoying something so simple and so novel (to me) and delicious. The boyfriend described it well when he said the coating tasted like a Lay's potato chip. I was in love with the chewy texture inside and crispy coating outside. I may never eat fried chicken again.The total bill was puny, like, $40 with tip, and we still had leftovers to take home with us.To recap: Excellent food, lightning service, courteous staff, reasonable prices, and open till 3 in the freaking morning (4 on weekends). Oh and they have a ginormous 3D dragon on one wall. With glowing red eyes. Awesome.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2011,12/3/2011,44,92,6,6,5>I resist change. Tampopo on jeweler's row was a staple of mine on those days when i was in the mood for a healthy lunch. I would always purchase the grilled salmon with brown rice. Worked for me. Then one day I noticed that Tampopo was closed and had been replaced with Bossam Bar. I walked by tampopo's replacement quite often, but was reluctant to try it. I resist change (see above). But one day, I left my lunch at home and wanted something on the healthier side. Not a ton of options in that regard.  Looked up Bossam Bar online to peruse the menu, which is a bit chaotic. There are what appears to be dozens of items to choose from on the menu. I narrowed my focus and went for the tofu veggie bowl with brown rice. Yes, the brown rice costs $1 extra, but my bowl was only $4.95 to begin with, so no biggie. I have to say, bossam may be nudging me toward the direction of "change is good." I thoroughly enjoyed my bowl. First, the sauce was savory and flavorful and not at all overwhelming. The tofu was pan-fried, i believe, but not greasy. and i liked the firm texture. The main thing I enjoyed about the bowl, however, was the addition of veggies. I used to just get three baby carrots and a broccoli floret with my order at tampopo. At Bossam Bar, I was presented with cabbage, zucchini and carrots. Exactly what I wanted! Sometimes, change can be good.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,12/2/2011,286,176,7,14,11>after a crazybusyfuuunnn thanksgiving weekend, i finally caught up on my zzzzz's sunday morning as i woke up around noon and didn't motivate off of my friend's couch until well past 2pm. by that time, nausea had turned to hunger, and my belly needed food...my head needed coffee.seeing as it was a chilly day, the belly was fed a piping hot bowl of tomato basil soup with rice. it came served in a giant bowl along with a sizable slice of sourdough bread, which i used to sop up every last drop of the soup. if you see this on the menu - get it!along with my hot soup, i enjoyed a hot coffee. (i repeat: chilly day.) no fancy latte or cappuccino for my hurtin head....just a straight up cup o' joe. i had the medium roast (nice that they offer this along with light & dark roasts) with vanilla soy milk (just ask, they keep it behind the counter) and it was simply lovely. bonus points for being fair trade.for some reason i was expecting a dark nook of a cafe and was pleasantly surprised to walk into such an airy, well-lit and spacious....space. tho nearly every table was full, it didn't feel crowded. no barking dogs or unruly children (or parents). if my vagabond lifestyle leads me to waking up in this 'hood again, i'll surely be back.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,12/1/2011,22,110,15,12,12>When I was eight I got my ears pieced.  It was a mess.  They were uneven, the stud went through my ear so diagonally that my mom made them pull it out and redo it.  I cleaned it meticulously.  It still got *really* horribly infected.  My doctor had never seen anything like it.  I was really sad.  It look me a long time to work up the nerve to get re-pierced.  Twenty four years later, I am a crazy-cat lady (not at all cool).  But I wanted to try again.  My husband had gotten his plugs done here (by Kyle).  He said they were meticulously hygienic.   So I went in.  I kind of expected to get judged.  This is a super cool piercing place.  And I am not super cool.  I'm about as horribly uncool as you get.  Kali was super nice to me.  Everyone was super nice to me.  I was an embarrassed, 32-year-old getting my ears pierced who was slightly hypochondriacal  and had lots of questions.  *I* would have laughed at me.  Also, the jewelry they have here is amazing.  They had some really, lovely plugs.  It made me want to get more things pierced.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,11/30/2011,132,306,,18,10>I literally stumbled into this restaurant because the lights were on and I saw people inside.  There was a sign near the front door which read. "opening soon" so I figured they had forgotten to remove it.  I asked the bartender and he said that the restaurant was in fact not yet open to the public and this was for friends and family but I was welcome.  I was very psyched!I started with one of their specialty cocktails, the Salted Plum Martini.  The bartender placed a martini glass in front of me that had cotton candy in it.  Wow.  He poured the concoction over it and of course it melted and mixed itself into the drink.  Wow.  It tasted great.  Wow.I ordered several small plates, foodies read here, others might get bored, ha ha!1. Stone fruit and charred kale salad.  Interesting combinations of flavors, the greens were heavy on the frisee, lots of parsley, lightly dressed.  Peaches and cherries, not very much charred kale, and it was a bit limp.  Not being critical here, just detailed.  It tasted good.2. Fluke crudo.  The fluke was super fresh but cut a little thick and sloppy, almost like a slice of steak.  The accoutrements were slices of grapefruit, radish, and olives.  Interesting combination, not sure if the olives enhanced anything, but I liked the dish.  I expected it to be ceviche, but it wasn't.3. Pork cheek with a batter crust on it.  Sauce underneath was horseradishy and tasty.  Pork cheek has a distinct flavor, and you rarely find it in a restaurant.  It was a tad overdone, since it was probably either deep-fried or pan-fried.  But on the whole, attractively presented with microgreens on top and tasty.4. Tomato "carpaccio" with burrata and olives.  More olives in my dinner.  My bad.  There were 2 or 3 different kinds of tomatoes on the plate, sliced thin and dotted with microgreens, olives, and oil and vinegar.  The burrata was on the side, and you could add it as you liked.  Overall, an attractive, modern presentation, but because the tomatoes were sliced so thin, I was left wanting more volume, more tomato.5.  Dessert.  OH MY GOSH.  It was like eating breakfast!!  Sticky buns with bacon ice cream.  The sticky buns, 2 of them, were double bite-sized, the ice cream was actually vanilla on top of a bacon slice, but I think there were a few bits of bacon inside the ice cream.  It also made the ice cream taste slightly smoky.  Maple glaze all around and candied and smoked pecans or walnuts, I forget.  Absolutely fantastic!The wine list has not been prepared, but one of the managers told me that it will contain 100 selections, almost all American, at various price points.  The cocktail list was very cool, many original creations.  I also had a glass of non-descript chardonnay that they were pouring, but like I said, the real wine list isn't ready.The service was well, friendly, not incredibly efficient, but they're not officially open!  The decor is sumptuous, it really looks like a big city restaurant.  The prices are a little on the high side, but not unreasonable for what you are getting.  The specialty cocktails range from $11 to $13.The main courses all look interesting, they even have steaks on the grill, so you can keep it simple.  All the steaks I believe are less than $40, and some are less than $30, which makes them cheaper than the fancy steakhouses in Philly.Give this place a shot, it has great potential.  I was hesitant to give it 5 stars, but I was very pleasantly surprised, so it's worth it.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2011,11/29/2011,170,347,7,5,2>Voyeur is so sketch, but that's why you're here, right? There is no reason to go to Voyeur if any of the other bars are open. Voyeur is the spot you head because it's 2 in the morning and you haven't managed to drink yourself into a blackout yet, or because you haven't quite convinced the cute blonde in the cowboy hat to come home with you just yet. It can be stupidly expensive to walk in the door, but keep an eye out for bartenders giving out wristbands earlier in the evening to get a discount. Or if you've got boobs, just tell them you want to pay less. Why this works at a gay bar I have no idea. The main dance floor is usually playing house and is loud and full of people on ecstasy. They are entertaining as long as you don't mind being groped as you make your way to the bar for a drink. If you mind being groped under any circumstances you maybe shouldn't come here. There's a slightly quieter back bar on the main floor. Downstairs has kind of a loungey feel and is where you should take your too-drunk-also-crying friends to calm him down. Also if you lose someone and can't find them anywhere they are probably making out with someone on a barstool down here. Upstairs the line at the bar is usually shorter, and along the sides you can watch the main dance floor from above. The entertainment value is high. On the second floor the back room is usually playing hip-hop/rap/whatever the kids are calling it these days and there is more actual dancing (as compared with the vaguely rhythmic drug-fueled writhing downstairs). So what I'm saying is, something for everyone.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,11/28/2011,110,111,12,5,7>The long and narrow walkway, the tiny tables pushed up against the benches, the entryway that barely fits the hostess and a few patrons, it's all part of a ruse. It's some sick, inside joke.It has to be. Think about it. They lug out your Ole 96er burger topped with a fried egg, bacon, and cheese as well as an order of duck fat fries. You briefly wonder how many ducks it takes to fill the vat of a deep fryer before sinking your teeth into your burger. The employees sit back and watch as your belly visibly expands to touch the edge of the table.Bloated and defeated, you try to leave but can't get out of the table without pushing it away. You're a little too top heavy now and have difficulty negotiating your way down the aisle. The diners waiting for your spot have to exit the establishment just so you can get out. Between pants, you thank them.Meanwhile, the staff silently laughs as the same folly plays itself out over and over again. Sure, it's a little embarrassing but, if you're alive the next day and your credit card hasn't been maxed out, you can enjoy just how good that burger was. You might as well live it up now because who knows how many years that meal just took off your life.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,11/27/2011,439,341,6,13,10>With Love Park ushering in truck after truck of lunchtime treats on a rotation ranging from Far From Home (RIP) and Guapos Tacos to Sweetbox and The Cupcake Lady, it was only a matter of time before the rushhour power people of Penn Center were awarded an A.M. coffee truck to ease them into yet another work day.After much anticipation from posts on Twitter and Foobooz, the newest kid on the block Rival Bros. finally pulled up in the park to start serving up their four blends to the cofffee craving community. Whistle & Cuss, Palooka, Revolver, and Featherweight are the standard blends available on the daily by drip, handpour, or by the bagged bean to enjoy at home. Don't worry, as far as I know you can still get your Americano, Latte, and Cappucchino. I'll confirm that at a later date, today I was all about a black Revolver.Cream or sugar? No thanks. I don't know the history of the plants, I don't know fancy brewing techniques, and I only recently learned what a peaberry bean is from a barista in San Juan, I do however know that the better the cup of coffee the more unnecessary it is to cover its flavor with cream and sugar. Sure, light and sweet may be a personal preference for some, but the Revolver was perfect without any "fluff". Piping hot, smooth, full flavored with hints of cocoa, this little cup of coffee packed a major "punch" (don't get it? check their logo) and was the perfect start to my morning.From what I read before heading over to the truck this morning, the two guys that run this mobile operation are better known as the executive chef of P&K (Jonathan Adams) and coffee connoisseur via La Colombe, Damien Pileggi. Now I don't know about all of that, but these down to earth guys know what's up in bringing their business within a stones throw of my office. With a seriously sleek looking truck, great coffeeshop tunes, and a solid cup of coffee, you better get yourself over to Love Park before the secret's out about the newest member of the Philadelphia food truck takeover.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,11/26/2011,527,295,5,6,8>Crazy stuff in jarsBut not a house of horrors;A Philly must-seeOn the surface you might think that if night at the museum was a horror movie it would have been shot here. The Mutter Museum isn't in your face gory or disturbing though, more so educational and tactful.The Mutter is a go-to spot whenever I have people visiting from out of town. I'm not one to hit up the art museum for each new exhibit, and I don't really get down with anyone who is. This is a great compromise when you don't want to spend a ton of money but don't want to wander aimlessly around the city either.Despite its small size, the Mutter Museum packs a ton of random, strange and sometimes creepy stuff into that space. Walls of skulls, jars of hands, wax models of STD-ridden faces and skeletons with all sorts of afflictions. More fascinating than some silly Rembrandt or other nonsense.Best part of the Mutter is it's proximity to Center City. My suggestion: take some family or friends here for the afternoon, re-group in Rittenhouse, head out to dinner and try to forget the things you've seen before your appetizers hit.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,1/10/2010,115,317,7,8,8>I'm totally into SSS.  Good authentic Greek food.  My roommate is 100% Greek and loves this place.  They have take out or sit down, and you can't go wrong with either.  Sandwiches (gyros, kebobs, etc.) are only $6 and definitely fill you up.  Try the flaming cheese appetizer too... it's warm gooey goodness served with pita bread.I like the no-BS attitude of the place.  The sign that reads, "Help Wanted: Experienced servers only, don't waste our time and yours" is classic.  So is "If you can't control your children, don't patronize our restaurant" printed on the menu.  You get the feeling the owner serves great food and doesn't need to charm the pants off you.Snag the table by the window if you enjoy South Street people watching.  It's a fabulous pastime.P.S. Beware of the sneaky sodas - they are only $1, but no free refills.  Just because they refill your same glass doesn't mean you aren't paying for another soda!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,1/9/2010,51,191,6,5,6>I'll readily admit, I'm the Colonel Klink of German Bier-Hall expertise. My German acumen is accumulated from seeing Germany (in Busch Gardens & Epcot)..as well as Otto's in Horsham, Ludwigs here in Philly..and watching hours of Hogans Heroes. So, I am obviously more than qualified to comment on Brauhaus Schmitz.I am giving them slack, as I am desperate for authentic, good German food and beer in Philadelphia, and they are still fine-tuning.We had the Sauerbraten and 3-4 half-liters of various biers. The Sauerbraten was dry, yet the spaetzle and sauerkraut were terrific. The service was quick, the atmosphere very good. We were told the wait for table was 30min, 15 min later, we were seated. We enjoyed the music (although barely audible). The beer selection is great, and rotates. The wait staff knew their stuff on food (although they need to bone-up on their beer knowledge..for us clueless on German Beer). Gotta hit the Brats and Goulash!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,1/8/2010,27,47,5,11,5>Just read about this place last Friday though an RSS and went there for lunch today. I got two chicken tacos and a Super Chill Root Beer (the kind from Acme machines). The chicken was moist and well marinated and accompanied with salsa, cilantro, cheese and guac on a soft shell. Each one is $3.50 but two for $6.00. Tom also has breakfast tacos available at $2.50 but he only had one left and some girl wanted it. The coolest thing about this has to be the fact they serve stumptown coffee from PDX. This is the best coffee I've ever had... and I have had great coffee... 100% pure colombian cocaine style coffee. They brew it french press style, my favorite. And what else would you expect from a cart that has a certain gleaners barrista worker running the show?
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,1/6/2010,223,241,21,17,14>Okay, let's be honest... she was ghetto.The chef was loud and ghetto and, considering that she was the only person in the kitchen, we were more than a little concerned that while we waited for our food she was chatting with people at the bar.  Miraculously, as if she'd spent years honing her ability to chat with customers while allowing the PERFECT soul food dinner to simmer, she served our food quickly and it was DE-FRIGGEN-LICIOUS. I mean, for real y'all--it was good.  We both ate every last drop from our plates.  Together we ate: fried whiting, greens, mac and cheese, yams, and a slice of white bread.  The price was reasonable (I think under ten bucks each... but he paid and I forget).  Don't expect fancy... the food is served in styrofoam whether you are staying or leaving.I would recommend this to anyone, and am so happy that it is right up the street from my house!  Oh, and the place is primarily a pretty decent looking bar with the game playing on several screens.  I can't attest to the cost of drinks.Elena, you're my new best friend in Philly.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,1/5/2010,49,99,,22,9>I cannot recommend this place enough. Dr. McKinstry is an amazing vet and person.About 8 months ago, I got my first pet; a birman kitten named Miley. I took Miley to Dr. McKinstry for our regular shots, etc and I was really happy with their service. The office is quite busy but everyone is so warm and friendly. They seem to actually care about you and your cat. Plus, the resident snowshoe cat Sebastian is awesome!A few months ago, Miley got sick and was diagnosed with FIP; a pretty nasty, deadly, and untreatable disease. Dr McKinstry helped us cope with the diagnosis and really spent time laying out what we could expect. How many vets who are that incredibly busy take the time to really explain everything?Miley fought FIP really valiantly until this last week. The infection spread to her brain and she went pretty crazy. Poor girl. Dr McKinstry was really accommodating in finding time for us. Yesterday, Dr McKinstry and I discussed Miley's status and decided it was time for her to go. I could not have asked for a more perfect end to Miley's life considering the circumstances. Everyone there was SO nice to Miley and I and made the process as perfect as it could be.If you take your cat to Dr. McKinstry, you can rest assured knowing that your cat is getting the best and most loving care available.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,1/4/2010,51,94,9,11,10>"Rocket Cat! Rocket Cat! Is a niche! How many hipsters can resist?"The answer to that? Just step inside. If you are a resident to the Fishtown/Kensington hood this will be one of your independent coffee shops of choice. Being one of the only out in this art revival scene of the Northeast part of Philly. There aren't any Starbucks or other coffee chains besides a Dunkin' here and there but if you want to be able to get free wifi and finish that report due this friday goodluck b/c this part of town lacks that besides the trendy Northern Liberties......but who really has five bucks for a cup of organic cat pooh coffee that is hand-washed by Virgin tears, then blessed by the Tibetan monks before being flown over seas by Nordic Gods flying flaming chariots being pulled by singing cranes? Rocket Cat is a nice middle ground for fair coffee in the middle of a sprawling neighborhood of artists, families tied in ethnicities of all nature. One of the key things I like about this part of town. It still holds to it's roots and if you look beyond the hate, thugs, and crime that hang around here, there is a beauty to this relic. Most of the neighbors, even some you wouldn't expect are friendly. Yes, Rocket Cat, may have some clientele that resemble some you've seen at Chapterhouse or the Green Line or Last Drop with their self-importance attitude but where there's fair trade coffee and vegan cookies; there's going to be some douchy people lining up. One of the great things about Rocket Cat is it's space. It's very wide and plenty of room to stretch out. No worries of tripping over someone's laptop charger or over-hearing obnoxious conversations of some really cool house party no one cares about. Plus you can sit at the counter, much like a bar and get up-close service. Most the baristas are friendly, especially if you get to know them. Just start a conversation and you're bound to get a decent response from them other then some places where you'll get..."Uhhhh... I'm sorry but I only talk to people that look like American Apparel models and know everything David Byrne ever did" Sometimes you might wait awhile for service but it's still worth it and it adds to how this is truly an independent establishment and not some mass-transit machine chain like other coffee places. Just come in, chill, read a book, and take a deep breath of some Northeast Philly comfort.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,1/3/2010,245,509,6,6,4>Okay so my friend and I had been craving fried chicken. We were going to go to Meme for their thursday fried chicken special, but I'm a white girl who likes white meat. Meme is all about serving dark meat. So off to the terminal we went firstly for the amish festival ( fresh hot donuts.....mmmmm donuts....sorry to steal your lines homer) and then for the chicken. They give you a piece of cornbread with its own zipcode. I took mine home and fed the small family living in my closet. No, but I did eat it for lunch the other day. Then you get to pick a side. We both wanted coleslaw, but they were out which led me on coleslaw craving for three days! I finally made some homemade which was killer!I had stringbeans which are the good kinda canned tasting with bacon! Which I like as a treat every now and then. Sarah had the mac and cheese which is that casserole kinda mac and cheese. Lacking cheese flavor and crunchies. It was just kinda blah. Hard to believe Delilah went on the food network with that.The chicken was moist and juicy and just greasy enough. We satisfied our fried chicken craving!Then we got the hell out of there because we both had memory lapses and went to the terminal on a saturday during the amish festival and I nearly killed a few children.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,1/2/2010,115,34,6,12,8>Cupcake Faceoff: Brown Betty (Rittenhouse) v. Naked Chocolate (West Philly)Bottom Line: Brown Betty is the victor! Round 1:  BB's Chocolate with Coconut Cream Cheese Frosting v. Naked's Chocolate Peanut ButterI am a Naked Chocolate cupcake veteran, but this was my first trip to Brown Betty.  Although the daily selection at BB's Rittenhouse satellite location was limited, their narrow focus seems to have resulted in a keen attention to high quality.  The BB cupcakes are huge, with a large "muffin-top" (like a Seinfeldian dream); I might prefer them a bit smaller.  However, the chocolate cake on this specimen was truly delicious.  It was dense, moist, and full of flavor, tasting just like homemade chocolate cake should.  Although the combination of cream cheese frosting with coconut was a bit jarring (I think my palette expected buttercream), it came together well. I have had Naked's PB & C cupcakes before, and this repeat experience reminded me what disappointed me last time.  The peanut butter frosting is intensely peanutty and delicious; in fact, it tastes exactly like the creamed PB, butter, and sugar mixture that forms the basis for peanut butter cookies.  However, the chocolate cake base was a serious failure.  It was fluffier and less dense, but it had a very unpleasant bitter taste, and lacked the luscious flavor of homemade ingredients I found in BB's cake.  That bad taste in my mouth was almost overcome by the generous swath of peanut butter ambrosia, but it suffered greatly in comparison to BB's masterful chocolate cake. Winner:  BBRound 2: BB's Carrot Cake v. Naked's Carrot CakeA true head-to-head, this one was a close call.  The BB cake had a thick layer of truly delicious cream cheese frosting, topped with walnuts.  Naked's cream cheese frosting was sparser, but also good, and was garnished with carrot slivers.  The BB cake itself was denser, as are all of its cakes, and it was a lighter-colored batter with less seasoning.  It had a pleasant but pronounced citrusy flavor, and was filled with large raisins.  The Naked carrot cake was darker, moister, and more boldly spiced, with a wonderful nutmeggy taste.  I like a dark, moist carrot cake chock full of goodies, and the BB cake didn't have quite enough going on. These were both delicious, and I hate to choose, but I think the Naked cake wins in my book based on the more flavorful spicing of the cake.  Winner: NakedRound 3: BB's Pound Cake with Chocolate Frosting v. Naked's Vanilla with Strawberry FrostingWhoa...I'm full...final report on round three coming later!Update:  I noshed on the BB chocolate-frosted vanilla pound cake cupcake this morning while driving down the Schuylkill on the way to work (such risks I take in the name of dessert).  I tried to wait until I got to work and it had time to warm up from its overnight refrigeration, but I only made it as far as Montgomery Avenue.  Now THIS was a cupcake.  Dense, moist vanilla pound cake with a very delicate crumb, and a homey chocolate buttercream in just the right quantity.  The cake was infused with a mysterious complexity of flavor I could not decipher, perhaps aided by some sort of subtle liqueur.  It was wonderful.  I have had the Naked strawberry vanilla cupcake before, and there is no way it is going to be this good (though I am sure I'll still eat it tonight...).  Their strawberry frosting is delicious and fresh-fruity tasting, but the bland, generic cake just doesn't put it in the same league as BB. Overall winner:  Brown Betty!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,1/1/2010,37,78,6,7,6>I've walked by this place many many times, but finally browsed the shop this weekend. I was greeted by the bookstore cat (and am now convinced every used bookstore needs a cat), so I fell in love with the place then and there.But there are plenty of other reasons to love this place: first of all, the books are actually organized! By genre and author! I've been in too many places where this isn't the case, and despite the slight claustrophobia of Bookhaven, they've got their stuff in order. A friend commented that in a place with such a huge selection, you sort of have to judge a book by its cover. The books here are reasonably-priced, sometimes available in multiple formats (hardcover and soft), and are in good shape. You won't find a "used" book splattered with ink and stains, but you will find a good deal on that book you need for Yelp book club (Confederacy of Dunces, $6.50! That's even cheaper than the used options on Amazon....so for once I actually bought a book in an actual store).I'll be back many times, not just to say hi to the cat.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,12/31/2009,129,194,10,12,11>Oh Art in the Age, how I love you. I'm sure that it helps that I'm a big book nerd, and have read the Walter Benjamin essay (for which it's named) about 50 times through college and grad school. I'm also a sucker for great old buildings with original plank floors, killer thematic design, and those kick-ass visible filament light bulbs they have hanging from the ceiling by thick cords. But that's just what it looks like. Add unique t-shirts (I'm dedicated to last season's $10 bin), beauty products made with essential oils, this leather purse that I have been DYING for (if you go there and buy it before I find it on sale I will hunt you down) and little dresses I'm lusting after, and you have a guaranteed winner. To top it off, these folk know their liquor. The first opening I went to involved drinks made with Hendrick's Gin - swoon! The bartender even set a strip of lemon zest on fire before casually tossing it in my drink. And now they have ROOT, a locally made, delicious liquor that is like birch beer for grownups that like subtle and complex flavors. And liquor, of course - it's 80 proof. As Bill points out, Art in the Age can easily break the bank, but I just can't stop walking in the door.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,11/25/2011,29,89,5,9,5>After months of construction, Yoshi has finally opened. At this point, my anticipation was running so high they could be serving neatly wrapped stones and I'd probably give it a good review. What they do serve, however, is frozen yogurt and sushi. The frozen yogurt is the same as in most other asian style frozen yogurt places. They have the basic tart flavor and many others. Yogurt plus toppings is 49 cents/ounce so expect to pay around $4-5 for a decent portion. I thought their topping selection was above average. There was a good selection of fruit and candy items. I think the fruit had previously been frozen, but no biggy. The sushi is the real item of conversation here. It is individually wrapped nigiri and rolls which is pumped out of a futuristic machine in the back. I must admit that the concept of mixing and matching a plate of sushi to my tastes was refreshing. The environmental impact is probably staggering, but I guess not too different than eating individually wrapped pieces of candy. There was a strange boost of confidence in the food that came from the sealed plastic wrap considering the dank surroundings of the suburban station concourse. The on-display, human aquarium kitchen also looked very neat and clean. I will also say that the staff is very nice and seemed excited to be open. This place is probably more of a 3 star joint, but I think they deserve credit for trying to do something fun and creative and it's nice to see a cheery establishment like this in the wasteland of Suburban Station.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,11/24/2011,67,146,9,17,5>I'm going to say a few phrases, and you tell me which don't belong together.  Ready?   $20 pedicure.  Clean, up-to-date nail salon.  West Philadelphia.  Was your answer "none of these go together"?  Because that would have been my answer too, before this morning.  Turns out we're both wrong.  Diamond Nails is just like one of the better Center City nail places, except it's less expensive and less of a schlep.  They have a nice variety of colors (including plenty of Opi and Essie), friendly nail techs (who take their time!), and plenty of ancient magazines for all your celebrity trash needs.  The pedicure chairs have the requisite back massager things, and they even take credit cards (but tip is cash only).  They also do shellac manicures ($23) and waxing, if any of those are your M.O.This place is exactly what UCity/West Philly needed.  I may never need to cross the bridge again.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,11/22/2011,121,362,1,9,8>"I am drunk on the spices," said my guest. Wow. IndeBlue was fantastic. Granted I have only tried Indian food a few times I was in 'yummy heaven'. We had the (6) shrimp koliwada appetizer ($6.99) to start. I loved the shrimp and it was served with a sweet chili-mayo sauce that had a taste best described as a creamy orange aoli. Methi Murg ($17) with chicken, methi, onion and cashew along was a good portion, enough for me to bring home. The cashews were not solid, maybe pureed. My guest had the Non-Vegetarian Thali Sampler dish that came along with crispy naan to dip in with small samples of two entrees and three sauces. It is perfect for someone who has never had Indian or someone who likes the idea of variety. Of course we shared and both of us were equally impressed with each other's dishes. For dessert we had 1 scoop of mango and 1 scoop of banana chocolate walnut with a drizzle of fudge. The ice cream was homemade and overall, slightly above average. Nonetheless a perfect way to end our meal. The service was as equally impressive as our dishes. The restaurant was busy (after 6pm make a reservation) but we never felt neglected. Our server knew the dishes and was able to answer questions. We walked out with a menu for delivery.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,11/20/2011,4498,831,2,5,4>The lovely wife and I are in the middle of a typical homeowner nightmare.  The dreaded kitchen remodel!  We stopped in here last night to deal with some of the lighting issues.  Like many folks we love to patronize local businesses when we can.This is a wonderful place that's been around for decades.  As expected we received great service.  A note to shoppers; if you want the cheap stuff head on over to Home Depot.  These folks carry top-of-the-line lighting solutions.  This is a great place for beautiful lighting.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,11/19/2011,162,175,3,6,6>I have decided that I don't feel like riding my bike to work this week, so I'll take the subway. I do what I want. Unfortunately, I had about $0.30 and a button in my wallet, so I needed to stop at an ATM. One Shot is usually where I'll stop, but they're in the process of moving. A friend mentioned going to Coffee House, and I pass it all the time. Why not?It is adorable inside. A complete respite from Girard Ave. I ordered a hot apple cider, and took out some cash. The barista was really nice (and cute!), and friendly with the customers. The cider was good, especially on a cold morning.I'll definitely come back.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,11/18/2011,263,68,2,9,4>I had a fantastic first-time dining experience at Sampan a couple nights ago. When I entered the restaurant and the dark dining area with bright blue lit walls, I was immediately drawn to its trendy, romantic ambiance. This is a great place to bring a date, the dining areas have an intimate feel. You can also sit at the kitchen bar and watch the chefs create their delicious dishes. The menu consists of several categories served tapas-style (small portions, meant to be shared). I was dining with a finicky eater who would not eat seafood or veggies. Yeah, tragic... So pardon my review on the limited selection I was able to order.Korean BBQ Beef - phenomenal. Best dish of the night. Tender, melt-in-your-mouth, impeccably seasoned beef with a little kick from the ginger and kim chee.General Tso Soup Dumpling - great new concept, but I didn't get much of the "General Tso" taste, just chicken and ginger. Still good.Pork Bao Buns - pork is crispy and sweet on the outside and tender on the inside. Accompanied by basil, shallots, and chili sauce to create a rockin' party in your mouth. All this wrapped up in cute little bao buns.Filet Mignon - incredibly tender and juicy, I was cutting it with my fork. Not too much seasoning to overpower the simple awesomeness that is filet mignon. Comes with a mustard hollandaise sauce. Not even necessary, though it is quite tasty. I used it with the fries, which are crunchy and delightful.Kim Che Fried Rice - only dish I that made me say "ehh." Not too much flavor, nothing special about it.Prices are pretty reasonable for the area. I'd say about $40-$50 per person. I'll be back for frequent visits. This place rocks!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,11/17/2011,59,547,3,6,4>A bright Interstate sign illuminates this great little new spot from an otherwise unremarkable block.  I stopped in the other night to check out what it's all about.The Interstate Draft House is a beer bar/gastropub rendition by the owner of the late Azure in Northern Liberties.  Great craft beer selection is combined with pub and Mexican food.  The atmosphere here is great; it's really cozy, dim with candles along the bar.  A medium sized wooden bar runs half the length of the building and gives way to a dining room in the back.  Good music plays in the background until the Phillies come on.  And I love when bars play the sound for local sports casts.There's on HD TV over the bar, and a chalkboard will the current beer selections.  With the exception of the prices noted on the beer list (and this is a welcomed inclusion), many details are reminiscent of Memphis Taproom.  I say this with a note of admiration.  I was hoping this new spot would have a lower price point, but let's face it: Fishtown is expensive now.  This place, in price and a lot of other ways, it right up there with Memphis and Kraftwork.The staff here is attentive and friendly; more so than I expect.  I did visit while the business was quite new, but these guys still seemed genuine.  For the menu, there are a few options that sound great.  The one downside is that the mains and all sides are separate.  First, ordering a burger and getting just that on a plate is disappointing; somehow just wrong (fries are a right, not a privilege).  Second, a simple meal can inflate to almost $20 with a main and a side.I ordered the Cubano, and this was a traditional representation of the delicious pressed sandwich.  No complaints here; good ingredients, with special props to the spicy mustard.  Rachel ordered the quesadilla and was happy with her order.  The real treat was our order of fried plantains; sticky-sweet, perfectly cooked, and overall delicious.  The might not be the best food to go with beer, but I'm happy to order them anytime nonetheless.I like to write a lot when I visit spots and I doubt most anyone reads the whole thing.The Bottom Line: I like this spot, it will thrive. I hope that it can keep the neighborhood feel and not get overrun.  Interesting beer lists and a tasty, albeit a bit overpriced food menu will keep the folks coming again and again.Cash only at the moment.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,11/16/2011,198,334,4,8,6>What can I add to my original review? Well for starters it is every bit as good as I remembered it to be three years ago (has it really been that long?... I can't wait that long again). In the time in between my visits Chef Solomonov has racked up the accomplishments, James Beard winner, Iron Chef appearance, Food & Wine mentions and many many more well deserved accolades. We came here for Restaurant Week and it was worth it. They basically give the same as their regular tasting menu for basically the same price (regularly it is $38 per person) so there is really no excuse to not try this place other than you can't snag a reservation!But even great food can be ruined by bad service Luckily we had the fantastic and knowledgeable Okam to guide us through our dining experience, even though we ran into a few snags, like they were out of one of the fish dishes, he quickly came and let us know so we could order an alternative as well as an additional item for the inconvenience. Now that is great service! Who doesn't love extra food?! On top of all this he chatted with us and gave up some great tips for places to try next. My recommendations for food - get the crispy haloumi. Before even considering other things order that. Then move on to the sweetbreads,. Really give them a try they are some of the best in the city. Also try the chicken livers (I am not a liver fan, but my two dining companions raved about it). There really was nothing we tried that we did not like and between three of us we got to sample & share just about everything. Save room for dessert and get the halva mousse. It was so rich, but light and so amazing.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,11/15/2011,250,550,8,8,10>South Philly Taproom is one of those spots that my friends always mention and I feel left out of the conversation. I hem and haw about how its located in South Philly--obviously--and I am usually not down there and blah blah blah, I have heard good things, whatever, one day I plan to check it out...Guys! I can participate in the SPTR lovefest now!I stopped by with a friend on a recent Friday night. The low-key atmosphere and immediate availability of a table created a good first impression. Service was attentive and remained so throughout the meal.For a place with "taproom" right in the name, I kind of expected to be impressed by the brews; I was not, but the selection was still more than satisfactory. A decent variety of beers were on tap, though it was mostly limited to beers/breweries that are widely available in Philly. (The bottle list could be deeper, but that is not really an issue.) Plenty of spots go to local brews. Prices range from $4-$7.For appetizers, we started with "Mexican construction worker" headcheese tacos ($1/special), because everyone loves getting brain. We also ordered a half-dozen oysters with a Dogfish Head Festina Peche sauce ($2 ea./special), because [another innuendo]. The tacos were prepared in a manner that might calm the nerves of any diner squeamish over the prospect of consuming headcheese. The oysters were perfectly shucked and the Festina Peche sauce subtle but complimentary.For entrees, I chose the fried chicken dinner ($12/special) and my dining companion opted for the tomato lager soup & grilled cheese ($9/regular menu). Not usually a huge grilled cheese fan, but the three cheeses piled on Texas toast-like seasoned bread was killer; the tomato lager soup I liked, but found a bit too booze-y. Came with a side salad, which was a side salad.New paragraph for the fried chicken! ('Cause it earned it.) This fried chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. Perfectly seasoned & crispy skin, moist & flavorful meat, just a real treat for my mouth. That would be good enough but it was also served with cornbread (eh), the porkiest/unhealthiest/most delicious collards in the world and mac & cheese that would be the envy of anyone's mama. If you go to SPTR and see fried chicken on the menu, GET AT IT.South Philly Taproom was a great experience on all counts. Even though its out of my way, I definitely plan to return here.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,11/14/2011,182,603,3,14,7>I had an absolutely fantastic meal at Sbraga.  Top Chef Kevin really knows what he's doing.  You can see him all night working in the kitchen running the orders.  I started with a glass of Gewurztraminer at the bar while I waited for the rest of our party.  Bonus points for serving that wine by the glass, it's one of my favorites and hard to find at Philly restaurants.  The tasting menu is the way to go, unless you just want to order something at the bar.  After we ordered, we each received a delightful brioche muffin filled with cheese and truffle.  It was awesome.  My first course was the sweetbreads.  I don't usually order sweetbreads, but I figured I'd give it a shot, and they were really tasty and crispy, served with a lemony sauce and roasted tomatoes.   Second course was the arctic char with a hollandaise sauce.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and I was really happy with the option because I've loved arctic char ever since I had it at Le Bec Fin, and I don't see it offered too often.  The sauce was perfect as well, buttery and lemony, but not too heavy.  Third course was the meatloaf with bacon marmalade.  Again, super delicious.  Bacon marmalade belongs on everything.  A certain food blogger friend should consider replicating it.  The meatloaf had some Italian seasonings, and was very flavorful.  Also, the mashed potatoes that came with were creamy and delicious.Fourth course was the cheese plate.  I probably should have written down the names of the cheeses because they were perfect.  They came with two pieces of toast and a fig cake that tasted like the inside of a fig newton.  Service was stellar as well.  There was some kind of issue between our first and second courses so they knocked a few drinks off the bill.  I understand that things happen, and I appreciated their pro-activeness to rectify the situation, and when we left the waiter kept apologizing about it and saying he hoped we would be back.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,10/18/2013,82,112,6,8,6>Juju is officially my fav salon of all time! I love it. I'm so glad it's in Philly. Yes, I guess I can share it with you. It's just one of those establishments that I momentarily hesitate to review because I totally want to go back and don't want to wait weeks to get my hair did! There is much to like about Juju: the products, the organic hair color, the staff, the cozy, eclectic decor, the little dogs running around, the music, the tea, and, overall, the laid back vibe. Oh, and my hair hasn't looked this good in a while (maybe ever)!I initially was attracted to the salon for it's organic color services. The great part about organic color? It actually kind of smells good when it's in the foil seeping into my strands. I don't feel like I'm in college and dumping a box full of chemicals on my head. This is one of the two salons in town who offer organic color, and I love this one quite a bit!I had my first appointment with Jill, who gave me a great overall demi-permadent color along with an expertly placed purple streak...I just really like where it landed among the more intense brown color that I was seeking. I loved the way it turned out!So, I returned this week for the same service + a cut, again, with JIll. One thing I really like about how she approaches hair is that she doesn't assume anything. From the get-go, we took some time to look at swatches, we talked color duration and saturation, etc. I can ask tons of questions and it's cool. In this second color + cut service, I felt very comfortable with letting her do her thing. And my hair turned out great! All of this week, I've received so many compliments on my hair (and fools be trying to talk to me on the street?!). Whoot! I've been living in the city for just under a year and it feels so good to have found a salon!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,10/17/2013,81,131,2,8,5>I chose this place for breakfast last Sunday over Springfield Diner. Boy, am I glad I did! Parking was a breeze thanks to the tip from Steven B. The lot next to Hoopty's is your best bet. It's also a huge plus that this place is in Havertown. For me, anyway.Anyway, M and I rolled into this joint in our Sunday best (sweatshirts, old jeans, the works) and were seated immediately. Our waitress was cheerful, prompt and never overbearing. Gotta love that. I went with a short stack of the banana pancakes (a la Jack Johnson), a side of bacon and a side of homefries with onions. I knew I would never be able to eat it all but I wanted it. All of it. M got a scrapple, sausage, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on a long roll (heart attack waiting to happen), with a side of homefries. The homefries were DELICIOUS. They were crispy and tasty and just... delicious. My pancakes were also cooked perfectly. For some reason, diners around this area tend to use weird yellow mystery pancake batter, but Havertown Grille's pancakes were nothing like this. They were fluffy and brown, just like they should be! The bacon was also cooked perfectly as well. M highly enjoyed his breakfast sandwich, and he is hard to please. Overall, this place is pretty awesome. I am speaking purely for their breakfast menu, as I have never tried any of their lunch items. Service is friendly and welcoming, the place is clean and everything was tasty!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2013,10/16/2013,189,352,8,7,6>Guys, guys, guys--- I think I have a beer garden at my house. It has a patio space with tables and chairs, it has lights strung around, we have jenga (not yet tattooed with all the phone numbers of guys who have large "members") and we definitely drink beer out there. The only difference is that if you come over my place, the beers are free.*So maybe that's why I like this place. It feels like someone's patio. Mine. Except I don't have to clean up after anybody. And you can ask them to turn down the music blasting from the boombox when it's Tuesday night and it's only you and your other alcoholic friends there and they'll be super nice and do it. The beers aren't crazy expensive. They take your credit card instead of just cash. And they literally served the best chicken tenders I've had in a LONG time. They're really chicken breasts and they've got this magical fried honey bbq coating that was great.It's a nice little spot but there are other beer gardens that trump this space. But I still like it's coziness! * Thank God Yelp does not give out my address.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,10/15/2013,36,265,6,14,7>Tenderness.  What *is* tenderness?  My online dictionary just told me it is "soft or delicate in substance; not hard or tough".  I say it's Fitler Dining Room's beef cheek.I swear to you if I could have cut through this large hunk of meat by simply blowing at it through a straw had I not feared embarrassment by my dining mates or so thoroughly enjoyed utilizing the fine French-style steak knives provided to the table.  THAT is tenderness.  Associated seasonings, veggies were perfectly suited.  Order this.Beausoleil Oysters.  Smallish but do not let that deter you.  Enjoyable by both oyster lovers and non-oyster lovers alike.  Very delicate and enjoyable.  Not fishy or overly salty.  You get six per order and you'll want to slurp them all yourself.Also tried some of the fluke, some of the skate.  They do beautiful things here with species I catch myself on a little old boat down the shore with my dad.Service was EXCELLENT, wines were limited in number but well priced ($9-12/glass) and if it's a nice night to sit outdoors do take advantage.  Worth the trip if you live outside a 4 block radius, and worth multiple if you live within.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,10/14/2013,48,198,7,6,6>it's loud inside and my voice got hoarse from YELLING all night, but i'll take temporarily sounding like a phone sex operator in exchange for a bar that actually allows for personal space. we had no problem fitting our party of eight in comfortably on a friday night. this place is huge and has two key elements: clean bathrooms and a vast selection of beers (they're not always all available, but regardless, you'll be able to find something you like).the byoc(heeseteak) sign: cute. apparently they're still working out logistics to have rotating food carts come in to provide food, but if you're desperate, there's a hot dog cart operating in the meantime.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,10/13/2013,212,160,5,10,10>Melodies used to be Milkboy, and it has pretty much stayed the same. And that's good.This cafe reminds me of the place I used to work at when I was growing up in Hershey. Live music, comfy sofas, and art all over the walls. This place is totally unpretentious while remaining very solid. No snarky Philadelphia baristas here. And they made great cappuccinos and lattes. Like, legitimately good. Extremely picky ex-barista of 7 years talking here, people. They know how to make a good cup of coffee. Please tip them.As of right now their menu is the same as it was when it was still Milkboy, but they'll be adding new items in the very near future.One complaint--what the hell is with the TV? It's muted and out of the way so it's not particularly distracting, but it's ugly and serves no purpose. Just my opinion.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/12/2013,90,533,6,3,3>Ever since Pizzeria Vetri opened, I've discovered the following:-they're conveniently located right in the path of my evening commute home-parking is difficult, but not impossible-on slow days, it's about a ten minute wait for a pizza-the margherita pizza is delicious, even as takeout; the basil doesn't wilt, and the mozzarella cheese is to die for-thin crust is definitely my jam-I can eat an entire pie by myself, and still want another one.I've found my new bad-day-at-work-comfort-food takeout, and I hate myself for it. (Thanks a lot for making me fat, Vetri.)
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,10/11/2013,212,160,7,9,5>So I bought a trio of tomato plants, four brussel sprouts, a squash, an eggplant, and a bell pepper plant from two local spots and a Lowes, busted my hump digging out a garden and planting the greenery, and sat back waiting for my bounty. It's about two weeks later and I feel proud of how great things look so far, or at least I was, but then I looked into my neighbors' yards. It turns out the neighbor behind has the same setup going that I do, and directly next door is just rocking tomatos, only they got theirs from the Secret Garden, and on average every plant is three times as big as their counterparts in my yard. Neighbor behind started earlier and indoors, so that explains a little, but next door started a week after me and so there can be only one conclusion: better stock.Today I stopped over the to check out their uber plants and was won over instantly. The store is entirely outdoors, and it felt like I was shopping in someone's well cultivated back yard garden more than a gardening supply shop. Flowers, shrubs, trees, water plants.... Everything the enthusiastic yard worker could dream of, and for a very affordable price.I picked up a cherry tomato plant (technically two), a habanero plant, an extremely tall tomatillo sapling, and six double string bean pots, all for $9. I felt I did so well that I also decided to splurge for a $10 dwarf fig tree, and they, seeing how amateur I am and how close to dying the tree already was, gave me a 1/2 price deal. These days, $14 for all that I got is a huge steal. I'm committed to the runts I got from elsewhere because they've already soaked in enough of my blood, sweat, and tears, but come next year I know where I am getting all of my foliage.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/10/2013,585,298,12,20,11>I am on a soul food binge, so get out my way! I came here or on a tip from a fellow Yelper and I'm really glad I did. I was driving in West Philly looking for this restaurant because I didn't have an exact address. I'm driving down 60th  Street and lo and behold,  I saw a really big black guy in a apron standing in front of the restaurant. In my mind I was hoping this was a place because looking at him, I knew I was in for a treat. When I approach the restaurant, the big guy said "you look hungry and this is the place to be my friend". Pinch me.The restaurant is newly decorated, and the spot was so clean it actually shined. There were two attractive young ladies taking orders at the counter and they were very very pleasant and personable. They handed me a menu and I told them I wanted to try the fried chicken. The big guy said I should order the breast, it came boneless and it was very large. Who I am I to argue? I ordered collard greens, mac and cheese and potato salad to go with the chicken.  The big guy said it would be ready in 10 to 15 minutes.  They have a big flat screen TV in the waiting area to keep you company until your food is ready but what caught my attention was a row of individually packaged slices of homemade sweet potato pie. So I grabbed a slice to eat while I was waiting for my order. The pie was delicious not too sweet and definitely homemade with love. The food was done and after talking with the young ladies,  I paid for it and headed home to eat. The big guy was right the chicken breast was huge, crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. and zero bones. The greens were flavorful and tender, the bake macaroni and cheese was delicious, and the potato salad was really old school. The meal came with a huge hunk of freshly baked corn bread that could have been mistaken for a dessert. It was high and fluffy with a hint of sweetness.  All in all it was a pretty impressive meal, sometime simple home made foods are the hardest to pull off these days. If they continue to consistently put out food at this high level, they will blow up! The prices are reasonable and it's worth the trip from wherever you're coming from.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,10/9/2013,94,100,2,6,8>I have never had a good experience with French Cuisine, which to most must seem very odd and strange. But ultimately it is the situation dealt to me. However, for the first time in a long time I was pleasantly surprised by Bibou. Of course I went for what everyone seems to be going for which is the classic Pieds de porc au foie, with a Steak Tartare as appetizer. I loved how the chef did not try to cater to anything remotely close to an American palate, and even has his wait staff make sure they give fair warning it is a "fatty" dish. While I would say it wasn't as fatty as I had thought it might have been, it would certainly be considered as such to the uninitiated. However, the dish accompanied with mung beans was a perfect contrast of texture. The place is certainly a very cozy, warming, and intimate environment. With the wait staff attending to your every need, one almost feels the chef is cooking for his close friend and family in the kitchen rather than for a large group indifferent customers.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/28/2014,851,144,13,15,14>Another farmers market to add to my love of local business owners & farmers sharing their goods and produce. In the heart of the historical City of Brotherly Love, this quaint market is a little gem. Located in Society Hill neighborhood, the Headhouse Farmers Market is open on Sundays.Approximately 30+ vendors showcasing their goods in an open air, covered colonnade. An assortment of items ranging from flowers, ice cream, wine, cheese, meats, baked foods, farm fresh produce and more joined together in a harmonious gathering for all things goods. On the outside of the covered structure belies The Heart Food truck serving b/fast  & lunch sandwiches made to order, a lemonade stand with a variety of flavors and under a canopy there was a Mexican inspired food stand, Los Taqueria serving quesadillas & tacos.The only downside was the narrow aisle and people having to squeeze by each other. Other than that a good time was had with eating an early b/fast, sipping on freshly squeezed strawberry lemonade and buying cheese, wine, chicken sausage, peaches, blackberries, chocolates and corn on the cob....Am I returning??? Who really needs to ask that question........ How many ways can I say Yes, Si, Oui, Ja, Ndiyo, Da, and Hai.......... get the point!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2014,10/27/2014,4498,831,10,34,23>OMG tapas in little Havertown!  Did California fall off into the ocean?  Does the sun still rise in the east?  A few years ago this would have been unthinkable but now this new place has been warmly welcomed by the community.  We encountered a few bumps in the road last night but enjoyed ourselves and we'll be back.The lovely wife and I waited until the grand opening jitters and chaos had hopefully died down and last night was the night.  We called ahead and rolled in about 6:30 and were seated immediately.These folks are a BYOB and, if you look at the website, they also have a cocktail mixer menu.  So you can bring along a bottle of rum or tequila and make yourself an interesting drink.  If you don't know that when you visit, you certainly should be told about it so you can plan your NEXT VISIT.  Unfortunately it's not on the menu and it's not on a card displayed the table.  You finally see it as a little note in the credit card folder as you leave.  That's the wrong place and needs fixing. (Bump)Last night we ordered-Kobe Beef Tacos ($10)Crispy Smoked Chicken Chimichangas ($8)Smoked Duck Quesadilla ($9) Serrano Ham Wrapped Scallops ($14)Street Corn ($3)Unfortunately it was only day two for our young waitress and Kobe Beef Tacos somehow translated into Roast Pork Taquitos ($9).  We were disappointed but when they arrived we decided to keep them.  (Bump)So the Taquitos and Chimichangas arrived first and they were fine.  When it comes to great tapas I'm expecting an explosion of flavor in my mouth and that didn't happen for either of us.  They were tasty enough but nothing special.Now things took a turn for the better in a big way.  The Duck Quesadilla was a HUGE HIT.  As others have said this is a delicious dish bursting with flavor.  Next came the Scallops and were HUGE HIT again.  Scallops are a favorite for the wife and she smiled with every bite.Last up was the Street Corn.  OMG!  This is a perfect example of a flavor explosion in your mouth and the best $3 you will ever spend!Last night several of our tapas were served on giant plates and that's unnecessary and I don't think impresses savvy diners anymore.  Large plates and small tables don't go together. (Bump) Maybe they can use them at Edgewood.Speaking of small tables, they are narrow and extra long here so you are seated too far from your dining partner. This restaurant is noisy so you need to raise your voice to have a conversation.  Now it gets really weird.  The seating is so tight that you are actually closer to the guy next to you than you are to the person you came with!  With everyone raising their voices, plan on listening to your neighbor discuss the details of his recent prostate exam!  This issue needs to be reexamined.  (Bump)These owners have been very successful with the Edgewood Café and they also have a history of responding to the desires of their customers.  I can't wait to see how this place evolves over the coming months.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,10/26/2014,393,710,3,14,9>I finally got taken to Lolita after the upgrade (i had never been before) by my wife and we had an awesome meal.I don't think the she knew it when she made the reservation but there was a special running that night cochinita pibil (mexican slow roasted pork dish).  With that said, it seemed that the staff and the menu was really in tune with people with allergies/dietary restrictions.  The menu also contained a number of options for vegetarians as well as omnivores.For our meal, the pork came with pork belly fried rice, black beans and a slaw.  The standout was the pork because it was really tender but had a nice crust on the outside.  The sauce on the pork (maybe made with achiote) was just perfect because while the meat had a good fat content, the sauce had a sour aspect which balanced it perfectly.  The black beans seemed like they had been cooked for a few hours (maybe with some bay leaf) and were creamy but still held together.  The rice was a bit of a letdown but didn't spoil the meal at all.  We took home leftovers for a very reasonable price.Our server and her trainee were extremely sweet and helpful at answering our questions and accommodating my wife's allergies.  Any place that treats its customers with that kind of respect gets the nod in my book.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,10/25/2014,91,116,9,11,8>Get the carrots!  These are not the "Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses? No?  Well then finish your carrots or you don't get dessert!" carrots from your youth.  These are the kind of carrots that once finished, you shed a small tear because you think the deliciousness is over......but it's not!  Of the small plates, the beets and the sweet potato are also quite lovely.Medium plates?  Octo all the way!  I wanted to take a bath in that congee.Large plates?  If you are deciding between the pork shoulder and the lamb, go pork shoulder.  It was incredible and I found the lamb to be a bit dry in some areas.Dessert?  Despite finishing (read: devouring) my carrots, I didn't get there *sad face* Maybe next time (and there will be a next time).
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,10/24/2014,331,353,13,13,13>Fat kid check in.  This place is hopping - but we still managed to find a seat.  You may have a better chance during off hours because once it hit 6, there was a line out the door.I went with a simple Shake Shack burger because why mess with perfection.  The beau decided to shorten his life by a few years and went with a double bacon.  And milkshake. And fries. I did have a bite and can't say I wouldn't trade a few years just for that pepper relish.  Ok, that is a bit of an exaggeration, but god damn that relish is tasty.I don't see this location slowing down anytime soon.  Not sure I will make it a must on every visit because I value my arteries, but good to know they are there.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,10/23/2014,308,271,23,12,8>We were two young single gals, all tarted up for a Saturday night on the town, cruisin' for dudes.After scoping out the scene at a few other bars we were feeling like Goldilocks- one too empty, one too crowded, one too small...Finally we scored the perfect scene when we walked into Ashton Cigar Bar. A classy, spacious room chock full of handsome fellows. The chick-to-dude ratio is highly favourable here, from a single gal's perspective. I'm not a cigar smoker but the smoke didn't really bother me. This is a good place to come if you're hoping to get picked up by an older, wealthy gentleman.The bartenders left a little to be desired. After we finished the bottle of wine we ordered to share we decided to get a cocktail before we moved on. I asked the bartender to make me something with gin and told him I like citrusy drinks like a gin sour. He made me some frothy pink concoction that was frankly a little embarrassing to drink, and overly sweet. Nothing like what I had asked for. It's a good thing he was cute.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/22/2014,339,82,6,9,9>Yup, it's a tourist trap - but so what!?   They serve delicious ice cream and if you're not in a hurry why not slow down & enjoy the yummy goodness.  Do you like exotic soda?  They make their own syrups and they have flavors like rose, lavender & violet - come on now, where else you gonna find that? I'm greedy when it comes to ice cream so I always get the medium. It's a great size if you are going to get more than one flavor - which I always do.  Their green tea ice cream is amazing, get plenty of napkins if you plan on having it served in a cone.  The service is friendly, I love the cuteness of the place and the long line does move pretty fast.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,10/21/2014,94,180,5,7,6>Far and away the best part of the Forrest Theater is that no matter where you're sitting, you'll have a clear view of the stage. There are no pesky columns or large bannisters, and rows are staggered significantly so nobody's head is in your way.  On top of that, it's a beautiful old theater, worth visiting just to check it out. We were here last night for Book of Mormon, which was as wonderful as everyone claimed. There were only a few frustrating aspects of the venue - one, it was really hot. Granted, with a full house and sitting near the top of the old building, I sort of expected it, but I think they still could have turned the air up a bit higher. Two, there are not nearly enough bathrooms to accommodate all the ladies during intermission.  I bolted as soon as the lights went on (highly recommended strategy) and managed to be at the front of the line, but there were only 3 stalls on the second floor and so pretty much everyone else was not so lucky.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/20/2014,56,101,1,10,7>A small, quaint little cafe with solid food.  The place itself is very small - I'd say roughly  20 people for dining at capacity.  So I would not recommend groups larger than 4 for this place.The ingredients are all local. And you can taste the freshness, especially in their sausages.  That is their speciality.  I got the brioche Benedict and my wife got the 2 egg, bacon and sausage platter. While I enjoyed my meal, the portion was a bit small.  The brioche bun for the Benedict seemed like a slider brioche.  I also got the truffle fries.  Very strong truffle flavor, which was good!  The potatoes were hand sliced, but it was a bit thick.  There was a truffle omelette and truffle burger available on the menu - so I will definitely try one of them on my next visit.Eggs were typical. Ordered it as over medium, but it did seem a bit runny.Our server Nina was extremely nice and extremely attentive. The staff ensured our coffees were never below half full.The food did take awhile to come out, so don't expect this place to be as fast as say, a diner.  But presentation is great, food tastes good, and the whole experience is overall decent.  It also happens to be a BYOB, which I did not take advantage of at 11am.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,10/19/2014,134,241,4,4,4>For a first time run at the restaurant Biz, the owners have hit a grand slam here in Havertown. I'm quickly becoming a regular because of the fantastic atmosphere, the outstanding service and the exceptional food. The fact that I can get here in about 3 minutes and I never have to fight for a parking spot? Icing, baby. Icing.I've been here for dinner, drinks, and lunch a few times. I love the cocktail menu but they had me at "sazerac" and I've never looked back. The full bar is impressive though, and so glad to see a bottle of Sailor Jerry for when I finally break out of my sazerac mode.The food has been fantastic across the board. I love the pizza and I appreciate the personal size. I have had a few but the parma is probably my favorite. The mussels are on the small side but don't let that stop you from ordering -- so flavorful and delicate with plenty of broth and chunks of Chorizo. Great flavor and a must try. The daily specials have also been a hit for us. Yesterday I got to try the sizzling pork -- slow roasted tender shredded pork in a personal cast iron skillet with a perfectly runny egg on top. This was actually my husband's order but it was on the spicy side so I nabbed it and let him enjoy my fried chicken sandwich. We both ended up happy and stuffed. There is no better food to be found in Havertown. I've been here almost all my life and I say that without hesitation. Next time you crave great food and don't feel like hauling ass into the city, don't bother -- it's right in your backyard!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,7/24/2011,314,288,3,8,8>Delivery was here in 30 minutes. Ordered everything online and included specific notes- all of which they followed. Food was hot and flavorful.We ordered General Tso's tofu (soft tofu, breaded lightly and fried in a sweet sauce with chili peppers), Bean Curd with Eggplant in Garlic Sauce(eggplant was perfectly cooked), and Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetables (we're so exciting, right?)The tofu in the latter two dishes was exquisitely prepared. Sure, it's just deep fried bean curd, but you can tell they really press all of the liquid out of their blocks. The tofu comes out crispy and chewy and awesome. Sure, it's pretty oily, but hey- you're the one who ordered takeout Chinese food.Definitely recommended for the Society Hill/Queen Village area.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,7/23/2011,279,288,8,8,8>I applaud New Phnom Penh for the consistently good Cambodian noodles. I have yet to walk out of that place disappointed!Today's perfect weather allowed the restaurant door to remain open, accommodating the steady flux of customers. It was perfect inside: the chatter, the small television, the delicious aromas -- it felt like...home.It was pretty warm out so I opted for dry noodles, which come with a small bowl of broth; perfect for dunking my fried bread sticks! The noodles were just as tasty dry as they are wet.I'm already looking forward to my next visit. I truly can't recommend this place enough.BONUS: The 47 bus that takes me back to Center City picks up right outside the restaurant.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,7/22/2011,26,134,5,5,7>I don't often review the standards, but hey yesterday was the first time since last year I went to the Prince.Well, BIG BIG BIG news!!!  Rather then a overtaxed window AC in what seemed like every other window they had installed central air (no doubt to go along with the centralized video monitoring system!)  Cool comfort wafts over the Princes palace making it even more desirable as the epicenter of steakdom in Philly.The better half wanted a hot dog and Steve does em - a wonderful roll with good toppings but my preferences are more for a garlicky kosher style or other tasty dog, hopefully one that snaps when you eat it rather then the fine but very mild dog that was very good but not dog nirvana at Steve's.Rather then a steak we shared a cheeseburger, the first time we ever tried one here.  Just excellent.  Just 2 minor complaints.1) Cash only (ATM is just 1.65 though -not a total rip but a rip none the less.2) Pepsi, not coke.There is one place better then here and it's all the way down Oregon by 95.  Kind of far from the Jenkintown area. Passyunk ave?  That's where politicos, locals, and right wingers find their mediocre steaks.  English, Russian, Spanish, or 10 varieties of Chinese everyone who knows knows to visit the Prince!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/21/2011,311,132,6,6,2>This place is so good, it's ridikolus.Hands down the best soondubu in the city. Go all out and get it level 5 spicy unless you are a pansy. Food comes out fairly quickly, but while you wait, feast yourself on the vast array of side dishes. Once it arrives, crack in your egg, and go to town on that shiet (but don't get too excited, the soup is hot as balls). Perfectly spicy, perfectly flavorful, and the rice is perfectly crispy around the edges of the bowl (for eating with tea after you finish - yum!).Eating here is great on a cold winter day, and ironically, it's also great on a swelteringly hot day. Basically just go.**Sidenote: Whenever I come across this corner, my heart feels desperately torn between stopping here to get my soondubu fix, or heading across the street to Cafe Soho for some awesome chicken wings. And then I discovered that sometimes BOTH is the best choice!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,7/20/2011,212,160,19,23,17>Caves to spelunk, vines for the swinging, cliffs to jump, G.P.S. treasures to hunt, trails to trek, creeks to fish, ford, and launch your dead pet's funeral boats upon... Wissahickon has it all. Thick with lush vegetation and active with local wildlife, from Valley Green's resident flocks of fowl to Wissahickon transfer center's opening day waterfall fishery, this park is a prime destination spot year round. Whether you're horseback riding, biking through the hills (with permit), skiing down the ever prevalent slopes after a snowfall, or just ambling along on a warm spring constitutional, you'll not find a more beautiful and natural place in Philadelphia. As a Roxborough native, this was practically my personal play pen growing up, but even fresh faces will become enamored. Next time the sun is out, grab your comfy foot gear, forage for a walking/beat off the crazies stick, and get back to nature only minutes from center city, just watch out for those horse apples. There are also cool historic things back the Crick (how I've always referred to it), like an old time paper mill (still operating for touring purposes), the finger bridge and covered bridge, a statue or two, some ancient looking ranger houses, and informative plaques randomly scattered throughout.Some of the Public Parking:maps.google.com/maps/ms?Some (but by no means all) spots worth checking out:maps.google.com/maps/ms?
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,7/19/2011,41,110,3,8,9>The Tower is one of my favorite venues.  The shows I've seen here have run the gamut from popular (Phoenix) to comedy (Jon Stewart) to cult favorites (Ween), and I've never had a bad experience with parking, security, or the crowd.This venue is the perfect size.  You're never too far away from the performer, and yet, it's big enough to give you a real concert feel.  Furthermore, everyone gets their own seat, so you have a place to put your purse and designated dancing space.  You can take public transportation or drive, and parking was free at Saturday night's show (I'm not sure if this is something new, or if the lot has always been free).  But my favorite thing about the Tower is the simulated stars on the ceiling.  They even took the time to recreate the Big Dipper.  Despite the area surrounding it, the Tower is straight-up classy.  Bravo, Philadephia.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,7/18/2011,128,16,12,17,13>Ladies, when you move to a new city, you know as well as I do it's hard to find a stylist. Well...a stylist you trust. I was faced with finding one last year when I moved to Philly. Not only did I find an awesome stylist, Roberta, but I found someone that I can refer ALL of my friends to. They have only come back with rave reviews. I have to say the haircut and color Roberta gives me, gets me weekly compliments from randoms. I also think it's safe to say it gets me laid. She highlights my hair in a way that I don't have to go back as often because the roots blend with my natural blonde hair color. She is one of 2 that have ever given me color that allows me to wait a few more weeks before I should be going in for an appt. She also does the back of my bob with a razor. Love the way it stacks. Besides the awesome hair I walk out with every appt, I actually like hanging out there. The girls are super friendly but not tooooo friendly. You know what I mean? "You're dating who, omg let me tell you my life story blah blah blah...."Point blank: I haven't/won't go anywhere else in Philly.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,7/17/2011,73,90,10,5,5>To bartender John: don't be afraid.  I am indeed a horrifically bitter and spiteful Yelper, but you and Watkins are nowhere near my shit list.  In fact, I had a better time watching Top Gear with you Saturday night than I've had in a long time.No seriously.  We went to Watkins for the first time (having been meaning to try this new neighborhood establishment since it opened) on a Saturday night.  Was delighted to find out happy hour is a 7-days-a-week thing there - finally a bar granting its patrons happiness for an hour on weekENDs too!! - and sat down at the bar.  Top Gear was on right in front of us, which boded alarmingly well, and there were some great locals brews on tap (especially great at the $2.50 happy hour price!).Ate a bowl of chili with every meat known to man in it.  And it made me feel like a bear.  A lion's bear.  A wolf's hyena's wolverine's lion's bear.  DAMN it was good.  I did have to send it back to be warmed up, but that's just cause I'm a picky b-tch who likes her meat real hot.Also tried the special that night: Wild Boar Jambalaya.  Oh.  My.  Lord.  It was amazing.  Actually might be the spiciest I've ever tasted food in a restaurant (minus my overly-Srirachad pho).  It was intensely heated, meaty but with the lightness of unhindered tomato.  So good.AND there is pool.  AND there are darts.  I don't think you can get better than that.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,7/15/2011,286,176,6,9,11>spoiled by the royal. yup, that's what i am. see, i've tasted the liquid magic that is the royal bloody, and all bloody marys i've had since have in turn been the recipients of such remarks as "it's good, but not royal good."bloodys are a relatively new thing for me, and i don't claim to be an expert on what they should or shouldn't taste like, tho i will say i enjoy the super spiciness (including the spicy pickle garnish) and overall consistency (thick & chunky, in a good way). not sure what vodka they use, but they're definitely not skimping on that key ingredient!along with my bloodys, i often (but not always...) order brunch. the breakfast burrito is a personal fave (also, HUGE) and i recently enjoyed the tater tot scramble as well. eggs + tots + cheese + caramelized onions + chipotle cream sauce = awesomeness. and, as the queen, i would know. the royal is also one of the few places in philly that offers vegetarian sausage (and fakon) which, at 3 bucks for 3 patties, i can't pass up. so far i've only made it to the royal once for dinner (shame on me), but it's only a matter of time before i'm back for more of their veggie offerings - as they offer so many! the vegan sloppy joe rocked my flavor world and while i'd be tempted to order it again, i wanna try the tempeh club, the grilled cheese, the hummus platter, and so much more. oh wait - i did also get to taste the royal's take on the vietnamese hoagie at our last elite event where they provided their sweet potato banh mi. me want more!!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,7/13/2011,84,382,4,8,4>The Frozen Mint Julep here is delicious and quite boozy for $5. The rest of the beer and drink list is pretty awesome. I recommend the Abita Purple Haze if you like fruitier beers. This was great on a hot night. Pig popcorn definitely warrants the vast praise. I didn't expect it to have such a kick. I could eat this 24/7. Can I bring some to the movies?!As an amateur lover of barbecue, I really appreciated that they distinguished between the sauces and styles of barbecue - the vinegary North Carolina, mustardy South Carolina, tomato based Texas. I'm partial to NC, and doused by perfectly made pulled pork sandwich in the sauce. Topped with coleslaw this sandwich was GOOD. And the side of sweet potato fries were yummy. Can't believe this used to be such a divey place. Major props to the renovation and we'll be back.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,11/8/2013,308,271,6,13,7>This is the best thing to ever happen on Washington Avenue. And the worst thing EVER for a diet. My gym membership is going to have to start pulling double-duty.E and I drove over on their opening night and had no trouble finding parking on this deserted stretch of Washington Ave. The wait was considerable, but you could see everyone hustlin their hearts out back in the open kitchen, and everyone had a smile on their face. The longer you wait, the more time you get to deliberate over the pastry cases. If you don't get a butterscotch blondie, though, just slap yourself in the face right now. It is possibly the most delicious blondie I've ever had, and I would even rate it higher than a fudgey chocolatey brownie. So rich, moist and sweet. I'm ashamed to say I ate almost all of it even after binge-ing on pizza. E only got a few bites. We also got an oreo marshmallow (just what it sounds like, and it was great!), and a maple vanilla pecan fudge. That thing was ridiculously good, too.As for the pizza, I can say they've got our  business on lock for quite some time. The gluten-free crust is house made, not a frozen pre-formed tragedy, and I really enjoyed its texture. Slightly fluffy in the middle with a great cornmeal crunch on the bottom. The pizza sauce is perfection and they use good pepperoni. We also got a regular large white mushroom pizza. I had 2 slices of that... Good God it was so good. Super garlicky, tons of exotic mushrooms, and an excellent crust. This place rules. Long live Kermit's!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/7/2013,331,353,9,11,11>Hellllllooooo new favorite salad place, welcome to my heart...and my tummy.I have a love/hate relationship with salad.  I love it, but most places consider iceburg, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, and red onion to be a salad and those are all things I hate.  Here, you don't have to worry about finding any of those.  They have fresh veggies, perfectly seasoned and you can get as many as you desire (over 3 and they charge you).  The grilled veggies were tasty and warm - I love warmed veggies on a cold salad.  The cauliflower had just the amount of spice and the carrots were great too.  Can beets ever be bad?  Taking a cue from Allison B, I went with the Lemon Tahini and was super happy.  The girl who helped me gave me a little smile as if to say "You have chosen wisely".  This isn't my first time at the salad rodeo.My lunch buddy got a side of the falafel just to give them a whirl.  I wasn't a fan since they were a bit dry, but everything else was great.  The 2 salads+drink+falafel came to $22, which is on par for these parts.  I also left full, so maybe they have gotten better with their portions.  As we go into fall and I try to undo all of the bad habits that come with summer (bbq's, beer, ice cream, etc.), I have a feeling that Agno is going to be part of my weekly routine.  As all others go East for their salads and such, you should go West.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/6/2013,22,118,1,8,6>I wish I had discovered Uzu when I still lived in Philly. This BYOB is super small with a total of 2 people working (one person serving, one making the sushi). The inside has a really intimate feel, but we sat outside. Because there are less than 5 tables I would recommend making a reservation. My group of 4 ordered a variety of rolls and they were beautifully displayed on this huge, impressive platter. The man who served us (he seemed like the owner) was super appreciative of our business and really made us feel welcome. The whole experience was really pleasant and I would return in a heartbeat.And the sushi is excellent, of course.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,11/5/2013,85,109,4,6,6>Hey now! This place has to be putting out the best Jewish deli food in the area. I already loved this place but a couple weeks ago I asked them for a half corned beef, half pastrami on grilled rye with Swiss and Russian and it was quite an experience. Not exactly on the menu but they were happy to do it.  I'm hoping they'll start calling this The Joe. I thought of that sandwich this morning and mentioned it to a friend and she wanted one too (she wants to go back tomorrow and get three to split between the two of us).  This time we added cole slaw which added a sweet crunch to the best sandwich I've ever had. The grilled crust is where all the flavors come together. I might dream about it tonight. Try it, you'll like it. And please refer to it as the Joe special.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,11/4/2013,88,407,9,10,9>I seriously love the Falls Taproom. It's in my top 3 fav places to hang out. Here's why:1) the staff: all of the bartenders and the owner are super friendly people. I'm a believer that the staff of a restaurant can go beyond pure efficiency to elevating a restaurant experience with their personalities. The staff here gets this just right. They always remember you, they are very knowledgeable about their product, and they are also efficient. 2) the beer: you can tell that they work hard to keep a creative and interesting beer selection. Even us beer snobs who grow weary with lists that should impress people because we've had everything on them will find something new and interesting here. The highlight for me was a calvados they had on tap. A little pricey at around $14/glass, but believe it or not, totally worth it. (The other beers were priced where you would expect; this was just a special beer) Their bottle list is also very good. 3) cocktails: they have a great whiskey/bourbon/scotch collection, and they know how to use it. Also, from Wed-Sat they have an upstairs bar space they call "the Attic," which serves amazing craft cocktails. I had the Eastsider, which they made with house-made cucumber-infused gin. The prices are actually very low for the quality of the cocktails they're mixing up here. Our check for 3 came to $26! The bartender, Joe, was also great to chat with. 4) the food: I've had brunch here and loved it. I had the french toast with the housemade sausage, and thought it was great. We had also had snacks there one night, which included the cheese board (seriously, don't miss this) and the potato pancakes. 5) X-Factor: they were putting food out for a stray kitten. I'm not making this up. Eating at the Falls Taproom saves kittens. I have never written that in a Yelp review.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/3/2013,241,333,,4,6>Authentic Mexican for this area. I am spoiled by the amazing Mexican food in San Diego and LA after living in SoCal for 6 years so I am always a bit hesitant to try Mexican anywhere else. We gave it a shot and we were thrilled! We started with the tamale - spicy, creamy, so good. For dinner, I had the chicken taco and carne asada taco. The chicken was moist and the carne asada was buttery and flavorful. My husband had the burrito. It was HUGE. The pork was perfectly cooked and the enchilada sauce on top was the perfect addition. I will definitely go back!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,11/2/2013,238,323,6,9,6>+10 for everything-1 when they actually play grindcoreI love love Grindcore and can't believe I haven't written a review. They are so wonderfully nice, the food is great, they have Vegan Treats desserts, there's lots of seating/I've never left because it was too crowded ... omg.So my favorite (because I love breakfast) is coming here for breakfast and getting a bagel with (vegan!!) cream cheese. They have lots of flavors of cream cheese, such a treat when I have plain bagels everywhere else! They make great lattes as well and not judgey at all when my husband comes in and eats cake for breakfast.The back room has an open anarchist library (honor system I assume) and is just flipping awesome. Generally has an art exhibition on the walls. AND the staff brings your food/drink out to you, which is just a really nice touch compared to other coffeeshops. However, if you do come here to freelance/work on things during the day (sometimes my case) sometimes they DO actually play grindcore, so be warned and bring headphones if that would bother you ;)
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/1/2013,150,393,1,25,9>This is one of my favorite establishments in Philadelphia and probably one of the first I would recommend looking for a great meal or a date night. I've been coming here for years- the first being a restaurant week date night when I was dating my husband. Over the years I've visited for numerous special occasions including Valentines day, birthdays and anniversaries. It's hard not to come back for these occasions- if you sign up for the VIP club they send you anniversary and birthday offers each year.Another notable thing about Bistro Romano is the happy hour. From 5-7 every Monday- Thursday they offer free appetizers and discounted drinks. It's not a poor quality buffet. Each customer sitting at the bar will receive a small plate of whatever the chef decides to make that day. Often I've seen calamari, one piece of lobster ravioli and bruschetta. Sometimes the chef uses it as a time to test new ideas. Top quality samples! Classics by Frank Sinatra can usually be heard in the background. The bartender has been working there for as long as I can remember and is always attentive and friendly. Take note of the gorgeous historic bar.Downstairs is the main dining room and it lives up to the awards it's received of "most romantic". The ambiance is dark and candle lit and the tables are intimate.On to the food. Try the Caesar salad. Just do it. It's made for two and made in front you. Sadly my husband is not a Caesar salad eater so I only get this great opportunity when we dine out with others. Very often they will give a small appetizer sample- similar to what is served during happy hour. My biggest problem at Bistro Romano is that there are two dishes that I love and I barely stray from my staples. The Veal Melanzane is "lightly breaded veal baked with fresh eggplant, roasted peppers, marinara sauce and topped with mozzarella cheese."  Then there is the lobster ravioli which is served in a succulent sherry cream sauce. On the rare occasion that there is room for dessert, might I recommend the tira misu.They have some great week night specials like pasta Monday ($12.95 for a house salad and any pasta dish) and WOW Wednesday ($33.95 for any appetizer, entree and dessert). From time to time they will send the VIP club/fb fans special 3 course offers with a free drink and opportunity to save $20 on the next trip. They treat their VIPs well.After writing this review I'm a little anxious for my next visit. Hope you can make it too!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,10/31/2013,65,210,,2,3>This place is a hidden gem. I wish I had a big fancy house to style with the amazingly unique pieces Material Culture has. The space is huge with tons of vintage and exotic multicultural furniture. They have rugs, decorative accents, artwork, light fixtures, outdoor furniture and all kinds of  other random things ( insert blessed Mary status straight out of a church!). I was completely overwhelmed when I walked in. If you're looking to add some cool/vintage/ethnic/quirky flare to your home, this is the place to go!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,10/30/2013,54,111,12,11,4>Just call me a sushi hound...I'm always sniffing out new sushi places around town. I passed this one a few times in my car and it seemed to have a nice vibe. After checking out the Yelp reviews, I found out the place was fairly new. I was further intrigued by the place and begged the hubby one night to take me. He wasn't gung-ho, but he eventually gave in.When we arrived, the restaurant was empty but very clean and the server was super attentive and friendly. We ordered our usuals like Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, Yellowtail, etc. Then, I decided to try one of their special rolls: The Godzilla Roll. Well, God was all up in that roll!! Yessir! It was so delish...I literally had to stab my husbands hand with my chopsticks to keep him from eating the whole thing! No one else dined in that night, but about 10 people came in picking up to-go orders either phoned in or submitted online. My husband and I have added Yellowtail to our regular list of sushi spots. By the end of the night, he was thanking me for asking him to go. We had an AMAZING time.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,9/25/2009,85,187,7,9,9>For 10 o'clock on a Sunday morning, I was surprised (and somewhat pleased) at the lack of people dining at White Dog.  We were given our choice of indoor or outdoor seating and were shown to a table in the somewhat tight gated-in patio area.I have never had gazpacho before, but I figured that a restaurant that uses fresh and local ingredients would be a great place to try it.  On the menu, under Chilled Green Meadow Farm Tomato Gazpacho it says, "Micro Cress, Blue Moon Breakfast Rashish &amp; Summer Melon."  When I asked the waiter what "rashish" is, he was all, "huh?" and when I pointed to it on the menu, he said, "Oh, it's like a salsa with melon and radishes that we put in the bottom of the bowl before we pour the gazpacho in... it's really good!"  He was right, it WAS really good, but I wish he had just said, "Oh, that is a typo.  It's supposed to say 'radish.'"My dining companion ordered the Seven Stars Yogurt Parfait.  I stayed away for it due to a freak cherry allergy, but she really enjoyed it.  Although the waiter suggested that it "definitely is a starter size, not big enough for breakfast," I think that it would make a great sized breakfast for someone who likes to start her day on the lighter side.Luckily, my friend and I are NOT that kind of girl.  We each ordered the Smoked Salmon Benedict, which was served on half of an everything bagel with a side of  homefries and a small portion of greens with capers and red onion.  I had every intention of eating only half of the half bagel, one of the poached eggs, dipping my fork sparingly in the hollandaise and skipping the potatoes.I'm sure it wouldn't take someone who knows me THAT well to predict that I would actually do nothing of the sort.  The moment I broke into one of those perfectly poached eggs and saw the sunshine yolk spill onto the plate, I knew it was all over.  I threw caution to the wind and dumped the sauce over the whole plate, including the potatoes, and downed the entire serving.  Except the salad.  That was a little salty.Next time, I'm totally getting the Crème Brulee Brioche French Toast.  And I'm going to eat every bite.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,9/24/2009,50,75,7,12,11>it's like walking into wonka's factory, but only for adult women. this place is RIDICULOUS. i walked passed it several times before i realized that the little card in the window indicated that it was indeed "halloween". on the outside it's a pretty plain building but inside my mind was blown. two levels crammed full of the most fantastic jewelry and trinkets you could ever hope to ogle in one place. henri david is known for both his genius with jewelry and his annual halloween bash...check out both. the other salespeople are patient and knowledgeable and one even talked me out of buying something bc he thought i'd be over-accessorizing for my wedding. honest salespeople= A+. they do custom work and can re-work old stuff as well.seriously, go here and blow your paycheck right now.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,9/23/2009,82,88,5,8,7>Although my experience overall was good at Kong in NoLibs, I think it's wise to check out a restaurant a few weeks to a month after they open.  One, so they can sort out the menu and start to get the rhythm and flow down.  Two, so they can work on any feedback they get.  However, I feel like it's my duty as a Yelper to write a review.Again, overall experience was good.  The environment/decor/design was top notch.  It's got an industrial mixed with modern-swank feel to it.  That's right, I said swank as in "swanky."Our visit to Kong comprised of four well-rounded pallets; a bacon-loving Korean, a vegetarian, a fake vegetarian and a love-everything-he-eats person (me).  As for me and the bacon-ator, the menu worked.  They had tons of meat options, noodle bowls, rice bowls, you name it.  As for the vegetarian's, not much to choose from.  The menu showed a tofu meal which was unavailable.  Again, that may have been because it was their first day open.  Aside from that, there were a few "other" options, but they weren't veg-friendly.  NoLibs restaurants owners know that in order to survive, you have to have something for everybody.  If I have one suggestion for Kong, keep up with the meat options.  I was like a boy looking at a Playboy for the first time... maybe not that far, but definitely like a little kid at a toy store.  A MUST is more vegetarian options.  In fact, it should probably make up half the menu.  All-in-all, I'll be going back to Kong for more.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,9/20/2009,101,151,6,10,8>The store is on a shady little street where everything around it seems to always be closed and gated. The storefront has two mannequins wearing suits. This is a shop where they make suits but also alter clothing for men AND women. The store looked old and kind of shabby, so I was a bit hesitant to allow them to alter my dress that was one size too big. The corner of the store is blocked off by a sheet; it was their "dressing room". The woman at the store told me to put on the dress I needed to be hemmed and pulled the sheet around. She yelled something in Korean and a man later appeared. He took a few measurements and stuck a few pins into the dress and I was fitted in about 5 minutes on a lazy Saturday morning. I had brought in a sweater dress that needed to be shortened and the man said that he couldn't hem it without adding visible stitching. -1 star, however, I do appreciate the honesty. I decided not to let them alter the sweater dress. They told me my dress would be ready on Wednesday but I was anxious to see my dress so I came back on Tuesday, a day earlier than expected, and oh my goodness... I can't tell where the guy hemmed. I stood at the store trying to find a flaw in their stitching and the man said "Don't worry, if you find anything wrong in the future, just bring it back".  Awesome. Quick turn around followed by a promise of satisfaction. The damage was $38. Not too bad. But to give you a better gauge on price, for them to hem your jeans and have the bottom hem look similar to what they currently look like would cost you $20; less for a normal hem. (There were too many "hem"s in that sentence.) Oh yea, and this place is cash only.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,9/19/2009,190,178,7,9,9>I love walking by this place because you can just smell all the sweetness baking. Such cute and delicious desserts! They have an abundance of cakes you can try, as well as cookies, cannolis, elephant ears, and cupcakes. The tiramisu is awesome but I'd prefer maybe a little more cake in it. It's a pretty light dessert so I'll be getting it again and again. We also tried the strawberry cheesecake, which was also good. The crust is yummy but I'd pick the tiramisu over this. A slice or dessert will run you around 4-5 bucks. :)  YUM!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,9/18/2009,1014,321,13,20,15>In the late 19th century, many Cantonese Chinese moved to Peru to pursue better economic opportunities.  They brought with them their native cooking techniques and spices, merging their culinary arsenal with the local ingredients and Limean Creole cuisine of Peru.  This fusion style was called "Chifa", with many Chifa restaurants springing up all over Lima. Jose Garces' new restaurant takes these Cantonese and Peruvian flavors and twists them into new and creative dishes.  Some are more familiar, like the signature "Chifa Chicken", roasted and served with crisp glassine skin and meltingly tender meat.  Mind the homemade sriracha sauce, though, it will melt your face off.  Our table also especially enjoyed the lobster Hong Kong noodles with a spicy kick, the duck confit "ceviche", the entire branzino fish baked in a Maldon sea salt crust and filleted tableside, and the "Flexible Chocolate" dessert, which was a gorgeous, creamy custard crowned with  mango ice and cocoa krispie-like crunchy shells (that are actually chicharrónes -- that's chocolate pork rinds, friends!)  Plates are designed for sharing -- the zealous could take that concept to the next level at the long runway family table and share with strangers!    Like Amada, Tinto and Distrito, Chef Garces' newest baby is an elegant and fun restaurant featuring bold flavors most chefs would never attempt. Pass us another Lima Bean Fizz!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,9/17/2009,58,190,16,14,10>i used to own a million (rather expensive) power suits... true story.  somewhere over the course of 8 years, business casual set in... then straight-up flip flop casual.  so i gave away the collection years ago.  ...not knowing that i'd be laid off days before thanksgiving in 2008.so, all of a sudden i need interview-appropriate attire, of which i have none, at a time where cash is definitely running short.  and this is where jo-mar comes in.  they're not designer, but there are blazers aplenty... and i picked up 3 lovely ones for $5 apiece.  totally professional, well-fitting blazers made of decent enough material to look nice.  i went back a second time for shirts to wear under the blazer, which is how i'd recommend tackling jo-mar.  you cannot put together an entire nice outfit in one trip.  no one has a level of patience that high.  between the customers cursing at register employees because they thought an item should be cheaper, while letting their godawful kids run amok to throw open the curtain to your fitting room, to the dismal fluorescent lighting, to the emotionally exhausting experience of finding the perfect item just to discover an unrepairable rip, to checking tag after tag after tag (if they have tags - many are ripped out and you have to eyeball) because the sizes are never exactly where they're supposed to be... it is a draining experience.  yet for all that turmoil i only deduct one star.  if you go with a specific mission, you're much more likely to succeed.  i wore a close-fitting shirt and went in with the intent of blazers only.  i tried on blazers as i went along - they are scattered throughout the store/warehouse.  if you let yourself become sidetracked by the $3 pants rack, you'll lose focus.  then i went back for shirts a different day.  i saw more blazers, but i passed them by.  i only tried on shirts.  2 were successful.  i spent $4 on one and $9 on the other. jo-mar almost makes me want to learn how to sew - the upstairs is the most ridiculous collection of cheap fabrics i've ever seen.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,9/16/2009,37,91,7,11,7>OK, I'm a dork. That's my disclaimer. specifically, I'm a dork about social science people on whom I have academic crushes: Veblen, Debord, Adorno, Benjamin (Ben-ya-MEEN). (Thank me for that parenthetical.) So, as the name and branding belie, the whole thing is about art, revolution, technology, thoughts on politics and mass consumption, essentially. And the "aura" Benjamin wrote about, which is more or less the tingles you get in the presence of unique art, was definitely in the store for me. This store mixes clothes with my brand of conspicuous consumption, that is, it's a great way to bypass taste -- considering that you have to buy the thing and other people have to know what the thing you bought means -- and go right to product-as-display of "I'm smarter than you." Which is a mighty handy angle for any store, particularly in an age like this one, wherein smarts is a mighty sexy (fitness) marker. If Ugg boots mean slightly mentally retarded ho, Juicy Couture means easy, a Tiffany heart bracelet means J.A.P. -- my dad's Jewish, so I can say that -- then wearing a shirt with this place's name on it means your a smartypants. You get the idea...On to the products. There are some neat looking shirt for good prices and some for too expensive prices too, put in alongside some lovely-smelling candles and soaps and darling pieces by designers like Lauren Moffat. Plus, on the jewelry front, they have necklaces and pendants by unearthen for the cheapest price I've been able to find ($170). (But if you buy the pyrite one before I do, I'll beat your ass down.) Their printed notecards ($5) are pretty awesome, I must say, and cheeky-macabre to boot. And I ended up with a canvas bag with Benjamin's face on it ($15) and neat little edition of Veblen book ($8)In other news, the "gallery" part of the shop is actually informative -- on the history of breweries in Phila -- as well as being aesthetically pleasing. It's pretentious for sure, but I'm into it.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,9/15/2009,60,150,11,7,6>Why all the La Lupe hate?Straight up, dude, get the chorizo burrito and just stfu.  Seriously.  Seriously.  Seriously.  Big as a woodland creature.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,9/14/2009,10,72,6,7,6>First off, this review is preliminary. There are many things about Max Brenner, the chocolate man behind locations in New York, Singapore, Australia, and Israel--and now Philadelphia--and his heavenly restaurant--that will go unsaid in the review. There is a certain maximalist scope to the joint that begs multiple excursions, multiple wades through. The first time you watched Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, or Willy Wonka, for that matter, you were probably astounded. The second and third time, analysis became more tangible. The fantastical elements became more weighable, approachable. You could sift through those gum drops without feeling like the sticky hands sensation was odd or discomforting.Anyway, secondly, I probably should have given four stars in this review. I promised the waitress, a certain V., five stars on the back of her receipt. Don't get me wrong--there are many five-star qualities about this restaurant. Maybe you like the best atmosphere for eating experimentally ever, a certain Austrain interior design/architecture, as my friend made reference to; or maybe you like the chocolate store in sight of the tables, or the chocolate bar in the distance blending on in with the circumferential epicenter from which the tables spiraled out and away. Or maybe the very kind, knowledgeable staff, whose smiles were noticeable and sincere, whose information went beyond standard, and whose prompt service was professional in that unprofessional, welcome to this great hangout sort of way.What about the food? That's an entirely separate review, it seems. I'm no Zagat NYC jerk who knows what he's talking about, but I can tell when a sundae is good. When your food is served like an art project, it's probably going to be above average. When there are more ingredients on the menu than you can memorize, then it's probably above average. When there are more than you can read in a minute, or at a dinner table, comfortably, then the dish will probably exceed your expectations. I hadn't had a sundae so sensationally impacting since my first Reeses Peanut Butter Cup sundae at Friendly's when I was twelve. I'm twenty-three now.Oh yeah--try the spicy hot chocolate. The Latin-American-style chile-infused dark chocolate actually burns. It's the extreme of the extreme. It's more a spiritual challenge than an strictly hedonist indulgence. But the flare and the resulting pain, the chagrin of the tongue, is a pleasure you may never find in a dessert dish again.But there were four, and three star qualities too. Horrible soundtrack kills the mood. Why no live pianist? Why no funky music? Even some ambient drone tracks would do better than the Ruby-Tuesday-esque CD playing on some back programming station in the kitchen. It didn't make any sense for such a casual, up-beat place. Any the table are kind of small for the gargantuan dishes. I'm sure somebody will complain. Yes, I've got lanky orangutan arms the frame of netbook user, but . . . and the be careful if you decide to go there over the next week or two. Because of the grand opening last Wednesday, the hired staff, analogous to a Survivor episode before the first Immunity Challenge (commented my friend Jeff), is far too plentiful. You can't really look up from your plate without seeing some smiling staff person gazing at the beautiful dessert and thinking, I kept thinking to myself anyway, "how much can this person actually eat?!" Granted, the staff = gorgeous, but come on. Go hide in the back or something. Go do yoga or tennis or hand out chocolate to the homeless or something--don't stare at my exploitable figure.So yeah, this is the first review or a place that was pretty much too intense to take in at once. A rational one will follow when I get the money together to go cash-forward again.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,2/9/2008,58,61,4,4,4>I'm the first to admit that I'm a sucker for a dive bar.This place is a little gem in the otherwise high falutin Rittenhouse neighborhood. It's a nice place to sit and talk with friends while enjoying some old punk music and a decent beer (Magic Hat as opposed to the traditional Philly PBR).One thing that bothers me are the concert posters on the wall. I think they pulled them off the internet instead of out of a venue.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,2/8/2008,22,65,1,4,3>Let me expand upon this "Hot Chocolate" that Nate F. mentioned. It is normal hot chocolate's super fine older sister. It is spicy, yet sweet, and a little salty. it has so much flavor, that you sip, contemplate, and sip again. Kind of like a fine wine, only for the whole family. They MELT A BAR OF SPICY CHOCOLATE INTO WARM MILK. Seriously. This is the real stuff...no chocolate sugar powder crap for this shop. I cannot rave about it enough.Try the hot chocolate!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,2/7/2008,12,74,1,3,3>Great beer selection, great staff, lovely decor and three floors of fun!  Then there's the grilled cheese.  I haven't made it any further through the menu because of that sucker.  Brioche grilled together to a golden, crisp perfection with fontina, asiago and gruyere cheeses, thinly sliced sauteed apples and applewood smoked bacon.  I don't dig too much on swine but when I'm digesting this sammich I don't seem to care so much.  The fries it comes with are shabangabang as well.  Fresh cut regular and sweet potato fried and seasoned just right and served with their homeade aioli.  Mmmmm mmmmmmmmm, bitch!And where else can you get a can of Sly Fox for only 50 cent more than a Pabst?  That's right.  Half priced cans every Wednesday!4/06/08 - Update: So in the many times I've been here I've finally explored what the rest of Good Dog's menu has to offer.  Good Dog Burger.  Holy hand grenade!  A tall half pound of ground moo cow stuffed with roquefort cheese and topped with caramelized onions.  There's nothing that quite compares to biting into something and having cheese run out and it's no different with this burger.  Definitely top 3 material, if not the best there ever was.  The BBQ pulled pork, while not the best I've ever had, held it's own quite well and cheesesteak empanadas were also very good but get overshadowed by the rest of the menu.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,2/6/2008,28,14,4,2,2>The fries are good. The television is massive, and the employees and patrons alike are friendly and always ready for a conversation. They have a good selection of bottles (try La Fin Du Monde if you have a healthy wallet) and the atmosphere manages to be lively without being obnoxious. Oh, and did I mentioned the fries? They are GOOD. Also, the pita and hummus is a great cheap way to fill your vegetarian stomach or tease your vegetarian friend (due to personality issues, I am usually able to do both, even when alone).The juke box is the usual fare, the pool table gets the job done, and the plentiful bar and table seating makes the place good for a loner, a couple, or a rowdy reunion of felonious frolickers.Sorry, lost myself there for a moment.Only complaint: Get a lock on the Men's Room door. For balls sake, there's nothing like getting walked in on 5 or 6 times during a single pee session. Not to mention that courtesy flimsy-wooden-thing that blocks the interloper from actually spying your junk looks like it's about to fall out of the wall any minute.Guard my urination, New Wave, and I will be yours for life.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,2/5/2008,19,62,,3,3>I had just moved to Philly and was looking for a salon. I randomly picked Luna because it seemed trendy without being overpriced. I have gone twice for a hair cut and was extremely happy with the results! I have thick hair, which most people don't know how to deal with, but Mae is an expert. I barely have to describe what I want and she understands and also puts her creative spin on it. Around $50 per cut is a small price to pay when you know you're going to get great results! I would definitely recommend Luna (ask for Mae) to a friend.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/4/2008,121,161,6,7,7>I hate when people call me M'am, but somehow it is so sweet when the ladies of Sevan Cleaners call me Mrs. They are so friendly, their prices are good, and best of all they do a great job!Quick, professional Dry Cleaners who also do excellent alterations.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,2/3/2008,38,42,5,5,4>this place inside is reserved modern looking and small. i have never made reservations, but it does get crowded, so boys if are taking your lady on the weekend, i would suggest calling ahead. the sushi chef prepares the food in the bar area while you are seated at small tables.i totally enjoyed the spicy tuna roll and the kobe beef. this restaurant likes to play with your palette, using unexpected flavors in their dishes, such as blueberry, but it all works and tastes amazing. the desserts are yum yum. i always enjoy green tea ice cream, but my heart melts for the fried banana dish. the sushi is fresh and the price here is a bit high. but you get to sit in a relaxed atmosphere with your neighborhoodies with a friendly staff at hand. i know there are a lot of sushi places here in philthy, but this one is in the art museum/fairmount area, which was lacking one. all in all, this place serves tasty sushi at bourgeosis prices. umai umai=yum yum. if it is crowded, or you are lacking in mad money, i have often kept walking and just gotten some sushi at whole foods like a true proleteriat.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2007,2/2/2008,128,137,4,4,4>I want so terribly to give Blue Eyes 5 stars.  The food is spectacular. The decor is fun. The service is very good. But it has a few minor flaws.The place has it's charms.  It's highly stylized, which gives it the look of a swanky living room from the 50s.  It's complete with cool faux stone walls, retro lights, etc.  It's neat and it's fun.  But it's not overly done to the point where it's obnoxious. The food is very good.  I think it might be impossible to go wrong with a steak, here (unless you like your steak well done... in my opinion that'll ruin a steak anywhere).  But their pastas and raviolis are really great, too.  And the portions are definitely fair. I have yet to leave not feeling happily stuffed.The food is unbeatable, but the bar is definitely lacking in quality.  They have about three pages of specialty martinis (which I'm sure they can make very well) but if you order a drink that's not on that list, they have some minor difficulty making it.  Sure, a sidecar isn't too common of a drink, but I've had trouble with a dirty martini, too (and that's just wrong).  But, despite some trouble at the bar, I would gladly give Blue Eyes five stars... So what's the problem?  Their insistence to have lounge singers/bands. If I never hear a lounge singer warbling along to a midi tape singing Michelle Branch ever again, it'll be too soon.  The sound is burned into my eardrums, and I didn't even know that was possible.  That said, the band really does add to the atmosphere.  I just wish it came with a mute button!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,2/1/2008,12,38,19,15,11>I am the youngest member here by at least 20 years.  No ever uses the weight room and everyone is always complaining the that the air/water temperature is too cold.  I heard an old man use the word schmeckel (sp?) to refer to his private area.  Why a 5?... 2 indoor pools, an indoor track (well kinda) and zero competition for the ladies.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,1/31/2008,218,736,,3,3>Loved it! Loved it! Loved it!  I miss this restaurant so much.  Their beans were to die for and the vegetarian lunches were awesome! I used to clear my plate and feel so full afterwards.  The staff was always friendly and the food so unlike anything you get in the Mexican chain restaurants.  Well worth a visit - and the prices ain't too shabby either!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,1/18/2011,162,175,9,11,8>This place rules. Hard.My lunch pals and I were discussing whether or not to try this place the day before the hard opening or the day of (they were offering 30% off!) and we just couldn't wait. And it was awesome. So we went back. The next day.The food is nothing like I've ever had. I don't think it's authentic south Indian, but rather a fusion of Indian, Indo-Chinese, and American flavors. I've had the Masala Deluxe (ask for it without onions if you don't want to be tasting onions all day) with goat cheese instead of American, the curry 'chicken', and the something avocado dosas. All so good. I want to see if I can manage to get each dish on the menu.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,1/17/2011,71,126,5,3,4>Now, I may be biased...As a lifelong 19146er, I actually had my sweet sixteen upstairs at L2. I also refer to my mother as the Paris Hilton of L2 because whenever we go, she has to say hi to every single person there. Everybody knows her name. So when we finally sit down, we always order a beet salad, which is always delicious. Sometimes we order the fried tomatoes or the onion soup which are both great as well.Bill and David are our favorite waitors. They are sarcastic and friendly and always on top of it. They make fun of me because I have ordered the salmon every time I have eaten there since the day they  opened (I can't help that I need my omega 3s!).The hubs orders the lamb, and my mother orders some version of beef...either the filet or the bar steak (they have a great bar menu!). Also, they have a flourless mocha cake that is amazing and I can't actually leave the premises without at least having a taste. Pretty decently priced, decent wine list and friendly staff. We love it here.xo
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,1/15/2011,48,198,5,5,4>Um, yum. Since a bunch of Philly food bloggers have been hyping this place for the past couple months, I was happy to skip breakfast and give it a shot for lunch today. Serious comfort-food goodness. A note on the menu boasted that Bon Appetit had named Paesano's Arista sandwich among the top three meals in America under $10, so I went with that. Roasted pork, long hots, broccoli rabe ... and no regrets. I felt pretty unladylike with juice dripping down to my elbows, but that was a small price to pay (props to the server who saw me struggling and brought extra wet-naps to our table).There were only two vegetarian options (four if you're a veggie who eats fish), so some of my friends might feel slighted here. But if you're down with meat (and aren't on a diet) -- go.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,1/14/2011,79,118,6,5,3>Walked in quite hungry, walked out quite full - this place gets my approval. When the GIGANTIC bowl of pad thai came out I thought "yeah I can take that" but.. I was wrong. I was defeated at an embarrassing rate; I didn't even make a dent in that thing. I would also like to take note of the enchanting (great word) underwater murals. It makes me happy that I don't eat seafood because how can you look at a picture of this beautiful underwater life when you're wolfing down RECENT KILL? Great food, great price, greatly underrated.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,1/13/2011,36,101,5,7,8>I went to James for Valentine's Day Dinner, but it wasn't on Valentine's Day; rather, since I failed to make reservations months in advance, it was on the Thursday beforehand, right smack in the middle of Snowpocalypse, Part II. (If you're counting at home, this is the third review in a row in which I've used the word Snowpocalypse... Will I go for four? Only time will tell.)James was incredible. Unfortunately, as a reviewer, I come up short when it comes to explaining why a restaurant is great. It is so much easier to write about one that is merely good (and even easier to scrap a bad one). I find that when a restaurant is truly great, any attempts to catalog the experience are for naught... I lose myself in the moment, and am left with only a vague memory of the meal, as if it were some marvelous dream.This happened at James. I remember arriving, I remember ordering a Jameshattan, I remember it being quite good, I remember the amuse bouche, I remember the swift replacement of the scallop in the amuse bouche with heart of palm when I informed the waiter that I am unfortunately allergic... Then I apparently lapsed into some sort of fugue state.I know that we ordered the sunchoke soup and the octopus for appetizers, the tagliatelle as a shared middle course, and the red snapper and the risotto as entrees; I know that each was impressive. As far as specifics, though, I'm at a loss.BOTTOM LINE: James is expensive, no doubt about that, but it's worth it: Great food, great drinks, great service, great décor. Overall, an outstanding special occasions (or regular occasions if you are stacking chips).
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,1/12/2011,4498,831,7,15,12>I've lived in the Philly area for 15 years and have been visiting Monk's since year one.  I've been for lunch, dinner, happy hour, brunch, or just a quick beer in the middle of the afternoon.  I think I'm qualified to comment about this place.  I believe that Monk's success is due in large part to their ability to meet the needs of several audiences.  Let me explain.The Beer Lovers- This is arguably the biggest group. Monk's is literally a legend in the beer world. Not just in Philly but across the country.  Their beer list is superb.  I once sat at the bar on a Saturday afternoon with a couple who had driven for hours from Maryland just for the beer.  Not to have lunch.  Not to visit the Philly historic sites.  Just to drink beer at Monk's.  The Mussel People- At the moment they have six flavors and people go crazy!  I've seen tables where patrons order pots of all six.  Trust me; these people are devoted to this place.The Foodies- You can be surprised here.  How about "Monk's Flemish Grilled Scallops" as a starter?  Follow it with Salmon Framboise and if you love seafood you have one heck of a meal.  There are also plenty of choices for carnivores.  If you are a newbie you may be a little surprised by the physical space.  There is a short dingy hallway that leads from the street to the main door.  The rooms are quirky, homey, and just a little bit beat up.  It all adds to the famous Monk's charm!  I'm sure I'll be back again and again for another 15 years!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,1/11/2011,180,143,5,8,7>So, there are so many reasons to love this store, I hesitate where to begin. Let me start with the owner, a saucy, stylish Hungarian woman who sits behind the counter with a snifter filled with red wine and a cigarette. Why and how, you ask? BECAUSE SHE'S THE DECIDER.I don't know her name, but I think she likes me. I won't mention the special things she does for me in particular, but there have been times where I rushed down there in dire need of SOMEthing, only to find them closing up shop, and she will say to me "Vatt do you need, honey?" and send in her spiceguy employee to get it for me and because they shut the registers down, I am told to  just pay next time I come back. Or in the instance of not having enough cash just right then, I am told to come back, blessed with the gift of "regular customers' trust". It's such an invaluable quality in this day and age, I can't even explain how honored it makes me feel to achieve that status. Her employees are knowledgable and they really DO create all their own spice blends. The price on supplies is the best around, and it's the only place in which I can buy bulk tandoori spice. The dutch-process cocoa is SO high quality I can eat it right out of the bag (if it doesn't make me choke from the chalkiness of cocoa) and for loose teas, snack mixes and foodie gifts, they are the best. For the brief period the Spice Corner was shut down (building code violations, not health dept. - you can be confident of this.) I was lost. The Spice Terminal in the Reading Terminal Market is a sufficient stand-in, but not superior in terms of price or charm. Any chance to go into the Italian Market makes me sigh in annoyance, then with a sly grin lift my chin as my eyes twinkle. "Oh, no, I have to go ALL the way down to the market...Aw, well, MAYBE it'll make me feel better to get a coffee at Anthony's. Ho hum."And then inside I giggle a little bit. Bring cash - no cards, no checks. And be prepared to walk out with that detailed plan you had blown to bits.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,1/10/2011,393,710,3,10,8>An honest, very approachable bar in Philadelphia.  This is why I love this city.When you walk into The Institute, there is no bs.  It's a simple place that focuses on relaxation, good beer and good food.  They aren't full of themselves.  It's a very matter of fact place.  You know what you're getting when you're walking in there.I've been here a few times and I have never been disappointed.  Last night, we had our film club congregate upstairs for a good dose of holiday cheer with Bad Santa.  We had a choice of two beers from Southampton, the double white and the saison.  I was very impressed with the saison.  The double white was good, it's more of a summer beer in my opinion.  The Bell's Rye Stout did rock my world.  I have to have more of that beer.For food, I had the grilled cheese and soup.  For the soup I chose their gumbo-esque preparation.  Very tasty and just what I needed on a cold night.  The grilled cheese was also very good and not overwhelming.  I have been to places that go crazy with their grilled cheese to the point where it's so rich and heavy I need to split it with someone.  Not the case here.  I was able to have the sandwich and enjoy it along with my nice bowl of soup.  All in all, I have had solid times at The Institute and I will continue to be a patron.  Hopefully, I can make it to one of their beer events.  They always coincide with weekends that I am out of town.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,1/9/2011,996,928,22,15,14>Do you hate sleeping with the person who you are dating?  If the answer is yes, then boy do I have the place you should avoid: Tria.  Definitely do not go here.  Passion is overrated and you are way too frigid to want a place like this.  Tria makes no sense.  It exists in a bizarro world where everything is delicious and reasonably priced in a romantic environment that stays classy without being stuffy.  Whether it be your first date or 50th date, I can't imagine this place losing its appeal.I highly recommend checking out the Sunday School specials here.  You get to try a half-price wine, beer, and cheese.  It is great.Standard menu highlights:Bruschetta - Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey - FantasticGrilled Artichoke, Spicy Tuscan Pepper, White Bean and Bulgarian Feta Panino - The flavors here dance around each other like a couple in the midst of a waltz...a sexy waltz.  It tastes like the ingredients make it sound which is excellent.Banana, Caramel and Mascarpone Panino for dessert - This is RICH.  I'm talking like Scrooge McDuck swimming in his astoundingly unrealistic money-bin rich.  It is a very heavy dessert.  If I had to compare it to a metal song, it would be Metallica's Whiplash.  It is that heavy. Don't even try to take a bite out of this if you think you are already full because it will be the end of you.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,1/8/2011,81,125,5,6,7>Waiting in limbo to pick my girlfriend up from the Flyers game (I'm so nice, aren't I?) I found myself perplexed as to where to wait it out.  True, I could sit in a bar down by the Sports Complex, but that didn't seem like a proper place to be hanging out alone with a book. I figured a coffee shop was my best bet. Then, it hit me.  Brew/Ultimo, here I come.Pick your poison: caffeination or inebriation.  Since we were headed out later that night, I went for the latter. Truthfully, I took it easy because I had to get back behind the wheel, but it was so pleasurable to be able to relax, sip beer and read my book without the usual distractions you'll find in a bar.  On top of the perfectly chilled atmosphere, Brew/Utlimo arguably has a better beer selection - like Stone, Duvel, Yards, Hitachino, and Schneider &Sons - than some bars.  I had a hard time deciding, so the nice guy who works there offered up some suggestions and I landed on the Bell's Two Hearted Ale. Good call, my new friend.Grab a bottle or coffee/tea cup and a seat on the uncharacteristically uncomfortable chairs (what happened to the cushy armchairs that are coffee shop standard?!) and enjoy. You can also mix-a-six to take home and if you don't see your favorite then drop a hint in the suggestion box!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,12/31/2007,114,391,3,3,2>I've had Lorenzos, Tony's, Tacs..you know the rest. Couch Tomato has the best slices I've had. If you're into thin and crispy, you have to try one. They definitely have the gourmet toppings (taco, buffalo chix, white) and they do calzones, too.Every girl in line will no doubt be ordering their hufreakingmungous bowls of salads, but get twice slices of pizza and a soda and sit outside. I promise you you'll love it.Vote for this baby next time Citysearch is running their Best Ofs. . .
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,12/30/2007,129,228,1,7,7>Raw was a lovely place to spend my "23rd" birthday.  In fact, I may have to fly back to Philly *just* for the sushi here.  It was melt-in-your-mouth yummy!  I casually mentioned that it was my birthday (and coincidentally, it was the chef's birthday too), and they gave me banana and ice cream for dessert...on the house.  Yay!Note: I *am* awesome, so I can't guarantee that they'll be hookin' everyone up with birf-day treats.Also, their bathroom is beautifully designed and hella clean.Schweet :D
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,12/29/2007,211,309,4,5,5>I go to AM MO when I have the change to spare.  It's not cheap but it's not a price gauge either.  I have gotten consistently good haircuts and styles from a variety of different AM MO hair dressers.  Most recently, Sherri recommended that I get a straightening iron which has really changed my life (or at least the way I feel about that brillo pad I call hair).  Also, they have a nice, urban deco going on.  It's not as in-your-face  rock and roll as Twist, but it is hip and edgy, which I appreciate because as an adolescent I was terrorized by tragically unhip haircuts done in suburban salons. I know they're not going to give me some crappy eighties layer job and I know that I can trust them as they attack my pot scrubber with a razor blade and a pair of scissors.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,12/28/2007,828,1172,,9,8>You know a place is cool when it has a sign that invites you to smoke and drink inside.! seriously I was window shopping here and the sign on the window took me off guard. Jinxed has it's own line of Phillycentric and anarchic clothing. but it also has a lot of cool figurines, art books, and amazing artworks inside for sale too. It can be an art gallery as much as it is a store. and sometimes they even have special viewings and cool events. So there are more than enough reasons to check this place out.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2007,12/27/2007,53,25,3,2,3>As with most Rittenhouse restaurants, you can cut the pretentiousness with a knife.  Once you're past that, this is a nice spot to grab some semi-expensive appetizers with members of the Young Republicans Club.   I recommend getting an assortment of cheeses and several glasses of wine.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,12/26/2007,63,91,2,4,5>All right, all right - I have to admit, I'm completely biased on this restaurant.  I have to head off my review with a big assterick (sic).  Margaret Kuo and her husband, Warren, happen to be family friends of my father's, and we do make a stop in to see them and to have a meal here each time we're up to visit in Philly.  But I have to admit - I'm visiting from Washington DC, where our Chinatown is virtually nonexistant, extending really all of 1 block.  And it's not even a big block at that.  It's more like a strip - and I've seen bigger strips at Camelot's back in the day.  But I digress.This restaurant, and its sister restaurant Margaret Kuo's Signature in Wayne on Lancaster Avenue, are far from your typical Chinese take-out.  Breathe the word take-out around these joints, and I swear, I may just take you out.  Permanently.  But again, I digress.  They do, however, get a lot of walk-ins, particularly at their Signature restaurant in Wayne, with people snot-nosing the restaurant and demanding a table at 8 on a Saturday night without a reservation.  It's high-Chinese flavor that's being served here, not a Chinese take-out joint serving Villanova or St. Joe's along Lancaster Ave.  High Chinese food exists in the burbs thanks to the Kuo's dedication to providing genuine food, with unique touches, fabulous twists, and modern combinations of flavors that showcase the growth of Chinese food smoothly into the 21st century with a gentle nod to its long legacy from half way around the planet.The food they serve is closer to what I have as genuine home-made Chinese food.  Real Chinese food doesn't slop on all that sauce on every single dish, though the sauce does come into play in more formal presentations of foods.  Real Chinese food is similar to any other true cultural food - it celebrates the freshness and uniqueness of its ingredients.  There are specials offered depending on season, though their menu has a wide assortment of their kitchen's signature dishes.  Their sushi is simply amazing, with fish that is smooth as butter.  My favorite dishes - they serve up amazing dim-sum (go for the little pork buns), soups (hot and sour, I swear by it, and it's my litmus test for any Chinese restaurant I hit, and I'll hold off having any hot and sour soup here in DC just until I head back to Margaret's kitchen), any of their tofu dishes, fish dishes - oh hell, I can't think of one dish I've had there that has been wrong in any way.  The portions, however, are made for family-style dining, and be prepared to take some home if you intend to order 1 full dish for yourself.  It tastes even better the next day, warmed up even in the microwave, I promise.  And they have brown rice as an option to standard white rice.On the Baby front, granted, I do get the special treatment when I'm there simply because we're all family, but Hubby, Dad, and I brought little Baby there, and she felt right at home.  We shared in the dim sum, some hot and sour seafood soup, rice, and tofu with tomatoes - and this may be one of the few times that she's shown she's actually full.  Granted, I lose out on half my meal to her, but so long as Baby's happy, it's all I can hope for.  They have high chairs, and they have small espresso spoons (metal) that I used when we forgot Baby's spoon.  We do try our best to keep our table and area clean, as Baby can make quite a mess (you should see our dining table at home).  Baby-friendly, and as for the Media joint, I am so happy to see that Margaret Kuo deemed my little free-trade hometown worthy to receive the bounty of their kitchen.Lunch on weekends works well, and Saturday nights are definitely busy (check out opentable.com for reservations), and weeknights may find business meeting events happening at their restaurants.  Go, visit, and enjoy.  I promise you, you wont' be disappointed.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,12/25/2007,12,15,1,6,4>I almost kinda didn't wanna review National Mechanics because then it would get flooded with people, and I'd never again be able to score a booth for me and my friends.  However, then I thought that a good restaurant needs all the support it can get, and I would be outrageously bummed if it closed and became some lame kind of club that charges $ at the door.  So, the food was pretty crowd pleasing - tasty stuff, nothing too out-there fancy.  The staff was extremely helpful and kind and chatty, and bonus, quick to bring us drinks and more drinks.  The space was really nicely decorated - if you want, try out BOTH bathrooms, they are decorated differently with antique fixtures and Jeremy Fish artwork.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,12/24/2007,6,47,2,6,4>walking by last sunday in the rain i passed this museum with its doors wide open and a sign FREE ON SUNDAYS!   i had passed by so many times but for some reason - the cold day?  the rain? the FREE bit? and time on the meter?  the combination sent me and my boyfriend in and i was amazed.this museum is designed to educate people from all walks of life, ages, education levels, races & backgrounds on freedom and liberty and the rights we have in this country and to celebrate people and communities who fought and died to give us the liberty we have today - and we often take for granted.it covered everything from womens rights, racial equality, violence and how to stop it,  public and private peoples who have overcome odds and injustices to fight for what we have today.  beautfully exhibited through art, thoughtful displays, and imagery this museum is a treasure - a must see & LEARN.this museum should be a MUST for anyone wanting to remember how we all got here - to this land of the free and home of the brave.  the many people, lives, and injustices served - the obstacles overcome - truly inspiring.  especially in this city at this moment with its violence, poverty & injustice - go, learn and tell everyone you know.it was so good - i even dropped a donation in the box and YELPED for the first time (speaking of Liberties!)
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2007,12/23/2007,1556,472,4,7,4>Even kids who are plagued with nightmares about going to the dentist will change their minds after a visit to Dr. Alegria D'Agostino ("Dr. Alice") at the Ft. Washington office. First off, the lobby is a big indoor playground, with a playhouse/climbing structure and video games that they'll go nutty for. But the fun doesn't stop once they've moved inside to the chairs - there are video screens set up for their viewing enjoyment. The staff is amazingly patient and kind and seem to love their jobs - but Dr. D'Agostino merits an additional shout out. She makes the kids feel so at ease and explains the process every step of the way so there are no surprises. She tells jokes, sings songs and throws out praise and encouragement like you wouldn't believe. Even the beloved "prize box" that the kids get to hit up after their appointment is great.Man, I wish they would see adults there, too. Maybe then I wouldn't be so scared of the dentist!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,12/22/2007,370,524,4,6,4>Today, I noticed too late that I had worn sneakers but forgot to take "work shoes" into work. By Too Late I mean, I was already on the train a couple stops away. Anyway, when I got into suburban station, I notice that the CeCe Boutique is already open at 730 am! WOOOOO. CeCe Boutique is a shop of inexpensive (also kind of cheap) purses, shoes, sunglasses, big hooped earrings, etc. My kind of store. It's not a fancy place, but if you want a winter hat, fucci sunglasses or a frada bag, you're in luck. I go in and tell the girls OH THANK GOD YOU'RE OPEN I FORGOT MY SHOES. I was in and out in 4 minutes with a pair of black ballet flats for 10 bucks. They feel like 10 dollar shoes (not very comfortable) but they are good for this kind of situation and they will live in my drawer at work. Emergency averted.CeCe also has a stand alone store on 20th Street (and Chestnut/Market maybe i'm not sure where) I've never been in but looking through the window it's got similar stuff.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,8/10/2008,11,37,5,5,6>Is your record collection missing something? Is there a big hole where a mint condition copy of Thriller should be? At AKA, you can find the gems that complete your awesome  record collection.  That is until you come back. Every time i go to this place I walk out with at least 5 large wax disks that don't quite fit into my backpack. Their selection of used vinyl is extensive and of varying quality (and price). I recommend digging through the milk crates for a scratchy copy of Herb Albert. They even have a large selection of new stuff.Don't have a record player? Don't worry, they've got those fancy new "Compact Discs." If you can't find what you are looking for in vinyl, you'll definitely find it in the used CD bins. This is by far one of the best record stores in Philly. I highly recommend that you stay away from it (and leave the good finds for me!)
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,8/9/2008,17,49,4,4,4>Oh Rustica how I love thee slices. I  love having slices with my daughter in our special seats. I love to always try a new kind every time we visit while my girl loves your pepperoni. How you have saved me many times that I am too tired to cook. I love how close you are to the park so we can have an out door feast with friends. I can not thank you enough for being there for me so many times. Rustica I love thee so much! Can I marry a pizza place?
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,8/7/2008,36,63,3,6,5>I stumbled on to South Street Hats on a visit from my then home of Chicago in the summer of 2007, motivated largely by the arbitrary decision that I was old enough to wear an adult hat.I made my way in to the small but cozy store to be greeted by two of the most genuinely friendly guys I have ever met in my life.  Oh, and a ridiculous number of hats covering every available surface if the store.After picking out 2 hats I liked and chatting with one of the owners, a talkative jazz musician, for upwards of 45 minutes, I left feeling warm about my purchase and no small amount more dapper than when I had entered.If you think you can rock a bowler, pork pie or fedora, you owe it to yourself to visit South Street hats.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,8/5/2008,1,3,3,9,9>There are so many things to love about this itty bitty place.  As my recent tea companion remarked, "I just feel good being here". One thing sure to make you feel good are their custom batches of herbal remedy teas.  My favorite, For the Defense, is strongly similar to, and yet not at all like, the concoctions my mom brought home from the chinese medicine doctor.  This wicked (in the good sense) brew is blended to detoxify, regulate and otherwise bring your body into line.  Often served with a fresh lemon slice bathing in the pot, the citrus lightens up the bark-y goodness. The sassy little betty who runs the place has a mom too and her mom just happens to bake the scones, pound cakes and other treats that sit beguilingly on the counter top.  My only wish when tucking into a piece of cinnamon scone, is that it was bigger.  That's a compliment, s.l.b's mom!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,8/4/2008,28,62,7,7,6>All I can say is....this place is smooth...Tucked away a few blocks north of Spring Garden, this turned out to be a really good place to take a date that night..Great Creole menu...I had the salmon which was presented with a few droplets of spicy sauces on the side, she had the Jumbo Liya (spelling)You just sit back listening to live jazz with a grin on your face while your head starts to nod like Bill Cosby eating jello pudding ...Very smooth..
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,8/3/2008,111,149,10,8,9>How is it possible that I've lived in Philly for seven years and only just now discovered the joy that is Friday Saturday Sunday? (I probably shouldn't even admit that or someone might take away my city girl card.) But now, thanks to my date Friday night, I am in the know. Since it was clear from the moment we were seated that my date knew what she was doing in picking this restaurant, I told her to pick the wine and the appetizer, too. Thus, we started off with an excellent bottle of pinot noir and a delicious pate. Would I have chosen the pate myself? Probably not. Am I glad then that she did? Hell, yes. The fact that it came with tiny sweet pickles just upped the awesomeness. I had the roast duck in a cherry port sauce for an entree, and it was probably the best duck I've eaten--lightly cripsed on the outside and succulent inside, with a slightly smoky, fruity tang. Dessert was ginger creme brulee. The flavor was deliciously subtle--sweet and not too gingery. It should've been in a wider, shallower ramekin in order to have more surface area to carmelize. But hey, if that's the only thing I could find wrong, they're doing a damn good job. The service was top-notch, too--I sort of wanted to hug our waiter on the way out. We finished with drinks at the upstairs bar, which (like the downstairs) is both cozy and adorable. I could have lingered longer except for the fact that the plentiful wine had worn down my already weak filters and all sorts of inappropriate things were coming out of my mouth. Oops.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,8/1/2008,19,62,,7,6>I didn't realize this before, but 11th is the hippest street in Ctown. Lee How Fook is the first comtemporary style Chinese restaurant that I've ever been to and it's right at home nestled amongst Vietnam, Zen, and Yakitori Boy.The decor mimics the dark wood, simple, clean look of Vietnam. They also have a cool, Asian American staff in case you're intimidated by those mostly Chinese speaking joints. The service was good too. I think they refilled my husband's water glass 3 times (at most Chinese restaurants you usually have to beg for water!)I love that LHF has a hip style but still serves straight up Chinese food. My husband said the pan fried noodles here are his fave so far. My only critique is that the three dishes we ordered (beef with tofu and shrimp with greens) all came with a similar brown sauce. In comparison, I think Shiao Lan Kung has slightly better sauces, but the ambiance at LHF can't be beat.Some Yelpers have commented that LHF is more expensive than other Ctown restaurants, but we felt like the prices were similar. The portions were definitely bigger though, so we finished with more leftovers than usual. Just one more reason why LHF is our new Ctown hot spot!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,7/31/2008,21,64,2,6,5>I LOVE National Mechanics.  A huge beer selection and fantastic food make this the best thing that they have done with this space since it was Revival.  Seriously, this place has been cursed for so long, and it is nice to see that someone has finally made it a viable venue.The decor is funky and totally unpretentious, and the staff is the same way.  A welcome respite in the midst of Olde City's dichotomy of ghetto fab and ultra-pretentious.  This bar is neither.National Mechanics is really the type of place you can bring anyone - your parents,  your best friend, even a date.  The prices are reasonable, the food is good and the service is fantastic.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,7/30/2008,144,339,6,8,7>It's magic. I love Miller Time The pink and sweaty bartender. LVL is exactly what it's supposed to be. Just a bar. No pretense. Great crowd of all walks of life. Good times.  It is far from fancy. But we like it that way.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,7/29/2008,88,146,11,12,9>Jewish Heaven. Just the way my dad use to make my sandwiches. Big and obnoxious! Growing up in an all Gentile neighborhood the kids in my elementary school just didn't get it. I remember one girl used to get a hard boiled egg, a slice of bread and an apple. So I'd always give her the other half. Well me and my stacked meat sandwiches were a revelation compared to the PB J's and 1 Slice of cheese sandwiches that I witnessed all around me in the cafeteria during lunchtime!oh yeah, back to the review. I had the whitefish platter and finally tried out the Cel-Ray soda that my boyfriend had been raving about. The amount of food I received on my platter made 4 sandwiches. So there was plenty of take home. Which I tentatively hid in the back of the fridge so my bo wouldn't find it. (he's such a foodie)This place is a little heaven and the service was great. Jill was my waitress and a real doll. She said the tips weren't great which i was hard pressed to believe but I still slipped her a 40% tip. I recommend this place highly. Food was fresh, mounds and mounds, even the Q-tips at the Early birds in Florida would be jealous!* Q-Tips are Seniors with white hair.. get it :)
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,4/10/2014,110,202,4,11,5>Mmmm I'm still thinking about the steak tartare from last night. I loved everything about Le Cheri, from it's location in the beautiful Art Alliance building to the impeccable service and of course the food. My friends and I ordered 4 different appetizers to share: escargot, gravlax, raviole cream cheese and the tartare.  All were very good but my favorite by far was the tartare.  It's so good that it rivals Vernick's. My bourguignon was absolutely delicious: melt in your mouth beef over fresh housemade pasta. I sampled the mahi mahi over pomegranate seeds (also delicious) and the quenelle.  My friend who ordered the quenelle thought that it, and the accompanying rice were overwhelmingly salty but I thought they were tasty despite all the salt.  For dessert I chose the banana bread pudding with chocolate ice cream which was definitely the best one of the night (compared to the ginger creme brulee, pineapple tatin and the pear & chocolate charlotte). The complimentary macaroons & marshmallows were to die for.  One appetizer, main plate & dessert per person plus 2 bottles of shared wine came out to $75 pp (including tax & tip) - really pretty reasonable for what you get.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/9/2014,111,109,13,7,5>This review is strictly for the chicken wings. From the looks of the other reviews, that's too narrow of a focus to gain a full complement of stars. And If you've visited Rice & Mix and haven't had them, I might be wildly pom-poming a back-up option in your eyes. But I'm doing it anyway. This is the second best fried chicken I've spun between my fingers and thumbs in Philadelphia. The wings ($10.50 for 10) arrive delicately stacked like an edible Jenga set. This is almost ironic not only because, well, where was the last place that did anything but dump them on a plate, but also since you look like you've been enthusiastically finger painting by your 7th or 8th drumette. The meat is jacketed with a batter that's more tempura than herbs and spices and tailored with a red chili glaze that turns on a deep heat and pumps out a savory and pungent taste.Some kind of dry-ass slaw sits shotgun next to our breaded heros; think shredded SEPTA passes finished with a drizzle of white sauce. I'll buy your next trip on the Broad Street line if you can actually finish it.Rice and Mix might be a one trick pony, but man, it's not a trick I'm getting tired of anytime soon.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/8/2014,112,203,16,25,19>Ooooooh god. OH god, omgomgomgomg.Yeah, it was a special night. And yes, I most certainly waited for the special moment to draft this review. My obnoxiously attractive, smart, and awesome boyfriend (ahem) took me here to celebrate the momentous occasion of my medical school graduation and uh yeah he's a keeper. But enough about him. This meal was everything I hoped/dreamed/planned/anticipated it would be.Let's preface this by saying that I, probably like most people who dine at this restaurant who aren't oblivious and or obnoxious, was anticipating the event for all of the days approaching it. Also, being the self proclaimed Philadelphia/generalized food snob/poor person that I am, have been coveting a meal here for some time. It was worth the wait and anticipation in every way.I honestly didn't want to read too many yelp reviews beforehand because I wanted it to be kind of a special surprise in a way that many of my preplanned and exceedingly researched meals are not.We walk in at reservation time, waited about 15-20 minutes for our table to be ready, and meanwhile offered (a couple glasses) of complementary sparkling wine. I didn't mind the wait, lets put it that way. Our table right next to the front windows was set far apart from the others-there are not too many seats in this restaurant. Crusty bread, appetizers, vegetables with an amazing balsamic cream sauce, house cured olives-this is just the "before the actual courses come out" offering. After that, we were both treated to 5-6 different plates each (aka, I ate maybe 11 different dishes that night). Highlights were most definitely some of Vetri classics. They are classics for a reason. Sweet onion crepe is unreal, as is the spinach gnocchi. I appreciated the sweetbreads dish and all of the pasta courses I ended up getting. What a lucky girl I was that night.The dessert before the dessert as well as the actual dessert were just perfect. And by that point I was way over indulged to even pay attention to what I was eating. Just kidding, that would never happen. If you dine here, you are obviously either treating and or being treated by a very important person/business partner/client/special event etc etc etc. Make the splurge and get the fancy wine pairing. Yes, the fancy one. Whatever they're calling that these days. Or, make it even more exciting for you and your date and do one of each wine pairing. Either way. Drink fancy wine, eat ridiculous food, and make sure you have over 3 hours to do-because you don't want to be rushing this one.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,4/7/2014,8,89,2,14,6>Quick and friendly service. The man here, George, makes his inexpensive honest service his biggest selling point. I approached him with a fairly simple problem in my watch. After examining my watch, he took maybe a minute fixing it on the spot. When I asked him what the cost would be he looked at me and asked "You really think I should get paid for a minute of work? Come back when you have a real problem and I'll let you pay."I've experienced and heard some horror stories about all sorts of repair services. Come here and you'll never look for another watch repairman again.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,4/6/2014,181,207,4,11,9>Needed a quick happy hour spot near Field House, and this amazing gem appeared on my Yelp app. And I thank you for recommending it!Many affordable food and drink options, and most under $5. Easy on my wallet, not so easy on what to decide. Our table of three decided to get a mix of everything: crab ravioli, spicy tuna roll, salmon roll, duck dumplings, and some spring rolls. Sushi was less than par, but the crab ravioli and dumplings were dee-vine. Delicious, rich morsels of flavor. Oh, and how could I forget the beer menu? I hope they keep my favorites on there: La fin du monde, three philosophers, and chimay tripel. I love my Belgians. These beers weren't on special, but go ahead and treat yourself. :)
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,4/5/2014,47,142,35,11,6>Hello comrade.  I'm going to tell you what to expect when visiting for the first time.  The store smells like dill.  You probably have never seen this much pickled, cold smoked, and cured items all in one place before.  There's an entire aisle dedicated to fruit juice.  Sea buckthorn juice is very viscous and sour.  There will be gross dudes and attractive women dressed to the nines throughout the store.  Five inch stilettos and grocery shopping just happens here.  Try not to smile or show any emotion on your face, you'll stick out and might bring attention.  Ordering anything from the deli is very intimidating if you can't speak the language.I go to Net Cost every other month and I still haven't had a clue.  I think I need a Russian chaperone.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/4/2014,89,250,,11,7>"Preisleistungsverhältniss."It's what the British call "value for money." At Andy's Place, a warm and inviting diner in Bridgeport serving hearty American-style breakfasts and tasty German comfort food, you will find that you get quite a good meal for a very low price.I was in King of Prussia with a friend, so we headed out to Bridgeport, only two miles and a very easy drive away from KoP. On a Sunday morning during peak brunch hour, there was relatively easy parking and no lines or wait to be seated. The owner's son greeted us and was very friendly, courteous, and outgoing.I had the Wienerschnitzel with German fried potatoes (Bratkartoffeln), some rye bread, and a side salad. The rye bread was fresh and tasty for American-style rye--but how I would have loved a nice hunk of the rich and malty Roggenbrot I fell in love with living in Berlin.The Schnitzel was very good. Tender, light and sweet-tasting pork with a crispy-crunchy exterior.The Bratkartoffeln were different from (and unfortunately inferior to) any I'd had in Germany--more like limp, slightly overcooked potato chips than the deliciously parboiled silver-dollar-sized slivers of potato gently sauteed in a pan that I'd expected.I had coffee as well, and I would be remiss if I did not praise the mellow perfection of that cup. Yum.So again, I think it all comes down to Preisleistungsverhältniss. My Schnitzel platter cost about $7.50. That's crazy cheap for what I got, the food was good, and the service was excellent. The food by itself is probably three stars, but the reasonable prices bump it up to an extra star. It's really nice being able to go out for breakfast and have a delicious, freshly-cooked meal without breaking the bank.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,4/3/2014,55,55,,9,8>Attended a chamber music concert in Ben Franklin Hall at the American Philosophical Society. This venue, which is a national historic landmark and is listed in the US Register of Historic Places, is near Independence Park. Great acoustics in this intimate venue, pretty architecture, and of course portraits of Washington, Jefferson, and Franklin looking down benevolently on the artist and audience as you enjoy the performance.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/2/2014,141,264,1,28,10>It's official, I'm a "floater!" About six months ago my friend told me about the sensory deprivation tank craze that's everywhere in the Pacific Northwest, and I was immediately interested. I found a float tank in Bristol but it seemed like to much of a hassle to get to, and a lot in New York - but when I had a chance to get to the city I never had the time to squeeze in a soak.  Fast forward to an article I saw on be well Philly - finally a spot was opening up right on girard!  Once the website went live I booked an introductory package and scheduled my session.  I didn't have any real expectations and knew that basically you get in a tank that's heated to the temperature of your skin, and float in a mixture of Epsom Salt and 10 inches of water.  You wear ear plugs, and lie in the dark all alone with you and your thoughts.  Sounds scary, but it's not.  The experience is yours alone and it is what you make of it. When the time came for my appointment I walked into a clean and bright space, and was greeted by a nice woman who immediately put me at ease.  She explained the tank and the process.  Each room is equipped with a private tank, a small shower, bath robe, towel, head pillow, ear plugs, and face towel with a water bottle to spray down your face in the event that you get salt in your eyes.  You even get a water proof light to bring inside the tank to help you until you become more orientated to the dark.  I am very familiar with the benefits of Epsom Salt:  first off your body can absorb a good amount of magnesium this way, Epsom salt is good for recovery from work outs or muscle aches and pains, It is known to detoxify, help your nervous system function, improve heart health, and just relieve stress in general. A 90 minute session here is a more than sufficient time period to reap the benefits of an Epsom soak. I went into the tank with my pillow and light, closed the door, and got situated.  You really do float in the water! The 90 minutes i spent in the tank went by quickly.  I had read that some people can really get into a deep meditative state, but I don't think I was there - yet. It was very relaxing and really very comfortable.  My mind kind of shut off, and it wasn't until she knocked on the door, to tell me my time was up, that I snapped back into reality and thought "oh wow I'm in a weird dark tank." I took another shower, and this time I had to scrub all the salt off.  I did bring my own shampoo and conditioner - but they had all that there - I just am picky about products (ie LUSH products).  I use Epsom salt at home so I'm very familiar with the drying aspect of the salt, so I also brought my own lotion.  There wasn't any lotion in the private room but I noticed some in the shared bathroom - along w contact cases and a blow dryer.  So I guess if you forget yours they have it available.  The place was clean and besides the dark tank, everything in the space is bright and fun!  There is water and tea available when you have finished, and I think I even saw some snacks - but i was in a rush to go to a birthday party so I just popped out as quickly as I came in. I left feeling totally relaxed and very calm. I feel like the next time I go I will try to get a later appointment so I can go home and sleep after wards. I didn't leave tired or ready for bed, but I could see myself getting a tremendous nights sleep after going here later in the evening. I can't wait to float again- I could see myself doing this once a month.  It's really nice to go somewhere and totally check out, not worry about your phone or your plans or whatever - and just take 90 minutes to float away.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/1/2014,71,177,,15,8>I love this place!  Really cute, entertaining AND educational for kids.  It just opened, so I'm sure they are still figuring out the kinks.  I came here on Sunday with my friend and her daughter who is 16 mos. and walking.  They do have a section for the babies with padding and cushiony-type things to climb on, but mostly it's a big room with drawers of toys and activities, a vertical Lego wall and a stage with dress-up costumes.  She had a ball and the other kids looked like they were having fun too. There is also a counter to order coffee (LaColombe = yessss please!!) and a grab-n-go refrigerated case (like you see at Starbucks) with salads, sandwiches and drinks.  I think they serve soup too.  There are a bunch of tables and chairs for the adults to sit at and take a breath. I can picture stay-at-home parents coming first thing in the morning to let their kids run wild while they wake up with a cup of coffee.While I don't have children of my own, all of my friends do and I will be telling everyone about this awesome new place!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,8/24/2011,996,928,19,8,9>So this is why the Germans were so desperate to conquer France. Their food is so delicious.Imagine for a second that you are looking out over the Maginot line with concrete fortifications, tank obstacles, and machine gun posts. You are thinking that even though you lost 2,476,897(Civilian and military) people the first time, might as well give it another shot. After all, you are getting hungry. Bistrot La Minette carries on the tradition of making other countries envious of French food. It is an excellent place.The mussel appetizer with a poached egg and cream sauce is the best mussel dish I've had in recent memory. The mussels are flawlessly cooked and the sand/crunchy stuff has been righteously purged from each mussel. The sauce is great.The Buf Bourguignon was absolutely tender. It melted in my mouth like the T-1000 in that molten metal at the end of T2. I could swear I felt a thumbs up as it went down my gullet.The Carrelet Poêlée au Beurre Noisette was a little bit of a disappointment. It lacked the flare of the other dishes and was a little bit dry. Don't get me wrong - it was good fluke. It just didn't stack up to the expectations set by the other items.I have to give mad props to the waiter named Kane. I dropped a fork on the floor and my replacement was available in seconds. He heard it from across the room, triangulated the location of the sound(Predator-style), and delivered unto me a clean eating utensil.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,8/23/2011,34,51,12,10,8>Let me just say that even though I grew up on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and had birthday pizza parties as a kid, at some point in my adulthood, I turned my back on pizza.  Looking back, I realize that this is indicative of a system: pizza is just not what it used to be and every year, it's harder and harder to find a good slice.  Some people blamed it on Philly's hard water; others pointed to the inability of processed cheese to melt right; frankly, I didn't know what to believe...And then, I tried NYPD's pizza and the first bite of that cheesy slice brought me back to my childhood.  Thinking of Michelangelo (the turtle), I almost mumbled, "Cowabunga" in between rushed bites of pizza.  So, so good.NYPD Pizza has made pizza a weekly thing for me.  As Hayley Sara B says, it definitely holds up during delivery; plus, their delivery guys are so friendly and polite.  I also like the added touch of NYPD's pizza box: "In Pizza We Trust" (seriously, it says that)!  I guess my point is that NYPD has brought pizza back to my life.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,8/22/2011,85,187,11,3,8>Is it bad form to write an update on a place you haven't visited more than once?About halfway through my family dinner at P.F. Chang's last night, I suddenly got the urge to sweep the table with my arm, sending plates of chicken in a spicyish sauce, beef in a spicyish sauce, shrimp in a spicyish sauce (all with a few stir-fried veggies thrown in) to the floor.  I would demand that someone in the kitchen give me something *different.*  Wantons in chili oil came to mind first, then the spicy crispy cucumbers, then those amazing green beans, and please throw in some shrimp that is perfectly cooked and packed with a flavor other than generic "Aisan."Alas, my dream cloud was popped by a server walking by with yet another  tray of lettuce wraps, and I went back to my Hunan Pork (read: pork in a spicyish sauce with a few stir-fried veggies thrown in).
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/20/2011,350,249,5,7,8>Hot Diggity, the interjection, is so applicable in so many ways. They've got 10 awesome creations displayed proudly on their full-time menu. (The beautiful illustrations come by way of Hawk Krall, local illustrator and contributor to Serious Eats.) They've been done a special hot dog as well. I had the delightful chance to try their Philly Surf & Turf on my last visit. It's a Levi's Hot Dogs-inspired Philadelphia classic. Beef hot dog wrapped in fishcake, topped with pepper hash (PA Dutch cousin of coleslaw or so I'm told). I'm really hoping it makes it onto the fulltime menu.On my first visit, I had the Cincinnati, topped with chili, cheese, scallion sand onions. It was amazing.All in all, the service has been absolutely great. The hot dogs have been rejoiced by hot dog lovers and non-lovers alike. They've got fries with 12 different dipping sauces and there's even vegetarian options of most hot dogs on the menu.The dogs are filling and delicious. So much that although I'd love to indulge in fries, I don't think it's the smartest move as I can only hold so much.There's some debate on the authenticity of the regional hot dogs. I really don't care. The two that I've had are great and I'm sure the rest are too. The Sabrett's all-beef hot dog on the (special order?) Liscio's mini roll + their toppings is amazing. I know what you're thinking. An Italian roll for a hot dog? Trust me. It works beautifully. It's a little bit big but it's necessary to hold the overflowing toppings on their gourmet dogs. (There's standard ol' hot dogs available too.)Right now, my main objective is to not get too fat on these things. That's really it. It's dangerously close to where I live. With all the vacant store fronts, South Street needs this so bad right now.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,8/19/2011,47,142,8,7,8>What's the only thing that will have Philadelphians pour onto Broad Street from South Street to Temple, as well as the intersection at Frankford and Cottman in, perhaps drunken, unison?  I'm afraid it's not an election of our nation's president, at least not to the same magnitude.  No, I must say this can only happen if at least one of the major four have made it through.  There's no act or event in existence that can rival the passion Philly has for their sports teams.  Not even Bono on a parade float, rolling down Broad Street, and wanking off with a microphone can illicit the same response as a championship.  So then, Murph's serves as a sports oasis in the gentrified corridor of Frankford ave at Girard.The beer list is smaller than its adversary across the street, but it is more reasonably priced and much more interesting.  Two trips yielded two incredible IPAs, Titan from Great Divide and Bengali Tiger from Sixpoint.  Murph's has $2 PBR on all the time, which strikes me as ass-backwards, judging from the clientele that visits either place.  Add that a no-frills bar menu, the right sort of menu for watching a man out-muscle another man.You could pay to see someone, who maybe looks like Bono, wank off with a microphone and pretend to care.  I, on the other hand, would rather watch a man's face get smashed in, pay less to see it, and be among people who do actually care.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,8/18/2011,203,272,,8,6>There's a reason why the substantial parking lot of this run-down diner car is always filled with taxis. For good Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian (not sure exactly which region Pakistan is considered part of) food, follow the Middle Eastern/South/Central Asian cabbies. I know Pakistanis from New Jersey who gladly pay the $4 bridge toll to eat at this restaurant. I've tried just about everything here, and pretty much everything is solid. Some things are better than others, and some things (like salmon or chicken breast) can be a little dry at times. However, everything is really flavorful, and all the platters (~$11) come with rice, a huge slab of naan, a small serving of meh salad-from-a-bag and a veggie side. Each platter is a meal and a half for me. I'm partial to the lamb (both chops and kebab), the tandoori chicken is great, and their post-Ramadan whole fried chicken deal is pretty good. The spicy green sauce that comes with every platter is clutch, so ask for extra. For hearty homestyle Pakistani food-from-the-grill, Kabobeesh is the way to go.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,8/17/2011,223,241,25,15,12>Is the mic on?  Attention:  How in the hell do you hate on a plaza?  Better yet, how do you hate on a well-landscaped plaza that hosts a ton of free events?  Seriously, is there some other plaza that I don't know about that's going to throw a Michael Jackson tribute party, have an outdoor market each week, host Questlove from the Roots, and feature a big ole screen to watch Phill's games?  Someone please tell me about this OTHER place because clearly I'm missing out.  Otherwise, the Piazza is one of the coolest places that Philly has going with or without the excess of hipsters.  Like, so what... let them be hipsters.  Shoot, you're probably a hipster yourself.  So, go pedal your little road bike over to the Piazza you hipster!  I know I will.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/16/2011,146,222,3,7,5>Tandoori tofu!  A 2 oz. (approx 4 tablespoon) bag of tandoori spice goes for only $2 at the Spice Corner and you can ask for a copy of their tandoori chicken recipe.  One overnight soak plus an hour in a conventional oven & my tandoori chicken trial was a success - a succulent, fire red success.  Next up?  Maybe some gumbo spice, or some Thai curry heat but only after I've attempted to make Tandoori tofu kabobs on the grill.  This super small, cash only shop is not self-serve.  Grab a premade packet or seek assistance from the friendly staff for larger bulk items.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,8/15/2011,185,680,9,7,8>Dear Mr. Garces,You have turned me into a carnivore. Because of you, I have not only eaten, but am probably slightly addicted to cured meats. The chef's selection charcuterie was so intoxicating that just 3 hours after indulgence, I have forgotten the names (Prosciutto! Serrano! Salami!) and locales (France! Italy! Spain!) of the animals I consumed. Each was delectable in its own rite, and none had any of that too oft encountered (and remembered) preservative flavor. Pretty impressive, Mr. Garces.Your chef's selection cheese plate offered a wonderful triage: one semi-soft, lightly sweet, but oh-so-buttery; one hard and just sharp enough to alert the palate, and a final potent blue cheese (of sorts...) that made my tongue writhe in pleasure. And your sourdough duck fat pizza dough? Keep that on the DL. You'll want to make money off of vegetarians one day...unless, of course, that is, you convert them all to your flesh-eating ways. Cheers,Ettya F.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2011,8/14/2011,393,710,14,5,10>Dive-tastic.Upon walking in, you will smell the odor that is Oscar's.  It's probably left over from years of smoke.  It's a little dim, there are a couple of TVs, booths and tables in the back.Beer is on the menu here.  I've never ordered anything else.  You come here to have a decent draft for a really good price.  If you're short on change, Lager bottles will do just fine for ya.I'd bring a group of friends and get a little rowdy.  That's basically the accepted code of conduct.  The waitresses might have a little bit of an attitude, but it's understandable.  Kudos to them for putting up with all the drunks that make there way in here.Don't forget to wash your clothes after coming here.  The stench on your soul however is not coming off and you'll be back.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,9/23/2007,80,111,,4,4>I actually had a wonderful experience here.  We made reservations - definitely necessary, and when we arrived a bit early we were actually seated quite quickly.  We sat outside even though it was a bit chilly, but it was entertaining people watching.... Quite a crowd of young college kids which could have definitely been annoying if we'd had to sit inside when they took the place over.I also loved the food.  Starting out with grilled calamari - it was tender with a definite grill flavor and the dipping sauce was delicious olive oil/lemon/garlic.  We split gnocci (half pomodoro sauce, half with pesto) and one of the evenings specials lamb chops.  The gnocci was rich and both sauces were quite good.  The lamb chops were absolutely incredible though - 5 decent size lamb chops with a lovely marsala-type red wine based sauce and mashed potatoes that even someone from the midwest can approve.  I do wish they'd listed the specials somewhere, as it was a bit difficult to clearly understand the waiter when he described them.Service was not the most attentive ever, but our waters were refilled often and we did not have to wait long either to order or to get our food.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2007,9/22/2007,165,328,,5,3>I can never pass up gelato so when my cousin suggested we stop in for an afternoon treat, I agreed enthusastically. Oh the flavors they offer! And they have sorbetto (which is my favorite.)They offer free samples which is always good when you have over 27 flavors to choose from. I settled on the "Dark & Stormy" (lime & ginger) and the blood orange. Dark & Stormy = Tangy & Tasty. I was really impressed with the creamy consistency of the sorbetto since there is no dairy involved in making this delight. My other experiences of sorbetto have been more icy/slushy. This was SO GOOD. To say the least. I wish they had a location in SF. Sigh.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,9/21/2007,32,83,1,5,6>Off the beaten path you'll find this place practically sitting under a highway overpass. Imagine if you gutted a run-of-the-mill pizzeria, maximized the space and tried to jazz it up by going just slightly more upscale. That's not a criticism, it's just the best way to describe it. It's a cute byob.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2007,9/20/2007,128,137,3,2,6>I like this place for three reasons.  I have fond memories of eating here. It's almost cute.  And the food is pretty good.  I like their steaks.  Sure, they're not as good as mine, but they're better than most in this city.  They make a super root beer float, and their milkshakes are always tasty! The wings are spicy and vinegary, but seriously, that's what you get for ordering wings here.  Stick to the classics like steaks and hoagies.  The counter service is nice enough, if not necessarily nice.  Oh well, I still like it here!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,9/19/2007,70,215,4,3,3>Totally not in agreement with all the haters regarding this place. On a recent trip to Philly with a friend, we went into grease seeking tourist mode and hoofed it down to South St. like all the other schmucks to get a cheesesteak. I have tried almost all the staple cheesesteak joints in this area and saw Steaks on South and wanted to give it a try. This is definitely the cleanest of the steak places in the city, with an open kitchen so you can watch all the awesomeness go down. Also, this place isnt a pillar in the cheesesteak community YET, so there isnt some ridiculous line around the block.They have some other stuff on the menu, but I came for tasty meat globbed with pounds of fake cheese. GIMME A CHEESESTEAK WITH WIZ!!! Good lord these are massive cheese steaks, I just got the regular and it was almost a foot long. Not too greasy, not too much cheese, fresh bread...what else can you ask for? I was lucky enough to get a free show by some schizophrenic methed out magician in the ally by the outside tables, so I guess you could ask for that. Apparently if you eat two you get your picture on the wall, aim high Meghan, aim high. Who am I fooling, I was ready to curl over and die after forcing the last few bites of my massive steak down. Yum.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,9/18/2007,211,309,,3,3>Essene has most likely suffered a bit from having a Whole Foods within a six block vincinity.  It's hard for the little guys to compete with the prices a national chain with its own products can offer.  Their produce is a wee bit overpriced and there isn't a whole lot to choose from.  But they do have some things that Whole Foods don't, particularly odd root vegetables that are key to macrobiotic cooking.  Their pastries are really good and seemingly healthier than the oil-filled ones at Whole Foods.They also have an eat-in food bar which has more selection and many more veggie/vegan options than Whole Foods.  It's also more comfy.  What saddens me is that they haven't had Virgil's Root Beer there for a couple months.  That stuff is SO GOOD. They do, however, have these delicious soy dream 'ice cream' bars and little pies that I treat myself to once in a blue moon. All in all, I''d probably rather spend my hard earned cash at Essene, but I'd walk away with significantly fewer groceries.  Isn't that how it goes in this age of corporate globalization?
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,9/17/2007,44,128,,3,3>I was interning on this block when Fogo de Chao opened, and once I learned the concept, I started concocting elaborate ways to afford it until the perfect opportunity presented itself: my college graduation dinner when the family was in town. Getting my degree the next day was awesome, no doubt, but Fogo de Chao almost eclipsed that joy. For those unfamiliar, Fogo de Chao is a Brazilian churrascaria, or steakhouse. For $45, a prix-fixe menu is served by a team of waiters. You're given a two-sided placard to control the continuous service - one side green (Bring On The Meat), the other side red (Hold Up, I Need To Chew). If you're on green, waiters will descend offering up 15 different cuts of meat. I heartily recommend the chicken, filet mignon, and the garlic beef.The side dishes include cheesy popovers, fried plantains, crispy polenta, and creamy seasoned mashed potatoes. Most people choose to skip the salad bar, but it's quite impressive, with giant chunks of fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, and the largest and most tender asparagus I've ever eaten. The prix-fixe menu includes the salad bar, the meat and side dishes, but not dessert or drinks. Even though I was too stuffed to sample dessert, I was not disappointed. It was a truly unique experience. Fogo de Chao is excellent for groups and received unanimous rave reviews from my finicky family, but be sure to make a reservation.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,9/16/2007,213,398,6,4,7>BEST BACHELORETTE PARTY EVER!!!!!!!!! ok ok so it was mine, but i'm being honest. my girlies and i went shooting as our big activity (before drinking our heads off for the rest of the night). most fun ever. the nice policemen who run this place were really helpful and let us have tons of fun. and amazingly, we all emerged with all 10 fingers and toes, and everyone still had their faces and brains. i felt like a total badass and we were all cheering each other on. the price was MORE than reasonable - i think it was like a total of around $300, which we were splitting like 10 ways. cool cool cool. this was a totally empowering, educational, superamazingawesome experience. these guys are professional and keep everyone safe. you don't have to know anything about guns or loading guns or shooting guns. they make it a great experience.plus, now the boys REALLY know that they can't mess with us ladies.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,9/15/2007,20,44,5,3,2>Don't get me wrong, I love Wawa Sizzlies (especially in south Jersey where you can get Taylor Ham, aka "pork roll").  But Dunkin's sandwiches are available all day long, and made fresh to order.  And you can order an egg-and-cheese with no meat if you're vegetarian, or just want to pretend that you're being healthy.I was worried today, because even though it's September, there were St. Patrick's Day sprinkles on all the donuts.  But then I realized that they're green and white for the Eagles.  I guess people weren't kidding when they warned me how hardcore Philadelphia is about sports.  Damn.  I mean, I lived in Boston for years, and we never got red sprinkles for the Sox.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,9/14/2007,308,650,,4,2>Here's a cozy little coffee shop out of the way of the hustle and bustle of crazy South Street.The coffee is REALLY good. We walked by here after being miserably disappointed by the news that Govindas doesn't actually make breakfast (like their website says they do). The aroma of the brewing coffee sucked us in and we had to try it. The mocha latte was better than starbucks and wayyyyyy less expensive. They don't charge you extra for soymilk which a lot of places do which I think is absolutely absurd!They also have a frequent buyers card so when you buy 10 drinks in 1 month you get one free. Now if you drink coffee as much as I do that can add up to at least 3 free drinks a month. Not bad!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/18/2012,81,55,13,12,10>What?!?!?  How? Why?? These are questions I asked when I saw this place was empty after experiencing the one of the best Asian places in town.  We had a fairly large crew of 16 people and took over the restaurant on a Wednesday night.   The service here was top notch. It was BYOB, and they made sure our glasses were never empty.  The food....wowwwww. I can't remember everything we had but the 6 of us that sat on our side of the table decided to share several dishes.   We started off with the Pork and regular Drunken Noodle.  There was enough spice to give it personality.  Nothing overbearing.  Pineapple fried rice with chicken, egg and cashews.  Definitely on point.  Saigon Beef with bok choy. Shit was legit. There was some Eggplant and Crispy Calamari dish in the mix that I didn't get a chance to try, but my friends were raving about it. For dessert, we got some fried Chinese donuts.As a certified Asian, I give this place two thumbs up.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/17/2012,96,186,5,12,5>As far as jewelers are concerened, I truly believe that this is as good as it gets. Like car repairmen, can we agree that most jewelers are bullshitters? This is exactly why Barsky was like a breath of fresh air. When on the market for our wedding bands, I was looking for an honest, reasonable supplier and after dropping by Elizabeth B.'s aforementioned "competitor" (I see you, Mr. S.) I was somewhat discouraged.On my first visit to Barsky, E.B.B. and I were greeted by Chris P. who was extremely helpful in selecting my wedding band. I dropped in to see if they had the match for my engagement ring (they did) but Chris took the time to show me as many rings as it took until I found the one that worked. Since they don't work on commission, there was no pressure to buy right then and there. My fiancee and I returned a few weeks later to purchase my ring and his wedding band as well (also a good deal for an item that lived up to our expectations). We couldn't locate the exact item # that he had written down on my first visit, but we found something I liked, dare I say, even better and were able to purchase it for the same price. Chris even offered to customize the ring and removed the "European backing" (ring jargon) for me with no additional charge to make it perfect. I now have both rings stashed away safely in my underwear drawer and I am busting at the seams to wear mine forever and ever. If you're even considering heading down to Jeweler's Row, do yourself a favor and bypass all others and go to Barsky first. They have an enormous selection of wedding bands (for females, lots for guys too, but our selection is naturally a good bit larger) and, although I didn't venture that deep into the store, they have plenty of inventory to meet all of your BaLlEr StAtUs needs.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,9/16/2012,111,109,11,10,7>If Occupy Philly had a sponsor, I like to think Underdogs would be it. It's a place where revolutionary spirit drapes the walls with its raised, clenched fist mural; the kind of artwork that would be welcoming to a group that, say, might want to overthrow the Fed and return to the gold standard. But as far as I can tell, Underdogs is less concerned with Ben Bernanke and more focused on putting out great hot dogs.The buns are not the flimsy 4th of July cookout ones you snag off a grocery store shelf. Sturdy, crackly sides are just dense and chewy enough to make you appreciate the quality rolls without any unnecessary padding. A proper meat/toppings to bread ratio is paramount and they've got it down.The Special ($3.50), with pepper hash and russian dressing, probably pairs nicely with 6-8 lagers and is a late night craving waiting to happen. The Chihuahua ($4.50) was my only foray into the sausages and the queso blanco adds a nice, needed smooth finish to play against the sharp spices of chorizo. The salty peanut taste of the My Thai ($4) dog marries well with the cool, crispy papaya slaw, but I only want peanut sauce with chicken and some kind of noodle.The fries ($2.25/reg) stand up on their own merit. Unless a better writer shows up to finish this review I'll lazily tell you to think of Five Guys fries, greasy paper bag and all.But stay away from the ketchup when you peel back your greasy bag of spuds. Utah sauce is another weird cult-ish thing to come out of Utah, but this one is actually worth following blindly. Ketchup, mayo, and pickle juice--stop, get that look off your face--forms a surprisingly addicting condiment. It's a fairly smooth concoction before the pickle juice kicks your palate with just a bit of brine. There was nothing wrong with the chocolate cayenne mole--nice heat and all--I just didn't think it matched up well with the spuds. The curry is good, too, and lacks heat if you shy away from it typically. First dipping sauce is free, second is 25 cents. Get at least two.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,9/15/2012,58,214,2,6,4>$3 seems like a lot for a popsicle, but after my first taste of the goat cheese and cherry popsicle, I was convinced. I was skeptical that I wouldn't taste any goat cheese, but that popsicle had some legit goat cheese flavor along with particularly flavorful cherries.There are lots of fun flavors here I can't wait to try: Lemon and blueberry buttermilk, Vietnamese iced coffee, chocolate and pretzel.The frank minimalism of the shop set up is also charming.  The cash register is an ipad propped on a book stand.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2012,9/14/2012,67,146,5,7,4>Chaos.  Women, sometimes men, impatiently vying for the sole employee's (owner's?) attention, trying on nine cheap pairs of shoes in a size 8; no, maybe an 8 1/2; no, maybe a 9 wide, and wrangling their fussy, overwhelmed children into the long, long check-out line.But there are so very many shoes, and they are so very, very cheap.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/13/2012,185,680,7,5,11>Lemon Hill deserves an update...and an upgrade...though the atmosphere hasn't changed much, and it's still impossible to get a seat at the bar - even if only for one, the staff and drink selection are equally incredible....while I'm usually not a stickler for service, an empathetic bartender and manager are worthy of 5-star applause. So suffer through my sad story if you will...and even if you won't, give Lemon Hill a shot: the drinks are great, the staff is fantastic, and maybe the ambiance has improved. My mother always told me a lady never drinks alone. She clearly wasn't born in the mid-80s, nor has she ever used alcohol to entertain herself. She would never stroll into her neighborhood bar - not even one as classy as Lemon Hill - wait around at the bar until a seat opened at the end. She would never have plopped herself down on that stool and waited listlessly and quietly until given a menu.And once she received the menu, she would have never ordered a $14 glass of red wine, and she would have been appalled if the bartender were to top off her glass with the remnants of an old bottle. And after finishing that glass - or perhaps halfway through the refill - she would have never ordered a St. Germain cocktail (one not on the menu) enjoying the slightly sweet Elderflower essence that permeates every fizzy sip.My mother is not me...nor is she you. Go to Lemon Hill. Feel better about yourself. Wine is good. Smiling faces are good. Be cheerful that your neighborhood bartender really does care - and will even make a quirky drink at your request.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/12/2012,132,306,2,11,3>Le Bec Fin has reopened (June 12) under new ownership and a new chef who has trained under Thomas Keller.  It is every bit as good as the old Le Bec Fin overall, perhaps better in some areas.  Some notable differences and some predictions...The old Le Bec Fin under Perrier had stylistic cuisine changes every so often, at least on some of the menu items, depending on which young chef was running the kitchen.  I expect more continuity, but even in the first month there has been some experimentation as the restaurant finds its new identity. The staff is more professional and warmer.  Plus, there is no loud Frenchman randomly wandering into the dining room during your meal.  Sorry Georges, many probably thought it was endearing, but I never did.  But then again, I haven't lived in Philly for 40 years!The menu that we had was fairly traditional French haute cuisine, but perfectly executed.  Flavors all married beautifully.  Sauces were rich and had good depth.  None of the dishes were very daring, and I wonder if he will take more chances going forward.But overall, this is fine French dining with impeccable service, and absolutely beautiful decor.  Just what you would expect from a restaurant that led the way in Philadelphia for many years.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/11/2012,116,162,4,8,7>Oh me, oh my, my biggest regret in life (and let's be honest, there are a few) is not trying Koo Zee Doo earlier.  If you're like me and weren't familiar with Portuguese food, go here IMMEDIATELY.  Do not pass go.  Do not collect $200.  Go directly to Koo ZeeDoo (okay, stop first to pick up some beverages and enjoy the BYO, but THEN go directly to KooZeeDoo).    I went to celebrate the birth of the great Aaliyah P, not knowing what to expect, but armed with plenty of champagne to get us through the meal.  Everything was served family style and the friendly server helped us navigate through how many items we should order.  After ordering a decent chunk of the menu, we settled in with our drinks.  Soon, food began appearing.  We started with some potato/fish fried ball things (bad but accurate descriptions) and some prawns.  Both were delicious and primed us for our main course.  We ordered the lamb kebabs, the steak, and the daily special which was a fried fish platter.  The lamb and the fish were both excellent, but it's the steak dish that has haunted my dreams since that night. Perfectly cooked, well seasoned beef that melted in my mouth, accompanied by a potato that rivals the best potatoes I have ever eaten (and that is saying a lot).  Service was phenomenal, the only negative thing I can think of is that we brought our own cupcakes for a friends birthday, and they charge a $3 cutting fee per person, officially making them the most expensive cupcakes in the world.  I get it, but i don't like it.  However, it will not deter me from going back (sans cupcakes) ASAP.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,9/10/2012,318,303,16,12,10>When a hipster friend of mine suggested we meet here for a drink, I figured I was in for something worthy of note by simply the name itself.I was right.The bartender looked like a gypsy and I sat between someone who appeared to be a pimp (feathered hat, martini and all) and a granny drinking a glass of merlot, joined by a woman with wild hair eating an ice cream cone.  Yes..an ice cream cone.**I think it is important to note at this point in my write up that it was roughly 11:00 PM on a Saturday night. What in the world was a granny doing drinking merlot in a hipster dive bar at that hour of the night? Where did she come from? And where did that lady with the wild hair get the ice cream cone? Jealous, kind of.This place never fails to disappoint on the people-watching front, which is a huge plus.  Ever since my first encounter here, I make sure to bring any and all visitors of Philadelphia whom I feel have a strong enough appreciation for what I would consider top 5 dive bars I have ever had the pleasuring of boozing in.  It's a lively scene that is good for: conversation, darts, eavesdropping on others' bizarre and offbeat conversations, affordable pitchers of PBR, classic rock, Philadelphia memorabilia, BYO food (what?! yes.), gin & tonics, and decorative wall art.Remember cash, people. No credit cards in this hole-in-the-wall..and I say "hole-in-the-wall" with a lot of love.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/9/2012,123,206,2,10,10>Sigh.I've been delaying my review of Hop Sing, simply because I don't want anyone except for me to know about it.  However, at this point I think it's clear that, yes, Hop Sing Laundromat exists, and yes, Hop Sing Laundromat is amazing.I suggest ignoring the menu, telling your server what you like, and letting them surprise you. They'll get it right. Trust me. Also, don't order the same thing twice. Even though the drink you had was fantastic, there may be something even more magical about the next one.This is place is classy. Drink here and you will be too.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,3/9/2010,295,89,21,21,20>Chasing the Dragon...I have chased many a dragon...through my life of continual excess, degradation, exploration, exasperation and even flagellation most of my experiences have come because of that damn dragon.The first time you do something wonderful, experience joy, or pass out naked in the Vatican wearing only a beer can hat...it is burned in your soul and your only desire is relive that moment.  It becomes an obsession. It becomes a quest. A pain in your heart and a blackening of your spirit each time you cannot grab a hold of that dragon and suck the marrow from his bones.My dragons have almost killed me.  My dragons have saved me. My dragons have almost ruined me. My dragons have enriched my life.Meet my newest dragon...L'angelo Ristorante.  People I trusted, people who know good food, people who I have spend 17 years in a 10x10 cage, would rave to me about L'angelo...they would tell me how truly special this little BYOB off of broad street was. I would dismiss them. I would curse them. I would flail at them with sharp objects. Eventually, they gave me some money and with the money I made collecting cans it was time to take the woman I am currently living with. The bane of my existence.Several times we sampled the goodness L'agnelo had to offer, and each time I loved it even more.  I was told that this would be the best meal I have ever had. I am not quite ready to say that, but I will say that it is has had the single best Italian dish of my life, and that it has had the most constantly spectacular meals of my life.Without reciting the menu, which never really seems to change, and that is a great thing, I will explain what this place is NOT.  It is NOT a place where you stuff yourself with 2lbs of pasta. It is not a spacious, well lit, cavernous chain Italian eatery. It is not a place you should eat wearing a baseball hat or a hoodie...idiot in the red...you know who you are.What this is...is brilliant. It is simple, unpretentious food done perfectly. It is the excellence of execution (sorry Bret Hart), it is haunting beauty of simply prepared ingredients done perfectly.  Nothing is over the top. Everything feels like you can make it at home...until the car ride back and every millimeter towards your destination tells you that the best you could ever do is a pathetic recreation of elegant simplicity.  The best Italian dish I have ever had is their appetizer. It is a baked trio of mushrooms mixed with garlic and fresh rosemary covered in fontina cheese. Sound simple. It is. Sound like something you can make at home. It isn't. It is so perfectly prepared that I have ate it every time I have gone to L'angelo. The owner has given us their homemade leminchello made with grain alcohol for free every time I have eaten there. Made on premises and it is again perfect in its execution and delightfully refreshing. My last kudos is for a desert that exemplifies their subtle food magic. Tiramisu. Tiramisu can be heavy handed, it can be too light, it can be too kid friendly, it can be utterly forgettable. Here it is a perfect balance of rum, coffee, freshly made ladyfingers and a light and not too overly sweet cream. It is ethereal. It is perfect.L'angelo is a great place to eat. It is reasonably priced especially for how good the food is. You cannot say that you know Philadelphia without eating here. It is an experience. It is my dragon and I am afraid that I will never ever be able to properly chase this dragon outside of those four walls.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,3/8/2010,400,308,9,14,8>Sweet falafel adventure explosion!Hot damn cornucopia of deliciousness!I love this little plant-friendly cart.  I love the singing, smiling man behind the cart. I love his delicious falafel constructions.  This place isn't for the weak-hearted or the tender-stomached.  Be prepared to reek of garlic for the remainder of the day so co-workers be warned.   Perfect green fafalel balls and char-grilled chicken and every time a different mix of delicious components, be it a beet hummous, a mix bag of salads, a myriad of vegetables and fruits, raw or cooked or both, coucous and a melting fusion of sauces and who-knows-what- all I know is that the finished product is a marriage of taste perfection.Falafel truck does abide by a couple strict rules, only two items either a sandwich or a platter can be ordered here, and only one item per person.  The wait on certain days can be lengthy so come early.And yes, $10 is a bit steep (why does he keep raising the prices?) but it's worth it.  His food is so scrumptious, and the portions massive so you'll be stuffed, guaranteed .  Best Cart/Truck food in Philadelphia, no question.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,3/7/2010,96,186,3,8,5>This isn't the original, and an argument can be made against the authenticity of the Comcast Center location. But I've been to the 8th Street bakery and I often stop by here after work for cannolis to take home for dessert and, frankly, it's about the same. It lacks the "Old World" feel, of course, and it's obviously not the same complex operation that they have at the 8th Street store, sure. However, the cannolis taste the same. And that taste is absolutely delicious. I do believe that they use quality ingredients here. The staff is friendly and fast, the cannolis are filled to order, just like at the Italian Market location, and I don't think it's much of a "splurge" calorie-wise (who cares when it comes to a cannoli), in comparison to any other Italian cannoli you'll find out there, or cost-wise, at $3 per cannoli. I don't know how one could say that their desserts lack flavor and authenticity after actually having sampled their desserts. I am a big fan of their chocolate chip cookies, which taste like what I would make myself at home (brown around the edges) and their cupcakes are moist and dense - a difficult to reach combo.If you like Termini Brothers in South Philly, but you can't make it there regularly, or have some time before catching your train at Suburban Station, do yourself a favor and get yourself a cannoli.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,3/6/2010,30,153,4,5,5>Maybe this is overkill, but I'm quickly reviewing North 3rd because of my most recent experience there...1. Our waitress was adorable, sweet, and very attentive.2. My meal: eggs and chili was incredible (eggs and chili over cornbread with sides of potatoes and pico - holy molé!)3. Great crowd, no wait, comfy digs, awesome little crap to look at on the walls.Normally wouldn't contribute to a 117 reviews type of place, but was just really happy with this last experience.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,3/5/2010,1014,321,,9,8>Victoria's class today at the East Passyunk studio was one of the best 90 minutes I've had in ages!  She began class with chanting in a call-and-response style, so even though I haven't ever chanted before, I felt comfortable joining in. The movement part of the class flowed through asanas in the vinyasa style, with enough movement to keep you warm and challenged.  Victoria's adjustments were gentle and extremely helpful to finding the correct posture. The 9:30 class I took this morning was only $7 at the drop-in rate, which is an amazing deal.  I plan to join with an unlimited class card this month.  Thank you and Namaste!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,3/3/2010,70,139,3,8,8>After talking about visiting Prohibition Taproom for the past 2 months, the boyfriend and I finally made it there last night, and we will be back again soon!When you step inside, you feel like you've just gone through a time machine to be back in the 1920s.  They have a lot of neat, little touches that give the place a certain je ne sais quoi.  All of the light-bulbs are the old filament bulbs, and they give the Prohibition Taproom that laid-back, dark and mysterious feeling.  We sat at the bar and our server, Christine, was absolutely awesome.  She was knowledgeable about the beer selection, and recommended several that she thought we would like.  My boyfriend ended up with the "Sweaty Betty," a hefeweisen that I still think he ordered just to say the name.  He loved it, and I enjoyed my pilsner.  We ordered the hummus platter and french onion soup.  The hummus was delicious, and served with warm pita, red peppers, olives, and a bunch of grapes.  It was more than enough, and with the cheesy, delicious soup, we were full and happy.They have happy hour specials from 5-7, and Christine told us that as soon as a keg is kicked, they have something new put in to change up the beer selection constantly.  She also mentioned they are thinking of having a DJ on the weekends, so we are looking forward to checking that out when it happens.  We didn't try the beer battered green beans, but the people on either side of us did and they looked delicious!  Based on past reviews, that is a definite selection.We will definitely be back - Prohibition Taproom is a great place to grab a quick, relatively cheap bite to eat and enjoy a cold beer.  Totally non-pretentious, comfortable, and welcoming.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,2/28/2010,202,329,7,8,6>betty has been busy in philadelphia....first, there's brown betty...then there's smokin' betty...now a speakeasy?  (yes, i know they're not related!)one could almost walk by this shop and miss it--and thank goodness, because a grace tavern burger followed by snacks from this place would cause me to become a heffalump in 2 days.cute interior, lots of treats hidden among the shelves--fudge to ginger candy and sauces galore.  a menu of tasting chocolates and cheeses...but i think the crowning glory are the cupcakes.  if you're looking for a more dense cupcake, this is your answer.  their flavor combinations are rich and complex.  there are times and occasions for these cupcakes...but i think i like the other betty for all occasions...
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,2/27/2010,44,81,5,8,7>This is a hidden gem! I was referred this place by my friend who has oh so cool glasses so I had to check it out.  It is small, but I continue to say: quality not quantity.  I loved these salespeople too, because they did not not pressure me AT ALL.  I came.  I tried.  Unfortunately I left, because none of these awesome frames looked good on my face ( I wish they did, they were so neat), which is the only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars: resentment.  Hopefully they'll look good on you.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,2/26/2010,101,151,10,8,8>The store and the woman behind the counter reminded me of Hot Topic, except less grunge and lack of vinyl "aroma". I was apprehensive about stepping into this store, after all, I was sporting my bright pink I Heart Britney Spears T-shirt and Hello Kitty backpack. The décor reminded me of the circus, minus the clowns [1]. There is a men's and women's section with everything from footed pajamas to cocktail dresses. I never thought of owning a corset for the purposes intended so I overlooked them. Mind you, this is a boutique so anything exquisite would put you well over $300 per item. After realizing this, I walked toward the tiny sale rack and there were a dozen Betsey Johnson dresses hanging there. I found the PERFECT summer slip dress. I turned over the price tag to check the damage and it was only $50. When have you ever seen a Betsey dress, at sale price, under $100? We're in a recession people let's make every dollar count! I realize it was a slim chance that I found the perfect dress for $50 but this place is worth a browse. You never know, the perfect dress may be waiting for you.[1] Totally something out of Britney Spear's Circus music video. What's that? You thought I was kidding about the I Heart Britney shirt?
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,2/25/2010,44,92,4,6,5>i finally tried SAMPAN last night! i know it just opened, but i am a big fan of michael schulson's other restaurant, izakaya, so i have been eagerly awaiting his latest philadelphia outpost. the man and i had reservations for 7:00p and we arrived on time. the hostess was perky and friendly and promptly took us to our table. then we waited . . . and waited . . . and waited. we sat at our table for quite some time without water and without a server taking our drink order. pity, because when i have to wait, i start to nitpick. things i might not have noticed suddenly became peeves. like the uniforms the servers at Sampan wear. Was i at a high end asian fusion place or the GAP? Grey tees, stone washed jeans, and running sneakers. not a good look. The vibe at Sampan seems sleek and sophisticated. would it kill the servers to wear black or something? And the music. i was expecting thievery corporation or portishead -- something atmospheric -- definitely not rambling man or mr. roboto. to say the least, i found the music distracting. Finally, right at the point where i felt it was time to say something, our server recognized the error of his ways. He apologized profusely and seemed genuinely sorry (fyi - a comped drink would have gone a long way. i once waited for less time at buddakan and was comped. over three years ago and i still remember the experience favorably.) i wasn't in the mood for cocktails (although the vietnamese fizz looked good), so i ordered a glass of the sacred hill SV. the wines by the glass were reasonably priced. then we got down to the business of throwing down. even though the food is served family style, our items were brought out in very quick succession. i did not mind at all. we ordered the 1.crab curry fritters -- these were on point. i'd say you get about 10-15 small fried balls of deliciousness, with a hint of kick at the end. lightly fried and served atop yogurt and cilantro to cool things down.  loved them and i would come back and order these at the bar.  thank you very much, michelle c. for the heads up.2. edamame dumplings -- i've had these before at izakaya. you get about four steamed dumplings served in broth with pea shoots. normally i go for fried over steamed dumplings, but these are so delicate. and the edamame filling is creamy.  indeed, i've tried to make these at home and they came out very dry. not so at sampan. 3. ramen noodle soup -- the bbq pork is the star here. shredded, slightly smoky and very, very good.  i don't even eat barbecue! there was enough for my husband and i to both have two small bowls of soup. 4. chicken satay -- nothing to write home about. i would not order again. 5. braised beef short ribs -- can you go wrong with short ribs? really? and they were braised to falling apart perfection. it is served on a smear of chinese mustard. i hate mustard and all condiments, but when i dipped a little piece of meat into the mustard, it really took things to the next level. 6. pork banh mi -- let me say it again . . . pork banh mi! love at first bite.  this was my first time trying banh mi (although it has been on my list of things to experience for a while) and i get the yuppie version. well, $9 doesn't seem overpriced to me. it is a full-sized sandwich on a long roll. it was such a pleasure to eat. in addition to mustard, i also steer clear of aoli/mayo, which is on this sandwich. consider me a fan of aoli now. also, i once had pork belly at ansil that literally tasted like the flabby belly of a pig. i haven't tried it since. i am now a fan! it was moist, yet crispy. just an explosion of flavors on a bun. 7. shrimp and egg fried rice -- not moved by this side at all, but i am not a big egg fried rice person. my husband really enjoyed it. the ham was good. overall, i was a huge fan of the food, not a big fan of the restaurant (if that makes sense). it is not firing on all cylinders yet. i might in the future, however, grab a seat at the bar with a cocktail and a couple of appetizers or the banh mi. p.s. -- i think i love the movie quotes in the bathroom. the recording might be a problem on weekends, though, because i definitely lingered to hear what was next!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,10/9/2012,491,1393,1,9,8>Yes, it's another tea house in Chinatown BUT my red bean, milk, tapioca, and grass jelly drink was creamy and delicious.  I kinda wanted to try the pop bubbles but chickened out.  Next time.  The regular bubbles are pretty good though and have the perfect amount of chewiness.  I think that the key component here is that they are made fresh so you never get a stale bubble.  Service is very fast but you might need to get their attention if it is busy.  Worth a visit if you're in the area and craving some authentic, fresh boba.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,10/8/2012,102,182,2,6,3>GTC has come to fill a special place in my heart. Not only does it satisfy my obsessive feelings about cheese and meat but it also produces one of my favorite dishes in Philadelphia...the lyonnaise duck salad. This salad really isn't much of a salad...instead the frisee is really more something to enhance the tender/melt-in-your-mouth duck confit that is covered with bacon, a poached egg and a mustard sauce that ties the whole dish together. Clearly this dish was well thought out and perfected by those of make it. There's no way I can ever go to GTC and not order this dish. It's just that good. Other highlights from my trips have always included the pastas. They're fresh, cooked to perfection and always leave me wishing I had more room to eat more. My two pasta highlights have got to be the goat bolognese and the lamb pappardelle. Both of these are packed with flavor and melt in your mouth. My only complaint of my last visit was the Chorizo and Clam pizza. I love bechamel and I just couldn't taste it at all which left me disappointed. It also left the pizza a bit dry for my taste. To clarify, I'm not knocking all the pizzas. In fact, I once tried a pizza with shredded pork, figs and a sharp cheese that I still think about but sadly, I'll forget the chorizo and clam one. On my last trip, the night ended perfectly. They clearly were trying to close down but we all really wanted to buy some meats and cheeses so the chef himself came out and spent the extra time with us to pick out some great meats and cheeses. He even gave us tastes etc and chatted with us. Talk about service!Oh, and one last thing...their mozzarella might be the best I've ever had. Get it please. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/6/2012,37,22,3,6,8>This place, quite simply, is awesome. Picture large, outdoor beer garden, picnic tables everywhere, everyone around with drinking, laughing, with smiles on their faces and fire pits making you feel like you are sitting by a campfire in the wintertime. There are two bars outside and bars inside so you never have to wait long to go up, order a beer and walk away with a pint of good German beer in your hand. Plus, they always have a game of dirty Jenga on the table, which keeps it entertaining when you are trying to hear and participate in a conversation with your friends four seats down (one of the drawbacks of picnic-like tables). Last time I came here it was with a group for a friend's birthday which ended up being a blast. My boyfriend got the split-roasted half chicken, which was honestly the most moist, tastiest chicken i have ever had at a restaurant. I got the Jagerschnitzel which was equally tasty, thank God or i would have had major order envy.I highly recommend coming here anytime you want to go out with a group. One note of warning - if you come here in the winter and they have the fire pits going, you will leave smelling like you just slept in a campfire for 3 nights. But when you're getting drunk with your friends, who really cares?
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,10/5/2012,41,132,4,7,5>Audabon Bakeshop once made this flourless lemon cheesecake that was so good that I had finished it before I remembered to offer my boyfriend a taste. And I don't even like lemon.The cheesecake doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore, but I'll still frequent the bakeshop for her macarons. Audrey's flavors are the most innovative in the city and she doesn't seem to be slowing down anytime soon. The delicious flavors, eye-catching colors, and cute packaging all combine for an amazing edible gourmet gift that I know I'll be handing out to visitors and co-workers this year!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,10/4/2012,203,272,,8,5>So Ramen Bar just opened 2 days ago but I predict that once word spreads, Penn undergrads will swamp this place 24/7. So visit soon, while the wait is still on the magnitude of 10's of minutes. The decor here is pretty classy, as are the serving dishes and such: octagonal vermilion chopsticks, fancy Japanese stoneware noodle bowls. Even the spoon (or rather, wooden ladle) that comes with the ramen is like something straight out of the Edo period, though it makes it a bit difficult to get at the bottom of the bowl. Anyway, about the food. The fried octopus balls are pretty good, though they could do with more octopus and less fried coating. The flavors are nice though. We tried the tonkotsu and shoyu ramens. The tonkotsu was a light yet flavorful milky-colored broth with thinner, smoother, white ramen noodles. The shoyu is a brown broth that is slightly saltier and packs a rich umami punch. The noodles are the thicker, chewier-type yellow ramen, which I think gives it a slight edge over the tonkotsu. The pork is tasty, but the regular $10 bowl only gives you one piece. I'd go with the $12 bowl (charshumen), which gives you 3. I might skip the marinated boiled egg next time, it wasn't that marinated and didn't come whole with a nice runny yolk inside.It seems that their bar and credit card machines aren't up and running yet, and neither are a few of the menu items. No matter, I'm sure they'll work it out in time. On a side note, it's funny and kind of cute that they make their servers greet you Japanese-style with a "irashaimasse!" Overall, this is some tasty ramen served in a pleasant and convenient space, so the slightly higher prices are kinda worth it.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/3/2012,36,106,,8,4>We both got chicken cheesesteak hoagies and enjoyed them very much.  The roll is great - freshly baked and thin so you can really taste the ingredients of the sandwich (I hate it when rolls are really thick and all you get is the taste of bread - I often ask them to pull out a doughy interior).  There was a generous and tasty portion of meat inside the sandwich too.  The fries were delicious - freshly made and thick enough to get that real potato taste and served with a yummy horseradish sauce.There is an eat-in dining area complete with the ubiquitous tv with the Game on as well as a couple of outdoor picnic tables.  The owner was very nice and pleasant and seems very enthusiastic about his food which is great.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/2/2012,90,219,2,11,10>The Wissahickon Valley Trail is one of the most beautiful and under-appreciated gems of Philadelphia.  The city always touts the Fairmount Park system, as it is the largest public park system of any major city in the US, but there is hardly enough emphasis on the right parts. I grew up in rural southern New Jersey, and I started living in the city when I went to college.  10 years later, I still pine for the natural features and beauty of the country.  The walk my girlfriend and I took on Sunday reminded me both of what I longed to have, as well as what I can get in Philadelphia.  We saw so many wild animals, birds, natural springs, a covered bridge, flowers, plants, and so much more.  We got great exercise, plenty of sun, and breathed deeply the fresh, near-summer air (cooled by the water and the shade-- it was 90 degrees that day and felt like 80).  I want to go back every weekend if just to breath the air.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/1/2012,112,203,6,14,7>While I was sitting eating dinner last night at the bar with my roommate she turned to me and said, "I'm SO GLAD this is our neighborhood bar" and it occurred to me that I am absolutely in love with this place. Here are a few reasons why:- I have never had a single bad food item at this place. In fact everything I eat here (which is most likely the entire menu by this point) is good to outstanding. - The staff is awesome, super duper attentive, easy to get along with and after being somewhat of a "regular" here (ok maybe more than somewhat) I know them on first name basis and have actually made friends with one or two of them. Real life friends. Made of bartenders. Gotta love it.- They are the only place I know of in the neighborhood (and really most of the city) that keeps their kitchen open till 1:30 every single night.  A lot of places SAY they do this, but when you walk in and no one is in there, they are all like "oh the kitchen closed because no one was here yadayadada"- That brings me to the next point, there is a good crowd there EVERY night! I kid you not, come on Wednesday night at 12:30am, there will be a crowd and it will be happy. This is just a sign of a great place that everyone wants to be at.- They have specials. Almost every night. Bitter Monday. Tight Lipped Tuesday. Pork me Sunday (I didn't make this up I swear thats what it's actually called). - If you are a beer connoisseur (snob) this place hits up some really unique, sometimes rare, and always quality breweries. Check out High Gravity once a month on Wednesday night for their high ABV beer selection. And plan on walking home.- There are now two floors and both have unique vibes but great atmospheres. - Happy hour. Happy hour. Happy hour! Brunch, brunch brunch!I wanna hug and kiss this place and give it a friendship bracelet or something.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,9/30/2012,135,283,5,8,8>"Two. Three. Four. Five. Sixers. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seventy-Sixers!"Try to get that out of your head.Last night I went to my first ever NBA basketball game to see game six of the Eastern Conference Semi-Finals--Celtics at Sixers. I have been a Celtics fan for years, but these Sixers fans do NOT mess around with their Boston bashing so I played it cool. Highlights:-The stadium was nice and clean and convenient to the AT&T subway stop (even if it was incredibly hot, crowded, uncomfortable, and filled with the worst kind of trash-talking bros on the way back).-Allen Iverson showed up. Whaaaat?! It happened.-They pulled out some serious stops including but not limited to jets of flames, projections onto white curtains that descended from the ceiling, acrobatic trampoline basketball gymnast performances, etc.-They gave out free XL t-shirts (try making that look sexy) and towels to everyone. Nice touch.On a fan note, I was pleasantly surprised at how into it the Sixers fans were. The energy in the arena was intense, no one missed an opportunity to yell at anyone in a Celtics jersey, and the kiss cam showed things you will never, I repeat NEVER, see on a kiss cam in St. Louis. The whole thing was topped off by fan footage of a man who took off his shirt to entertain everyone with the sight of his huge, jiggling stomach as he danced. Now that's a game to remember.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,9/29/2012,43,162,3,7,5>Mamma mia! The moment I laid eyes on this corner restaurant, I knew it was a gem - it looks like Tony Soprano is inside, eating, right now. I was not surprised to read about a mob shooting that took place here a few decades back. If that doesn't add to the authenticity, I don't know what does.And it just got better. The room was mostly full, a small dining room with pictures on the mantle and good old tunes playing quietly beneath the pleasantly noisy conversations around us. And our meal was gorgeous, not to mention delicious - great mussels, great eggplant rollatini (I usually don't like eggplant), amazing manicotti and the most beautiful plate of seafood cioppino I've ever seen. We chose from an abundant wine list, and saved room for some of the best tiramisu I've tasted in a long time.But the service - I might go as far as to say that this was the best, most perfectly timed service I've ever had. Our waiter, a middle-aged, mustachioed fellow, never offered his name, but he did time our plates perfectly, left us alone long enough to digest, and even combed our crumbs away. The busboys and water servers were all spot on, too. They really earn their money at this place.This place was just stellar. I look forward to knowing them well enough to ask for the non-shooting section.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/29/2012,393,710,4,15,10>After having dined at Horizons many times, and being saddened by its closing (like other reviewers mentioned) I was unsure how I would feel about Vedge.  I live rather close to where Horizons used to be and I was upset that they decided to pick up shop and move to CC.  Still, I knew the food would most likely be awesome so I knew I had to give it a fair shot to impress me.We arrived without a reservation and were able to grab two seats at their really awesome and beautiful bar.  In fact, the whole restaurant has wonderful decoration.  The bar is L-shaped, white (marble/granite?) and soft lighting in the back of it.  I remember liking the music although I can't remember what familiar tunes were playing.  The main dining room that I peered into had tables with deep brown seating surfaces and the same soft elegant lighting.  It's an impressive place.Food-wise, you're getting exactly what you would expect.  Delicious and daring vegan cuisine at what I would consider to be a fair price for this neighborhood.  The cauliflower over creamy sriracha sauce and the smoked eggplant braciole are not to be missed.  The daikon winter rolls and royal trumpets also were definitely tasty items that embodied all the skill in preparation that this kitchen can turn out.Drink wise, they have a nice wine list and a small but well appointed beer menu.  They offer a happy hour special comprised of 4 wines, 2 beers and a few small bites that look to be a great deal.I think my return trip to Vedge will involve a larger group so I can sample more of their menu.  The food here was so tasty that as I was eating it, I got hungrier.  In my opinion, their "dirt list" referred to by other reviews will surely keep the restaurants offerings new and fresh while their regular menu will serve to be staples that people crave and come back for time and time again.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/27/2012,126,258,9,9,7>Soy café makes me wish I were a "NoLibber" (I'm not quite sure if anyone actually uses that term but, whatever).Anyway, Soy is everything you could ever want in a café venue:(a) Delicious & unique specialty beverages (smoothies, teas, coffees - made to order with their homemade soy milk, of course. I particularly enjoyed their Soy Chai and Cocoaberry smoothie - cocoa, bananas, raspberries, oatmeal, soymilk & honey)(b) Fresh, healthy dishes and snacks including a wide variety of vegan options (that grilled eggplant wrap, just...wow. PLUS it's surprisingly filling)(c) Plentiful seating (including a cute little outdoor patio area in the back)(d) Quiet, relaxing atmosphere aided in part by the lime green and bright purple color accents(e) Various magazines & newspapers to peruse to your heart's content(f) Service with a smileDespite its admirability, I must share a few words of caution:-They are cash only, but have an atm-They are slow - definitely not a "grab and go" type place unless you are just getting a coffee or a counter-sitting baked good. Everything's made to order - aka you WILL in fact witness the peeling of the carrots on your wrap. This could be quite agonizing if you are in a rush. I warned you.In conclusion, I will continue to walk my 1.8 miles to patronize Soy. Did you hear that Mugshots? DID YOU HEAR THAT?
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,3/26/2012,113,122,6,9,8>Zahav deserves six stars.  I've been three times and have had three incredible, incredible meals.I went with six people on Black Friday and had a wonderful experience.  We started at the bar and waited for the other half of our party.  The manager served us, got into a discussion about wine, and was soon pouring us tastings of some delicious bottles we'd never tried (but soon ordered a bottle of to the table!).  It was a charming and fun way to begin the evening.Once seated we were easily talked into a tasting menu for six.  We gave some ideas of what we'd like for our appetizers, and the rest was handled for us.Two towers (and I do mean towers) of small salads appeared with two kinds of hummus (one cold and refreshing, one hot and comforting) and hot, hot bread.  It was almost impossible not to fill up right then and there... But I knew what else was coming.Grilled duck hearts, big and plump and delicious.  Sweetbreads seasoned in a way no other restaurant could even attempt.  Incredible house-smoked sable on a thick grilled slice of challah with a fried egg soaking into it.  That fun fried cauliflower. Plate after plate after plate of amazing food.The service was impeccable.  Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and very pleasant all night.  The sommelier (sent over by the manager who'd been so engaging at the bar) gave excellent recommendations (some Austrian Riesling and an Israeli syrah).  The restaurant even sent over a complimentary dish of crispy (fried?) haloumi cheese with a date jam, which turned out to be one of my favorite dishes, despite wanting to literally have sex with just about every food item brought out all night.And then out came the main course, available only on the tasting menu, a full lamb shoulder, slow-cooked for three days (!!!), so tender it might have fallen apart just moving the plate too quickly, but with a crispy, amazing skin (the best part of just about any animal) coated in pomegranate and chick peas.  I cannot even describe how delicious this lamb was.  It jumped into my top five dishes in the city very, very quickly.  It was served with a delicious rice, touched with that delicious pomegranate sauce, cooked in a pan so it has a perfectly crusty browned edge.And somehow all that food was just $45/person.  I don't understand it, but I am not arguing.What a meal, Zahav.  I will be back, hopefully many more times.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,3/25/2012,585,298,11,10,10>Chocolate covered Bacon!: Let that roll around in your mind and I'll get back to it later on in my review. I was walking to Holt's Cigars after leaving the Reading Terminal's Beer Garden where I was sitting and crying in my Yeungling about the closing of Harry Ochs, my favorite butcher that had just closed. Sad, sad day. On my way to Holt's I passed a small sandwich spot that caught my eye because they had a big roll of paper towels on each table. Right away my Spidey senses were tingling! If they have a huge roll of towels on every table then they must have great big sloppy sammiches! I looked around, grabbed a menu and went on my merry way to Cigar Heaven where a couple of friends, Frank and Dean met me in the smoking lounge. A Cigar and a Espresso later, we decided we were hungry and we went to Jake's for a Sandwich. We all ordered the Pulled Pork, mine was The 50/50 which was half Bacon along with Sharp Provolone and a nice sauce, Frank had one with a load of hot peppers and crushed peppers so he was assured he wouldn't taste anything and I don't know what Dean had because it was gone in a couple of minutes. My sandwich was fantastic, the Pork was tender and flavorful and the Bacon added a smoky touch to it. The roll was perfect, it held up fine, trapping all the juices in. Frank raved about his sandwich and Dean want's to try the 2 foot sandwich challenge and get his picture on the Wall of Fame! Now the Chocolate covered Bacon. One of the staff offered us a sample-Dare we try something so wrong and so weird? Hell yes! And it was great! Salty, crisp, thick cut Bacon dipped in smooth Dark Chocolate....where have you been all my life!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,3/24/2012,79,66,6,6,6>The Knights Templar quested for the Holy Grail which is all fine and good, but I'm on a far more important quest: to find an egg-salad sandwich as delicious as the tea sandwiches served at the Four Seasons in Philly.Egg salad's a tricky beast and needs to be seasoned correctly otherwise, you're just eating smushed up eggs and mayo on spongy white bread. And that is disgusting.Thankfully, Shoo Mama was up to the challenge. And child, Mama knows how to make a rockin' egg salad sandwich.Almost every item on the menu is named after someone's mama -- Dewey, Becky, Johnny, Lance. I don't know who these people are, but they must be pretty well-fed thanks to their awesome matriarchs.I ordered the Jackson's Mama - an egg salad sandwich on rye with romaine, red pepper and red onion. The creamy egg salad (well-seasoned with black pepper and dill, I believe?) made a great contrast to the snap of the onion, pepper and lettuce.A good sandwich is like a life well lived -- you want it to be spicy, sweet, salty, soft, crunchy and above all - fresh. A stale sandwich, much like a stale life, will just make you sad.  Yes. My world view (like Liz Lemon's) is based on sandwiches. No, I do not apologize for it.In addition to a crunchy pickle, you also get to pick one side to accompany your delicious sandwich so I picked the fresh-cut potato chips. Cooked in-house, these dark brown potato chips are crunchy, well-salted and make you believe in the presence of a benevolent god when you put them inside the sandwich. Trust me on this one, guys. Potato chips in any sandwich always make it better. Always.With great service, locally-farmed and organic produce, reasonable prices and delicious food, Shoo Mama's is a great place to grab lunch and I can't wait to go back and check out the rest of the menu.P.S. -- Added bonus? Shoo Mama's egg salad sandwich not only costs way less than dining at the Four Seasons, it's about seven times bigger.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,3/23/2012,400,308,8,11,9>I like dive bars and those unpretentious watering holes where one can literally roll out of bed and belly up to the bar and order a frothy beverage. But there are those times when I want to dress up to the nines, put on some red lipstick and take myself out for a grown-up, fancy lady cocktail.Franklin's the place to get that accomplished.With its nondescript exterior, replete with a suited-up host, and a menu that reads like a JD Salinger novel: this is a dark place for dark deeds.What fancy lady wouldn't want to drink cocktails titled "Queen Bitch", "Sweet Sixteen in Leather Boots",  and "Riddles in the Dark"? (a fancy lady that's also a bad-ass, I'd presume).The wait can be lengthy, the drinks price-y and the concept maybe too trendy - but you can't shake the fact that these cocktails are perfectly made, always in the right glassware with service that is professional and knowledgeable.  Intimate, romantic, the 1920's atmosphere engenders tête-à-tête whispering conversations.  Here, fancy ladies sip their drink, giggle coquettishly, tip generously (yes, fancy ladies can pay their own way - this place is only 1920's to a point) and then disappear long into the night.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,3/22/2012,41,190,3,5,3>Went exploring in Northern Liberties with a friend of mine who was visiting in Philadelphia.  We came upon Bloom, and boy what a fun treat that was!  The store is not very big, but it is jam-packed with delightful designs and funky frocks you just can't wait to try on.  I put on a fedora that I came across, and when it was time to leave the store I simply could not take it off my head!  So I had to buy it, clearly!  As soon as I walked out, I got two or three compliments on my new hat!  So fun.When you don't know what to get for the woman who has everything, come to Bloom, and you'll be sure to find something unique and fun that she'll love.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,3/21/2012,152,76,5,9,7>pizza week - stella's answer to philly restaurant week is actually a solid deal.you get to choose a starter (an app or a salad or a soup), a pizza, and a happy ending (gelato) - all for $25. my sister and i took my mom out for lunch, and between the three of us, we chose the arancini and the marinated olives for our starters - both were delightful.we had a difficult time narrowing down our choices for pizza - they all sounded great.we decided on the quattro formaggi (sauce/4 cheeses), the pepperoni (abbruzze pepperoni/mozz/sauce) and the san daniele (proscuitto/smoked mozz/arugula) - they were delicious. (i think the arugula might have benefitted from a post-bake drizzle of olive oil, but that might just be me)i would love to try the pistachio, the mushroom, the zucchini, the pancetta, the tartufo, and the piccante pizzas...damn you, stella - STELLLLLAAAAAAAAAHHHH - you make me sound like a glutton!the crust is a tender and delicate version of chewy - nice and thin and tasty, it was beautifully spotted with char (this is a good thing). the toppings were delicious, and generous...we ended up eating only half of all three pies, so home the rest wentthe honey-mascarpone gelato was delicate and delicious, and the stracciatella was generously veined with chocolate - nice for 3 to share.they make a good espresso here - italian-mamma-approved.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,3/20/2012,828,1172,19,19,14>What the deuce?894 Reviews + 106 Review Updates = this technically adding up to review 1000 for McThrill!894 is one bizarre ass number to reach 1000 on, and for that reason this review has to be equally bizarre and filled with plenty of asses! And for both it really doesn't get any better than the Republican!On the one side of South Philly after hours you might find yourself getting that regrettable cheesesteak, and on the other you might find yourself getting that just off perfect after hours breakfast at Melrose Diner. But if you're still feeling a sense of wanton debauchery that you'll definitely be sleeping off the next day, and are still looking for an OMG Factor, then you'll find it at the Republican.The good news is that no Santorum spreads inside this Republican(someone had to!). But the bad news is that the Real Slim Shady gladly stands up on multiple occasions. And for that the Republican can just as easily earn 1 or 2 stars as it can earn 4 or 5. But I'm curving to 4 for its overall randomness that is quite unmatched. from the random dancers that come from The Dolphin and other spots, to the strong drinks and puffs of smoke, it never fails at leading to one of those rare nights that should only be experienced in small doses.And for that I dub the Republican the best ideas of the worst ideas!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,3/19/2012,169,704,2,13,3>I just feel like I need to update this review.  I'm a regular here.  I average about three times a month for lunch.  I just have to say that one of the best things about this place is that they maintain the quality of their food.  I know exactly what I'm going to get every time.  This is very important to me because not every Indian restaurant in this area is good at that.  While some Indian places have some dishes that might be tastier than what this place has, I can honestly say that I've never had a bad item here.  Maybe some places are more flavorful in some of their dishes.  But the important thing about Himalayan is that they are always well crowded during lunch.  This helps them do a better job in keeping the buffet fresh.  Also, everyone I've ever taken here who is new to Indian food has come away more of a fan.  I think this place is perfect for "first-timers" on the buffet.  And there's enough spice to satisfy more experienced fans of Indian flavor.  Personal favorites of mine include the Gobi Manchiurian (best I've ever had of this dish), the Chicken Kabob Masala (I've never seen any other restaurant make this particular dish, and it's fantastic), and the Chili Chicken (goes perfectly if eaten on a hot piece of naan). Plus, the owner of this establishment is quite honestly the nicest guy you will ever meet.  It's at the point now where he knows my favorite dishes, and if they don't have them on the buffet, he will actually have the cook make some for me.  Let's just say I've never left here without having my Gobi Manchurian.  Great touch that keeps me coming back.  Finally, 8 bucks for a lunch buffet, how can you beat that?
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/18/2014,102,182,2,6,7>An excellent addition to the Tria empire of Philly! There were about 6 of us and we were lucky enough to get a table at 7 during Philly beer week. A taproom miracle! The draft beer and wine lists were pretty extensive. They included a great selection of everything! I loved how they handed out ipads to view the drink selections. It helped to include nice details about everything so you knew exactly what you were getting. We then asked our waiter to help us with some of his favorite menu selections and he didn't steer us wrong. Everything we tried were very tasty. One dish stood out for me...the octopus. Now, I love octopus and I will say that this may have been the most tender octopus I've ever tried. Absolutely order it if you love octopus. After the octopus, I really enjoyed the po boy poppers. Great flavors and a perfectly fried oyster. Delicious. We then tried two flat breads. The mushroom and the duck. Both were really good. As a lover of sweet and savory, I really enjoy the duck more. All in all, I was impressed and can't wait to go back. This is a great place to grab some drinks and food with friends to spend or start your night!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/17/2014,53,63,3,7,11>This place is doooooooooope! I've been here many times and I never tire of it. It's got a very casual atmosphere and the food is served buffet-style. You can get a huge plate of food for relatively cheap- 7$ for two dishes over rice and $9 for three. They have a pretty solid variety of vegan offerings (vegetable stew, eggplant, tempeh, and greens, sometimes others) and there is usually also a vegetarian tofu dish with eggs as well in addition to the meat offerings. My favorites are the greens and tempeh- a heavenly combination with house made hot sauce that is flavorful but not super spicy. The people who work here are also very sweet. They overheard my friend and I talking about our favorite Miyazaki movies and offered to let us borrow "Grave of the Fireflies", their personal favorite. That just goes to show how friendly and trusting they are here. The one thing I wish is that they would bring back the mysterious vegetarian noodle dish I had here several months ago- it was SO delicious, but I haven't seen it since January!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/16/2014,265,255,4,7,6>An errand first brought us to this rather undistinguished part of town, and we decided to  grab breakfast in the 'hood before moving on to the next item on the "to do" list.  The Yelp Nation (thanks Yelpers) led us here, and we now are huge fans of Pete's Clown House!   If ever there was a diner that belonged in a Rocky film, this is it.  Everyone is in high gear; the waitstaff knows the regulars' names, life stories and usual orders; the griddle master-owner, visible through the front window,  deftly juggles huge numbers of orders while variously singing and gently managing the chaos; and the food is darn good for a pittance.   Here, most delightfully, classic Philly accents and patois fill the air.The best seats in the house are at the counter, where you can truly enjoy the three-ring circus that is Pete's.   We watched as many as eight wait persons and kitchen staff tended to their appointed tasks in  in the narrow space between the counter and the back wall.  There were no collisions, no dropped china and everyone was polite to and cooperative with their co-workers.Our generously-proportioned breakfasts were quickly served and our coffee cups were kept full.   Mr. M. had a cheese and egg omelet, home fries, scrapple, rye toast and coffee. All of which he  proclaimed excellent.   I had the "He Man" breakfast to have an opportunity to sample several items.   For $5.99, my breakfast included 2 eggs over easy, 5 strips of bacon, a huge mound of home fries, buttered rye toast, a pancake and coffee.   The eggs were perfectly cooked and even had a crunchy, lacy edge,   The bacon, which was shared, was perfectly crisp.  The home fries were the real deal (we saw the vats of sliced (not shredded) boiled potatoes delivered to the grill-master) and had a good crust on them.   I had only three bites of the pancake, and it was o.k.   I prefer pancakes that have more loft.  My husband was kind enough to polish it off.  The coffee was robust and favorful without a bitter finish.Pete's is incredibly popular, and by 10:00, there was a queue awaiting tables.  And we surmise that SOS is one of the most popular items as they went through at least three gallons of it during the hour we were there.We look forward to many future trips to Pete's.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,10/15/2014,37,171,3,9,7>Oh boy, Michael's Cafe. Believe it or not I've had some great nights here, despite being twenty years younger than most of the crowd. In fact, maybe that's what made it so great.I hear that this place used to be a big meat market for those looking to hook up, but I get the feeling these days it's mostly for those looking to dance their problems away and get some drinks in them. It's pretty big inside, but even on the weekends the building rarely fills up. Everyone seems to just hang out near the dance floor, and even that area is seldom truly packed. I usually use the first bar on the right hand side when you walk in, since few people are ever there and you get served right away. Their Long Island iced teas are nice and strong, and for the past year they've had 2 dollar shot specials. I'm pretty sure their shots come from a pre made bottle but it's all good.Dancing here is fun and mostly judgment free, it's okay to not just grind on people like is all to common at most clubs. The dance floor is comprised of mostly women and it's obvious why, this is a place that feels comfortable and inclusive. However there are some people who are, erm, off but I suppose that's the way it is at all bars and clubs. Tons of cougars who always hit on my male friends, very few silver foxes though (sorry to report for those who like older men). A lot of fun if nothing else.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,10/14/2014,66,74,4,11,5>I never thought to ever come here, never thought I'd give it 5 stars either...but what can you do when it's weirdly freezing out, there's like nothing between Market/Arch and 16th/18th (so when is City Tap House opening?), and there were no complaints on the outing and actually just pleasant surprise after surprise?! 5 stars, bang.WOW! The place is very nice inside with two floors of seating and full bars on both levels. The crowd was varied in age, but was neither boring nor rowdy -- very chill, almost felt like a speakeasy when we went! The only thing with the interior is that the chairs are SO uncomfortable...it's like sitting on wooden planks. They have outdoor seating, which is probs fun for nice days since it's right on the parkway!The menu is typical Irish bar, BUT they have daily specials that add that spice! Today's specials included chicken Alfredo and a Cajun burger... both very atyps for an Irish bar! Pleasant surprise #1. Service was great! Our waitress, Rachel, was very nice and attentive. As we checked in on Yelp, we received 15% off of dinner. SO many places tsk tsk at this -- read my other reviews -- and Rachel was so nice about it; pleasant surprise #2! Honestly, if you're gonna be weird about it THEN DON'T PUT A COUPON ON YELP. THANKS CON MURPHY'S FOR BEING CHILL!The food itself was delish! And presented very nicely (check out the pics!). That was pleasant surprise #4. Pleasant surprise #5 was that they had super cute pictures of JFK and Jackie Kennedy on the walls -- very unique for an Irish pub and an aww moment.Con Murphy's  was a super interesting find with a lot of depth for an Irish bar. I would come again for the great service, change-ups on the menu, and the unique and unexpected details they probs didn't even know were charming!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/13/2014,25,73,5,5,5>This pizza shop is quite small, but it doesn't need to be big to be good. Very limited seating as well, but who needs to sit to eat a slice? They have tons of specialty pizzas here, but also tons of regular ones too, so you are bound to find something you like. I've been adventerous plenty of times here, but the last time I went, I just opted for bbq chicken slice.All pizzas come on top of a nice and crispy crust...my absolute must in a crust (haha, that rhymed!) No soft chewy and mushy crust for me, please! (whoa, I'm on a roll). It is also very flavorful. For the bbq chicken, it had a great bbq taste that didn't overpower the pizza feel and the chicken was not dried out. As for price - pretty decent. I didn't think it was outrageous, especially being in the Philly area.Overall: If you are hankering for a specialty slice, while your friend wants something simple, this is your go to place. You will always find something delicious
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/12/2014,67,101,4,5,7>THE. PERFECT. DATE. RESTAURANT.If you are trying to decide where to go for a lovely, fabulous, delicious, memorable dinner--look no further than Bistrot La Minette.Every single part of our dinner was worth raving about. Our server, Edward, was FANTASTIC! Our appetizers--the Heirloom Tomato Salad and Pea & Parsley Soup were INCREDIBLE. Our entrees--the 1/2 Roast Chicken and Braised Short Rib were YUM! Our dessert--the piece de resistance!--the Creme Brulee with fresh Blackberries and the Peach Tart with homemade Apricot Sorbet--WOW!Stop reading my review and go make a reservation!!!! (but eat inside since the building next door is currently under construction and isn't too picturesque at the moment)
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,10/11/2014,144,370,5,8,6>I am a particular fan of River Horse's IPAs, so stopping by for a tour on Labor Day weekend was a must. I've never been to the old Lambertville location, but the Ewing location is huge and very industrial (this includes the tasting room)-- clearly it will work wonders for River Horse's expansion in the next few years. Our $5 tour included tastings of beer throughout and was a great overview for their brewing process. We even got to try their newest pumpkin ale (heavy on the cinnamon), which was just being released for fall. Our guide talked fast, but he had a lot of information to impart. My favorite part about the tour was the table they set up with the different hop varieties they use in their brews. Often, breweries just show you one type of their hops or hop pellets, but at River Horse, you could smell them all at the same place, which helps newcomers distinguish the different scents of the herb.Overall, a good tour, with lots of cool brews on tap and merchandise available for purchase.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/10/2014,92,160,4,9,8>When people know you're into Yelp they set your food recommendations on a pedestal. This can really put a lot of pressure on you when you're hosting some friends and they say we want to grab a quick lunch. With the help of Paesano's this is no longer an issue. Boo and I have been here many times (mostly the day following a night of heavy drinking) but we've also brought quite a number of family and friends here and no one has left unhappy. In my opinion you can never go wrong with the Bolognese, the Arista, or the Paesano. They will satisfy anyone's tastes. I'm a huge fan of the Liveracce myself but I am into organ meat. Honestly whenever I'm at Paesano's I feel like if I saw someone else doing what I was doing on the Travel Channel or Food Network I'd think to myself "damn, I wish we had Paesano's in Philly." If you're from Philly and haven't been here yet shame on you. If you're visiting and are looking for the truest in the game, go to Paesano's (just don't forget cash).
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/9/2014,269,506,3,14,11>Sometimes even native Philadelphians enjoy the touristy stuff, like waiters in colonial garb.  I know this Philly girl loved the ambiance and experience that was City Tavern.As soon as you walk in, you get the feeling you are walking in the famous footsteps of hungry patriots of yesteryear.  The building looked very period-appropriate, which I find fascinating.  Our waiter was adorable in his colonial get-up, too.Most places like this would rest on their gimmick and forgo great food, but not City Tavern. The food here was nothing short of phenomenal.  If you're like me and venison and rabbit meat don't necessarily do it for you, thankfully there are a few specials nightly that appeal to a larger audience.  I ordered the lobster pot pie, which was a culinary masterpiece.  The lobster pieces were quite large and delicious, as were the accompanying shrimp and scallops. The sauce was a delicious buttery concoction, as was the pastry crust.  Simply amazing.  I washed it all down with a Tavern Porter (brewed by Yards) for the closest thing to an authentic 18th century dining experience as I was willing to try.City Tavern is the kind of place to visit if you are a tourist or just rediscovering your own city.  The food is delicious, service impeccable, and ambiance can't be beat.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/22/2013,82,189,3,4,5>I'm really impressed with Nomad. Tonight was fantastic: I was in and out of there with a fantastic to-go order in two shakes of a pizza's tail. Like, mere minutes.Their product is excellent, the environment is very pleasant, they've got late hours, and a personal thing: there's none of that BYO BS -- they've got a full wine selection. (It remains totally mysterious to me why locals love the BYO, when the wine you can buy from the state stores is a literal abomination. Not to mention, am I supposed to be carrying around a wine bottle just in case the mood strikes? Ridiculous concept.)Anyway back on point: the soppresata pizza's king, the shitake is subtle and fantastic, and the root vegetable salad of beet and carrot is a giant smiling emoticon of yum. They even have regular thrilling movie nights!My one beef, and it's small: I haven't seen anything chocolate on the dessert menu. After a nice neopolitan pizza and a glass of Cab, my soul needs chocolate.PS I've seen a review or two citing soggy pizza middles. I have not experienced that -at all. It's definitely the fatal flaw of Barbuzzo's far inferior pizza, but for me anyway, a total non-issue here.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,2/21/2013,189,352,6,8,5>This place is better than your typical brunch place. You can get scrambled eggs and some rye bread here, but why not just make that for yourself at home, kid?? I love brunch places that have specials that are inventive. When I went on Sunday they had Pizelle French Toast-- word to the wise you have to like the flavor of anise (licorice) to enjoy that special, but it was definitely done well if you like that flavor. You're better off ordering the red velvet pancakes which are the size of my afro (re: large).I had the burrito which was also HUGE. I think it would have been better if they cut the vegetables up more finely-- I was eating like huge chunks of lightly sautéed onions which is always sort of awkward (for my boyfriend who finds watching me tear through food terrifying). My two guys friends ordered the kitchen sink which came with this white gravy that was delicious! And you can get it on the side, but I thought the amount served was perfect. My two dudes who I've seen devour steak and eggs for breakfast were bent over pounding their fists crying uncle.In general the food here was good with a lot of options on the menu but the amount is definitely American-sized. So come with an appetite or better yet, come split something with a friend or a lover and have a cheaper but filling and interesting breakfast.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/19/2013,203,269,2,8,6>It's been almost a year since I last stopped by Morimoto for dinner. We opted for another chef's tasting menu--the 120 edition. What I loved was that the waiter asked if we'd like a similar experience to the last time we had the tasting menu or some new dishes. Impressed that the restaurant would even be so considerate as to offer a "new" tasting menu, we said, "Sure, throw something new at us."To be honest, I preferred the dishes from the last time's menu better. The original tasting menu felt more true to original Japanese cuisine, with quality that depended on freshness. Here's what I think about the updated tasting menu: The ingredients were more luxurious, the dishes were more complex and had more interesting, daring combinations (think uni+sesame tofu and salmon+yogurt+parmesan brulee--yeah, like crème brulee, but with parmesan). It seemed like less food, though. Some of the dishes were the same, though, including the sushi, short rib steak (drool!), and dessert. Of course, everything was still delicious and top-quality.Morimoto's still the man.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,2/18/2013,503,395,9,10,8>Run to runners, with a bottle of rum in order to mutter!I don't know what that means, but Runners Fish Market makes me so happy that I start speaking in tongue.  I came here with a group of 6, barely any wait at dinner hour (if you go to Vinny's nearby the wait is SUPER long).  We were starved so ordered right away, the special of the day was the Firecracker calamari and they are tangy little rings of heaven fried crispy and then drizzled with some kind of crack addicting-finger licking heavenly sauce.  I nearly had pull the last one right off my boyfriends fork because they were so good. The portion is GIANT (and cheap only $10), we shared with our whole table and still had plenty.Then we got the Seafood Combination platter for our meal and that was just as satisfying. It was a little bit of everything for the fatty foodie in you to try (and yelp about!). We had a perfectly seasoned crab cake, fluffy, thick and melted in  your mouth. There was a piece of grilled fish that just fell apart in the best of ways and jumped into your palate.  Also some shrimp that I had no room for after the salad AND side of french fries that we had scarfed down.And just when you think, this place could not possibly make your vacation down the shore any better.......I tell you.....this place is also BYOB!  Come here on a night that you do not plan on dancing, moving or doing ANY physical activity after your meal, because you will be stuffed and naturally in a very satisfying food coma.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/17/2013,194,389,2,6,4>I can see why this place has so many 5 stars.I went to Amada last night with 4 of my friends for restaurant week. It was busy but we were still seated within a few minutes of arriving. Service was perfect. Our waitress was great at describing the dishes, making recommendations and handling a busy night with a table of indecisive females. Food was brought out quickly but not too fast that we felt rushed.This is a great value for restaurant week. For $35, we each got 2 appetizer tapas, 2 entree tapas and dessert.My absolute favorites were the Aged Manchego Cheese and Ham Croquettes. The aged manchego cheese comes with this truffled lavender honey spread- when you put the toast, apple, cheese and spread together, it is heavenly. I am normally not a big fan of ham but the ham in the croquettes was subtle- I have no idea what else is in the 5 delicious balls but the taste is uniquely delicious and is now one of my favorite dishes in Philly.I also tried the garlic shrimp, madre e hijo (chicken breast with truffles & fried egg), scallops, and flatbread with shrimp, chorizo & garbanzo bean purée. I am not a huge fan of chorizo so the flatbread with chorizo was probably a bad choice on my part. It definitely has a strong taste of chorizo so chorizo lovers would probably enjoy it. All the dishes were tasty and generously sized for being tapas.I really liked both desserts- crema catalana (spanish custard, pistachio and semifreddo, cranberry) and arroz con leche (rice pudding, figs and pine nuts). Both were unique and very good. I can see how picky eaters may not like these desserts, but if you are looking for something sweet but a little different from the typical desserts, you will probably love these.I love the feel of the restaurant and the dim lighting.  We sat at the front, closest table to the door and next to the large windows, so it was a bit chilly since it was only 19 degrees out last night. But I bet in warmer weather with the nice large windows open, this would be a wonderful place to sit.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,2/16/2013,274,264,5,10,7>Well, well, well, what do we have here?  Looks like a few Stephen Starr veterans have opened up a restaurant in good ol'  Riverton, NJ.We decided to check this place out for dinner. I like the ambiance. It has a clean-cut, upscale vibe to it (without being too cheeky).  The wood paneling on the walls and dining tables (made of reclaimed lumber/wood)  adds a nice touch. They have a 'living wall' planter  with boxes of growing spices and herbs that are used in the recipes! They have a tiled wall that pays homage to Broad Streets (both Philly and Riverton),  Route 611 & other Philly landmarks.  They have a custom made pizza oven (dome) that cranks out Neapolitan-style pizza (between 800-900 degrees). At the moment, District Six Eleven (D611) does not appear to have an internet reservation system set up (ie: OpenTable)  so we had to call a reservation in.  Upon arrival, Kate and I were seated immediately.  D611 is is BYOB,  Kate and I brought a bottle of red. They serve a mix of  pizza, Roasted Chicken, Steak frites, custom blend burgers, Bahn Mi spring rolls, salads, etc. FYI:   I saw some items on the menu  that could be vegetarian (but nothing noted as  vegan). I also didn't see any items that were noted as Gluten Free (GF) .... maybe they will in the future. For an appetizer we ordered the Bahn Mi spring rolls. They were very good. The wrappers were tasty and had a nice crisp to it. The innards tasted fresh, so was the dipping sauce. We would order that again.Kate's 'Brandenburger' was delicious. (chuck blend, toasted bun, whiskey-soaked pickles & Tillamook cheddar). Her accompaniment of fries were tasty (skin-on & crispy).  I had the Roasted Chicken entrée, it was very good. (ample portion with a side of  Tuscan potatoes). I also ordered the Brussels Sprouts. They were good but a little too sweet for me (I prefer a balsamic/ pancetta style).Our server (Michele C) was EXCELLENT. She was personable, friendly, knowledgeable about the menu  & gave us the right mix of attention and space. They bring a carafe  of water to each table (it was continually refreshed).  The prices were reasonable. They have an ample sized parking lot. The restaurant is about 20 minutes or so from Center City Philly over the Betsy Ross bridge and about 8 minutes from the Tacony-Palmyra bridge.We didn't get to try any pizza but from what I observed, the style looked similar to what Zavino Wine bar and NOMAD pizza serve (my kind of pie). My only suggestion would be to install a few bar style hooks under the table top seating so the ladies have a place to hang their purses (my wife's suggestion).We enjoyed D611 and look forward to returning to try some of the other offerings.Me
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/15/2013,203,559,2,14,10>The. Best. Food. Ever. We were absolutely floored by how good everything was. This was our first experience with Cambodian food, and the flavors were orgasmic! The ingredients were fresh, and the prices were unreal. Honestly, I hope they raise their prices because it felt like I was ripping them off! It's a wonderful family-owned business (Rick was fantastic) and it was obvious they all worked their butts off to make awesome food and serve it with friendliness and class. Rick said the restaurant is being reviewed by Craig LaBan this weekend, so get there quick before you can't get in the door. All but 1 table was full when we went on a Thursday night. Can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,2/14/2013,113,122,3,6,5>Lloyd happens to be my middle name... so I'm admittedly partial to this place.  But Lloyd didn't turn out to require that bias.  We spent two hours at this warm, dark wood haven on a cold night, and it was cozy, comfortable and very pleasant.As soon as I walked in I said "this place seems like it's going to serve a solid pate."  And lo and behold, a delicious jar of goose liver and bacon mousse with apricot was soon in my belly.  Sadly it was a special, but hopefully it's there frequently.Next up: breaded, deep-fried deviled eggs.  Why has no one thought of this before?  Something new, but still familiar and cozy.  Something we didn't order (but one day will) is the Texas Tommy (pretty sure that's the name) which is a hot dog, wrapped in bacon, covered in the bechamel they use in their goldfish-crusted mac and cheese.  These are apparently $3 each at happy hour, heads up!The whiskey list is solid, though I was a bit disappointed to find that, as with most whiskey bars in Philly they focus more on bourbons than Scotch, and didn't have any real rarities I might find in my own cabinet.And then of course there was the service.  We sat at the bar and as it turns out our bartender was actually the owner, and the lady behind the bar was his wife!  We learned a bit more about the space (decorated with art from the owner's childhood living room) and the name, and generally had a very comfortable, nice time.  I will definitely be back at Lloyd this winter.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,2/13/2013,312,582,14,15,15>Eat one of every hot dog on the menu to earn a fist on the wall with my name on it?! Challenge Accepted!Wait, I don't need to do it in one sitting? Well, that's gonna make it easier!I was first introduced to Underdogs at a Yelp! event and made a mental note to return.  Maybe they put something in the samples I had, the Georgia Bulldog and Coney Classic, that help keep the tastes alive in my mind.  For whatever reason, it took me forever to return... until I realized they were open to 4AM on the weekends!  Victory is mine.  I confirmed my opinion on the Coney and branched out to lamb with The Adonis.  Both hit the spot, but I still give the edge to the Coney.  Now, I only have 21 more dogs to cross off the list...
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/12/2013,203,272,19,27,18>I'm sure many of you have been to Disney World. And some of you may recall going on a ride called the Tower of Terror. The Hop Sing Experience(TM) begins in exactly the same way. You wait in line for a while (if you don't show up early enough). You are admitted through a black wrought iron gate and led up a dark and narrow stairway into a waiting chamber with other guests. This waiting chamber is decorated like a creepy haunted library. A theatrically-dressed man (in this case, the owner of the bar) explains the rules and gives you a rundown of the place. All this theatricality and attention to detail sets the stage for an exhilarating experience. For better or for worse, this thrill ride doesn't involve a 200-ft plummet in an elevator. Instead, you get to wait (and wait you will) while highly-skilled bartenders painstakingly muddle, zest, juice, swizzle, shake, strain, and twist together liquid concoctions of pure deliciousness. These flavorful and unique drinks are strong and well worth your $10 (in cash only) a pop (though they do round up to 10% tax, ostensibly for simplicity's sake). I believe there is a two-drink minimum, though you'll have a hard time deciding on just two. Some weird rules that you've probably already read about: no parties with more than 4 people, and everyone had better be there when you are seated. The inside is run more like a restaurant than a bar: it reaches full occupancy when seating is gone, which makes for a nice intimate, uncrowded atmosphere. The downside is the line outside if you get there too late, but on the other hand, I can't imagine how long it would take to get your drinks if they had more lax occupancy limits. Overall though, a great place for classy, strong drinks with a date or a few good friends.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,4/14/2011,130,214,4,4,5>I am THE Scaredy Cat. I believe in ghosts, and get that queasy feeling in some places, like Cape May. I also have been known to have a panic attack - or four. I went with my then-school (I finally graduated, woo!) of Temple's Tourism & Hospitality Management, and we had a private tour. It was October and freezing, as it had poured the day before/morning of. The tour was very interesting, and our guide was extremely knowledgeable and personal. He invited us to ask him questions and to be active and not feel we just had to stand and listen.What sent me screaming from the building was when our tour got to go to places most people visiting don't. We went all the way up to the lookout tower thing - well, the rest of my class did. The ladder to climb to the platform that allowed you to access it was obviously in a state of preserved decay, like the rest of the building. I am sure it was safe or they wouldn't have taken us on it, but oh my. Looking a few stories down from a teensy tiny metal step even my weakling self could probably break, I lost it. Oh, I also had to DUCK under crown molding while on the step. I ended up having a massive panic attack, but the tour guide was AWESOME with it. He allowed me to stay in the very safe platform area and helped me back down to the ground floor when done. I was totally embarrassed by my hysterics, but he understood and handled it so sweetly and professionally. A classmate actually carried me down since I almost passed out a few times (very nice of him), and when the other visitors saw us at the bottom of the stairs, they thought I was terrified of the scary history - more like the scary steps!! There is actually a picture of the tower we went into on this Yelp page.I would assume it'd be 10x creepier if I weren't with 30 other students and my professor, but it is definitely a cool place to see. Everything is so naturally spooky. Going inside some of the cells made the hairs on my arms stand up! It was awesome. You can really get a feel for what it was like way back when.Around Halloween there are often shows on television about it; in fact, one had just finished filming when we went. I'll go back in a heartbeat, but without that rickety ladder, no sir!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,4/13/2011,136,204,5,7,6>Sure, it's pricey for tacos. And just to throw this out there, I'm not exactly a Stephen Starr fan boy. Not only that, but The Yelp consensus was that this place is just A-OK. So, out of the gate, El Rey had a few things going against it before I actually decided to try it.Perhaps my "realistic" expectations made me like this place. That, or I just plain like this place. Probably the latter.If I had to choose one thing that really made this place shine for me, it was the service. The staff at El Rey, in my experience, are some of the friendliest you'll ever meet. And I've paid women to have sex with me. Just kidding, but not really. These people are FRIENDLY. Genuinely so. Last time I happened to be here, it was my birthday. My brother mentioned it off hand, and they gave me free stuff. Sweet.They're social. They have lives. They talk to you and make good suggestions. They're not pushy with getting you to get more booze. And they attentively sweep crumbs from your table - not sure if that's part of the authentic Mexican vibe they're purportedly going for, but whatever. Much more courteous and helpful than the average American Food Service Bear.The fish and carnitas tacos are my favorite, here. They're good, and honestly reasonably portioned. I eat a whole hell of a lot on a normal basis. I managed to leave this place full, but not stuffed. I view this as a good thing.Also, check out the queso fundido. Cheesy greasy goodness - don't be shy about asking for extra tortillas either.Good job, El Rey.Pro-tip: treat your servers well. They will do the same for you.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,4/12/2011,250,550,17,11,11>In celebration of Lunar New Year, earlier today I attended a gathering at Joy Tsin Lau. I had never partaken in dim sum before this, so I consider myself lucky to have been among fellow food enthusiasts, on this auspicious occasion, STRAIGHT CRUSHING IT, SON!The eight of us approached the task with a great deal of enthusiasm, guided by a more experienced member of our group. The appropriate carts were flagged down, and shortly thereafter a veritable cornucopia of steamed delights sat before us. We paused for photographs, then descended.  Repeat, until twenty-something empty dishes had accumulated.  I am certain you have gotten the impression already, but we ate like kings & queens.*What might one expect to pay for a sumptuous feast such as this? If I suggested to you the measly sum of nine dollars per person, including tip, you would surely look upon me as a poor, addled wretch.  Perhaps a fair judgment, but I assure you we paid not a shilling more.* We also ate like the King of Queens--Kevin James is a portly fellow, isn't he?
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,4/11/2011,527,295,11,11,8>Hate your daily drive?It's the best alternate routeShhh, don't tell touristsI only run if I'm being shot at; sadly I may never experience what most people see as the true draw to Kelly Drive, unless a serious series of unfortunate circumstances arise.I do however drive, and Kelly Drive is about the best way into or out of the city if you're sick of 76. It makes me feel like a Formula 1 racer with all its sharp curves and narrow underpasses. That and the blatant disregard for the speed limit by damn near every motorist.My main love for this little stretch of scenic roadway in the middle of the city is that, unless it's a race day on the river, there's almost never any backup. I like a little scenery in my day, so when I'm taking 76 home from Valley Forge, I get off at the Kelly Drive exit unless I'm in a great rush.It has year-round beauty, unlike West River Drive which feels more like going through a canyon.I love Kelly Drive. My only complaint is the omnipresent construction on the Manayunk end of the roadway.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,4/10/2011,133,370,4,3,3>Another one of those places that I kick myself for not reviewing sooner.If I lived in Haddonfield, this would be my Starbucks. As I do not I get here every other week or so, and have gradually sampled my way through the menu. The wheatgrass is so fresh you taste the sun in it, and the more savory drinks are kicking. I personally enjoy their 'Gimme a Beet' which is touted as a liver restorative. Especially after a big weekend out sampling drinks in town.Go and meet the smiling staff and drink something good for yourself for a change!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,4/9/2011,41,110,2,9,5>Shiao Lan Kung - why don't you open until 3 p.m.?  I would give anything for a salt-baked squid lunch special.SLK is the kind of restaurant where no matter what you order, you know it's going to be good.  You could close your eyes and plunk you finger down anywhere on the menu, and I guarantee you'd be happy with your meal.That said, the cream of the crop would have to be anything "salt-baked."  Whether it's squid, softshell crab, or a seafood melange, I don't know what they put in that batter but I want more of it.  It's like tempura, but more subtle and less greasy.  I also couldn't get enough of the side dishes - Choy Sum in Oyster Sauce and Spicy Eggplant in Garlic Sauce.  I brought the leftover eggplant in for lunch the next day, and it was even better cold.This place is incredibly cheap, and it's BYOB.  We had 9 people and ordered over 13 dishes...the grand total?  A whopping $25 per person INCLUDING tip.So yea, it's a little cramped in there, but I'd happily eat on top of another person for a plate of their salt-baked squid.  It's also open until 3 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays - what a great late-night alternative to Little Pete's!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,4/8/2011,67,112,6,5,5>I don't like meatballs. I was scarred by some dried, chewy meatballs sometime past in my life and I vowed to turn away from them forever.Marabella's arrival on the mean streets of Philly shouldn't have changed my mind. I was still skeptical. However, someone softly whispered in my ears just what I needed to know to change my mind...veggie meatballs.I know, I guess I shouldn't even call them veggie "meat"balls since there's no meat in'em! Anywho, so here I was - on one cold winter day before work to try out the veggie balls. Veggie balls were a success!! It was super tasty! I had chicken meatballs, too and it was great. I can't wait to go back for some more!I would have given a 3 star since I wasn't in love with what I tried but the service is amazing. Do you know that genuine smile you get? Yea, it happens rarely especially from a stranger but the lady at the counter - whom I'm assuming to be the owner's wife - was so helpful and lovely. I would love to go back just to feel so welcomed by her.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,4/7/2011,280,224,1,8,7>I'm a newbie to yoga, and didn't think I would like it after an unsuccessful attempt at pilates with my sister.  I'm so glad I tried Sankhya Yoga.  I literally typed in "Northern Liberties" and "Yoga" to find something close by and Sankhya popped up.  So I went to their website and saw it was only $7 a class!  And then of course I went on Yelp and saw that the studio had great reviews.  So I figured I had nothing to lose.  I was a little nervous my first class, since I had absolutely no yoga experience, but my instructor, Khushi, made me feel very comfortable.  She gives you great feedback and re-positions your body to make sure you are fully executing a pose to the best of your ability.  I like how the instructors always encourage you to "listen to your body" and never stretch beyond your limits.The studio is very mystical.  I can't say I am a very religious person, but there is something quite spiritual about this place.  Maybe it's the large open loft along with the candles and sense of community.  I highly recommend Sankhya!  The recent LivingSocial deal has definitely increased the popularity of this place, which makes it slightly less intimate, but it's still wonderful! PS--The Guided Meditation Class is a must-do!  If your are curious, or skeptical, just go...you can combine the meditation class with the following yoga class on Sunday for just $10!  Such a great way to decompress and start your work week.  Namaste!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,4/6/2011,111,109,40,10,13>Missed Encounters: M4W (Center City Philadelphia)I saw you in front of Sampan this past weekend. You were wearing a coat colored with yellows, oranges, and of course, bees.I was the tall, disheveled and below-average-looking guy who ordered the green curry chicken and pork bun, both some of the best Korean dishes I've found: The green curry, with the perfect amount of heat, flavor, and consistency; and the pork bun was like biting into some kind of salty marshmallow-hybrid that hasn't been invented on Earth yet.When I finally worked up the courage to ask if you would be my go-to Center City lunch and quick dinner spot, I found an early 90s Nissan in your place and nothing left but discarded wrappers and a single tear rolling down my face. Well, that and a homeless man who I hope was just furiously itching himself, but gone nonetheless.I am sorry I was too shy to visit you again. Can you ever come back?
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,4/5/2011,87,51,4,8,7>It IS the truth. Verdad boasts one of the best tapas dine-in experiences in the area. Richly prepared appetizers like the day's charcuterie sampling, a selection of ceviche, and sides like roasted brussel sprouts with bacon shine as smallish meals, or prime the appetite for mains. More serious fare like delicate striped bass or succulent tortilla espanola are likewise expertly done, and please with big taste. An astounding range of tequila varieties offer the connoisseur and recreational alcoholic alike a reason to come by, and stay awhile. All that, and a prime location on Bryn Mawr's main drag, right next to its grand movie theatre, explain the justifiably and frequently filled dining rooms of this new spanish treat.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,7/12/2011,393,748,9,7,5>I went to The Pub back in late February, and started writing my review the very next day.  And it has taken me this long to actually put the words together and complete it because The Pub is honestly indescribable.   I'll do my best, though:The first word that comes to mind when I think of The Pub is: odd.  It really is.  When I was there, there were little foil stars and the like hanging from the ceiling for decoration (think Footloose prom style).  The entryway/lobby (yes, this place has a lobby) kind of smelled like an old synagogue.  The vibe was unreal:  the restaurant part is just one big room with a ton of tables placed close to one another, and the adjoining lounge was dark and was totally Jersey-sultry (think J-Woww hot, as opposed to Gisele hot).  And within the restaurant walls, very well-dressed and proper waitstaff make their way through the maze of tables and give you a menu that is larger than it needs to be (because seriously, you really should just order steak of some sort), and point you in the direction of the salad bars.  Two of them.  One on the right side and one on the left side.   I almost felt like there should be a stage behind those salad bars (but instead it's the kitchen and you can watch people cook your meals) because it seriously has a dinner theatre vibe.  Dinner theatre in 1972.  I'd say The Pub is trapped in time, but that wouldn't even come close to doing it justice.  Its complete aversion to modernization is perhaps its most endearing quality.  Well that, and the fact that the steaks are enormous and quite tasty and could feed a little army, or all 42 of my Greek and Polish relatives.The long and the short of it is simply this:  you have to go to The Pub, at least once.  It's an experience like no other.  And according to the sign outside, they have color TV there.  Huge!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/11/2011,51,64,45,17,28>And you may find yourself living in West PhiladelphiaAnd you may find yourself with a beautiful head of hairAnd you may ask yourself, well, where do I get it cut?Don't let the days go by / go to Talkin HeadzThey cut hair well / they live and work locally After scissors snip / after a little money's goneYou'll have a great haircut / you'll be coming back for moreAnd you may ask yourselfWho should cut my hair? (Angel should.)And you may ask yourselfDoes she know how to cut hair? (Yes she does.)And you may say to herThis hair can't look obviously cutAnd you may later tell yourselfThis is not a cut head of hair!Angel cut my hair / cut and textured really wellShe used scissors / and the cost was fairOnce in a lifetime / can you get a cut like thisKnow my haircut was... As good as it ever was...As good as it ever was.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,7/10/2011,82,88,7,6,5>With all the heat and spice packed into the food at Chabaa, I had to roll up my sleeves and loosen my thai... I know, that's not even worth an 'LOL'.Actually, I opted for the Crazy Noodles which weren't all that crazy but really, really good.  My wife and I split the fried tofu appetizer and she had the yellow curry.  I can't begin to explain the exotic and well balanced flavors in our dishes.  Practically perfect in every way!  This was my second time at Chabaa and certainly will not be my last.The ambience was perfect, peaceful and zen, as I would assume any thai restaurant to be.  We got there at about 6pm on a Friday, so we didn't hit any traffic and all of the college kids were stil pre-gaming at home before they hit the local watering holes.  So all and all, a good night and Chabaa made it 10x's better!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,7/9/2011,56,90,4,7,4>Honey's may have met its match - I'm serious, this place is great. I suppose it depends on what you're looking for, but right now I'm thinkin' Green Eggs Cafe is where I'd like to Sit-N-Eat.  Prices are very reasonable. I got a Belgian waffle with strawberries and 'nanners for $8. I could have even picked another topping gratis, like ice cream, cause you AUTOMATICALLY get to choose three free! But, I've been trying to watch my girlish figure (not that you'd notice from reading my reviews), so I tried to keep it healthy. My girlfriend got the kitchen sink, a behemoth skillet filled with eggs, cheese, potatoes, peppers, etc. and toppedd with a biscuit and sausage gravy. This is a lot of food. The coffee is top notch as well and the service is outstanding.  Kudos!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,7/8/2011,224,312,7,7,8>Oh Sugar Mom'sFor what you are... part of me loves you, part of me can't stand the hipster in you.  The convenience is excellent, but I have nightmares about accidentally brushing up against your walls.  This is a great place to meet a large group of friends and hang out.Drink specials/selection is on par for Old City (above average).I wish there were another way to more sincerely convey this, but specifically as a non-smoker, I deeply appreciate the fact that you keep the smokers off the patio.  Truly.Consider yourself lucky, Sugar Mom's... I'd usually take off a star for a lack of cellular coverage, but in this case it adds to your charm.  I feel disconnected from reality.  As if I were camping in the woods.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,7/5/2011,190,62,5,9,6>I've been holding off on reviewing Noble for months, but I can't hold back anymore. Why have I been waiting? Well, I keep telling myself I'll go there and actually have a proper meal and not just cocktails so I can give this place a complete review. But screw it...Noble is in my top 2 places to drink cocktails in Philly. That's right, top 2. There is no third. To be clear, Noble is, first and foremost, a restaurant. This means, despite having an amazing bar, the doors often close by midnight, so just be sure to start your night rather than end it here.  The one item on the food menu I have tried, the Chickpea Fries, look like mozzarella sticks filled with creamy, curry flavored chickpeas. A slam dunk paired with a beverage after work.A friend of mine judges a cocktail bar by its Vesper; a martini invented by Ian Fleming through his character James Bond that usually contains 3 parts gin, 1 part vodka, a splash of Kina Lillet Blanc, and a twist. This bar not only does a flawless Vesper, it's right on the menu. The bartenders will also gladly explain the history behind this, or any other cocktail you can think of. Christian Gaal and Theo Webb are two amazing bartenders--scratch that, mixologists. The former brings a stoic, old fashioned flair reminiscent of barkeeps of yore, while the latter takes care of the attitude and humor (even if the drinks are on special, make sure you tip Theo). Together, these guys are unstoppable. Anything on the cocktail list will do you right. or just ballpark your poison and let these mixologists do their thing. Last time I was there, Theo whipped up some bourbon-based cocktail--or was it vodka based? It was hard to tell with the 9 or 10 ingredients in there, but the complex flavor, and the buzz I got in the end, were all that really mattered.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,7/4/2011,110,111,6,7,10>No other chef in the city of Philadelphia has made himself seem as accessible as Matthew Levin. The unassuming air about him, his proclivity for speaking his mind on Twitter, his body covered in tattoos; he's "one of  us".Despite his time at the helm of some prestigious ships, he does not come off as pretentious or unapproachable. Rather, he is there to comfort you and give you what you want, if what you want is to be indulged.The music blaring over the speakers is lifted straight from my iPod. The menu is tailored those who remain unconcerned about the nearing swimsuit season. The fried chicken portion is on scale with the size an average meteorite, the burger is brontosauran. An item on the dessert menu features bacon.It's easy to buy into Levin's street level marketing. Long before I stepped foot in Adsum, I knew I'd be ordering the Tastykake Sliders. Was I sure what they were? Not really but that wasn't going to stop me. I would eat them, like them, and, as I forked over money for them, I would feel like I was personally doing my part to save the struggling Philadelphia institution, Tastykake.So, when I finally did walk through the front door of Adsum, my mind translated his accessibility into some sort of personal relationship. When Levin appeared at the bar, carrying plates of food in his hands, I half expected him to come over to our table and personally serve us. "Marcello, we've been expecting you," he'd say. "I know how much you love gnocchi and chicken cutlets and have gone to great lengths to prepare them for you, just like your Nonna used to make."He'd raise his hand, snap his fingers, and the staff would scurry behind him to begin assembling my meal. Being a reasonable person, I would understand if he did not have the time to stand above me and shave Parm Reg onto my pasta. After all, he's a busy man.Naturally, my unrealistic expectations went unmet. However, we did get a sincere apology from our server who, due to a miscommunication, was unaware that we were seated fifteen minutes prior to being greeted by her. Any remaining tensions were resolved by a complimentary round of drinks.From that point forward, we had a very solid and consistent meal that far exceeded the expectations set by some fellow Yelpers whose opinions I hold in high esteem. After dinner, my wife and I discussed the new restaurants we tried in the last year and came to the conclusion that, from start to finish, this was one of the better meals we have had. Nothing was subpar or went untouched, including all sauces and sides. Each bite or sip was equally enjoyable. Adsum has neither the highest highs nor the lowest lows of the Philadelphia dining scene but, assuming our meals were the norm, that's a fair trade-off for an unwavering dining experience.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,7/3/2011,67,112,7,6,4>Just to make it clear, Dandelion is made of ideas stolen from me. I know it doesn't count since Stephen Starr made all my ideas come to life before I did...without really having to talk to or meet me, ever. (What a smart man you are!) The teapot with loose tea leaves? Yes! It was a part of my imaginary cafe I built in my head long ago. Buttercup lettuce with pomegranate with gorgonzola cheese and honey vinaigrette? Shut up!(said in a plastic's manner) I make that at home alllllll the time - without the cheese and the right dressing...wondered why mine was never a real success. This salad at Dandelion is a real win, though. Scallop cooked to perfection? I mean 100%? This is where you got better than me. I'll admit.Mac and cheese. Enough said. Words cannot describe how delicious this thing was. I am melting in my own saliva just thinking about how savory this particular item was.By dessert, I wish I had come with a dashing young man so we could do that PDA thing by the fire place surrounded by cute chairs, tables, tons of candlelights and mostly, undisrupted yet attentive service. Next time, hopefully...
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,7/2/2011,439,341,6,8,7>A little off-the-beaten-path both for Rittenhouse and for The Gayborhood lies a secret little bar of all things wonderful, it's name is Stir. If you can manage to find it tucked behind the storefronts of Walnut Street and through the back alley of Chancellor you will find a lovely gay bar filled with the strong cocktailed comforts of places like Knock, Woodys, and Tavern but on a far more subdued scale. Sure, the guys are all checking their iPhones feverishly to see who is surfing the Grindr app and sure the bartenders are prettier than even the girliest of girls in the bar, but it is definitely a mixed crowd, not in the least pretentious, and has never managed to feel overcrowded, three qualities hard to find in Rittenhouse. Thursday nights boast a throwback special to the college years with $1 well cocktails from 9-11, worth partaking in once or twice if you want to remind yourself why you now drink top shelf. The music selection was the standard gay bar playlist ranging from old school Whitney and Madge to the Gaga, my only minor complaint was the volume level to patron ratio...too loud to even have a conversation with those within an arms reach.Conveniently located just a hop and a skip from Little Pete's, this is quite possibly the new "closer" in the gay bar hop rotation....check it out, if you can find it.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,7/1/2011,133,370,5,8,6>I always think its amazing to walk into an establishment that apparently has a cross dimensional doorway. CM and Jessica apparently walked into a dimension where the cupcakes aren't good. Luckily, I walked into a dimension where they were very good indeed.So let's break it down. I've been there four times and have yet to get anything I don't like. Yes, the cake batters do tend to be straight vanilla, chocolate, or red velvet, but all are tasty and light. I have bought about ten dozen cupcakes and have yet to have a dry one. The batter must incorporate a bit or meringue as all the cakes have the light chewy signature to them. I think it's a great touch. the vanilla cake is also richly yellow, which I suspect a traditional addition of saffron.As far as the look and feel of the place, the multidimensional shop I walked into more resembled my 90 year old aunt's parlor. Collingswood prides itself on it heritage, so I think it's a nice vibe. It's clean, it's neat, and they serve delicious food.I have yet to be there when they have less than a dozen flavors. Currently my favorite is the peanut butter and jelly, which has a lightly sweet fluffy peanut butter icing, a dot of peanut butter filling, and a drizzle of grape flavored swirl on top. It's quickly backed up by the oreo cookie cupcake, which my son and I agree tastes just like an oreo cakester. Just looking through what I have in my fridge there's lemon, mango, chocolate peanut butter, red velvet, coconut, chocolate, vanilla, cinnamon bun, and - hmm - there was a butterfinger but apparently my kid just made off with it. These treats don't last long in Marco's house. So I've also tried their cookies, which are yum. The rocky road had a bit too much marshmallow in it for me, but the kid loved the chewiness it brought. Chocolate chip peanut butter and oatmeal were both excellent offerings. Pies and tarts are advertised on the menu, but I've yet to see them in the store, I'll ask today when I swing by.So why not 5 starts? The cupcakes come in those little paper bake cups. While it seems like no big deal, when you have big hands like I do, and you are trying to manipulate a teeny cupcake with warm frosting to get the paper off the base, it can be a mes. I'd really prefer they dispense with the paper on the smallest offerings so you can just pop them in your mouth and not wrassle with paper. So I think I'm going to have to call for an expert! Hey Michelle C - put aside that CM hat, pick up your Cupcake Queen tiara, and tell us what you think. The challenge is on!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,8/1/2007,10,129,,7,2>Standard Tap is my all time favorite bar / hang out. I used to live a few blocks away, and boy, do I miss it. Really laid back atmosphere. First floor has wood paneled walls and a dark wood bar. I prefer the second floor - there's another bar and an outdoor patio and a huge dining room on both sides of the staircase. There's no menu except for a blackboard with the day's specials. I especially love the fried oysters, but everything is good. If you're a vegetarian, you might feel like you have limited options, but every salad I've ever had here has been great. ST is really more than a bar, and while they have a "bar food" type menu, they also have more than the typical bar menu. Also, they have cider on tap - can't really beat that. Sunday brunches are also phenomenal.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/31/2007,3,79,,4,2>Amazing, great food, great value, I loved it.My girlfriend and I went and got 3 dishes.First we split the Shrimp Mofongo. Very tasty, good portion, good size for both of us to split.for an entree i got the Ropa Vieja. very good. Although I have not been to Cuba yet the dish really reminded of dishes I had throughout Central America.She had the vegetarian plate which included some huge tostones and some very good arepasall that plus a ginger ale (with free refills) came to $30. Not bad. I will be back for sure.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,7/30/2007,43,427,2,3,1>A cheesesteak place that has a vegetarian sandwich f-in rocks, well for me!  You're probably saying, how is a vegetarian gonna review a cheesesteak place - blah, blah, blah.  Well, I wasn't always a vegetarian, and I've eaten at Geno's, Jim's and Pat's - and all the typical tourist spots.  Tony Luke's has got the best stuff around.  I've eaten here a ton of times for lunch with guys who know Philly and know their food. I get the same thing all the time - Uncle Mike's - which is broccoli rabe, spinach, fried onions, sharp provolone, long hots, sweet peppers, and tiny bit of tomato sauce (mixed into all that goodness) on their freshly baked bread.  The guys mix it up, they order cheesesteaks, roast pork with rabe and sharp prov, hot roast beef, or chicken cutlet with rabe and sharp provolone.  You can't beat it!If you're not from Philly, please don't take the personalities at the counter to heart, they mean well, there's just a long line and they're really not trying to make new friends.  It's cool, your sandwich will come out just fine.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,7/28/2007,77,425,5,5,3>Tastykakes are to Hostess products as prime rib is to the McDonald's McRib. Seriously, have a Tastykake, and then try to eat a Twinkie or a Ding Dong again without being sorely disappointed. I've been addicted to Tastykakes since visiting relatives in Jersey when I was 13, and Hostess cupcakes have never tasted quite as good since. I don't know what it is about Tastykakes -- their freshness? Their perfect ratio of frosting to cake? Everything about them is heavenly.I remember for one brief, shining moment, my college in California sold Tastykakes. I don't know how. I don't know why. I don't know where they got them from. I didn't question it, I just accepted it and visited the campus store multiple times per day to stock up. Then, just as suddenly as they appeared, they were gone. I knew it was too good to be true. Why can't we have Tastykakes in the west???Last Tastykake story: My boyfriend mailed me a huge box of Tastykakes once, and it was the greatest day ever. Okay, that's all. But seriously, you should try these if you never have.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,7/27/2007,23,29,2,4,4>I was hooked on the Royal Tavern after my very first visit.  I went with friends for a few more drinks after a house party in Bella Vista, and we were in no way disappointed.We originally toyed with the idea of going to The Dive, but after setting foot inside, any bit of moisture was quickly sucked from my contacts by all the cigarette smoke lingering in the air.  I couldn't bear to stay there.  (Aside: You must realize I moved here from New York which has been entirely smoke-free for sometime now.  I don't think I've been in a smoky bar since going to shows my freshman year of college.  I can't handle it anymore.)After that short visit we walked a few doors down to The Royal Tavern, and were immediately happier.  The atmosphere was fantastic, and the bar was still quite packed considering it was just about 1:30.  We took a table in the back, and each ordered a beer, of which they have a great selection.  I ordered a Brooklyn Lager, which I'd never had, but enjoyed.  The beer is a nice amber shade, with a slightly bitter taste and after taste, that doesn't overpower or linger too long.Being in The Royal Tavern reminded me of being upstairs at Johnny Brenda's a bit.  I can't say exactly why, but I think it had something to do with the decor, atmosphere, and lighting.  I'm not saying saying it's a dead ringer for the place or anything, but definitely a similar feel.  Considering I love JB's so much, this is by all means a compliment.Like I said, my friends and I showed up quite late in the night, and we ended up closing the bar.  The staff didn't mind at all that we were hanging around after 2:00.  The waitress just asked that we pay up our tab so she could cash out.  The bartender and bar back just went about their business cleaning the place up, not trying to throw us out the door or anything.  It sounds pretty stupid, but I really appreciate that.  I'm still far to close to the days of being ushered out the doors of college bars right at close like cattle by some over-huge, over-'roided, over-confident bouncer.Bars for cattle: No like.The Royal Tavern: Love.EDIT:  The food at the Royal is totally to die for.  It's a perfectly sized menu, so decisions aren't too hard to make and you shouldn't worry, because they do EVERYTHING well.  I'm a non-vegan addicted to the Vegan Sloppy Joe.  The nachos are huge and awesome.  The grilled cheese is wonderfully rich.  Seriously, everything is perfect.  Oh and, last time I was there they even put the Giants' Monday Night game on for me.  Sweet!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,7/26/2007,90,588,1,5,2>This is a review by a lacto-ovo vegetarianMilkshake. Taken by itself literally this word is not too appealing. When defined by the experience at nelly bly's it's downright attractive.Nelly Bly's is an old fashioned ice cream parlor manned by teenagers and primarily for families. They manage the crowd well and serve up all the classics like sundaes, bannana splits, milkshakes, malts, and cones. They make waffles right there and the place is redolent with the smell of freshly ironed carbs.A milkshake is 3 scoops of ice cream, milk, and a shot of syrup. There is a more expensive version that adds a "topping" like oreo pieces. They have suggestions but easily handled my custom job: 2 scoops vanilla peanut butter, 1 scoop banana, shot of chocolate syrup. On a different night I tweaked it: 1 scoops vanilla peanut butter, 2 scoop banana, shot of chocolate syrup. yes, I was trying for a chunky monkey milkshake. The later worked better.Eat dinner where you like on 130 but save room for dessert and come here.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/25/2007,235,1028,,9,7>this place is AWESOME! if there is one place in philly you have to chk out other than the liberty bell, this DEF KICKS ASS! it doesn't matter if you have an interest or come from a criminal justice background, but the fact, i DID major in criminology got me to appreciate this place twice as much!the outer appearance looks like a castle, but this abandoned prison of all times, was once the most expensive building in the US, and one of the most famous prisons in the WORLD!there are tons of exhibits, photos and artifacts on the prison/prisoners itself. this extensive collection allows you to take a peek at the daily lives of the prisoners which i truly feel is SOO worth it. you'll even see certain "artwork" the inmates drew or even ETCHED on the cell, and it's soo freaky because it feels like you're on a time machine. *note* o gosh, my brain is so foggy since it's been 5 yrs...  but all i remember is to tell you all to make sure to REALLY listen to the audio tour (as the others mentioned, steve buscemi narrates the tour) because you won't regret it...if i remember correctly, this comes with the admission fee, so you're not spending more $ than you really have to.sadly, i don't have any pictures because ALL the local fotos i post are from my fone, and idk where my memory card went from my philly trip.Admission:$9 Adults$7 students & seniorsNo reservations necessary. Closed Mondays, Tuesdays, Easter, Thanksgiving & the months of Dec-Mar. TIP: don't ferget to chk out Al Capone's cell.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2007,7/24/2007,30,58,,5,>Hands down, best brunch in Philadelphia. The special stuffed french toast is to die for every week. Don't be scared, just order it.Weekend brunch usually has a ridiculous wait, but weekdays are fine. They do offer CALL AHEAD SEATING!!! This is great when you want brunch in January and there is a three hour wait. Please stop complaining that you can't have a table. Just call the damn restaurant, give them your name, and show up twenty minutes before your quoted time.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2007,7/23/2007,33,238,,2,2>The brie is divine. With cozy yet innovative decor, the ambiance couldn't have been better sipping a fine wine in the heart of Center City. Moreover, the duck fat patte will shock you with its textures and punch.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,7/22/2007,257,1564,,2,1>If you don't feel like heading to Old City, or if you want to sit down at the restaurant while you eat your wrap, Wrap Shack has come to the Rittenhouse Square area!  Just like the Old City location (truly little more than a shack), this place serves up delicious wraps.  The grilled veggie wrap was a bit of heaven, with big hunks of hearty grilled portabello mushrooms, artichoke hearts, squash, onions, broccoli.  It was wonderful.  The location is casual, clean, and more cozy than any other fast-food place in the area.  Lots of dark wood--my guess is that it used to be a bar.I wouldn't say Wrap Shack is a destination, but if you're looking for something fast but something delicious, this is the place.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,7/9/2012,86,47,5,4,4>What can I say about the gelato that hasn't already been said? Is it the best in the world? I haven't traveled enough to answer that. Is it damn good? Of course it is.I've been in a handful of times for the wonderful gelato, but I recently went there for lunch. I didn't know what to expect from a place whose specialty is not lunch, but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. I had a BLT with nice thick bacon served on focaccia bread and iced tea. Was it the best lunch I ever had? No. Was it fresh and tasty? Well, yes, yes it was. Did I finished my lunch with some gelato? Of course I did.Given that Capogiro is close to home and easy to get to from work via trolley, I'm glad that it's a lunch option and not just a gelato place.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,7/7/2012,136,204,9,10,10>Bar none, the best Chinese food I've had, anywhere, ever.I'm not even kidding. If I wanted to start this review with a joke, It'd go something like this:Me: Knock knock.You: Who's there?Me: Gimme.You: Gimme, who?Me: Gimme all your money because this is a robbery and I needs it for my dry fried beef!You: Ow, my liver!Me: *flees the scene a la Cops*You see that? This grub is almost good enough to induce murderous food lust. I say almost, because I took out the poison from my jacket (I always carry a little with me) and strongly considered applying it to each of my dinner companions to maximize the amount of food I was getting. I didn't... THIS time...We did a whole ton of courses as a tasting menu organized by Dave H. Here's what I remember:1) Cucumbers in chili oil - the name does not do these little guys justice. You have to have these. They're an odd mix of cold and hot, but it works.2) Tripe in chili oil - I hate tripe. I LOVE Han's take on it. I was actually able to bite through it.3) Cold sesame soy noodles - Semi sweet and vaguely nutty thanks to the sesame seed oil. A good contrast for the spicier things that we had.4) Dumplings in chili oil - This was the hottest thing I remember that night. Not the spiciest thing I've ever tasted anywhere, but it packed a punch.5) Dan dan noodles - With such a ridiculous name, it's easy to see how I was initially skeptical of them. I mean, I could practically hear the little oriental flute from Carl Douglas' "Kung Fu Fighting" going on in the background as I ate it. Still, this was probably one of the best things I had all night. Believe the hype, because these guys straddle that line between junky comfort food and quality cuisine that won't require you to spend the next 24 hours on a toilet seat.6) Dry fried beef - Da bomb. Get this. NOW!7) Cumin pork - my least favorite, but still pretty good.8) Fish soup - standard hot/slightly sour soup with some kinda light-meat fish in it. I'm not so good at identifying fish meat. It was tasty.9) Mapo tofu - I hate tofu. I liked mapo tofu. Spicy and pungent.10) Salt-battered shrimp - very very salty. Not my taste, but maybe it was because I'd been eating a bunch of really hot things before that. You might like it, if you like salt battered squid.11) Shredded chicken with crispy rice - This was surprisingly sweet and light. Very good as a contrast to the spicier dishes.12) Some other stuff I'm sure I'm forgetting. Try it all!This is the kind of food they write songs about. One of these days, Chef Han will not be remembered as he should - for saving us all from the combined robot/zombie apocalypse (Robozompocalypse 2020!) - but rather for his spicy dan dan noodles.The Manayunk space is very well laid out - the dining room is more square than rectangle, so that means no fumbling your way around other diners trying to get to the rest room. Also, it's great for big groups, and is, at least since I last visited, still a BYO. On a final note, I met Han, and he was a really cool guy. I told him I'd be back with Dave sometime to sample his face-meltingest, sperm-killingist, spicy dish. I'm excited.Pro-tip:Bring friends to share with - everyone order a different thing, and have them all split family style. TOTALLY worth it.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,7/6/2012,439,341,8,10,10>In New Jersey there's this time honored tradition where you order your hot dogs "all the way", this consists of a dog smothered in mustard, chopped onions, and chili sauce; there is no other way to order, it's kind of a way of life in the dog-loving community...this is the only way I know how to order. I am admittedly resistant to change, it scares me, I like things the way I like them...what can I say? I'm a little OCD at times, but why mess with a good thing? So fast forward through years of my limited ordering abilities to the opening of Hot Diggity. I had just moved to the neighborhood and was already having some minor anxiety about leaving my old 'hood behind, quite literally though just steps from my buildings door was a storefront with windows covered in paper and a sign saying "Hot Diggity Coming Soon". "Oh good", I thought to myself, "I'm not the only new kid on the block". Then the wheels start turning, could this be the taste of home that I have been missing in the last five years of living in the city? I waited patiently for that paper to come down, but when it did I was packing up to go away for the weekend. I wanted to be the first reviewer, I wanted so badly to stake the claim on being the first to tell the world about the magic going on in my new neighborhood. Instead, I watched from Jersey as the reviews started to flow in, my hot dog loving heart was crushed and I could just hear the Price Is Right fail-horn blasting in my head. It hurt.Fast forward a little over 7 months after their opening and my move to the neighborhood, and you know what doesn't hurt? The awesome business that HD is doing. It makes me happy to see a full house because it means people are enjoying things like a Seattle Grunge with its glob of cream cheese, the Southern Comfort with its abundance of cole slaw and creole mustard, the Windy City and its mouthful of fresh veggies. On the flip side full houses can make me bitter too, like the attempt I made to try the December dog-of-the-month after mustering the courage to try headcheese only to hear that they were sold out. Sell outs are great for Keith and the gang over at HD and my backup Fiesta Dog did not disappoint, but missing my first dog-of-the-month in three months was a little sad. Don't worry guys, we're still cool.One single dog can be a meal, but if you're going to do the HD experience right, you're going to have to grab a friend or two to help you split an order of the belgian cut fries and go to town with a couple of dipping sauces. Don't ask any questions, just do it. If you're having trouble picking between sauces, just order both and thank me later. Hot Diggity has become a staple in the rotation amongst friends especially on Monday nights pre-quizzo, I hope it sticks around. As for me, your change-resistant hot dog loving reviewer? Well, I've found that change isn't such a bad thing around these parts...in fact, it can be quite tasty. Maybe one of these months, we'll get a Jersey style dog on the menu, but until then I've got about 8 regular menu dogs and months worth of specials to keep me occupied.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,7/5/2012,85,324,6,10,5>I'd heard the hype. Seen the NY Times article. Nevertheless I was skeptical. Mainly because most people have at best, two reference points for donuts, Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. Neither of which really makes truly great donuts.  So after waiting for the crowds to die down a little, I traveled over to see for myself last Saturday.It's a small shop that blends into the surrounding neighborhood. Inside there are a couple of seats at the counter and a wide window well that two people could sit in. I ordered my donuts. I went with the Indian Cinnamon, the caramel banana, the pina colada, and the halva pistachio. The ladies behind the counter worked as fast as they could given the decent sized collection of people waiting for orders and bopping in. My order was processed quickly, and I got my coffee right after I ordered it. The coffee was one of the only things that was a disappointment besides the lack of seating. Since there was no room to sit, much less stand I took my donuts and coffee out to a park just off of Federal between 3rd and 4th St.The donuts were truly transcendant.  Each donut was a symphony of flavors on my tongue.The Indian Cinnamon-Very light on the cinnamon, coated with sugar. Hot, fresh, and so moist that it pinched in half when I started to eat it.The caramel banana-A delicious meld of flavors with something added to the banana chips that made them more tasty than I"d imagined.The pina colada-The donut I though I'd enjoy the least. However it tasted like the Rach 3 and Beethoven's 9th all rolled up. A complex mix of flavors that together was truly amazing. And unlike the current generations, I don't use that term lightly.The halva and pistachio-the final movement. More subtle flavors that nevertheless worked well. I'd never had halva before, but I liked it.Believe the hype. Believe the NY Times article. Federal Donuts makes some of the best donuts I've had.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,7/4/2012,67,146,4,4,6>Ladies and gentlemen of Philadelphia, are you tired of the same old beers from the same old Beverage Center?  Are your arms sore from carrying a massive case home, when all you really wanted was a couple of bottles?   Do you crave variety?  Do you crave TASTE?  Well mark my words, your life is about to change for the tipsier.The Bottle Shop at Local 44 is the long-awaited answer to all of your ailments.  They opened just a few days ago, and they have an impressive selection of beers and ciders at generally good prices.  The refrigerator cases are labeled with the type of beer (Red & Hoppy, Belgian-Inspired, and Actually Belgian are a few that I remember), and the staff are happy to help and make suggestions (but also happy to leave you alone to browse, if that's your preference).  There are also some quite fancy-shmancy bottles that I'm sure are otherwise hard to find.  Beers are sold by the bottle or six-pack, and if you want to hang out and drink your selection there, you can do that too.  Two downsides: seating is pretty limited, and the place has a loud echo.  Don't let that stop you, though - step right up and see for yourself.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/3/2012,111,109,11,14,11>Judging by the lack of reviews, Philadelphia is missing out on what's going on at Plenty. This limited audience leads me to believe the Tasso ham panini ($9) might just be the most underrated sandwich in a sandwich-rich city.The panini is a light and not overly dense bread, toasted until the crust hardens into a crackly gloss, capping the soft, lush inside. Crisp golden flakes fall off as your incisors pass along their handiwork to your molars. Somewhere in between you realize Akon might have wrote "Sexy Bitch" about this sandwich. The seasoning on the ham--cayenne and herbes de provence--was absurdly flavorful. An almost crispy crust on the ham didn't sacrifice a drop of moisture. There's a little bit of great fat and the gruyere smoothes out the spicy edge of the cayenne. Ham sandwiches just grew up, you guys.And while not in the same otherworldly sphere as its ham cousin, another winner is the pulled pork ($9) with oregano, barbecue sauce and cheddar. The sauce is very low key and absent any vinegar bite or overly sweet tang. I loved how it only complemented the pork instead of washing away the natural taste.Plenty's chicken salad sandwich ($8) got points for creativity and deductions for execution. Whole grain mustard hits you first and hits you hard while the dried cranberries play a big role for their small size and end the bites on a pleasant sweet note. They're so surprisingly important that bites without them get a little overwhelmed by the coarseness of the mustard. It has a good, interesting flavor, but the chewy bread and sparse fillings causes it to fall short of the cool comfort food feel chicken salad can have.Mac and cheese ($4, small) was more than enough as a side to a sandwich and I enjoyed it. The halfway point between soupy and dry mac and cheese is creamy and they nailed it.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,7/2/2012,185,680,9,5,7>Little Fish...Little Fish...come follow me home.Paula Deen makes butter taste like butter. People think she's a cooking phenomenon.The folks at Little Fish make fish taste like butter and have the texture of slightly melty butter. Now that's a phenomenon. There's nothing else that can be or needs to be said.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2012,7/1/2012,90,219,4,6,3>Pretty good sushi for the suburbs, and it's BYOB.  My girlfriend and I came here on weekend evening. We were seated very quickly, and the wait staff was fairly attentive from the door. The rolls are typical and tasty-- good spider roll.  They do have an inventive bay scallop roll (warm, saucy, and pretty good) that I would get again.  They also serve barley tea (nice change from green or jasmine tea).The space is fairly large, clean, well kept.  The biggest draw back is that it's a hub for college students (I'm a young working professional), and they crowd the place, are sometimes loud, and drink boxed wine by the Yahtzee shaker.  Maybe I'm spoiled by the very good sushi places in Center City, or maybe I just wasn't into the restaurant the day I visited.  Either way, it's a good spot for the suburbs. Bottom line:  Go to Sushi Land, have some good sushi, drink some wine, and beware the college kids.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/30/2012,203,559,,4,4>I had a really good experience at Christie's. I called about 2 hours in advance and made an appointment for an OPI gel mani and a regular pedi. However, I saw them take at least a half dozen walk-ins while I was there, so no appointment required. I was taken as soon as I walked in. They have a HUGE selection of colors, including a TON of the OPI gel and Shellac colors. They were patient as I hemmed and hawed over my color choices (and changed my mind about 3 times between a colored gel and a French). They did my mani and pedi at the same time, which was really convenient (though a bit uncomfortable because I had to contort my body so she could do my mani). They were extremely thorough and took great care in doing my cuticles. They opened a brand new set of tools for my mani and pedi, which was AWESOME...I think they use a new set for every person, so very clean. They even did a hot stone massage on my calves during the pedi and used warm towels during both services. Although the price is a bit higher here for an inexpensive nail salon ($25 for the gel mani and $25 for a pedi), the quality of service was well worth the extra few dollars. I will update if my nails don't last as long as they should, but for now I'm thrilled!!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,6/29/2012,113,228,4,7,5>By far the best popsicle I have ever had! A few weeks ago I read about this place opening and was excited to get a taste at the Night Market last night. I scouted the cart out as we made our initial rounds and made a mental note that they were stocked in the flavor I had wanted to try the most, Mango Sriracha.Here's the thing, Mangoes are by far my favorite fruit. I could eat them everyday. And I often do, in some form or another. I also happen to have an ongoing love affair with Sriracha (but who doesn't?).  So this flavor sounded perfect to me. As we made our way back after standing in the food lines, I came up to the cart with no line (win!) and was happy to hear they still had my dream flavor.The popsicle came wrapped in a nice clear wrapper. The color was very similar to fresh mango. The taste was superb! Slightly spicy, with the grainy texture of mango I love. The perfect ending to a great evening enjoying all sorts of food. Also the popsicle had no problem staying on it's stick the entire time I was savoring it (unlike almost all supermarket ones). Lil' Pop Shop you will be seeing a lot of me this summer. Good thing your storefront is sorta, kinda, could be on my way home from work!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/20/2014,293,115,17,32,26>Quite simply, this food truck is amazeballs.Yes, this is a Thai Mexican fusion truck. An undeniable awesome marriage between two of my most favorite cuisines. I swung by to try their famous Cap'n Crunch crusted tilapia burrito but I ended up ordering their entire menu. And I wasn't even hungry!THAI SHORT RIBS TACOS (1 for $3)- Tender yet perfectly chewy. The flavors literally burst in your mouth letting you know these meats were given a good marinade bath before it was cooked. Generous slices of avocado canopying the filling of veggies like shredded cabbage and cubed tomatoes. And oh my, that green sauce.....creamy, yet light and refreshing.CHICKEN KATSU W/ AN EGG ($5.50) Extremely crispy, thin flat cutlet of well-cooked chicken served with a bed of slaw, a fried egg, rice, and spicy mayo drizzle. Ask for extra sauces! CAP'N CRUNCH CRUSTED TILAPIA TACOS (2 for $6)- The disadvantage of coming here late to avoid the long lines was that they ran out of burritos' ingredients. However, they accommodated us by making us a taco instead! Made with the same love as the ribs tacos, except with the crunchy, slightly sweet breading, and delicious flaky fish inside! I don't generally expect good service from a food truck. But the people who work here go above and beyond with their genuine helpfulness and friendliness. I was super impressed with my entire experience. I only spent $15 for all of that deliciousness and I was 100% satisfied.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/19/2014,115,317,1,9,8>A great takeout option, when you're in the mood for something easy and casual, but more upscale than Dominos or Chinese takeout.  Our order of 3 gourmet pizzas was ready in about 10 minutes, and every bite was delicious.I had the Tonno with tuna, grilled onions, tomato sauce and mozz.  I love the thin crust, delicate toppings, and flaky crust.  I saved half of mine for later, but one person can easily polish off a full pizza without being stuffed.  I wouldn't recommend sharing one between two people unless you are just looking for a snack.My friend who spent 3 months in Rome has tried almost every pizza on the menu, and swears this is the closest thing to real Italian pizza he's had in the states.  A little more pricey than say Papa John's, but in a completely different league.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/18/2014,109,278,2,7,5>It took a bit of investigation but I finally discovered where the "real" Vic has been hiding. His latest spot is a mere 15 minutes from me, just up Easton Road in the Willow Grove area. No more fighting for a parking space on Sansom Street or shivering in the cold while waiting for a spot at the tiny sushi bar. Vic apparently sold the Center City and Springhouse locations.The menu is virtually the same as the other "Vic" establishments, but this restaurant also features Thai food. I'm familiar with Vic's restaurants because of his sushi, so I didn't opt to try the Thai options. The extended menu, however, means that you could lure non-sushi lovers here as well. I really feel that, unless you go straight to Japan, you can't really find better sushi in the 'burbs. The fish is very fresh! The Tuna Dumplings are a great example of the excellent seafood that they provide - imagine little tuna purses that are so tender they virtually melt in your mouth. The 3 hand rolls for $10.95 really cannot be beat. I enjoy the Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, Alaskan, and Sweet Potato rolls. The Black Dragon roll with eel was exceptional - tender, moist, and slightly sweet. The rolls are very generously packed with fish and I like how the fish and spicy sauces are mixed together. The staff is very friendly and the service is prompt. Vic himself manned the sushi bar while we were there. BYOB and you've got an affordable meal for date night, girls night out, or just because.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/17/2014,80,230,3,12,10>The food here is amazing! I didn't even mind the tight space, because it just felt cozy and intimate.The mushroom flat bread was def one of the favorites dishes of the night, followed by the eggplant fries that were a tad spicy but crispy and moist on the inside, then the signature shaved salad that was so much bigger than expected, the scallops were also pretty good (note entrees are same size as appz), and finally the croquettes (which were a bit greasy). The dessert was this awesome dark chocolate bread pudding with caramel and ice cream.The prices were also quite reasonable unlike some of the other places, and for all of those dishes it was about $30 per person! Plus priceless mouth memories! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/16/2014,54,111,8,10,10>I should be featured on "Half-Ton Mom" considering all of the donuts I've eaten from Beiler's.Some of my favorites are: Banana Cream, Apple Harvest, Maple Bacon (sells out fast), and Mocha Creme. I always come here with the intentions of buying 1) a slice of sour cream cheesecake from the gen. bakery section 2) two or three different doughnuts from the donut display. It seems like the line is usually wrapped around the corner and as soon as you turn the corner facing the registers, the salesperson is ready to take your order. I'm always like "Oh crap... I haven't really had time to see which ones I want....." LeSigh. That's when I just bite the bullet and randomly call out the first few I see. This method hasn't failed me yet. It's funny how I'm just reading here on Yelp that they have an actual donut menu to cut down on my self-induced madness. Eh...maybe I'll grab one next time and maybe not. When it comes to dessert flavors, I'm not super finicky. I like sweet stuff...and Beiler's does sweets right :)
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/15/2014,828,1172,6,14,13>When I first heard that Sabrina's 4th location was set to open in Wynnewood I was primed and ready to welcome a new legit brunch and BYOB spot to the Main Line (seriously since this is pretty much the 2nd!). Especially since it sort of brought a piece of my beloved South Philly to here. and after enjoying my first bite I'm going to have to consider it the second best Sabrina's next to the off Italian Market original.The fact that the old Sam's Place location is a touch bigger than most of the other Sabrina;s does NOT prevent it from getting filled up in minutes. But the pro-tip is definitely to call a half hour in advance of your arrival to get in on the waitlist early. But if you're unlucky and amid a big crowd Bed Bath & Beyond can at least be amusing to walk though.With it being served all day as always breakfast is the main event, especially when its topped with an endless flow of La Colombe coffee. And while I was tempted to go with my staple Fritatta or Huevos Rancheros, I had to go ahead and finally savor their legendary Stuffed French Toast. And while I was first a little intimidated by seeing the mothership of French toasts, I was all ready to relish in its farmers cream cheese center. Add in the crisp and flaky challah bread, and the banana and vanilla bean syrup topping; and you have the breakfast of desserts!If breakfast isn't your default meal than you can easily savor monster sandwiches like Spencer's meatloaf parm, a vegetarian Philly cheesesteak, or a black angus burger. or you can go with dinner specials like honey soy glazed salmon, braised boneless short ribs, or linguini w/ shrimp & mussels. And there's plenty of vegetarian options to boot!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/14/2014,35,287,1,9,8>I've been to Yards a few times for a beer or to pick up a keg.  I stopped in this past Saturday for one of their free tours.  I've been on several brewery tours and am a homebrewer myself.  This was one of the most informative tours I've ever been on.  It's simple but they provide good information, the tours are free and last about 30 minutes.  You get a few free samples and can buy some beers before/after in their tasting room.  They also have rotating food trucks that park outside and provide food as well as a small menu provided by Yards.  The tasting room has a free pool table and table shuffle board which is awesome, although the place gets bumpin on weekends with tours.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,4/13/2014,68,173,2,13,7>Authentic Indian/Pakistani eats are hard to come by near Center City, and the honest-to-goodness Indo-Pak craving can, unfortunately, be quelled solely by a trip to University City's hole-in-the-wall halal spots. One of these joints is the original Kabobeesh, whose Pakistani fare's tastiness is, admittedly, outmatched by the hassle it takes to get there from distant neighborhoods. When I found out that another Kabobeesh outpost on 4th and South was opening up, I was thus ecstatic. The food here matches the quality of the University City original, in cleaner, more modern digs. I prefer the juicy, expertly marinated lamb kabobs here to the more common, slightly drier chicken, but in reality you can't go wrong with any of Kabobeesh's meats. The vegetable dishes may even outshine the charcoal-grilled kabobs. Both the toothsome, fresh okra and deeply spiced, tender eggplant sides delivered serious flavor while keeping things light, in contrast to the more heavy-cream laden, gringo-fied Indian food you get elsewhere. The rice, though a bit clumpy, was also well-seasoned and cooked. Naans, as expected, have a great rim of char while maintaining adequate fluffiness and chew.The prices are a bit high here (~$12 for a platter), but the portions are ample. For me, the price is well-worth it for a taste of home near Center City. If you wish to expand your Indo-Pak food horizons beyond tired lunch buffets, do check out Kabobeesh for a glimpse into what many South Asians crave regularly.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,4/12/2014,238,323,6,11,5>I used a deal to visit Balance recently and would definitely return -- one of the included perks of visiting this spa-in-a-hotel is that you get to visit their fitness center/pool/sauna/jacuzzi if you're visiting for a treatment. Since a day pass is $20, consider that a benefit.My massage therapist (Crystal) was great, and very responsive to my concerns about some elbow pain that I have. Felt great afterward. I also had a facial, and the practitioner was also great, and it was a great first facial experience for me.I'd definitely recommend Balance for someone looking for the full day spa experience (robes!). This was my first time looking for this format (I usually just go to massage directly without the spa) and definitely a fan.#treatyourself
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,4/11/2014,182,603,1,11,5>Okay, so over the past two months I've become a regular lither.  At first I hated the lunges and squats at the barre, but now that I've been doing them awhile they are more manageable.  I really like the balance of cardio and sculpting in most classes.  I go to the 6 am classes and mostly the early classes on the weekends.  The wait list for 6 am moves pretty fast, but it's harder to get into evening classes last minute.  I would like to take more 7 am classes and then shower after and go to work, but I really don't love the locker room.  It's kind of tight when there's a bunch of people getting ready, and there really isn't much privacy.  I'm hoping that the new studio will fix that.I pretty much like all of the instructors, some do more corrections than others.  My favorite classes are higher power, freestyle, barlesque, armistice, high mini, and hipster.  I love the juices and the food.  I frequently grab a smoothie for breakfast.  I do wish they could just connect your credit card that's on file with the purchases, instead of having to swipe a card every time.  It would go faster and they do that at other studios.  I wouldn't say people are super friendly, but they also aren't intimidating.  Also, although there are some Barbie types, I think there is a nice mix of different body types among the instructors and the participants.  There's lots of modifications so everyone can get a great work out at their own level.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/28/2014,46,77,3,10,6>You may drive through Mt Laurel every day. You may speed down rt 38 during rush hour seeing restaurant after restaurant that you've already eaten at. And while this area may be a hub for good eatin', you're probably missing out on a lot of lesser known destinations.Manila Cafe is a little bit off the beaten path, hidden in a small strip center that you may know as "The Wawa on Larchmont Blvd and Hainesport/Mt Laurel Rd". Whether you're feeling adventurous and want to try a new cuisine or are craving some traditional Filipino food, this is the place to go. Now, don't be put off by the lack of ambience. This little eatery is not trying to be a trendy spot for date night or happy hour! They're a family-owned cafeteria and a small food market; nothing more or less than that. But what really makes them stand out is their love for their food and the pride they take in it. The family works together and they eat the same food that they serve, which is always a reassuring sign during a first visit!Go ahead and take a look at what they're serving for the day. Don't be afraid to just walk up and ask "What is this?". They'll excitedly explain every dish and will give you a large sample of any that sound interesting to you. You can get a combination platter of noodles and two entrees for about $6 and it is HUGE; enough to save some for lunch the next day. They don't have a ton of variety, but I graciously accept this because they serve such large portions at such a high standard of quality for such a ludicrously low price. So to sum it up, next time you want to bring some dinner home or just stop in for a quick bite, skip the usual spot and give this place a try. You may just find a new favorite.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/27/2014,82,112,4,4,6>Seasons Flowers is a gorgeous store. I was hurriedly walking down Arch one day and pulled over when I saw a few bead plants in the front of the store, arranged in a really beautiful way. Bead plants. BEAD PLANTS! In all reality, bead plants are actually not as uncommon as I'm making them sound, but I've been wanting one for a long time. And I'd been looking for a species of tillandsia (air plant) of the more rare variety, which I found in part of their really high end-looking terrarium selection. Many moons ago, I was a flower delivery gal driving a van all over Chicago and dropping off arrangements to Oprah right outside her office door and stuff, so I kinda know what I'm talking about when I say that this is a contemporary flower shop. The storefront is really inviting and whimsical in that urban/eclectic/polished chic kinda way -- it's easy to be pulled in. Just think of this as Center City's answer to Terrain being in Glenn Mills. The prices are kinda on the Terrain side as well, but man, when you want a bead plant in your life, you buy a freaking bead plant when you see one ($18).The variety of plants are wonderful, many easy to take care of. There are definitely more houseplants for sale than flowers, but as far as gift-giving goes, I think it's a pretty cool and more sustainable idea to give a plant that will keep on growing vs. flowers that die in a week. The flowers I saw are nice and the selection is way beyond roses and baby's breath (thank heavens). Obviously, I love plants AND I'm a ceramicist who makes pots. Now that I work very close to Seasons, I'm going to have to make a pact with myself NOT to buy every vine-y, mossy, cool-leafed thing I see without considering WHERE they're going to live in the jungle that will ineveitably become my new apartment! But I will totally be stopping in. All the time. Like, probably every week. Plants!!!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,9/26/2014,126,94,6,11,8>So glad to have Daddy Cooks in the area!  The platters are really a bargain; three large sides accompany your meat of choice.  Speaking of meat, vegetarians can happily eat here too!  The vegan pulled pork is great.  Topped with sriracha slaw and some twisted fire starter on the side and I'm a happy camper.  The twisted fire starter is their spicy BBQ sauce made with house roasted habaneros.  A side salad with asian vinaigrette helps cool things down.The pulled pork, brisket, and roasted chicken have all been happily eaten by the others in my house.  As for sides, we like the Mac and cheese, potato salad, and sweet corn salad.  Portions are generous and we fed a family of four for $28.  We were all stuffed and ready for a nap.  :)
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/25/2014,358,257,2,11,6>Let me just say the idea of fast/casual dining and seafood was not a combination I had even thought of. Seafood is something you want fresh and high quality. I have never ventured into Long John Silver's and I am far too old to consider "fish sticks" for a meal. But once I moved into Philadelphia I noticed the way people would buzz and light up when mentioning Lobster Rolls. Many finer dining establishments in the area feature a Lobster Roll on their menu usually in the $25+ price range. To me it seems expensive to pay for something that might not be the highest quality. Many Lobster Rolls look like the lobster meat is mixed with LOTS of mayonnaise and sometimes diced celery. These fillers didn't appeal to me (especially when the price tag was so high).Enter Luke's Lobster, the haven of fast/casual seafood in Center City. Tucked away in the bottom of a building on 17th Street is a trendy little hipster looking spot complete with nautical decor and 6-8 tables. The menu is simplistic and the food is made with high quality seafood. Try a Lobster Roll (duh), Crab Roll, Shrimp Roll, or Lobster Bisque! Lobster Rolls are overflowing with juicy lobster meat lightly seasoned and the buttery roll is complimented by a swipe of mayo- $15 its a steal and $17 for the combo with chips and a drink. Can't decide what to get? Try the Taste of Maine for $23 which includes 2 stone crab claws, 1/2 Lobster Roll, 1/2 Crab Roll, and 1/2 Shrimp Roll. Make sure to grab a Lobsta Mobsta card that gets 1 stamp for each Lobster Roll/Taste of Maine and can be redeemed for a free Lobster roll after 10 stamps!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,9/24/2014,312,582,8,11,9>I've been to a few football (soccer) stadiums in Europe, but never one in the states.  Needless to say, that meant PPL Park had a lot to live up to.  Outside the ridiculousness that was parking, PPL Park hit every other note.  I know it is cliche, but there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  Even the "cheap seats" have a solid view of the field.  While you are probably coming for the game, you can also get some decent food and drinks as well.  They offer more than hot dogs and Bud / Bud Light!  And while the prices are typical for stadiums, the quality was above average.  Finally, they have the Sons of Ben.  That crew knows how to celebrate a win... or tie.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,9/23/2014,167,463,1,9,6>It was a nice Saturday, so I took my baby daughter to Clark Park. Like we often do, we brought lunch home for my wife and us. Always looking for the next best thing, my interest perked up when I saw a new food truck parked at Clark Park. I Smoke My Meat is a BBQ sandwich truck with some interesting sides and deserts. After chatting with the owner, I learned he has a catering business and just launched the truck a week ago.All of the sandwiches come with one side. I got a sandwich I think was called The Daisy or something like it. I got it with pork, chicken and turkey were also options. It has a nice sauce, cheese, and coleslaw on it. My wife got a grilled cheese with maple bacon sandwich. I got my daughter a grilled cheese, sans the bacon, but got the bacon on the side for myself. My side orders were hush puppies and a deviled egg potato salad. My wife got the beans. And, we all shared their homemade chips.All of the sandwiches were great. My wife liked the beans. We all really liked the homemade ships, which we has seasoned with BBQ powder. The hush puppies were very tasty. I was not crazy about the deviled egg potato salad though. It has a weird tangy flavor to it. I was hoping it would taste like a good deviled egg mixed with potato salad, but there was something off about it. And, there was the maple glazed bacon. It was amazeballs. If this rating was for the bacon alone, it would be 5 stars.All in all, they did a good job and I would certainly give them another try.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/22/2014,66,261,5,8,4>Hot diggity dog!  See what I did there?  I LOVE LOVE LOVE a small business and really hope this place takes off. This place is awesome. Who knew a hot dog could be so good? Well, when you deep fry it, smother it in AWESOME homemade chili and serve it on a toasted roll, it takes hot dogs to a whole new level. Throw in some sides like FRESH CUT french fries and HOMEMADE mac and cheese and you have heaven in a basket. This place is relatively new and still ironing out some kinks. Everything is made as it is ordered, therefore, you should anticipate having to wait a few minutes. The menu is awesome -- hot dogs, chicken sandwiches, hamburgers, salads and side dishes like baked beans, cole slaw and THE BEST mac and cheese ever. It's made with white cheddar and is so creamy and delish.  They also have ice cream (hooray!) with a window so you don't have to go inside. The service is friendly and personable. The owner was present and helping new employees and answering questions. He talked to everyone and walked around asking if anyone needed anything. The place is very very clean because it is very very new. You can dine in or take out.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/21/2014,195,334,4,10,6>Sweet Freedom has arrived on the Main Line and it is just as great as its other locations.I had the vanilla popsicle and the red velvet cupcake. Both were great.Sweet Freedom is a great bakery that happens to be allergen-free and vegan.Sweet Freedom is the direction all food, not just desserts, will go in time. Enjoy the future now! Their desserts are usually really good and not too sweet. Their products are high quality. Be aware that high quality does come at a price. Their desserts tend to be on the expensive side.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,9/20/2014,170,128,13,16,16>Torta Cubana. End of story. Just kidding, my story starts with a venture into the Bella Vista area on a Sunday night. I was on searching for something other than Vietnamese food. I stumbled upon a restaurant that I can't imagine pronouncing correctly the first ten tries. I walked in and asked if I could see a menu for take-out and the gentleman, John, sat me at the bar. The place is pretty roomy. Nothing fancy here, tables and chairs with Spanish music playing. I asked John for recommendations and he immediately pointed out the Torta Cubana. Before I left, I received a history lesson and learned how to pronounce the restaurant's name; Ees-tah-see-wah. This football-sized sandwich is no joke. I unwrapped the foil and was immediately impressed with the presentation. I don't know how they did it but they managed to cram 12 ingredients in between two slices of Bolillo bread. What's more amazing is that each ingredient is layered neatly, and you can see each layer. It looked like a sandwich you would see on TV! Everything about the Torta was excellent. I cannot wait to go back to try the rest of the food at Iztaccihuatl.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,9/19/2014,152,15,12,10,5>I walked into "make it clap" heaven last night with a childhood friend to have a great time. I did. Not all of the dancers are very friendly but I wasn't exactly there for the best customer service. They had some pretty decent drink specials also. On Tuesdays, they have Ciroc and Grey Goose shots for $2! The showroom, bar, and main stage are very large and you won't have to fight to get a drink. One of the managers and I had a great convo, a high five, and a shot before I left. I had no plans on being there last night. I'd totally visit again, randomly.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,5/30/2011,152,350,5,8,6>Listen, if you work in Manayunk, live in Manayunk, or plan on passing through it- you MUST get a sandwich at Angelo and Josephine's. I have done my fair share of eating in the Yunk, and I think I will go so far as saying their sandwiches are the best food in town.Much of the long sandwich list are combinations of Italian deli meats and accompaniments. If none of the pre-set combos strike your fancy, you can easily create your own or make substitutes.  The ingredients are all high high quality. You will find no slimy deli meat here. The sandwiches are piled with the cured meat slices; they are quite big. Plus- how can you not be completely in love with a sandwich joint that puts an extra layer of meat on TOP of the sandwich. Completely unnecessary, completely awesome. My sandwich was hot sorpressata, hot cappicolla, provolone, and tomato. Sandwiches run around 6 or $7.If I see homemade roast pork on a menu there is a 100% guarantee that I will order it. I was told that Grandma makes it fresh here every morning from an old family recipe. The juicy slices were exactly what I was hoping for. This pork makes you stop and take notice. It was somehow light but also full of flavor. I wouldn't be surprised if Grandma had a conversation with the pig and asked him what seasonings would be ideal to bring out his maximum delicious potential. Garlic was definitely mentioned in that conversation.  The pork is so good that it barely needs anything with it, but sharp provolone is the appropriate dairy addition.I liked both sandwiches so much, and would advise coming with a friend so you can go halvsies with one stacked deli sandwich and one roast pork sandwich.   Angelo and Josephine's sandwiches are the kind of secret I want to shout about from the rooftops.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,5/29/2011,400,308,4,8,5>Tuesday Thali nights for $20 renewed my love for Bindi.    For $20 you get a little sampling of everything that Bindi does and you come away, full, sated and happy.  Though service is always a little touch and go, the food has been consistently good as of late and I never leave feeling like I haven't had enough to eat.  The ingredients are always so fresh, the end result is yummy --  and I love that they locally source everything and support our local farmers.Okay, so it isn't traditional Indian food, not even in the least, but I know it, they know it - so get over it and enjoy it for what it's worth.As always, I've got to give a shout-out to the owners (who I don't even know, but admire), Marcie and Valerie, who are almost entirely responsible for the revitalization that has taken place on 13th Street in the last 7 years.  Power to the women!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,5/28/2011,1014,321,14,25,17>Just in case you don't happen to have a Polish grandparent stashed away somewhere, you should know that pierogies are one of the most bitchingly annoying things to make, possibly ever. The dough must be handled just right; the rolling and stretching carried out with precision.  Fillings must be made ahead of time  and assembly executed with Japanese vehicle-line efficiently, in order to avoid running about higglety-pigglety from counter to stove and back again, expending more calories than you will eventually glean from eating the things.This is why you should not attempt to make these treasured Eastern European dumplings yourself, but rather get to Czerw's (say it Shev's) Kielbasy and choose from their mind-boggling array of perfect pierogies. Traditional versions come stuffed with potato, sauerkraut, or my favorite, potato and soft farmer's cheese, among others.  If you prefer a new-school flavor, try their lusciously salty Philly cheesesteak, buffalo chicken or bacon-cheddar versions.  Unorthodox but assuredly addictive simply fried up in plenty of butter and onions -- all in less time than it takes to nuke a Hot Pocket.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,5/27/2011,425,275,11,14,11>As a Baker, I don't usually seek out other bakeries in my free time, which explains why I only recently tried Maria's after living around the corner from it for 3 years.I decided to justify a morning walk, by stopping in to try something out. It's a typical local bakery. Friendly and talented staff making some wonderful pastries. I'm a powdered white cream donut guy and the examples I saw there were irresistible and I got a few. They were possibly the best I'd had in recent memory. Sweet and ample cream sandwiched between fresh crispy pastry. Not even sure that was classified as a donut but who cares!? I will definitely go back for them again and let my kids in on it next time.What keeps it from a 5 star rating was that I didn't see any coffee for sell ( I admit I didn't ask either but you can usually smell when there's coffee). I also didn't go for sweets and was hoping to get some fresh bread or a bagel. It seems they only do pastries and cakes at Maria's.Still in my " expert" opinion, both as a baker and a fatty, Maria's is worth a trip.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,5/26/2011,82,189,10,10,8>"Throwing My Weight Behind Their Meat"My future cardiologist will tisk-tisk my apple-shaped? Or pear-shaped self up and down, and up and down when I whisper into his ear everything he won't want me to share with him about Butcher and Singer's:delicious wedge salad with Russian, bacon and blue bits (tho the blue could stand to be sharper and stinkier)delicious, briny Porterhouse, cooked exactly to orderdelicious, thick, tender, double-fried Singer Friesdelicious, silk-spun creamed spinachdelicious sparkling ladylike Rosereasonably, though not award-winningly, delicious chocolate cakeessential Pelligrino to make that mess go down smoothLovely dining room, effective service. Reasonably authentic experience given the Starr ruse. In all, it's a Center City must-do.P.S. Thank you, Michelle, for putting the bug in my ear & making me go here in spite of my faltering bathing suit goals.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,5/25/2011,96,186,10,8,7>I ate at Memphis Taproom for the second time last night. I went with the smoked coconut club and it really, really bugged me out. The smoked coconut is not what I imagined it would be. Instead, it is an exact, vegan replication of bacon. It tasted like bacon. After my first bite I was all nervous and started picking at my sandwich and I had Mike try some and he said it was definitely bacon. I was ready to make peace with the fact that I had consumed a whole bite of bacon. So we hailed down our server and there was a bit of confusion and I was like "uhhh" and Mike stepped in and asked what was on the sandwich and she was very cavalier and understanding, "yup, tastes just like bacon." It tasted like bacon and felt like bacon in my mouth and I'm still nervous that it was actually bacon, but a recently conducted Google search confirmed that it was definitely not bacon but an amazing substitute. So weird, so delicious. Almost too delicious.We also had the fried pickles which were, much to my surprise, fried whole kosher dill quarters, not the usual fried pickle chips. I burnt my had on some scalding hot pickle juice, but for this, I blame myself. The horseradish dip that came with was a perfect match, as well. Totally freaked out by the smoked coconut still. Try it, it will rock your world.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,5/24/2011,828,1172,9,12,14>Birthday dinner review!Like most Yelpers in the know I've had the chance to talk with Chef Sam and get a genuine feel for his passion for cooking and extensive recipe knowledge. And it got to the point that following him and Sycamore on Facebook has led to me seeing some pretty tantalizing food porn. So when it came to deciding where I wanted to enjoy birthday dinner with my fam this year, I couldn't think of any other place. And in the end I'm far from being biased in saying that it was hands down one of the best meals I've ever experienced!When I first walked in I was instantly drawn to the fine wooden decor, and I became even more amazed when I learned that the owner crafted all of the elongated tables and chandeliers with their own hands! And our server was spot on and proved to be extremely knowledgeable throughout the evening.You know a menu is impeccable when you literally want to order every single thing on it. So you can imagine how impossible rounding it down was, although things like the farmers plate which hooked up 3 cheeses and 2 charcuterie items helped a little. The dry steak dusted with porcini mushrooms was amazing, and the Sopresseta salami was the perfect antithesis. as a former cheese monger I can assure you that a place is real deal when it has things like Epoisses and Idiazabal on its cheese plate selection; so seeing them available had me sold.Appetizers consisted of the so simple yet so addicting egg and medley of wild mushrooms on toast (which is what I've been dreaming up as the perfect breakfast ever since!), and the new tuna tartare that Sam was testing out for the chef's menu and hopefully decides to keep for a long haul since it was amazing. the main course of scallops with chorizo, potatoes, and chard in a port wine reduction was as impeccably delicious and masterful as it sounds.For dessert I was mad tempted to go with the pumpkin flan. But since the Budino offered graham cracker crust, rum, and BACON, it piqued my curiosity. And since a wise man once said on Facebook, "Either you love Bacon, or you're wrong."; it turned into something that I henceforth couldn't resist. Since I was expecting the rum cake forged by the GODS; I was little surprised to find that it was a pudding, but i can only summarize it by saying.... WoW!For the extra special touch I was given a plate of cookies (which I apologize for not finishing, but as this review shows I was that well fed!) and a candle to blow out for my birthday. And its extra touches like that which managed to shine throughout that make Sycamore one of places to watch and get down to already!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,5/23/2011,56,71,4,6,5>Does anyone remember Sal's? Does anyone remember asking your friend to hold the door (literally, like, it wasn't attached to the frame) while you peed, into a bowl semi-resembling a toilet, dodging the puddles in the basement, dancing so hard you thought the floor was going to collapse, buying drinks from the makeshift bar that mixes cocktails with 2 liter bottles of soda? How could you forget right?Whoever transformed this spot into Tabu did a remarkable job! I was upstairs for karaoke on a Monday night, enclosed in the same four walls I used to go to Broadzilla dance parties every week and drink Sparks until my tongue turned orange, and it was hard to believe. The walls are beautiful brick, the bar is a real bar in a much more convenient spot and the bathrooms are so clean you're not afraid to sit on the toilet. It's got a nice, loungey atmosphere and is perfect for you and ten of your friends.The bartender was friendly, and when the barback cleared my and my friends' drinks by accident, she made a couple more, no questions asked. She even sang karaoke and well!Sara Sherr hosts karaoke all over the place on any given night of the week, but so far I've most enjoyed it at Tabu. I can't vouch for the sportiness of this sports bar, but if those aforementioned memories ring a bell (albeit hazy indeed) it's worth checking out just to revisit and see what they've done with the place.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,5/22/2011,97,108,6,8,6>I don't think I like cheesesteaks. I know, this is definitely the wrong way to start off a review of a place known for said food, but allow me to finish. You see, I rarely eat them because sometimes I try and watch my girlish figure so when I do have one it better be amazing. Gooey Looie's? Definitely really damn good and may just make a cheesesteak convert out of me. I've actually been meaning to try this place for awhile, but now that I live a few blocks away from it I finally decided to let my inner fat kid out and go nuts. It's kind of hard to find in that it's located within the Pennsport Mall on Moyamensing, but just keep an eye out for people carrying bags full of food that look so heavy that the plastic bag may break. The place itself is also small and unassuming - only one or two tables, a mini-mart, and a grill in the back where you order your food. You can get any of the typical hoagies and grill items, but if this is your first time there a cheesesteak is definitely what you should go for. It's the size of a baby, weighs about the same, and FULL of meet and cheese and onions and anything else you could wish for your perfect cheesesteak. It lives up to the reputation for being massive, seriously. As far as the taste? It's got a pretty good meat-cheese ratio (although I would prefer more cheese because hell, that's all I ever want to eat) that is gooey and yummy and literally falls out of the roll because it's just that filled. The roll does get a tiny bit soggy, but it would be impossible not to after holding all the meat in a cow. The people that work there are lovely, too. They are your typical South Philly types with just the right amount of sass to make it endearing. Although they could tell me to go screw myself and I'd still come back for this cheesesteak and other sandwiches. In short? Living this close to a place this good is a dangerous and cruel mistress, that's for damn sure. Screw all the other "big name" cheesesteak places - do yourself a favor and fix your cheesesteak cravings here.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,5/21/2011,65,218,6,4,4>If I were really rich I'd shop here all the time. I'm not, but I've gotten pretty good at picking out beers that don't completely rob my pocket. That being said, I love this place, I really do. It's a block from my house and they carry an extensive list of beer that keep me from getting into any ruts. They carry beer from everywhere and their list updates constantly. They also have tasting events where they help you expand your beer horizons. I've never bought anything except for beer here, so I don't even realize that they have anything, but I recall noticing other items for sale. Anyway, I never feel judged when I'm here, and if you have to pay for quality, then I say we should pay...shouldn't we? A Kastel Rouge or a Unibroue Ephemere are some of the tastiest beers I've ever had and while expensive sometimes that's what I want, so I will contentedly pay for it. Especially when it's getting late in the night and the bev distributors have all closed with their cases inside. It still (generally) is cheaper than buying bottles at a bar, so it's still a win in my mind.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,3/31/2014,212,160,10,16,11>ATTENTION all curly girls of Greater Philadelphia: Get your ass to Rae & Co.Listen, friends. I am salon-phobic. For years I cut my own hair for fear of leaving the stylist chair looking like a frizzy triangle from 1985. Then while in California, I found the phenomenon of the dry hair cut. The premise? Curly hair does not look the same wet as it does when it's dry, so cut it when it's dry. Pretty simple, but makes a world of difference. I've been looking for someone who can do a proper sculpted dry cut in Philly for YEARS to no avail. Today my search ended.How the hell has this place stayed off my radar? It has been in business for 9 years and has only a handful of Yelp reviews, yet today I'm pretty sure I got the best hair cut of my life. Actually, I'm positive.Sam not only cleaned up all of my dead ends and reworked my layers, but she talked me through was she was doing and gave me a ton of really useful advice. My hair looks healthier, my curls look amazing, and I could not be happier.Fellow Botticelli vixens, stop being afraid to venture outside of city limits for a hair cut. Your curls will thank you.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/30/2014,232,522,8,10,7>I was absurdly early to a dinner reservation, it was cold outside, and I didn't feel like going inside the restaurant and lingering until the rest of my party arrived. In turn, I walked right past said restaurant and straight into Go Popcorn to kill some time.On that visit, I purchased a small bag of butter for $3 and called it a night. In the restaurant later on, my server saw the bag, asked what type I bought, and went on to rave about their different flavors.The next morning at 9:30 a.m., I decided to "try" a piece of the popcorn. After all, it was 9:30 a.m. and we're talking about popcorn here. Usually it's not a morning food and what-not. Well, to cut a short story even shorter, that bag disappeared within half an hour. I don't know how. I blame my mouth. I had nothing to do with it otherwise.Point here is that I'm sold. Go Popcorn is awesome. I've now also had their cheddar and would highly recommend. I tried a sample of their rice krispy treat popcorn, but couldn't hop on that wagon. A little too far out for me. They do give generous samples, though, which is another positive.I'll be back again and again, as I'm officially hooked on this perfectly-formed popcorn.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,3/29/2014,123,206,3,10,5>I'm nearly in a sushi coma. I scarfed down way too much, and I don't regret a bite of it. I've recently been concerned that I was losing my taste for sushi, or that there were no longer restaurants that could appease me. After a long night of Pilates and shopping, I came home starving with no desire to cook. I hopped on grub hub and saw that Kabuki had recently opened up AND has five stars on yelp. Spending a few extra dollars on my meal was work every penny. The fish is fresh, rice perfectly seasoned, and delivery was speedy and amiable.  I wish I had taken photos of the rolls, but I was seriously famished. I've found my new go-to. Keep it up, Kabuki. Don't let me down.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/28/2014,24,92,6,8,6>First thing I must ask: WHY DOES THIS NOT HAVE FIVE STARS?This place is absolutely wonderful. I don't even know where to begin. Appetizers of course!!I went with my family and got the Oysters Rockefellar and we split the french onion soup. The Oysters Rockefeller danced the can-can on my tongue and the french onion soup later blanketed my taste buds with cheesy goodness and crunchy delicious-ness.Next, I split the large prime rib with my sister--honestly, if you go with an even amount, this is the way to go. Our portions each were the size of the plate and it was the juiciest, tenderest, perfectly salted thing I've ever had the good graces to eat. The horseradish sauces were fantastic (I like to combine the creamy horse radish with the ground horse radish) and I cannot wait to eat it again.For dessert, get anything. It's wonderful.also, join the club if you're a regular! You'll get offered a free drink for you and a friend on any occasion (anniversary, birthday).
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,3/27/2014,80,481,1,9,7>Pretty great pizza. This is the type of thinner crust "New York style" pizza that I prefer. I have not tried any toppings yet, But their plain is pretty good. The crust tastes good and is not overly floured the way some thin crust can get. The sauce was very tasty and cheese perfect.  Slices are foldable. Only two things I would change:The second pizza I tried with extra sauce, as the first one was a bit dry for my taste. If you like your pizza a bit wetter, I would recommend getting extra sauce.Also, the crust is a little too crispy for my taste, now my understanding is that this is the way that "New York style" pizza is meant to be served. But I prefer a little flop in my slice.  Slices are definitely foldable, but you are sort of cracking the slice in half a little bit rather than a true fold.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,3/26/2014,194,169,,9,6>Tate's has come a long way since my last review. They have since started taking credit cards (for checks $10 or more) and they are also on GrubHub. They will deliver for any order over $20.This is still my favorite breakfast spot on my area. Everything is always cooked perfectly, every single time. Their breakfast meats are insanely good, and the service is always wonderful. Everyone who works here is a sweetheart, and I always feel like I'm having breakfast in an old friend's kitchen when I come to Tate's.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/24/2014,312,582,1,12,7>An amazing, four and a half-star experience.  I'm not kidding, a few small details landed Zama just below perfection, but high enough on my list that it will be getting another shot at glory soon enough.JJ and I arrived Saturday evening for dinner.  Since it was snowing, we hoped the lack of reservation might not be a problem (hint: book a reservation).  Luckily, they were able to seat us at the sushi bar quickly.  Turns out, the sushi bar is a great place to sit since you get to see all the menu options come to life.A little gun shy about a recent chef tasting experience, we decided to make our own tasting experience.  First up, the Kirin Ichiban Braised Short Ribs.  I wondered how I might eat such a dish with chopsticks, however, the meat was so tender that was not a problem.  It was probably my favorite.  Next, a simple Oshinko.  It helped clear our palate and prepare us for item three, the Sufer roll (yellowtail jalapeño roll topped with tuna sashimi, avocado salsa, and crispy rice cracker).  I lied, this roll had to be my favorite.  It was fresh and delicious with a variety of textures which really helped enhance the flavors .  Item four, a refreshing Tuna Usuzukuri, to no surprise, also made its case for my favorite.  It was sliced into 6 pieces for easier enjoyment which ensured eat bite delivered the chef's intentions.Our last main of the night was the Jose Garces Chirashi.  It is a rice dish with various fish on top. It was good, but not the way to end our night. It just didn't seem well balanced (although the dish itself was setup nicely to split between two).  We also tried three small desserts, since they have a sampler 3x$10 dessert option.  While all enjoyable, none blew me away.  For the complete picture, we had the Yuzu Crème Brulee, Banana Springroll, and Apple Gyoza.  Make sure to ask about the desserts, as the menu is a bit nondescript.To end where I began, Yay! I'm a fan nearly Woohoo'ing.  I'll be back and recommend you plan a visit as well.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,3/23/2014,82,212,1,14,7>Came with a couple who dines here frequently. They raved about the place, and being a pho-lover, I knew I had to give it a try. How did I not know about all these pho places outside of Chinatown?!?!? It is in North Philly so the area isn't great, however there are many vietnamese places on this street and plenty of street parking available. There is no menu, so we had the experts order for us. Got the small bowl of pho tai and a whole chicken. The chicken is yummy and fresh!! It comes with a sauce which is different. Apparently they get the chicken from across the street?? We devoured the entire thing! The pho was also pretty good. I liked that the meat pieces were slightly thicker and not the thin slices I was used to. The broth was good too. I left with a happy tummy. They have drinks here too like coconut, and vietnamese coffee, but I was too full to try those out.This place is also Cash Only. Small place so I recommend not to sit by the door in the winter time. It gets cold!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,3/22/2014,91,209,4,8,4>What the suburbs needs. A local, farm-to-table restaurant.Food-The menu is seasonal. Nothing was over $30. We ordered mussels as an appetizer and they were good. For dinner, we ordered the colonial burger (half beef, half pork) which was great. My friend loved the BLT and said it was the best BLT ever. For the money, the entrees were good portions.Drinks-Don't expect beers like Miller Lite here. Instead they have 10 local beers on tap. Noise-It was pretty loud on a Friday night so I would avoid it if you want an intimate dinner. The market- The market was small but carried a variety of ready-to- eat items like house made sausage, chicken pot pie, etc. They also carry local beers.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,3/21/2014,20,347,6,13,7>Since moving from Korean food heaven (aka. Los Angeles) to Philly a few months ago, I've tried over a few dozen Korean restaurants and I've been fairly disappointed in every single one of them. All of them had ok to terrible tasting Korean food and they were all overpriced for the quality that they served. I was about to give up on all Korean food in the East Coast and write it up as a hopeless endeavor.And that all changed when I came here.I was told about Jong Ka Jib by a friend who knew I was looking for good soon doo bu and how I'd been so disappointed in all of the Korean places around the area. I honestly didn't think this place would be any different but I was thinking, "Hey, at this point, I might as well start conditioning my mind into thinking this is good Korean food." and I went.I was blown away. Not only is Jong Ka Jib the best Korean food I've had at a restaurant since moving out from LA, but I would definitely consider it one of the top ten soon doo bu places I've ever been to in my life. Granted, it's not in the top 3 in my opinion but it's definitely up there. I had the pork soon doo bu extra spicy and ordered a side of kalbi ($15). The soup base was very tasty and it wasn't too watery or thick. And the tofu was cooked to perfection. They give out perfect portions too so after you finish eating, you should be pretty full.Don't be surprised or put-off when you come in and see a ton of non-Koreans eating here (white and Chinese) if you're not used to that. I myself, coming from LA, if I went to a Korean place and saw the customer base were mostly non-Koreans, I walked out because from experience, the food did not taste like Korean food but very Americanized. This place doesn't follow that trend.The service here is just ok, or maybe even below ok but that's what I've come to expect and experience when I was in LA going to good Korean restaurants. It's rare to find a Korean place that has great service and great food. The galbi was terrible though. Don't get it. First off, it's not marinated very well and the flavors come across a bit funky. Second, it is way overpriced for the amount and quality of the meat. I shared the kalbi with two other people and we didn't even finish the galbi. That's how bad it was. As long as you stick with the soondoobu, and the occasional pajun (Korean pancake), you'll be very happy.After my oh so amazing experience here, I came here two more time thinking maybe it was a fluke. And no, it wasn't. I think I've found my home here.Parking: Limited lot or streetPrice: $10 per personWait: 10 mins after order (during rush hour you will wait an hour to be seated so beware)
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/30/2014,197,138,4,15,4>LOVE LOVE LOVEThis is the BEST bubble tea I've had in Philly!! Even better than what I've had in Chinatown *__*A friend and I came across the soft opening of Carina by chance--the cafe is located within the massive structure that is International House, but it's near the front and very visible, so it's not hard to find. The interior was bright and classy, with ample area for seating. Ordering is fairly straightforward, and the line at the counter wasn't too long (once Carina opens for real though, I anticipate looong lines though!). The menu is PACKED with really cool bubble tea flavors / combos, and equally tantalizing waffle+ice cream flavor combos. I ended up ordering a Cold Lavender Bubble Tea, and my friend ordered a Cold Original Bubble Tea with Strawberry Popping Bubbles. We got a Waffle with Nutella and Matcha Green Tea Ice Cream to split.We waited about 10 minutes total for all of our items to come out--and everything was INCREDIBLE. My Lavender Bubble Tea was so very... lavendery. Like, the flavor was really a standout and the bubbles were perfectly cooked. It was phenomenal. My friend's bubble tea was also awesome, with the strawberry popping bubbles being a fantastic standout (I can't wait to go back and try the mango popping bubbles!!) The waffle was a bit small for the price we paid, but was AMAZING in terms of flavor and texture. I had no idea that nutella and green tea ice cream would go together (my friend's decision, not mine...) but it was mind-blowingly good, especially on top of the crunchy-yet-soft-on-the-inside waffle.Definitely check out Carina!!! It's a new gem on Penn's campus with lovely people, lovely food, and a lovely interior. I'm looking forward to becoming a regular there in the few months I have left in Philadelphia.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/29/2014,57,257,4,10,5>So I only had take out and coffee here, but I like the vibe of this place.  I love that there's such a cute little brunch joint within walking distance of our Point Breeze home too.For the food, we ordered pollo enchiladas.  You get three and they are decently-sized. While they were good, I would have liked some sour cream or guacamole on the side (these may be sides you have to inquire about, so next time I'll be more assertive!)The staff was super friendly, both in person and over the phone.  I'm looking forward to enjoying a sit-down brunch here in the future.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Cafe Ynez!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,5/28/2014,851,144,10,19,16>So, out tonight with my guy and friends for our monthly Friday Foodie gathering. It was my 1st time at Parc and I was very pleased.Piping through the sound system was melodic french music which sounded like a variety of contemporary jazz artists. Great tempo and volume for the overflowing crowd dining for the evening. Although there were many people filling the tables and bar area, the noise factor was surprisingly neither overpowering nor intrusive.The restaurant was larger than I expected but tables were spaciously distributed so you did't feel so close to the neighboring table. Dim lighting set the early evening mood with hint of romance but enough light to make it appropriate amongst friends.For my appetizer, I had escargot and my table-mates indulged in Macaroni au Gratin and ravioli stuffed shells with a delicate cheese. We all shared and each was an 8 out of 10 on the delicious scale. The escargot was tender in a broth containing mushrooms (& other ingredients I can't recall). They were out of their shell which was a departure from my previous escargot experiences. The Macaroni au gratin was piping hot with a white cheese. It was slightly rich and creamy with a mildly sweet taste that was so appetizing. The ravioli hors d' oeuvres of four was a appropriate size and were good. Light cheese filling and the pasta for the ravioli was simple without any fanfare.For my entree, I had pan-seared scallops which in one word, Divine. A mild sweet flavor, tender and juicy. Although only 4 scallops were served with dinner,  they were generous in size and very filling. A top the scallops were black trumpet mushrooms, onion suboise &  peas. I am not a mushroom fan but found the assortment of all 3 to be tasty and savory.  For dessert I had the coconut sorbet with rum... It was so lip and tongue swirling delicious, I decided on my next visit, I'm eating dessert 1st. Dessert & a cocktail all in one. What more needs to be written!?Enjoyed, happy & full = return & I mean soon...
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,5/27/2014,4498,831,16,24,13>I'd rather have a root canal with no pain meds than drive to NY City!  So when I want to go to the Big Apple, which is fairly often, I come here.  It beats the hell out of having the roots drilled out of my teeth.Don't you love watching folks stare at something cool?  The central concourse here is awe inspiring and the dozens of posted pictures really don't do it justice. I've watched people slowly spin around in circles with their mouths open and finally mutter OMG!  To me it rivals Union Station in DC.Getting a train ticket is easy.  There are lots of windows where you can visit with a human. There are bunches of ATM-like machines where you can do it electronically. Or, of course, there is a smartphone Amtrak app or the web.In addition to Amtrak, you can connect to lots of other transportation options including SEPTA and BOLT buses.While you're there you might want to have a bite or a drink.  The choices are impressive.  There are buffets, bars, lots of fast food, salads, and on and on. The choices are so good that at lunchtime hungry Philly folks come from outside the station to take advantage of the offerings.  That's saying something.When you finally leave, let's say on Amtrak, signage is great and obvious security is almost nonexistent.  Who knows what's behind the scenes though.Compared to flying, the stress level of traveling from here is much much less and thus I award four stars.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,5/26/2014,62,169,2,12,7>I like dive bars, and this is a shining example of one. A nice long bar, a jukebox, some kind of arcade game I didn't pay attention to but was still glad they had, plenty of booths, two giant TVs to watch sports, and no one getting testy if a little beer got spilled. Definitely a comfy place to spend an evening. The jukebox is a very cool feature. It takes dollar bills and even credit cards. These things are getting super high-tech these days I guess. There's even a little space in front of the jukebox where you can dance. Not that people go here to dance, but when a member of your group puts on Safety Dance, things just happen. The music is really the perfect volume, loud enough to hear and rock out to but not so loud that you can't hear one another talk. I know what you're wondering - this is a BAR, how were the drinks? I was the DD so I have no idea, but everyone else really seemed to enjoy the lager. One more thing to note: smoking is permitted in the bar and it does tend to linger, so take into consideration that your clothes and hair will most likely smell a little bit like smoke afterwards if you spend a prolonged period here.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/25/2014,199,293,5,9,4>$7.75 for a HUGE ass bowl of pho!I finished a little more than half of my bowl before I gave up from being overwhelmed by the rice noodles expanding in my tummy. Pho is so incredibly filling.I usually get pho tai (which I'm pretty sure is just pho with thin slices of round steak) at Vietnamese restaurants, but I felt a little adventurous and went for #56 on the menu here - I can't remember the name of it, but it had three different kinds of safe-sounding meats (I'm not a fan of tripe or other gastrointestinal bits), which included some fatty brisket.We also tried their chicken and shrimp goi cuon here (Summer rolls? Spring rolls? Which is it?) and it really hit the spot.Definitely coming back here when I'm craving pho on a cold, winter night.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/24/2014,85,261,4,7,8>Meatball heaven! :-) So delicious and very moist! Came here during the Manayunk StrEAT food festival. I loooove food trucks so I love going out to events like this. I'm so glad this truck made it's presence here, bc I wouldn't have known they existed it they didn't. I ordered the traditional meatball so my son could have some as well. Mmmm, so GOOD! Seasoned perfectly and had the right amount of sauce on it. My son couldn't get enough. After one bite, I felt like I had to constantly stop the stroller to give him another bite. The bread was also delicious. It didn't fall apart and it was nice and soft. Only downfall - I wish I ordered more than just one. After taking the first bite, we looked at the line and it was soooo long, we didn't want to wait in it again. One meatball split bw 3 people... FAIL! Hahaha
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/23/2014,136,112,6,10,8>Forget about kids loving this place. /I/ love this place! Unfortunately baby bro is too cool for school now and doesn't like playgrounds (okay so he's 13 but a baby to me) so I don't really have an excuse to climb through this big wooden castle anymore. But I can come here and jog on the path near the big wooden castle, and stare longingly into the dark, mysterious walls of its labyrinth. This palace encloses a magical maze that leads to - if you're lucky enough to find it - the BIG slide. Surrounding the castle are swings (including those of the tire variety), monkey bars, and other various activities for your little ones. Bring lunch! There are picnic tables here as well, and the park as a whole is kept clean and tidy. There is a "Save Kids Castle" crew that is trying to...save Kids Castle. But I'm not sure from what. I do know that they closed the castle up for "Phase One," and as soon as the Kids Castle Saviors collect enough donations, they will fund "Phase Two" and "Phase Three." The Castle is open for now, but there is more information on their website. doylestownrec.com/info/fIf a 22 year old climbing through a castle deemed for children full of local little ones wasn't frowned upon, I'd probably spend my Saturdays here. But unfortunately it is frowned upon, so I will crawl through the maze nevermore, nevermore...nevermore. Until we meet in heaven.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/22/2014,139,292,2,11,9>Good choice for a casual brunch/lunch, especially when meeting up with friends.Mac and cheese appetizer is a large portion great for sharing, or to order while you're waiting for the rest of the food.Turkey club sandwich is too tall to properly eat.  Turkey is dry (although fresh), so be sure to order extra mayo on the side.Caesar salad has a very weak and slightly acidic dressing, it's not really a traditional version, but it's good.Omelette's are huge and cooked great.  Feel free to order off menu and make your own special requests.Pancakes are also huge, we usually order a plate with brunch for the table to share.The green shake sounds kinda gross (spinach and yogurt...) but it's actually really, really good.  If you're not starting off brunch with this, you should be ordering the bloody mary or mimosa.The staff is really attentive, the busboys almost too much so as they'll be there to clear your plates as each person finishes.  You almost get the impression that they're rising to get you out the door so they can turn the table, and then you look-up and see the 4 groups of friends and 2 small families pushing strollers waiting for one of the tables to free up.Come early or come late, but "just after church" is by far their busiest time so be prepared to wait.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,5/21/2014,1090,471,8,14,13>Came here for lunch on a Saturday, and was very impressed by the service and food. This place being in Collingswood is BYOB, that is an automatic +1 star. As soon as we sat  we got a beautiful triangle fresh Italian bread and a plate of mixed herbs  to add olive oil on to dip the bread, while this was great, I still prefer balsamic vinegar. Yvette and I both had a salad which was fantastic. I loved my food, it was Penne pasta with sausage, it was amazing. Of course Yvette got a crab and lobster ravioli, which was in a vodka sauce. It was pretty good, but of course she enjoyed my food more. Food was fantastic, service was great and BYOB, will definitely be back.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,10/8/2013,152,350,,13,8>In Chinese food feud spanning two states, the original Xi'an Famous Food from NY contacted this Philly restaurant f.k.a. Xi'an Famous and asked them to change their name to avoid an infringement suit. Hence the new name, Xi'an Sizzling Woks. Since my first visit, the 10 item hand printed menu has expanded to a vast noodley menu that I had to explore.1) Wontons in chili oil (hot appetizer section, $4.95) are a very different version that those served at local Szechuan joints like Han Dynasty, these are much larger and thicker, but no less enjoyable; more like the wontons found in wonton soup. Spicy chili oil, scallions, and sesame seeds covered these pork filled packages.2) Shanghai bokchoy with green soy beans (cold vegetable appetizer section, $5.50) is a good cooling snack to munch on in between spicy bites of everything else. 3) The Chef Recommendation section of the menu is a good place to get to know. The new menu includes a good amount of dishes you could find elsewhere. But the Chef's recs are the best place to order the real Xi'an style plates. This is where to find the signature Xi'an liang pi noodles. They were exactly the same as when I tried it on my first visit- spicy, slippery, almost as good as the  NYC Xi'an Famous Foods version.4) The spicy sour minced pork noodles ($6.95) was served in a large bowl with spaghetti sized noodles and a "hot and sour" style broth. The menu did not indicate this was a soup and I was expecting something different, though I enjoyed the layered flavors of the soup.5) We noticed an intriguing plate of noodles on the table next to us and our waiter explained it was the Sauteed spicy chicken and noodle plate, "good for a group," he said. The giant plate of noodles is definitely not for one person and was the most expensive thing we ordered at $16.95. The noodles were insanely wide and thick, and were unevenly torn which leads me to believe they were made in house. Under the noodles, a spicy sauce with hints of curry. On top of the noodles, pieces of moist chicken on the bone and potatoes. I loved this; noodles like this are so fun to eat. I doubt you could find anything else like this in Philly.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,10/7/2013,136,287,2,7,3>This place just opened up the street from my bf's apartment, so on a hungover Saturday, what could one possibly want other than Burgers, Breasts, and Fries? We had never been here been to a Buddy's before, and they give you a lot of options, so we decided to try a little bit of everything. We got a fried chicken sandwich (yum! Chick-Fil-A, you got some competition), a burger with a ton of toppings (free!), a chili dog (that was all the bf, so I can't tell you about that), sweet potato fries (don't usually like them, but these were good), and regular fries (fresh cut and crispy!). They also have a coke freestyle machine, where you can basically choose any flavor of coke products that you could dream of in one touch-screen machine. Fun! Check it out!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,10/6/2013,119,247,5,11,9>BE STILL, MY HEART! I'm so happy Philly has a Luke's now! I checked out Luke's during its grand opening weekend. I groaned as I walked to Luke's because it was a busy weekend - college graduations all over the city and the Rittenhouse Row Festival - and I was nervous it would be packed. Luckily, no one seemed to be too hungry at 11:15 a.m. The menu is short and sweet and located right next to the register. But I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted - the crab sandwich combo, which comes with chips, a drink, and a pickle. I know, I know, it's Luke's LOBSTER. And yes, the lobster rolls are awesome. I just happen to prefer crab, so if you're like me, I can definitely vouch for the delicious crab option. Grab a friend and split the Noah's Ark - it's a pretty good deal at $38 because you get two half lobster rolls, two half crab rolls, two half shrimp rolls, two pickles, two drinks, and two bags of chips.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/5/2013,314,288,7,7,6>My fiance took me to Barclay Prime to celebrate my 26th birthday. I desperately wanted to go to a steakhouse, but was a little concerned Barclay Prime wouldn't live up to expectations (or its price tag). Don't worry, it did.AMBIANCEThink super swanky Mad Men-era fine dining. Cushy cozy leather seats, marble tables, built-in bookshelves and lots of muted greens, yellows and oranges. Dim lighting and tiny candles. High as heaven ceilings and crystal chandeliers. The Brady Bunch goes to Vegas. FOODComplimentary popovers were the best Pillsbury croissant you ever tasted, served warm with room temp salty butter. Smother that shit. Zack and I loved the tuna tartare appetizer, which was rich and meaty while maintaining lightness with a lemony vinaigrette. Excellent. I had the filet mignon and Zack indulged in 16 ounces (that's a pound, people) of dry aged NY Strip. Medium rare for both of us, the meat was insanely tender. The dry aged steak had a really unique super flavor- I would definitely recommend it. Truffle whipped potatoes and broccoli rabe were our sides, and damn did we choose well. The richness of the potatoes cut through the bitter garlicky goodness of the rabe perfectly. DRINKSWe shared the least expensive bottle of red (Malbec, $48). Very good. SERVICEChoosing our knives was silly, but fun. Pretty handles for everyone! Our server knew it was my birthday and while we passed on dessert because we were already so satisfied, he brought out two caramel truffles with a birthday candle, plus a mini-cake (!!) in a to-go box. Really nice.Barclay Prime is a special occasion place. Get dressed up and enjoy every bite.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,10/4/2013,54,231,5,7,6>One of the more daring and endearing sandwiches found on any fast food menu is "The Kitchen Sink," a burger with every popular topping imaginable. I was a fan of The Kitchen Sink at Ted's Montana Grill when it was open in Philly. Most women will never admit to wanting a big ass burger like that, but I'm no ordinary woman. I'm a 400 pound behemoth trapped inside a 129 pound body. Never did I think The Kitchen Sink would make it into my hands once again... until now. Enter the Hamburgao, a delicious sirloin steak sandwich with smoked ham, sizzling bacon, melted cheddar, fried egg, corn, green onion, lettuce, tomato, potato sticks, and "special mayo" on a Kaiser roll. My mouth waters just thinking about it. That's how much this sandwich has affected me. I barely sipped my beverage while I ate this. That's how juicy it was. The sirloin was seasoned, cooked on a churrasco rotisserie, and prepared medium-rare, just the way I like it. "That looks like a dirty truck," my son commented. "Yes, but some of the best food in the world comes from food trucks like that," I said. He nodded and agreed. When he ate his half of the hamburgao, his eyes lit up. "This is sooo goood!!!" he said. Braz B.Q., you have made my little boy and me real happy. Thank you for your excellent food!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,10/3/2013,89,250,4,6,6>I loved pretty much everything about this tiny (and I do mean tiny) little dive tucked away on the second floor of a converted West Philly rowhome that houses Abyssinia on the first floor. There is room for just a few tables and some seats at the bar, and I am still trying to figure out where the heck they hide away the 120 bottled brews that are available here nightly! (OK, OK, I know they are all tucked away in the fridge, but if you go to this lilliputian watering hole then you will see what I mean.)I only had one beer, but next time, I'd like to try one of their amazing-looking bourbon-based cocktails. Something I really loved about this place was that the bartender asked my friend and I what kind of beers we liked to drink, and then made recommendations based on our tastes. We were both really happy with what we got. I also noticed that our bartender did entirely different types of pours based on the beers we ordered, which is awesome attention to detail. In general, he was really warm and friendly without hovering, and totally laid-back about the fact we were just looking to have one beer and chill a bit.If you are a beer-lover, this is definitely the place to be. One of the top beer lists in the city, hands down!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,10/2/2013,57,202,2,6,7>Cafe Lift is easily a five star establishment.  I've walked by this joint dozens of times on my way to tango, but have honestly never noticed it.  I thought it was a coffee shop more so than a restaurant. The decor is almost industrial like, with cool paintings along the walls.  The restaurant is pretty large as well, which makes sense since rent is probably much cheaper here than in Center City proper.  Service at Cafe Lift was excellent - the waitresses were incredibly helpful, friendly, and happy in general.  Food at Cafe Lift was equally great - we had the eggs florentine (poached eggs with spinach, crab meat, potatoes, truffled hollandaise all served with two slices of Italian bread), sausage frittata (spicy Italian fennel sausage, spinach, and mozzarella cheese), and the cannoli french toast (challah bread, cinnamon vanilla custard, bananas, chocolate, pistachios, ricotta cannoli filling). Each dish was seasoned perfectly, with little room for improvement.  The cannoli french toast is a must try. I'm hungry again just writing this review. I normally would ding a restaurant one star for being cash only, but the food and service here was good enough that I won't this time!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,10/1/2013,194,169,2,10,3>Sweet Lucy's is some solid, solid BBQ.I've been here several times, and will continue to go back, probably forever. If you're looking for fancy, do not come here. SLS a really laid-back place. You walk in and order at the counter, find a table and they call your name to come and get your food. It's BYOB, and they have some TVs in the dining room that are usually tuned to ESPN or whatever sporting event is on. Seriously, what more could you ask for?The brisket, pulled pork and half chicken are my favorite meats. Everything is perfectly smoky with tons of flavor and nothing is ever dry. As far as sides, I don't think you could go wrong with any choice. Some of my favorites are the mac & cheese, collards, sweet potato mash, cole slaw and spinach. Seriously though, everything is good. But don't let me catch you leaving there without the mac & cheese. It's lovely. The cornbread is also some of the best around. You know it's the real deal when you see actual corn kernels in your freakin' cornbread.They also have great sauces. I'm a vinegar girl, but the thicker barbecue sauce is also tasty. Bonus: that one is kept hot so your oink/moo/cluck doesn't get cold when you slather it on- genius! They also have a couple different kinds of pickles and hot sauce. The hot sauce tastes like wing sauce, which I personally wouldn't put on my smoky meaty deliciousness, but to each his own.The prices are extremely reasonable, the service is friendly and there are paper towel rolls at the table. Again, what more could you ever want? This is one of those places that will prompt me to say to a friend, "What do you mean you've NEVER been to Sweet Lucy's??" And then I proceed to use that as an excuse to take them there for "their" benefit. Sure. I'll keep telling myself that...
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/30/2013,102,182,,11,3>What a great idea and an adorable place!I went this past weekend to get an updo for a friend's wedding and I was thrilled with my results. As someone with a huge head of curls, I am always nervous when someone tackles my hair but I was impressed and super happy with my results. They were quick, the price was right and I was well taken care of. I even got a mimosa while the woman did my hair. Love that touch.By the end of my process, I even decided to book the party room upstairs for a friend's bachelorette party. They have a cute private room where you can bring your own food and drink while you get your hair done. Fabulous idea and I know our group will love it. I heard that they've had some troubles with timing but I went first thing in the morning with an appointment and was seen right away. I'll be back!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/29/2013,116,67,,7,6>I am officially obsessed with playing guitar and learning more and more thanks to Swiftlessons! I am the girl who decided 10 years ago, on a whim, that I wanted to learn how to play guitar. I ran out and bought a guitar with an instructional video and proceeded to "practice" for about a week until I gave up. Fast forward to the present. I have had 3 group classes so far with Rob and Tom and I can already play 3 songs! Now, I'm not amazing at it (yet!), but the fact that I can piece together 3 songs in 3 weeks is amazing! Rob gives up all his secrets, is so patient, and genuinely excited when we do well in class. I am having such a great time and am already sad to know that I only have 3 more classes left within this series. One of the coolest things is that Rob gives you his phone number and encourages you to text/call whenever. I have done that on many occasions and he is soooo helpful! He also has a YouTube site where he posts helpful videos for you to use in between class. If you have ever wanted to learn guitar, but havent had the time/patience--come to Swiftlessons. Rob (and Tom) have enough patience to compensate.  Plus, your first individual lesson is free and trust me--you will feel like a rockstar after just that session!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,8/22/2007,113,173,1,2,2>It's Sunday morning in Philly.  You want to go to brunch with friends.  You are wondering where you can go that won't be a long wait.  You may have a party of 3 or more making you scared of Sabrina's, Morning Glory, etc.Today five of us opted for Nodding Head, which opens for brunch at 11am and has jazz after noon.  Everyone liked his or her dish...after we got a basket of free warm muffins! (yummy.)  Regarding the eggs benedict: "some of the best I've had in a while."  Three votes favoring the jambalaya.  I had the omelette du jour, which was bacon and boursin cheese.  It was a bit hard core but boursin is hardcore so what do you expect.  Multiple people who aren't huge on breakfast potatoes liked the breakfast potatoes.I had a vibe that the dishes here are hit and miss, but five of us seemed to hit.  Zero wait, friendly service, free muffins lock it in at four stars.  Also, their beers are supposedly good.  :-).
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,8/21/2007,17,91,,4,4>Good news for wine, beer and cheese lovers...tria is multiplying!  Their second location just opened 3 weeks ago on Washington Square West and it's fabulous!  After a light meal, we stopped by to try Ewephoria with Mango Chutney. Our servers were very helpful and friendly and recommended wines to complement the cheese.  The menu is extensive, ambience is swanky lounge and great for after dinner stops.  We stumbled by it last night on our walk home and we're going back tonight!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/20/2007,59,232,3,5,3>i do believe that i have found a place to occupy the hole in my heart left by spaceboy. i spent a mere 25 minutes here, leaving $100 poorer. they have a great selection of vinyl, reasonably priced. i only flicked idly though the cd bins, but there were some gems in there, too.my only regret is that i didn't discover this place sooner!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/19/2007,370,524,2,5,3>La Locanda II Go is the take-out/delivery version of the La Locanda menu.  The food is really good, and they have pretty fast delivery.A couple of things:  The grilled steak salad is a bunch of cheese steak meat on a salad.  The Cobb Salad is a bunch of lunch meat on a salad.  So it's not what you're expecting.It's also a bit pricey, but still very very yummy
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,8/18/2007,39,133,,3,3>To me, not only is the Foodery great for grabbing my favorites, but it can be a great last minute gift shop! Going out of town for a birthday or anniversary? Stop by the Foodery on your way out, grab a container, and put together a selection of Philadelphia local brews, or if your friend is a world traveler, pick a beer from each continent! A great, inexpensive gift that is social and enjoyable!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2007,8/17/2007,114,391,7,4,2>I'm about to start a group discussion called Philly's Best Wings.If I had done this days ago, I probably would have a nice batch of sauce-covered wingies and chunk blue cheese nestled deep in my stomach. Instead I searched far and Citysearch wide (and yes, I checked Yelp, too) and all I got was Chickie and Pete's (too far) and Rib Ranceh. Come on. Best wings in Philly and Google can't turn up one distinct list? Okay so many people said Tangier and I ventured out for them.The wings were meh...skin wasn't crispy or too flavorful. The sauce was that oily orange sauce that pools around the wings rather than dresses them. And their blue cheese? No chunks - just liquid. Ew.Come on people. Don't make me go to Hooters for wings!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,8/16/2007,127,183,1,2,1>Woooo Sleep Number Beds! Hey, we have Sleep Number Beds! Did you hear we have Sleep Number beds???When you get past the gimmicky quality of the sleep numbers, it's a pretty damn nice hotel. It's just been redone and with the exception of the odd and slightly confusing reception desk, everything looks lovely. The staff were always friendly and helpful.Our room was so big!! We had a room with two double beds and there was plenty of floor space between the feet of the beds and the dresser. Our friends across the hall, also in a room with two doubles, had even more space! A friend in a room with a single king bed was not as fortunate.Drinks at the hotel bar are a little pricey and it was sooooo cold in there! (Holy air conditioning, Batman!) The atmosphere, however, was great. I certainly was not unhappy to unwind after the wedding with friends in the lounge area of the bar.The food at the event was wonderful. And again, I have nothing but wonderful things to say about the staff. Is this a cheap hotel? Goodness no. But it's easy to see why with spacious rooms, comfy beds and a superb staff.I almost forgot! The automated piano had a very interesting play list that included, but was not limited to: The Cheers Theme Song (I was confused but felt right at home), The Rose, Let's Hear it For the Boy, We Could be Heroes and Wind Beneath My Wings.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,8/15/2007,2946,2194,,4,1>I've been here for lunch and took advantage of the buffet (not unlimited, you just get what you want and pay by the pound) - though their deli sandwiches look great too. The curry wasn't too spicy but the other items I bought (Chinese and Thai-esque items) were fresh and tasty. Once a friend and I paid for our food, we went upstairs and sat in the dining room. Wasn't too crowded at the time, not too noisy, and clean. Not overly expensive but not cheap. Unless you make a lot of money, this is a once a week type deal.Prices aside, the total selection at Wegmans is outstanding (especially if you are grocery shopping). I mean, seriously, look at their cheeses! There's typical food mart inventory and then eclectic "ethnic" items which are more difficult to find. The free samples at the food booths don't hurt either.UPDATE: How this write-up became ROTD boggles my mind.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,8/14/2007,250,720,,4,3>Reading Kevin W's review below made me sad because I really liked this place (referring to the cafe, not the market).  I'll pay careful attention to how they treat the employees next time I go.I stopped by for lunch and had a tasty panini with great mixture of flavors that worked well.  The side of orzo that comes with the salads and sandwiches was a very nice touch.  I enjoyed the desserts too, especially the cupcakes.I went again the next morning for breakfast and I LOVED the steel cut oatmeal bar...  I've never seen anything like it before: along with the standard brown sugar and raisins, there were walnuts, cranberries, chocolate chips, and apricots to choose from.  I bought a large bag of granola (crunchy, honey-toasted oats with lots of fruity and nutty goodies) to take home and I almost finished the whole thing on the 2-hour train ride back.I thought the cafe was so well-done, I wanted to own it.  Seriously.  They did a great job with the design, and the business model is ingenious (paninis are all premade but the ingredients are chosen such that they don't wilt in the fridge, and everything perks up after being grilled; providing a side such as orzo instead of potato salad adds a touch of class; the oatmeal bar is cheap and easy to run, but can still generate substantial revenue).Whenever I make my way back to Philly, I'd love to try this place again and chat with the owners, if possible.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,8/13/2007,828,1172,1,10,8>What happens to most of the houses that were designed for 7 annoying people to live in on "MTV's The Real World"? Good question. But at least the Philadelphia house was bought and converted into something pretty fun.Now the freakishly huge house is a freakishly huge 2 story Art Gallery. It has a new exhibit every month that is based on a different theme. all of the artists that contribute are usually exclusive to Philadelphia. F.U.E.L. also goes all out with an Exhibit debut. it has musicians and a DJ on hand for entertainment on most occasions. it also has free beer, wine, and food on most occasions, and the occasional chance to win something. many of the artists are also usually on hand to explain their artwork to you.On most occasions the gallery is open to a free indoor concert that usually features 3 to 4 diverse bands. you can find out the concert schedule on the galleries website.The only flaw to the gallery is the stairway to the second floor. for a gallery so freakishly huge you would expect easy access to the top floor. but it has one very thin stairwell and A LOT of people use it during an exhibition day. so going to the second floor can often be quite discouraging. hopefully they'll improve upon that one major flaw.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,4/12/2010,77,73,9,10,7>Delicious food, great for something different, BYO!!!First off, I'm not vegetarian... but I guess you could say I'm veg-curious.  I haven't really been to many vegetarian restaurants, so I don't have anything to compare to... but Blue Sage was pretty amazing. I highly recommend you make a reservation. We had a reservation for 8 people on a Friday night - and the small dining space was pretty packed.The menu can be a little intimidating at first glance... the descriptions are pretty elaborate and choosing your entree will probably take some time.  I suggest you check out their menu online in advance.   We started with a few appetizers - the nachos were like crack (i could probably drink a bowl of that cheese sauce), the spring rolls and plantains were awesome too.  For dinner I opted for the Poblano - a giant pepper stuffed with eggplant, zuccini, a ton of cheese... paired with some onion rings.  I have to say that the presentation of the large plates were something special - almost too pretty to eat.  Fortunately it tasted just as good as it looked.  I also got to sample the Wild Blue Foccacia, which was also awesome.  Oh, and if you have room for dessert try the Hazelnut Toffee Basket.  As you can probably tell, I left the place very satisfied.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,4/11/2010,279,288,6,7,8>I like burritos. I really, really like burritos. My coworkers also like burritos. We like to have burrito parties at work.You see, we work about two blocks from the Don Memo truck so all we have to do is call and go to pick up our order after a bit. But you know what the problem is? They never have our order ready when we get there. As a matter of fact, the first time we went to pick our shit up we ended up sitting in the cold for nearly an hour. And yes, we did tell them we were there to pick up an order we'd placed over the phone.It's odd to start a four-star review with a rant, right? It's just to show you how much business they're getting though. I mean, it's right by a college campus.And their burritos are damn tasty. Also, they're huge.You know what else? They have Mexican Coke and Fanta. You know what that means? Real sugar. I rest my case.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,4/10/2010,286,176,13,16,13>yelp book club ROCKS!! for one, it's introduced me to some great books (and yelp friends!) that i may not have otherwise been inspired to read on my own. and two, with our ever-changing location, i've had the opportunity to venture in to a couple places off my beaten path.last nite's meet-up to discuss 'a confederacy of dunces' landed our small group in graduate hospital's la va cafe. it's a neighborhood i don't often find myself in, but la va is reason enough to come back. to be fair, all that i sampled on this particular evening was a delicious peppermint latte. tho pricey ($4+), it is on par with the similar beverage at starbucks, only this one was served in a real mug (to-go cups are, of course, also available) with the added bonus of a lovely leaf design in the foam. little touches like that make me smile.some other book clubbers nibbled on tasty looking brownies and danishes, but i was, pathetically, so busy trying to finish up the last 20 pages that food wasn't exactly my priority. when i come back, i might just have to get myself a bowl of soup, which, according to their menu, varies daily but is ALWAYS VEGETARIAN. ooooo-weeee! whoa!the cafe is large (esp for a non-chain), well lit and conducive to most anything one would want to do in such a space. while our chatty book club dominated the couch corner on this winter wednesday nite, la va was boppin - with a menagerie of people (ie, no hipster haven here!) reading, studying, drawing, conversing, eating... this was not a library-esque setting where you felt like silence was golden. those who wanted their peace plugged in their headphones, and the rest of us enjoyed the good tunes playing in the background.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,4/9/2010,350,249,3,11,7>The summation in three words: precision in simplicity.Delicious burgers made some seriously fresh ingredients. Their bread is delivered twice daily. Their combos range from $9 to $12, depending on toppings, sides and drinks.My favorite parts: the dipping sauces for the fries and the "house special sauce" used for the burgers.They have a commitment in making sure a burger is cooked to temperature-perfection, they can be ordered from rare to well-done.In short: nice selection of burger toppings, fries can be had plain or with spicy seasoning or truffle, milkshakes are made with local Bassett's Ice Cream.Wants: veggie burger option, pepper jack cheese, and condiments Sriracha mayo and some kinda straight up hot sauce like Frank's.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,4/7/2010,128,137,4,13,7>Holy smokes, this place is both awesome and slightly strange. From the decor to the food, it's great but there's something just slightly off. First of all, I would like to say that the service was extremely friendly and attentive enough. That was 5 stars all the way.  Also, there are several rooms. There are about 10 seats at the sushi bar when you walk in, a large second room in the back (the main dining room), and a smaller room off of the main room. I would assume that's used for large groups. OK, now to get back to this super and odd thing. My friend and I felt the decor was best summed up in the table decorations. On each table was a glass votive holder with black stones on the bottom and an electric candle that flickered daintily. At once both classic and modern (and slightly tacky yet wonderful) we decided it was very much like Japan itself. But the entire restaurant is like that, classic and modern. They have traditional screens and curtains between rooms that you expect from a Japanese restaurant in America.  They also have walls that have pretty wooden paneling and a warm purple paint. The main room is a very warm (texturally, not temperature wise) room that would fit in any nice restaurant and was not overtly Japanese. The food was also a little strange but wonderful.  The miso soup had a delicate smokey flavor. The duck breast appetizer was amazing! 8 slices of a medium cooked duck breast with a large serving of absolutely delicious mushrooms, beautifully plated with sauces was way more than we expected for the $8.50 price tag. Sadly, the sushi was not what either of us were expecting. The spicy in the spicy tuna was like no other spicy sauce I've ever had in sushi. Instead of the typical flavor it was a peppery flavor like Sriracha. I say that, but I've never actually tried Sriracha, I'm just trying to give an indicator that it was abnormal for sushi. Also, the special rolls appeared to be decently priced, they just weren't the right size for the price. Which means they are actually not a good price. They were too small for the price tag.Kingyo has a liquor license. For $7 I had a very nice glass of a Japanese white wine, a cuvee, to be exact. It was tart and refreshing and great with the meal. Plus, how many Japanese wines have you had in your life? They also have a cute display of attractive bottles of sake, if sake is your thing. Even though I found the place to be slightly odd, I generally loved it. I really would like to go back, I'm just not going to order any sushi. If the duck appetizer is anything to go by, their entrees are where Kingyo really shines. I actually can't wait to go back and order a meal, the duck was that good.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,4/6/2010,58,124,15,21,18>Create your own Mac & Cheese?! Cool!I really liked this idea of Misconduct Tavern's... They offer their Homemade Mac & Cheese with about 15 different ingredients you can choose from to incorporate into your Mac & Cheese. I went with tomatoes, onions, roasted garlic, portobello mushrooms, and chicken. My lunch mate just went with the sausage.Wow, was I sure in for a treat! My dish was absolutely overflowing with yummy goodness. Chunks of mushroom and tender chicken... Nice crispy mozzarella cheese, baked on top... And a homey, light fondue sauce covering a lot elbow pasta. Definitely a very hearty meal.My only complaint is that with the more ingredients you choose, the more inconsistent the cheesy-ness was. My lunch mate's Mac & Cheese, with just the sausage, was a lot cheesier. Mine was somewhat runny, leaving something more to be desired. I think that inconsistency is due to the larger plate of Mac & Cheese you get with the more items you want in it.But would I come back and try their Mac again? Definitely... I might just go with 2 or 3 ingredients, instead of 5, or just try it plain! Oh and their chicken tenders have a very tasty kick to them too (the dipping sauce was awesome).Overall our service was ok and the place was clean. A nice place to grab a bite during the blizzard!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,4/5/2010,121,161,5,7,7>Now, I am somewhat of a hotel whore, because it seems that my job takes me to a different hotel each week. As a makeup artist, I am able to get the inside scoop on most places without staying there. I think I may start a list on hotels. Anyway, this place is AMAZING!!! They did an amazing job with the remodel of this old building. The Art Deco decor is just simply stunning! The elevators are even beautiful. The rooms are clean and gorgeous. I really cannot use enough adjectives to describe just how nice this place is. The service is also great. They have valet parking, a full service bar and food too. Great views of the city to boot! I wanna live here!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,4/4/2010,18,37,5,8,7>Ahhh, close to a perfect. Fishtown needed a coffeeshop like this - there's always good music and conversation happening here. The wise proprietor has combined two of my favorite things - records and caffeine! Loving the fact that I don't have to go down to Rittenhouse square for La Colombe coffee. Loving the fact that there are other people still buying records. Loving the fact that I don't have to apologize for not having a 6 inch neck beard - or the fact that I don't work as a bike messenger - to hang here. Now, if you want to be nitpicky, the stark white walls and bright light make the room feel a little overwhelming, I do wish that it was a tiny bit darker in there.... but I'll keep going. I hear more food will be coming in the near future, looking forward to that too!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,4/3/2010,187,97,2,9,5>This is the pizza you dream of. Crispy crust, perfect tomato sauce, and melty mozzarella cheese. I know I've claimed Mama Angelina's as the best slice in the city but I'll have to take that back. Gianfranco's has the best slice in the city.Me & my friend stopped in after finishing up a nice night at First Friday and when we took our first bites, we both looked at each other in awe.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,4/2/2010,7,35,3,9,6>I had been going to the same fancy salon in Philly for the past five to six years, and finally made the decision to give The Alley a try based on all the positive reviews.  One of the best moves I've made in a long time.  I have long hair and have has a difficult time getting an "edgy" cut.  Jeremiah worked wonders on my hair.  I came out with a totally hip new 'do for the summer and have been getting compliments left and right.  He took over three hours working my hair into the perfect shape and was as friendly as could be.  I personally didn't have to wait long for my appointment, but even if I did it would be okay.   It's worth it.   When it came time to pay up, it turns out my new hot 'do cost me fifty bucks less than a cut and highlights at my old salon, and when I tipped Jeremiah for the cut and Kelly for the wash, they were genuinely appreciative (even seemed surprised, actually). I'm definitely going back and have been telling all my friends (male and female) to check them out.  While Jeremiah gave me my cut and color, I saw Kelly give a few girls really great cuts.  I'd hand my head over to her any day as well.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,2/18/2011,38,56,8,15,12>(My first review of this place was 5/2008 - I gave them 5 stars at the time. Now that it's 4/2010 I want to revise my review and give them 10 stars if I could)Oh Yoko! is Cherry Hill's hidden gem. If you are in the mood for friendly staff, a warm and inviting dining experience and food soooo fresh it'd have you believing they sent someone out to catch your dinner just minutes after you place your order... than this place is for you. Did I mention it is BYOB?? Can it get any better than that? Yes.The sashimi and sushi is literally without a doubt a five star palate retreat. We always find ourselves going there and instead of ordering the rolls we know we like, we actually live outside our bounderies and will ask the friendly staff what they recommend and 5 times out of 5 times they will recommend what is on special. Special meaning soooo fresh it's a sin not to try it because you're missing out! We had sea urchin flown in from japan and received that very morning it was alive and still breathing, OMG it was soooo good. The owners recommended we try it, the staff recommended we try it and I am sooo happy we listened. We also had other recommendations of Sashimi and the filets of raw fish were so fresh and delicately sliced it was as if we were biting into pieces of buttery goodness. Like I said, when we go to Oh Yoko! we never order our usual rolls, we live a little on the wild side and order whatever they recommend and it's worked out for us still 2 years later. If you want to taste what real sushi and sashimi should taste like than this is the place. I grew up in a household with a father who went deepsea fishing every weekend so I know what meat just minutes out of a fish should taste like and Oh Yoko! does a really good job meeting up to that. It's a sin to have anyone try to rate this any lower than 5 stars. They are the friendliest bunch of staff you'll be soooo lucky to have met and I am honored to have been introduced to such wonderful food. I hope they live long and prosper.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2010,2/17/2011,238,39,7,17,7>I only come here for the taro bubble tea. It is really good.They have the BEST bubbles - they're perfectly soft and not overcooked (this can happen in Chinatown sometimes). The taro tastes awesome.Banh mi is not bad here either. But food-wise, it's hard to really pit this place against its next-door neighbor, Nam Phuong. So eat next door, then come by for bubble tea afterwards and grab a banh mi to go for your late night snack.Fatty*updateIf you must eat here, I'd recommend the bo luc lac over white rice. Order a  side of sunny side up egg to compliment the dish. - see attached pic.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,2/16/2011,132,306,2,9,8>We went here with 6 people, and after reading that they offered over 50 tequilas, one of us wondered how many we would be able to polish off.  This kind of set the tone for the evening, but alas, not all of us were up to the task and we only finished 16!  But some of them were amazing.  As you might expect, the Partida and Asombroso flights blew us away (they are the most expensive).We started with a complimentary margarita (they were offering it to Yelpers!  Thank you Kokopelli and thank you Yelp!  YAY!) which was very good.  It was their signature margarita, not some dumbed-down version because it was being offered gratis.  This of course put us all in a VERY good mood.The yucca and plaintain chips were perfectly fried and came with 3 salsas, all were good.  One small complaint is that there weren't that many chips so of course we had to order more.We tried almost every dish on the menu.  All were absolutely perfectly done, most were very flavorful.  Some of the highlights were:  tuna crudo on a tortilla chip, very attractive, different, and tasty.  Garlic chile prawns, crab cakes with lots of crab meat, bison sliders (phenomenal, do not miss these!), and stewed chicken.  Yes, the stewed chicken was a surprise.Some of the items that made me scratch my head a little were the short ribs, the baby back ribs and the scallops.  None had enough of that southwestern feel to them, and the baby backs needed another 3 hours of slow-cook.  Not complaining but these three didn't fit the rest of the menu as well.  They were also a bit heavier than the rest of the menu, which is tapas style.  Also, the oysters were overwhelmed by the salsa.The service was impeccable.  Our waiter knew everything, and was extremely helpful.  Even the owner came by to say hello and make sure we were satisfied.  Overall, this restaurant is a winner, we were all very happy with our experience, and we will be back.  If they tinker with the menu a little and firm up that southwestern theme, I would raise my rating too!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/15/2011,109,163,4,6,7>At last I have found my home away from home. Salon M has proven to be a much better option than Hair Butchery or Sucker Cuts (names have been changed to protect the identities), for when I need a trim and can't make it in to the city for my regular cut. Its a cute little place in an old Victorian house, with a more modern flare inside. I was very intimidated when I got there because I was afraid it'd be one of those uber snooty places, but all the girls were pretty nice, and my stylist Janyra was super welcoming. She listened to me blab about my hair's life story and actually understood it. She cut my hair exactly how I wanted it and for a reasonable price to boot. I left there a happy, unshaggy girl :)
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,2/14/2011,52,69,4,9,5>The first thing you see when you walk into Los Gallos is a few aisles of food, snacks and sauces - at first glance, this seems to be merely a Mexican grocery store. As you walk further into the store, you realize it is certainly more than that; there are a few tables set up for diners, the tantalizing aromas authentic Mexican cuisine, and a counter at the very back where you can place your order. The second thing you notice is that the place is PRISTINE. I have rarely encountered a small proprietorship in Philly, be it restaurant or grocery store, that seemed as clean and bright. All tacos are topped with cheese + raw onions + cilantro and served with a spicy creamy green sauce and a spicier red sauce with more heat.I ordered the chorizo, grilled chicken, and spicy pork with pineapple tacos. The chorizo was surprisingly spicy, and definitely had the strongest flavor of the three tacos. Of the three, I think my favorite was the spicy pork, because of the way the pineapple refreshingly added sweetness and citrusy-ness to complement the heat of the pork belly. It only won by a small margin since the chorizo really was stellar. Anyway, my only criticism of the spicy pork is that I wish the pineapple had been cut up into smaller chunks, rather than one large piece, but still, I'm really nitpicking here.These are definitely my favorite tacos in the city. I wish they had fish tacos, but you can't go wrong with spicy pork belly. Plus, you can really tell that the owner Luis (who is almost always there) really cares about this whole operation. He really makes a big deal about the authenticity, preparation and quality of the ingredients in all the food served here and you can really tell. 10th and Wolf can be a bit of a trek, but it's not difficult to find street parking nearby and you can certainly do take-out otherwise. ps - since it's a grocery store as well, you can buy authentic chorizo, a wide variety of Mexican cheeses and interesting beverages as well.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,2/12/2011,39,253,4,6,4>Cannolis, cakes, cookies, cream puffs oh my...I have recently discovered my sweet tooth. It was always lurking in the shadows but for over 20 years I considered myself a salt over sweet kinda gal. However, I can no longer truthfully say that and Isgro's has for certain contributed to this change.To make matters worse, Isgro's provides quite possibly over 30 different varieties of baked goods. I have tried maybe half of those. The prices seem a bit steep at first but you can easily fill a box of cannolis and cakes and another box of mixed cookies for around $20. The cannolis are great, not the best I've ever had but I come from a town known for its cannoli so that's only fair. The cookies are awesome and for someone who could normally care less about a simple butter cookie, I would give my right arm for one of the butter cookies topped with sprinkles. The chocolate cakes are rich and wonderful. The cream puffs are standard good (although eat them right away because they don't fare well over time). And the raspberry thumbprint cookies are seriously out of this world.Writing this review is just making me want to head down to the Italian Market for another visit. If you're smart, I might see you there!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,2/11/2011,286,176,11,11,12>cupcakes for dinner. a child's fantasy, perhaps. last nite? my reality. lucky me attended an event after work (hence, no time for a "real" meal) where a table of colorful tartes cupcakes beckoned me to try each and every one. that i did not, as there were about 5 or 6 different varieties and my sweet tooth has its limits, but i did enjoy these 3 yummies:first up: red velvet with cream cheese frosting. i went straight for my favorite, and it didn't let me down. the cake was perfectly moist and dense, the frosting rich, creamy and slightly tart the way [i think] it should be.next: vanilla. while this seemingly plain cupcake may oft be overlooked in lieu of fancier flavors, it is anything but boring. once again, a moist, yet light, cake that perfectly complemented the equally subtle vanilla frosting. not gritty, not fluffy....more like whipped cream on 'roids, in a good way.last but not least: strawberry. much like the vanilla, this yellow cake & pink frosting combo evoked subtle hints of strawberry, yet enough to clearly distinguish its berry base and have me licking my lips for more. a perfect end to my tasty tartes trio.bonus: upon leaving the event, i was handed a logofied T-shaped sugar cookie! too full for more sweets last nite...that cookie became breakfast this morning (stop judging me!!) here's hoping sugar cookies are on the regular tartes menu.did i enter the store itself? no. did i pay for any of these treats? no, again. but will i be doing both soon? oh, hells yes!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,2/10/2011,63,317,3,10,7>We went to the first Philadelphia Union game at the newly built soccer specific stadium, PPL park. The stadium is located right on the waterfront next to the Commodore Barry bridge. Getting to the stadium is very easy by car because you don't have to deal with Philly traffic if you're coming from the northern or western suburbs. The main mass transit option is to take the R2 to Chester, and then they have constant free shuttles going back forth from the train station. For those coming by car, the current parking situation is a challenge. A lot of good parking areas are taken up by the onramp construction. The parking near the stadium is all permit, and the pay lots nearby fill up quickly. We just parked on the street a few blocks away for free, with zero problems.The areas around the stadium are not very nice. That being said, I never felt unsafe walking to and from my car. The locals were friendly and most of them were selling water on a 95 degree day.  The stadium is a fantastic configuration, because there is not a bad seat in the house. Every seat has a cupholder, and the seats were comfortable. The food and beer options are pretty good. We opted for Chickie and Pete's, and some Hoegarden pints. Crappy beer (Bud) is $7, and good beer like (Hoegarden, Victory, Stella) is $8. Beer sales stop after the 70th minute of the game. I was shocked how well the place was run considering this was the first event. As a former 76er season ticket holder, I'm use to dealing the absolutely idiotic concession sales people at the Wachovia center. The people at PPL park were quite friendly, and didn't have the attitude that I see at most Philly venues. The game itself was fantastic. Not only was the game extremely exciting, but the atmosphere was great. The Philly supporters section was amped up, and the Union came from behind to win 3-1. Considering 1/2 the sold out crowd already has Union gear on, you would have no idea this was an expansion team having it's first home game at their new stadium.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2011,2/9/2011,46,28,9,9,8>Bowling in New Jersey in the afternoon is great for one's spirit. The entire place is empty except for you and a smattering of extreme elderly.  Nobody will judge you if you were to, say, order the fried Party Combo and a handful of Mike's Hard Lime.  After bowling, take a walk through the Game Room and let the waves of nostalgia roll over you. The place is trapped in amber, each game as old as I am.  Pop a token in the Simpson's arcade game. Pick up a mallet and bop that crazy alligator on his head. Collect your tickets and trade them in for a pocket comb or a Chinese finger trap or one of those sticky hands that feel like boogers.Drive home through Haddonfield. It's Rockwell-esque visage will charm you. When you get back to Philadelphia, you'll be haunted by it all.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,2/8/2011,190,62,4,11,11>I have to admit to being a bit of a Jose Garces groupie--I've been pretty impressed with everything he's done in Philly so far, and Village Whiskey is no exception. A small, often over-crowded space with excessively long waits for tables on weekends, and even weeknights, Village Whiskey is an upscale hole in the wall offering upscale bar food, at upscale prices. The eponymous options on the menu are only a fraction of what makes this spot great (I've only ordered a whiskey once).  To me, the cocktails are what stand out the most. They whip up a good cocktail no matter what you order, but the options on the menu are all outstanding. I always end up going for the Commodore, a variation on an Old Fashioned with a bit of lime and a mezcal rinse, taking the otherwise comforting flavors of an Old Fashioned into a brighter, more citrusy and refreshing direction. The fries. The fries. They're fried in duck fat. Enough said. The burgers, while a little on the pricy side, are juicy and literally melt in your mouth. I really can't say anything bad about the quality of the food or drinks here. The only dings against this place are the prices, which may be a few bucks too high on certain items, and the crowd in such a small space. Village Whiskey is a great place to kick off your night with a killer cocktail, or an unusual whiskey or two, and serves as a great aperitif for a meal at Tinto next door, another of Garces' great spots, and it even holds its own as a full-blown dinner spot. Versatile, tasty, and hip, Village Whiskey is a great place to waste away the day or night.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/29/2014,577,372,5,11,10>Places like this are why I yelp. Without Yelp, I wouldn't have heard of it and so when I found myself near china town and needing a bit of a pick me up I decided that it was time that Audabon and I met. This is a new little bakery (opened march 19th!) and has been growing in popularity since it's opening. Inside you're greeted with a wonderful pillow that tells you you're handsome (or beautiful if that's what you want to hear), and some pretty cool signage with Audabon spelled out in nails. The specialty here is the macaron -- thats MAH-KAH-RON... These little treats come in all sorts of colors and flavors and I believe Audabon has a weekly rotation. It was my first time in, so I will have to go there again next week -- for scientific purposes of course. I got a chance to speak with the owner for a moment. I almost felt bad because she's so busy making these little pieces of sinful heaven. I saw some batter in the back and I saw a tray up front that was getting the fillings put in. Combine that with customers and she's furiously busy with her successful new bakery! Stop in if you get a chance, I'm sure you will enjoy it!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/28/2014,80,481,5,11,8>Officially my favorite buffet in Atlantic City.  Huge selection of food, and most of it was fairly good quality (for a buffet, let's not get ridiculous).  The crab legs were pretty terrific.  They weren't over cooked and they were large and plentiful.  The steak was cooked to order and cooked perfectly.  While it isn't the best cut of meat, you can tell that this is what the guy behind the grill does morning, noon, and night.  I was impressed that they also had hibachi, pasta, and udon all available cooked to order. The pork and duck buns were something that I have never seen at a buffet before, and I would love to see at every buffet.  While the duck wasn't as good as other places I've had, I was simply impressed to see it on the menu.  I was also pretty thrilled that they had chinese broccoli on the menu.The desserts that I tried were the creme brulee, the jelly roll, and the cotton candy.  First of all, I couldn't believe there was cotton candy, that was awesome!  The creme brulee was alright, not great (they need to take them out of the metal cups so that it doesn't have a metallic taste to it).  The jelly roll was a crowd favorite at my table.  The staff was friendly, but watch out for hoards of unfriendly, odd, and sometimes smelly patrons.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,8/27/2014,18,134,1,14,9>A very high quality of medicine is practiced at University of Pennsylvania in both the veterinary and human aspects but you have to remember that it is a teaching hospital. You may be serviced by a student who has never seen a case like your pet's before. Forgive the deer-in-head-lights look and remember that you too were once learning. Remember that they are not the only ones caring for your animal. They are backed by a team of certified nurses and boarded specialists. Not all referral hospitals offer that! The wait. A wait in the ER it typically means they are very busy or are treating an animal that is far more critical than yours. Oh your cat has been itchy for two weeks? That's much less critical then the hit by car with head trauma and a collapsed lung. It can also take time to get an inter-department consult - you will find that at any hospital!The bill. It will be high. Do not walk into the ER with $100 and expect to have all things cured. This is not a free clinic. Quality medicine comes at a very high cost. Get pet insurance in advance to help cover your bills or apply for Care Credit while you wait. Pet ownership is a privilege not a right!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,8/26/2014,339,909,8,10,8>The reviews for The Firkin Tavern are like a blind man touching an elephant. Depending on what you touch you have a different impression. Is it a dive bar?  A sports bar? A college bar? An old man's bar? A beer bar?  A good happy hour bar?  A foodie bar?  The answers are simple. Yes. Any really good hangout bar is all things to all people.  That's what makes them fun and special.  Whoever you are; whatever you do; whatever you want; regardless of time; The Firkin delivers.  It allows you to feel at home, and make it your own.  I've only been here a couple of times, once for lunch and another for happy hour after work, and although the experience of each visit was different, the constant was an upbeat vibe with friendly attractive staff, and drinks, menu and activities that were entertaining, tasty and fairly priced.  Most important - the crowd mixes well together.  Labels are unnecessary and soon forgotten. Just have fun.  The space is surprisingly large, and well placed mirrors make it seem even bigger.  The dark tones make it seem older than it is and adds to the atmospherics.  The bar is big enough for bellyups, and the bar menu is sufficiently diverse to make a few hours on a stool pass quickly.  Decent beer choices for the craft people, and those who are happy with their Buds.  The kitchen turns out interesting plates of nachos, flatbreads, sammys, burgers, soups, salads, and more.  Your tastebuds will be satisfied. I have sampled several of the above while sitting at the bar at happy hour, and been pleasantly surprised.  Cheesesteak Nachos!? Are you kidding me?  Fun comfort food at its best.  Stuffed Chicken Sammy on a fresh roll with a load of mushrooms, cheese and honey mustard sauce - very good.  Burgers; thick and way above average.  Yeah! The Firkin Tavern is a sleeper and a keeper, regardless of what part of the elephant you touch.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/25/2014,150,393,8,11,12>I learned two things today.1) Dalessandro's sells gift certificates.2) I have no willpower to pick up a gift certificate without ordering my own cheesesteak.I ran out over my lunch break and wasn't sure what to expect in terms of crowds however I was easily able to find parking on Wendover Street. Once inside I saw that several of the counter seats were occupied, and there were about 5 people waiting on line to place and pick up their orders. Within a minute or so I was able to place my order. I really just wanted to pick up a gift certificate but figured that when in Rome...So glad I did! I'm no Dalessandro's first-timer but I forgot how good the steaks are. My cheesesteak with American cheese, banana pepper, sweet pepper and raw onion hit the spot! The meat is chopped finely, just the way I like it. The hoagie roll is large and was stuffed to the brim with cheesesteak goodness. Taking my sandwich to go, the whole experience must have taken 10 minutes max. No regrets from this girl on today's lunch. As far as the great cheesesteak debate goes, Dalessandro's definitely is up amongst Philly's finest! I honestly don't eat cheesesteaks enough and have never done a side by side comparision, but they'd make my short list if I had to make a recommendation.Okay, so I learned one more thing. Their beer selection goes well beyond what is listed on their menu. They have an awesome 6 pack selection including Flying Fish Exit 4, Troeggs and Leinenkugel and other craft options. I had to pass on the beer since it was my lunch hour, but I can see many good pairings for the future.Fourth and final lesson of the day- it's cash only, kids. Happy steaking!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/24/2014,112,203,8,9,10>Let's be honest. Nature has an advantage over pretty much all other spots that are reviewable on Yelp, at least for me. This place is gorgeous, vast, and such a welcome reprieve from the city life that is happening just a few miles away.Let me tell you a story about what made me ultimately fall in love with the trail. It was a rainy day in late spring. Though warm and damp, the spot I chose to get on the trail was still busy. There were people playing and swimming in the river, diners at the Inn, and bikers and runners all along Forbidden Drive. My friend told me she was taking me mountain biking and she showed up at my front door and took me and my very very modest (ie crappy) mountain bike to the trails. We were on our way.My friend, mind you, has a fancy-ass mountain bike and many years of experience. This, I discovered, was the first time I'd truly been mountain biking. It turns out, pleasure riding my mountain bike along the Schuylkill River trail doesn't count as mountain biking. Who knew?It was wet, slippery, there were rocks and sharp turns, and steep hills and poison ivy everywhere. I was muddy as hell and happy as could be after this experience. I found a way to escape-all while feeling slightly terrified while doing so. I can't wait to come back here, though next time it will probably be for running or hiking. I need a break from those bike trails.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,8/23/2014,91,432,6,7,6>I think you can probably start sending my mail here. I might move in. Why?!? Because it's the best neighborhood "dive" ever. I use dive in quotes bc unlike most other dives, or really bars, I don't want to shower after I get home for I don't feel gross or sticky or like I just stepped out of an adult frat house. I instead feel like I just had great quality beer for a fair price! Their draft list is great, the service was pretty good, and the jams are all vinyls that they own. The joint is small, but I kinda like that too. Honestly, this is my new favorite south Philly spot. I can't wait to go back and try their snacks!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/22/2014,62,169,8,11,10>As some other reviewers have mentioned, Grubhouse is off the beaten path for many. If you ask me, this only adds to its charm. They shut down the place to host a Yelp UYE for Sunday brunch, which was absolutely awesome of them. Considering the location and the volume of people they were serving with only three staff members, I have no doubt that this makes for a delicious, accessible (see: not waiting an hour to be seated) brunch spot even on weekends. The space is small, but even packed with people it only felt cozy, not cramped. There's a counter as well as the usual table-and-chairs setup, which is nice. I cannot stress enough how awesome the chalkboard walls are. In addition to lively, colorful drawings that make the place feel even more sunny and welcoming, they can print the specials in letters as tall as the average toddler. For those of us with poor vision, this is miraculous and a welcome departure from squinting awkwardly at menus printed in miniscule lettering behind the counter. I had the pancakes, which were sweet and fluffy and filling. Everyone I sat with seemed to really enjoy their meals too, and they smelled delicious (the meals, not the people, although they probably smelled fine too, I really can't remember). I was too full and sugared-out after pancakes to try any of the pastries they had on offer, but they sounded delicious. If you're looking for an inexpensive BYOB with great food for brunch, look no further!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,8/21/2014,20,120,6,7,9>What a fabulous way to splurge! The Kobe Style Course was amazing: the most tender beef cuts! Served with fantastic miso soup (great base), a perfect mushroom packet (tender and really flavorful), sukiyaki bibimbap (a runner-up comfort food to mac'n'cheese!), and who doesn't love s'mores (when was the last time you had s'mores!)? Sauce-wise, I preferred the vinegar-based Ponzu sauce (spicy and house sauces were good, too). A nice addition to the "new" restaurant strip on Callowhill!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/20/2014,996,928,19,13,16>Vice Coffee is glorious in concept. It sounds like a cool kid's dream."One day mom, I'm gonng open a coffee shop."Well that's very nice, dear."And the coffeeshop will also be a book store!"Aw, you're so precious"and it will also have a tattoo parlor"Wait, what?"well mom I just got a motorcycle and electric guitar. I'm moving to Philly weeeeee!"--Their coffee is good. I love how they let you just sit and read anything on the shelf while you imbibe. They have a clever library-esque book sharing program. I didn't utilize the tattoo shop but if I wanted to disqualify myself from a Jewish burial, this is where I'd get it done.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,6/30/2011,25,37,5,8,6>I don't think I could possibly express to the Yelp community just how fantastic Chickie's really is. When I found an apartment at 11th & Federal, I specifically took it just so I could be less than half a block away from this deli. (I'm dead serious.)No frills, no bullshit place with just great, fresh food and sandwiches. Let me repeat.. everything is SO DAMN FRESH and the taste is just off the hook (do kids still say that nowadays??) When you order something over the phone for pickup, or wait for it in person, they address you by your first name and I genuinely think they remember you most of the time. They treat you like family.My picks are the Veggie Hoagie, Prosciutto Special and the Fried Tomato Special (with bacon & turkey, but still just as good without). As the other review said, it's all about the sharp provolone, so I highly recommend it on every sandwich.Support local business and eat here every chance you get.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,6/29/2011,15,14,6,7,8>back to happier thoughtsthis place is like an unexpected sincere smile from a stranger that makes you believe in the general good of humanity a stranger when i walk ingood friends when i leave many delicious foods and libations to nibble and sip while making small talk making goo goo eyesmaking life fun
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,6/28/2011,527,295,6,4,4>Niche produce choicesEvery kind of oil you'll needHoly crap, live frogs!If you're looking for Cap'n Crunch or Honey Oat diet bars or some other major market fare, this probably isn't going to be your bag. If you're in the market for live frogs, fish, 10,000 kinds of noodles or a very very specific kind of spicy topping sold only in (insert country where you vacationed once and had an amazing sauce you've never seen again,) this is your spot.If you're a native English speaker with little to no knowledge of ingredients they don't use at Applebees, you're going to be lost here. Bring a friend, especially if you're trying to navigate noodles or produce. They have a huge selection of both, and most items you've probably never heard before (which would make two of us.) There is a whole aisle taken up with soy sauce, oil and other flavorings. If you're not careful it's easy to get lost trying to pick from among the chili-infused varieties.A word of caution: go to a mainstream grocery store if you want mainstream produce. Things like cucumbers, tomatoes, etc. can be hit or miss here because they're not as common in eastern fare. If you want fresh bok choy or other leafy veggies, this should be the first stop.The real draw here is the seafood. It's all fairly fresh, and some of it is still swimming. Feel free to order as much as you want, it's all fairly inexpensive. Last time here I got three salmon filets fresh off the fish for $10. They have all sorts of random seafood as well, including live frogs, crabs, and sea urchins. It's like Petco without all the cute kittens.There is also a selection of plates, bowls and cookwear to be had in case you're planning a full on dinner party and need just the right serving dishes. Again, it's all fairly inexpensive.The best part is the checkout, where if you bat your eyes nicely and smile a lot, they'll give you a free gift just because. I'm kidding, they give everyone a free gift. Usually crackers or some small pre packaged product.Look, I'll give you Superfresh for your run of the mill produce and everyday items. If you're looking to cook up something special or really need a random ingredient for which you've been scouring store after store, try Hung Vuong.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,6/27/2011,250,550,8,12,10>I first spotted Cipolli Cannoli after a long evening spent at Tom Fischer's Tavern.  Understandably, I believed it to be a drunken mirage; though no pink elephants were in evidence, it seemed too strange and beautiful to be real.  Imagine my surprise when I returned late one Friday afternoon* to discover that, indeed, it exists.  And the cannoli?  Incredible.Upon entry into the extremely cozy storefront--by which I mean it fits two to three customers at any one time, and even then, watch out for the door--you'll find the husband and wife proprietors engaged in what is quite obviously a labor of love.  The time it took to prepare my order was spent observing the somehow comforting interaction between this long-married couple.  The selection of flavors, all ricotta-based, varies by season and whim but on my visit there were five (5) options: traditional, tiramisu, pistachio, double chocolate & limone.  You are given the option of small ($1/each), regular ($2/each) or a kit of the unassembled component parts ($10/dozen) so that they stay fresh.**  As I watched the husband make another customer's order, I was so overwhelmed that I was unable to make a firm decision, so I opted for one small of each flavor.  All of the flavors tasted wonderful but the pistachio and tiramisu were particularly amazing.  I am generally indifferent toward chocolate but the double chocolate also managed to make an impression.  Since I sampled the limone in the store (and felt it was slightly too subtle for my tastes), I saved that and the traditional for my mother.  Initially, she was rather cool toward my gift; after all, my sister's boyfriend is an impressive Italian cook in his own right and has been supplying fresh & delicious cannoli to family gatherings for quite some time. After taking that first bite, however, her demeanor changed completely.  Both cannoli disappeared in short order and a request was made to supply these at Thanksgiving.  (Don't tell my future brother-in-law.)Get to Cipolli Cannoli immediately.  What are you waiting for? Oh, right, its only midweek.  I apologize if I got you all revved up for nothing. It will Friday soon enough...* Hours are Friday 4 pm - 7 pm, Saturday 9 am - 3 pm.** Prior to preparing my order, I was asked in no uncertain terms whether the cannoli would be eaten within two (2) hours.  They will not abide by a cannoli shell which is permitted to get soggy and potentially ruin the experience.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,6/26/2011,27,36,7,17,15>Something happened to me today which really put me in a good mood for the rest of the day. After working out really hard at the gym, I began walking home in the rain. I was terribly thirsty, completely exhausted, and soaked from head to toe. All I really wanted was a large iced tea from my local coffee shop, Caffeination.I got there at about 4:45 and there was a girl outside taking tables inside, and another girl inside cleaning. She tells me the place closes at 4 on Sundays. But then she says, did you want some coffee? I say, actually, I was going to get iced tea. She says, okay, let me go make you some. I'm like, aw, that's really nice of you. Are you sure you don't mind? She says no, not at all.Couple minutes later she comes back and hands me a large iced tea. I was waiting there with money in my hand for her, but she says, oh, its on us.And she was just so incredibly sweet about the whole thing. Like, this girl just got done working a full shift in a coffee shop, and she STILL has this big smile on her face, and this extra friendly attitude?Best iced tea I ever had. Didn't even need sweetener. I'll tell ya. She really restored my faith in humanity.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,6/25/2011,280,224,5,7,7>Yay!!  Sabrinas did not disappoint!I'm so tired of going to 4 and 5 star Yelp reviewed restaurants and end up feeling like they are really only worthy of 2 or 3 stars---yall feel me?Anyhoo, I had always planned to go to Sabrinas for breakfast/brunch, but my friend had a birthday dinner here and I opted for dinner food.The Chicken Marsala was OFF THE CHAIN--yes I'm still using this phrase :-p.  The chicken was perfectly cooked--so tender and moist; the sauce was delicious and plentiful (I hate when there is not enough sauce!); the sweet potato mash was yummy, and the green beens had just the right amount of crunch.  So happy the portions sizes are huge b/c I get to eat this wonderful meal again.  I also want to add that the service was TOP-NOTCH.  The waitress and staff were so nice, patient, and helpful.  I really forgot what excellent service was like until I dined here recently.  Other restaurants should sharpen their pencils and take notes because Sabrinas is definitely raising the bar for excellence.  Can't wait to go back for brunch!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,6/24/2011,88,407,3,11,8>The field in my profile that notes: "Find me in: Manayunk" is completely accurate most of the time: I spend most weekend nights (and a few ill-advised weekday nights) experiencing the panoply of offerings in the 'Yunk. So you can take my word for it when I tell you that The Grape Room is one of the coolest places to hang out in the area. In essence, the Grape is a rock club and bar, similar to what the Khyber used to be. It's a very low-key atmosphere, but boasts a great selection of local craft brews, and a simple but delicious food menu. You can always see awesome musical acts here, playing originals and very few covers (if any). I love that they support local musicians in an era when many venues rely on iPods for their musical ambiance.Also, Scooter, the owner, is one of the nicest people I have ever met. I'm having my 30th bday party in the awesome second floor space, and he's been amazing to work with. He gave me a full tour and was totally flexible about everything we wanted to do with the party. So definitely come out and support local music, local breweries, and an amazing local entrepreneur.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/23/2011,268,273,5,9,9>You must try the smoked chicken salad. Actually, no don't try it; they always run out of the stuff and I'd rather you not take the last container from me! What other grocery store can make you feel good about your purchase? When you're a member, you're a part owner of the place that focuses on local goods and organic foods. The workers here are fantastic and helpful. The store has a nice selection and you really can get most of your groceries in this little store. It can be a much more relaxing venture than going to a big box. Plus, you can get fun stuff like a box of smoked rice crackers or a bag of oatmeal from the loose grains section. You end up spending about half as much by paying for oatmeal by the pound! Plus they recently added a detergent dispenser. I really like that idea because we certainly should be doing anything we can to cut down on our wasteful  product packaging! Aside from the yummy chicken salad, there are plenty of other delicious items available like their "health" salad, a delightful kale salad, white bean salad, and marinated mozzarella balls. I love to put together a healthy meal of salads from here on a Sunday afternoon. Note, there is a parking lot in the back of the store, and you are allowed to park there if you're a shopper! The signs are rather unclear, but it's totally cool to do so.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,6/22/2011,162,175,8,6,10>I have been to Paris (sweet brag, yo), but I don't speak French. I can say 'vin chaud' and know what I'm in store for, though.This place looks like it was taken from Neuilly and placed in my very own American neighborhood. It is precious. The food is incredible.The problem--well, MY problem, is that the menu is in French. Not the descriptions, but the names of the dishes. I barely know how to pronounce these things so I ordered "the banana stuffed brioche french toast" instead of its proper, given name. This is slightly intimidating to a lowly 'merican like myself, but that won't stop me from coming back.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,6/21/2011,331,353,28,38,27>Man there are some serious haters hatin' on Yapple.  The few bad reviews thus far are based on food allergies.  Don't worry, there is an allergist across the street if some nuts get in your kids yogurt. Anyways, now on to my review.  It was May.  It was 95 degrees.  I deserved a cold treat.  I popped over to Yapple to give it a go.  I was pleasantly greeted at the door and there was a girl who helped me with a free sample.  I am a huge fan of froyo and the self serve establishments.  I found Yapple to have a good selection of froyo flavors, though I do love my banana yogurt and they had none. I did try the strawberry, the cheesecake and the cake batter, all full of flavor on their own.  I also found their toppings bar the most extensive I have come across and also properly labeled.  Their fresh fruit was just that...fresh!  No mushy bananas or odd colored strawberries here.  Also, with all my fixins and my three flavors, my total came to less than $4...pretty good for the main line.  I am excited to have a froyo place so close to me now.  I am definitely going back.  Coldstone is dead to me now.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2007,7/10/2007,128,137,,1,3>Today, I got a haircut that only cost 10 bones. Before I went, I read the reviews on here... most of them aren't that encouraging... but I decided to go for two reasons.  First, I'm super cheap.  Second, I haven't been happy with a single haircut I've had pretty much ever.  So I usually cut my own hair... which I'm never happy with either.  And, because I'm never happy with haircuts, I hate to pay a lot of money for them.I went in with low expectations and no plan.  I said, "I'm tired of this soccer-mom cut... I want something more fun that I can hopefully still put in a ponytail". And you know what? That's what I got!  Literally.  This happened.  And at the end, she even pulled back my hair to show me that it would still pull back.Fortunately for me, I was born under one of the stars that has straight, fine hair, so Linda was able to do the standard hipster cut (quickly) and have it work.  But she did it all with a razor (which i wasn't expecting out of the Chop Shop) and did it well.   If you have a lot of hair (or hair that requires a lot of attention), this probably isn't the place for you. It is, however, a great place for men, it would seem.   This was the first time I have been happy with a haircut in years, and it's probably because I went in expecting to hate my $10 haircut.  But you know what? I'm happy as a clam. And for only 10 bucks... it'd be worth it to go back just to have my bangs trimmed between cuttings.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,7/9/2007,103,443,,1,1>Also reviewed as the Keswick Theater.Went here last night, for the first time - saw Richard Thompson & His Band. My brother, who is a real music aficionado, had an extra ticket.First of all, from my perspective, the performance was excellent - in addition to the guitar magic performed by Richard, the drummer was awesome. Most of the show was electric, with two acoustic numbers by Richard.The venue itself is worth the trip. This is an old theatre (been around since 1928) that, in many other towns, would be long gone - replaced by some glass and steel monstrosity or a new strip mall. The whole downtown is picture perfect and the inside of the theatre has been renovated/redone and it looks very nice. Not sure how historically correct it is but the overall effect is very positive.Parking is in short supply so get there a little early to get a spot. There are a few restaurants nearby (we ate at the Keswick Tavern) so you can grab a bite before or after the show. keswicktheatre.comOnly minutes off of the PA Turnpike (the only downside of the trip).
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,7/8/2007,588,1219,2,2,2>If you hate American coffee (especially Starbucks) but shy away from gut-scortching Italian espresso, this place is for you.  If I lived in Philly, this place alone would convert me back to being a coffee drinker.it's kind of like getting hooked on Motrin 800's...  giving them up because you just we're "feeling it" any more...and then having someone walk in and hand you a Percocet 10/350.(I hurt myself a lot.  that was the best analogy I could come up with)
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,7/7/2007,102,0,,4,2>Every time I walked in, I found:great service - usually the store is pretty empty, and Heather is a great help!!solid selection - they're small stores (this location which has mostly shoes, as well as the 'mens store') but there's no crap to wade through.  I wouldn't be disappointed if their inventory became my closet.  From smaller brands to some common ones (Ben Sherman, Lambretta, PHB, etc.) Sparacino has cool items from shoes to ties to watches and cufflinks to grooming accessories to socks (awesome socks, seriously) to everything.  They really do pack a wide range of items in a small store.Next time I'm in Philly, this is probably the only shopping stop I'll make. Cons:   store is slightly dim   prices are reasonable but no great deal   same as the rest of Philly - closes at 8pmFive stars for the best in Philadelphia.  [this would be 4 stars in NYC!]
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2007,7/6/2007,100,447,1,1,>"Love Hurts. Your Bra Shouldn't." This phrase is Touchables' slogan. At least they got one thing right. I walked into Touchables not knowing what to expect, the closest I have been to a bra specialty store is Victoria's Secret. Though Touchables has an intimate setting and a large selection of larger cup sizes, with their outrageous prices ($60 for a bra that was on sale!), I'd say stick to Victoria's... even when its not time for the Semi-Annual, VS's prices are lower and the lingerie is trendier.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,7/5/2007,308,650,2,5,4>this is what i'm talking about.Best philly vegan cheesesteak and tofu scrambles for the breakfast. I've had the chicken salad sandwich that was the closest tasting to the real thing ive ever had. We talked to the owner and she told us they're getting a whole new front with displays and everything. Also shes coming up with some faux salmon and crab recipes which should be interesting. Hopefully by the time we come back to Philly they'll be available!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2006,7/4/2007,90,170,3,6,5>Just to bask in the authenticity of this "ode to joy" in downtown Philly is worth the trip. Luckily I get to visit while also seeing my family. We can make it an all day eating affair that borders gastrointestinal danger and delight. The danger is in visiting , buying and eating food from so many different purveyors the delight is also in visiting, buying and eating food from so many purveyors. Sausage sandwiches , soul food , Rocco's king of hoagies , seafood, beef, chicken, pork all done in in a rather authentic Philly kinda way.  The Terminal market is one of the gems of the culinary world, blows away the ferry plaza in SF(not for gourmet food but for real food) and delivers great family memories. I will never forget the faces that walk by  as I last ate a  sausage sandwich. infact , I will never forget the sausage sandwhich. I heart reading terminal.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2007,7/3/2007,225,185,3,4,3>Well, me and the "Rittenhouse Hardware" go back to my first day living in Philadelphia.  I ran out to this place on my move in day to get a tool to assemble some furniture.This place is really quaint on the inside with stuff sorted all the way to the ceiling.  I have found that the staff is very friendly and helpful, although, I've never asked for real fixer upper questions.The downsides to this place are that they know their location (Rittenhouse) and charge way too much for almost everything in the store.  It kills me to have to pay 2x the price of what I normally would pay at Home Depot or even my hometown local hardware store in Glastonbury, CT.  I remember having to buy a large sponge (among other things) to clean my walls and they were selling one for $7!  This thing goes for $4 tops at any other place (including supermarkets).In addition, they stock a lot of hardware stuffs, but they lack a lot of necessities that people just moving in or that urban dwellers need for their apartments.  I asked why they didn't carry things for the kitchen or bathroom and they said that "they didn't want to be that kind of store".  To me, that's like opening a convenience store in the middle of a desert and saying "we don't carry drinks of any kind."  They are one of the only games in town at this end of Rittenhouse and they force people to go out to Target to get necessities.  What do you think I'm doing in my 1 BDRM apartment?  Building a deck?  (Most likely I'm just trying to hang up a shower curtain).I will say that recently they rearranged their store so the floor space is much better utilized.  If you are looking for HARDWARE and household fix up stuff, this place is clean, friendly, and well stocked.  Regardless of price, I shop here because they normally have just what I need and they're close enough that the price is almost worth it.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2006,7/2/2007,25,110,,4,4>great place to go for shows, but i think that its usually a little too crowded to just go to hang out. (for that i might recommend a place like rex's (see previous review) which is similar in style but far less crowded)there's a couple things in particular that i enjoy about this place. first, they usually have great up and coming or indie bands playing in their really loud, typically packed room. the crowd is a typical scenester / rockstar crowd that's pretty friendly and doesn't mind dancing to the jukebox between sets. second, this place typifies what i think of as a standard philly bar. it has really a really cool dark wood bar, with awesome light fixtures, a big wood thing (wish i knew what it was called) behind the bar, and a great beer selection and range.bottom line, if there's a band playing here that you like definately come for the night. otherwise, just stop by for a beer or two.oh and also, they have a 10$(i think that's right) open bar on sunday nights. definately worth it's while.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,6/30/2007,60,138,,7,4>Barclay Prime is an absolutely fabulous experience no lover of meat should pass up.  This particular Starr restaurant is inside the old Barclay Hotel in Rittenhouse Square, but once you walk in, you will feel like you've entered the most swank, sexy and funky library in the modern world.  Of all the Starr restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining in, Barclay Prime definitely had the most exclusive atmosphere --- with prices on the menu to match.  (I will advise this is not the restaurant you want to visit if you're on a budget for the evening).  The main dining room disguised as a library is dimly lit by several chandeliers and filled with marble tables and luxuriously comfortable modern leather chairs in cream and lime.The service here was excellent --- knowledgeable, pleasant, helpful and I never felt at want for anything while at the same time I also never felt as if I was being hovered over by my waiter, which in my opinion is no mean feat!   The wine menu is certainly broad enough, both in regards to what's available by the glass or by the bottle.  I tried a few different reds by the glass, my personal fave being a Cecci sangiovese. My meal was absolutely stellar, simple as that.  Never one to turn down an opportunity to dig into a tomato & mozzarella salad I found Barclay's version to have more flavor than most, however the mozzarella seemed dryer than I'm used to in this salad.  It didn't ruin the dish, but I noticed it instantly.  This is also my one complaint of the entire evening and its really pretty minor in my opinion.  I do wonder if the dryness of the mozzarella was on purpose, to aid in the way it was presented --- sliced and spiraled around some greens.  In any case, one sip of the lobster bisque made me forget the salad.  Keep in mind I'm not even a huge fan of lobster.  The bisque was incredible rich and creamy and full of flavor.  Seeing the end of the bowl was sad indeed.Now, one of the nifty-keen aspects of this restaurant is that you get to choose your steak knife!  There were four options, two German & two Japanese, all very sleek. Now you know its time for your steaks. I love steak, and had high expectations for Barclay's entrees.  I was not disappointed in the least.  I ordered the Kobe filet, which was outrageously delicious.  I was amazed with each bite I took.  It could not have been cooked more perfectly and melted in my mouth.  The waiter recommended I order it without any sauces or toppings and I am so glad I experienced the taste of the filet for exactly what it was.  My boyfriend ordered a 21-day dry-aged ribeye that was also exceptional (although I by far preferred my Kobe filet).  He had it topped with a generous amount of lump crabmeat, which was very succulent and fresh.  We shared a side of monstrous asparagus stalks with a hollandaise sauce that was pretty close to perfect.  I often find hollandaise to be a little strong tasting for my liking but this was not overpowering at all. Dinner had been very rich and filling but what is a great dining experience if you leave out dessert?  So, on came the warm cheesecake truffles, paired with four different sauces --- various fruit and chocolate.  I was afraid they'd be too rich for my already filled stomach, but not so.  Once again, another perfect dish.  What about Barclay Prime's much talked about $100 Kobe cheesesteak (which, mind you, comes complete with a (small) bottle of Veuve Clicquot)?  Sadly, I did not try it this trip, but my boyfriend and are certainly hoping to return with a couple friends who would be interested in splitting it as an appetizer.  My entire experience here was wonderful and very memorable.  Barclay Prime provided an outstanding dining experience on all fronts.  My only true disappointment was that I hadn't tried the place sooner!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/30/2014,79,145,7,7,6>Crazy Sushi is Crazy good and Crazy delicious. If you haven't picked up on this theme of this review the word Crazy will be used quite a bit. My girlfriend thought so highly of this place she proclaimed it one of the best sushi places in the city... She is normally crazy but she may be onto something with her assessment. The amount of Special rolls on their menu is ridiculous and the apps selection is also pretty big. I remember getting the rock shrimp app, a weird salad sashimi which was surprisingly refreshing and tasty. As for the sushi Awesome we had 3-4 different special rolls which were all very good (Fresh Fish, Fresh rice, unique ingredients and great presentation) all perquisites for good sushi were met. The Craziest thing about this place.. BYOB... Hell yeah when a restaurant is delicious and its BYOB its like having your cake and eating it too.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/29/2014,113,56,1,13,8>Go to Mexican place in the burbs. They have a sister restaurant in the city, La Calaca Feliz. Love this place. Been here over a handful of times and never had a bad meal. They have great happy hour specials and the margaritas are amazing. Def make a reservation starting Thursday it's always packed over the weekend. They have a lively bar area to catch a game or just for drinks. Also, they have tasting menus for an exceptional deal $27 for 4 courses.Order: my faves... Start with the chips and guacamole with the perfect blended salsa also try the crab fundido. Ask for flour tortillas. Entradas: Black bass is a must served with hearty crab and poblano rice, asparagus and corn. Any of the tacos are delicious, I prefer the carnitas and fish. Short rib enchiladas are amazing.Service: the hostesses are very friendly and greets everyone immediately. the waiters are knowledgable and always attentive with the waters. Low or no water is my pet peeve. Overall: a must visit! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,7/28/2014,113,122,1,11,7>I will start by saying this:  I was NOT expecting to like this food as much as I did.  There was an enormous amount of flavor in every dish, despite incredibly simple names and descriptions.First off, the ambiance in High Street is warm, cozy, and rustic.  Rustic is also a great description of their food.My highlight:- Seaweed Bucatini:  Wow.  This was my favorite of the night by far.  The seaweed is pulverized and used in the pasta dough, and that bright, ocean flavor leaps right out at you.  Salty, cured lobster roe is grated on top, and the salty brightness comes together to make you feel like your mouth is at the beach.  Terrific flavor.  Plus this is just *stunning* on the plate: the pasta is black, thanks to the seaweed in the dough, and the lobster roe is this vivid red... it's a really exciting thing to see and to taste.  I've posted a photo as well.Every other dish was a huge success as well.  Tortelloni with asparagus and ramps, the lobster tartine (like an open face lobster roll... on house-made bread), the lamb tartare... every dish sang, and most were presented beautifully as well.  But the bucatini was so vivid I had to give it the starring role in this review. Pro-Tip 1:  The bread course is not included, but we ordered it.  I wouldn't do so again, only because I'd rather have tried another small plate in its place.  The bread was great, but it took up valuable stomach space!Pro-Tip 2:  Three of us shared four small plates, the bread plate, and two pastas, and we were all satisfied with that amount of food.Highly recommended!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/27/2014,73,163,4,8,4>I have been meaning to come here for lunch for a long time and I am SO glad that I had the excuse when a friend came to visit last week. The place is adorable - when you walk in, there is an area with tons of delicious looking baked goods and a coffee bar with well-done chalkboard signs hanging on the wall. They also have a cooler with beers and a cute old fashioned stove on one wall. It's like you walked into someone's kitschy kitchen. The lunch options are in a large refrigerated section, which is a little bit strange. We were there past the prime lunch hour, so the options seemed a little picked over. However, I found a salad that sounded great, with cheddar cheese chunks and some dried fruit and nuts. (You pick your item out of the fridge and then take it to the counter to pay.) At the register, they gave me a giant ceramic Anthropologie bowl to eat it out of, which was probably my favorite part of the experience. I think this place made some sort of deal with Anthro because tons of their decor, etc is from there (I work at Anthro, so it was all familiar). I am not complaining! At the counter, they have a couple more warm food options and my friend opted for the grilled cheese with portobellos, which they warmed up and brought out. We also each got a free cookie with our Yelp check-ins, and it was amazing. Yum!! My lunch total (no drink) was only $11, which is fantastic for a salad and some chips. I was so full I couldn't even finish (although I managed to choke down the cookie somehow...). I can't wait to come back- maybe for dinner next time!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,7/26/2014,88,407,4,7,6>Was very pleasantly surprised by my visit to Flanigan's. For whatever reason, I thought it was going to be a bro-tactular (or perhaps pronounced brah-tacular) scene, but they had a really nice beer selection and some tasty food. We stopped in for a late lunch one day. Their beer selection is very good--I would guess that they had a couple of dozen taps, and there was a pretty extensive bottle selection. The latter likely comes from the bottle shop downstairs (more on this later). For food, we split an order of the thai peanut wings (fantastic) and the nachos (huge). The wings were sizable and nicely cooked. I highly recommend the thai peanut sauce. The Kilimanjaro of nachos they brought out for us was awe-inspiring. They tasted good, too. My only comment is that they runny cheese they use softens the chips and kills the texture. Would also like to see some jalapenos on there. Otherwise, very good. Even if you don't come here to eat and drink, I recommend visiting the bottle shop they have in the basement. It's a very nice selection of some big bottles, and (mostly) six packs that you can mix and match. I'm not crazy about the idea that bottles are individually priced (would prefer what lots of other places do, which is a fixed price for a mix-six), but otherwise it was a good experience. The staff here is very nice, both upstairs and down. Not sure what the scene here is like outside of lunch hours, but we enjoyed it during our visit.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/25/2014,240,202,2,9,8>It's been said that 2014 is the year of the Beer Garden here in Philadelphia. And while some are newcomers to the scene, popping up for the summer or even less, Drury Beer Garden has been around for a while. The folks at Drury know what works, and they've mastered the art of outdoor drinking for the masses. Sure, on a nice night, you may be sharing the space with your friends and about 60 "friends you haven't met yet". You might need to get a little aggressive at the bar, but everyone understands throwing a few 'bows in order to get your day-drink on...Cans, bottles, and draft beers are my preference. I know they have some sangria options, but a few too many episodes of "Bar Rescue" have me wary of boozy beverages that are left in plastic containers all day. Luckily, I found easy distraction from remembering the wise words of Jon Taffer in their gyro, chock-full of juicy meat and fresh vegetables. The pita was soft as a cloud, and I couldn't get enough.Jenga (I mean... jumbling tower, Jenga's questionable little brother) is available at an assortment of tables, and there are retractable umbrellas for when the sun is burning too brightly. The bartenders move quick, so don't let the lines turn you off. The prices are reasonable, the atmosphere can't be beat, and as long as the weather cooperates, I'll be hitting up Drury all season long.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/24/2014,92,160,18,14,7>You know when you're in a relationship and things are going great for like a year but then you hit a rough patch and everything goes to hell? That sad tale is the story of me and my last dry cleaners. Things were going so well; it was an easy relationship, some shirts here, some pants there, maybe a suit or two. Then one day I went to pick up my suit that I needed pressed not cleaned and I find out a pen had exploded on it and I won't have it back for a few more days. Days turn to weeks and the drama snowballed. It's an awful story but that's not why we're here is it?After that ugly breakup I needed a new spot. Yelp guided me to MT&C which was right around the corner from my ex ironically. I'd been hurt before so I went with some reluctance and hesitation. I found a shirt I had worn out during a quasi-barcrawl with my two brothers. I'd pretty much written it off between the wing stain, taco stain, IPA stain, and Scotch spill but I figured I'd take it here and see what they're all about. The very nice lady there looked the shirt over with concern and told me she couldn't guarantee everything but she would give it her best shot. 2 days later the shirt was as good as new! Could this be something more than a random hookup?!Test 2. A few Thursdays ago I get a call for a follow up interview; they want me to come in that Friday. However the suit I really wanted to wear was covered in cat hair and had been worn once already so I needed to get it..... pressed. Friday morning I got there just as they opened and laid the suit out and explained the situation. It wasn't ideal but she said she would make it work. I go back 4 hours later, it's not only pressed, she had found a small stain on the wrist and had cleaned it off! Could you be looooved, the answer is yes.I think the moral here is that even when we've been hurt we must not let our hearts turn cold because you never know who's right around the corner waiting to give you the press you deserved all along.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/23/2014,439,341,9,25,14>Ugh I am beyond obsessed. With a job that typically doesn't allow a lot of vacation time or the means for a tropical getaway, I'm not even mad that this park is my summer comparison because it's really that great. Now of course it would be wonderful to have an ocean breeze verse what's coming off the Delaware, but a quick nap in a hammock with some sweet tunes from the earbuds and you're good to go. Boyfriend and I went to the preview party on Thursday night to scope out the park after dark and it was a great time, a very relaxed atmosphere brightly fun lit park with friends, live music, and cocktails what more could you really want? But wait! Then I went back on Sunday morning around 9am, iced coffee and kindle in hand with no one around but a few other laziers and wow...it was exactly what I was looking for in a weekend morning. Serene, reasonable temperatures and no pesky bugs. The crowd picks up closer to the time that the floating barge docks open around 11am, but it's still a pretty small crowd and getting a hammock or a lounge chair on the hill by the Hyatt was easy peasy. I see myself spending quite a bit of time here picnicking, hammocking, and just plain old frolicking...I highly advise that you do the same.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/22/2014,59,63,5,11,3>It's food truck season and I love my food trucks!!  I live in NJ so people will look at me like I'm crazy when I drive across the bridge for food that comes off a truck.  Food trucks have come a long way and some of the best eats will be from trucks, especially in Philly.Street Food Philly came down to the Navy Yard on this lovely spring day and everything on the menu sounded delicious.  My stomach can only hold so much during lunchtime so I got the black angus beef quesadilla and the truffle parm fries.  Amazing!!  I typically like my fries on the thinner side but they put just the right amount of truflle oil and freshly grated parmesan cheese that I didn't mind the thickness.  The quesadilla was filled with perfectly seasoned ground beef, pico, and cheese.  The meal was quite on the heavy side so I was only able to finish half of my meal.  I'll be heating it up in about 2 hours.I tried picking it up to eat with my hands but it got quite messy.  The filling kept falling out and luckily, I was all alone at my desk that no one saw me shoving my fingers into my mouth to get all of the goodness in there.  I eventually became civilized and grabbed a fork to eat like a normal human being.  Hope they came back so I can try out some of the other creations.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/21/2014,24,92,1,11,1>Pretty good steak place! I'm a fan of cheesesteaks where the steak isn't cut up, and this is the place for that.My boyfriend and I were hoping to get some late night dinner and it was either this, or checkers, so naturally we tried our local cheesesteak place. We ordered a cheesesteak with and american cheese to split, and were pleasantly surprised with good taste and a good sized cheesesteak! The cheese was already pre-melted which may throw some people off, but I enjoyed it. I thought it blended well throughout the steak and didn't sit at the bottom.We were also offered hot, sweet peppers as well as pickles once we received our steak (at some places, this is an extra charge). Over all, great service, good late night food, and you gotta love a classic philly cheesesteak!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,12/21/2012,112,203,6,7,6>Do you ever have that moment at a bar or restaurant when you're like, "OMG Bar I am sooOoO happy you exist!" that happened to me here last night.After a few trips here for libations, I went for date night last night and the experience moved from awesome drinking establishment to a seductive den of mysterious beers, cheese, and ciders. I didn't get to actually HAVE any of those mysterious cheeses (next time, I promise) but all the other stuff was spot on.My man and I being cider fans, I looked at the cider selection and were all like, uh what the hell are these? They have these really unique imported ciders from Spain and France. We took back any claims that we were cider connoisseurs and decided to go for a Spanish bottle that was large format on the recommendation of our very friendly server. It was bitter, spicy, and just so unique. We loved it. The cider list is only like one small section of one of the many pages of the drink menu. The beer list is just as varied and unique and offers stuff from all over the world a lot of which I was unfamiliar with (and I do happen to drink a lot of beer). The cocktails are also excellently executed and will give you a certain buzz that makes the cool Jazz music seem so sexy. The atmosphere and the service at this place are what makes it 5 stars for me. The waiters, managers, and hostess were all lovely, handsomely dressed, and so friendly and helpful regarding every aspect of the menu. The atmosphere is just sexy in all regards. It's dark, there are mason jar candles hanging from the ceiling, there is an old school 3 piece brass band playing, there are TWO bars (one beer and one cocktail), and there is a HUGE long communal table in the back. The little wooden barrel cocktail tables are intimate. It is just perfect. I want to go back to this place every weekend, and take everyone I know here so they will be as happy and in love with the place as I am.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/20/2012,43,162,8,15,12>I got tipped off on this place years ago, and was blown away by the size of their cheesesteak. But for some reason, probably because I lived nowhere close to it, it dropped off my radar.Now, I live a mile away, and my lady friend and I rode bikes to pick up lunch here a few days ago. We'd ordered ahead, and our food was waiting when we got there: a large cheesesteak, a large turkey hoagie and a corned beef on rye, which came to a refreshing $22 and weighed a ton.The cheesesteak was even bigger than I remembered it, and was filled with flavor; if it were halved in size, it would still stand beat the pants off of many other cheesesteaks around here. The turkey hoagie was no smaller and also a scrumptious feast, and my lady's tasty corned beef was about the size of a small accordion. We got all this on Monday, and I'm eating the last of it for dinner tonight, on Thursday. There's just so much of it.A parting note - they don't have bacon. They ALMOST lost a star for not offering bacon. I'm utterly baffled by their lack of bacon. The fact that I'm letting it slide should speak volumes for their food, because let me tell you - I really love bacon.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,12/19/2012,86,47,1,11,6>I usually don't review a place after only one visit so I can provide a more fair assessment; however, that's my rule and I'm comfortable breaking in now and again (and probably start with this same disclaimer). Sotto came in under the radar (at least under my radar) and is in a semi-secret location (all but tucked under the Walnut Street Bridge at 24th), so I feel like I want to give it a little well-deserved attention.My GF and I caught a glimpse of Sotto while traversing aforementioned bridge. Not sure how or we spotted it. I wouldn't be surprised if we're developing a 6th new restaurant sense. We saw that it is a new Italian restaurant and were intrigued. We decided to try it for lunch and were both impressed.We had an appetizer of roasted red peppers (with a nice coating of olive oil, garlic and herbs) and mozzarella and provolone. We followed that with a focaccia covered with tomatoes, mozzarella and prosciutto. Nothing fancy, but nicely prepared.The lunch menu has a variety of pasta dishes, paninis, and pizzas, all reasonably priced.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/18/2012,109,163,,6,3>Having been to the Capital Grille for a Yelp Event not too long ago, I knew that I wanted to dine here but that it would have to be for a special occasion because of the menu prices. So when I was offered a free bottle of wine or champagne at our next dinner as a "thank you" for coming to the event, I knew it would be sooner than later... so we went there for our 1st anniversary this month. When we arrived, our table had a rose on it with a nice note thanking us for spending our special day at Capital Grille. Kinda corny I know, but I'm silly in general so I thought it was cute touch. Our server was really nice and knowledgeable, and didn't make us feel dumb when we asked questions about the steaks on the menu (we're clueless when it comes to cuts). She was very attentive and when she was busy somewhere else, there were other servers refilling our glasses or bringing over our food.From our appetizer to main courses and side dishes, to the dessert we didn't even order but they gave us anyway to take home(!), we had a wonderful time. The food was absolutely delicious (and cooked perfectly to our order) and the wine we were given was excellent. We didn't feel rushed or neglected at any time. I couldn't have asked for a more enjoyable dining experience for our first anniversary.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,12/17/2012,73,221,2,4,5>This is the most old school of the old school diners I've visited recently. You can tell that it's mostly regulars, and I was most definitely the only Asian person there (which is fine - I lived in Maine/New Hampshire - I'm pretty used to it). Had eggs, hash browns, corned beef hash and toast; the boy had banana and caramel french toast made with cinnamon raisin bread and topped with what may have been a full canister of whipped cream (but the boy runs 60 miles a week, so he can order such things with impunity). They brought me a whole carafe of coffee even though I was the only coffee drinker, service was fast, food was everything you want from a diner. Great stuff.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/16/2012,111,109,11,11,11>Whiskey-filled, with equal parts craft and cheap beer and women dancing on platforms, you want your life to be Trestle Inn.Trestle carves their niche as a literally stripped down resurrection of the former J&J Trestle Inn, which did the lord's work by serving such delicacies as the Fat P***y cocktail and posted signs to proffer you need not bring in your weapons. Raw, unadorned walls give the impression Bubbles from The Wire used to hole up here for several heroin-fueled days at a time. Personified, this place is the Black Keys before people like me heard of them. Maybe better yet, Trestle is a mostly recovered meth head. You still wouldn't lend them money.The crack head chic decor is spread across two rooms. In one you'll move to beats that haven't been touched by Diddy, Flo Rida, or anyone interviewed by Ryan Seacrest. In the other you'll sit and drink up the courage to dance with someone on that elusive other side. In both you'll stare at go-go dancers tastefully shaking that ass. Tip 'em if you do.The beer list is strong, but it's strong every where in Philadelphia. Drink whiskey here. If you're not drinking a whiskey sour ($8), that's fine, but you're missing out on the camaraderie. Bucking its role as the wife beater of drinks, there's almost a working class hero feel to the way they do it justice. The acidity is mellowed by the frothy egg white, which lays on top like a blanket of snow on a double wide trailer, making the inherent sour bite more fetish nibble than vampire wound that store-bought mixes lay on you. It's suspiciously refreshing for a whiskey drink. And, because your friend will ask, the bird isn't real.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,12/15/2012,58,214,2,4,5>I had one of those weeks recently when you don't even have time to order Chinese take-out (but you inevitably do because your fridge is empty and you need greasy, savory, preferably fried food to keep you sane). That's when I decided to give Fuzhou House a try.This place is super close, convenient to order from online (place my order just before I leave work and pick it up on the way home), and not half bad in terms of food.  The portions are generous and everything is generally tasty.  I'm quite fond of the egg rolls that come with their combos.  Even their Pad Thai was pretty darn good (why a Chinese place has pad thai is a bit confusing, but in the land of Chinese fast food I guess there are no rules).Prices are decent but not dirt cheap.  The convenience more than makes up for it though.  Just remember, they charge 50 cents for card if you don't order more than $10.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,12/14/2012,439,341,1,9,9>So my car's been leaking coolant slowly over the last few months. First there was the event at 30th Street Station where my car started smoking and smelling all sorts of awful. After a visit to 11th St. Auto no visible leak was found, a cap was replaced, and I was on my way. Fast forward six months, I'm heading over the GWB to NYC and all of a sudden I'm in the same situation only this time I'm embarassingly being shoved over the bridge by port authority and left at 178th St. in Washington Heights. A visit to my hometown auto shop also yielded no new news as they too were unable to find a leak. After two separate shops gave me no reason to sense any immediate danger or possible damage doing to my car, I headed back to Philadelphia praying I would get back without incident. By the time I got back to the city, my car was completely empty of coolant again. There's no reason for why a car should leak fluids at all let alone at the rate that it was happening. Enter Mid City Auto.A few months ago Michelle C. set up the passport to Passyunk event and had an event marked for those that needed a pre-summer checkup for their cars. Unfortunately I was working that morning and unable to attend. Luckily, when my car started acting up, they were the first that popped into my mind and over I went. Within less than half a day there was a diagnosis made (I needed a new radiator) and the parts to make the swap were already on their way to the shop in case I wanted them to make the repair. Yes, yes, and yes. Within 48 hours and for far less than I was quoted from other local autoshops after making the same self-diagnosis, I was back on the road with no problems to date. I really want to hesitate in saying that these guys are too friendly, too fair, and too quick because I don't want to give away neighborhood secrets, but it would be unfair to deny Mid City the business they deserve. Have a problem? Any problem, this is the place to go.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/13/2012,1094,689,4,9,6>Coffee, check.Beer, check.Really? Yep.Not the most common combination of offerings, but you can be sure neither have any trouble selling. After snagging a couple of delicious donuts nearby, I had to check out the highly rated Brew/Ultimo to jump start my day. So, I walked into the corner cafe and ordered a cappuccino with an extra shot of espresso. While waiting for my order, I browsed their numerous wall coolers filled with craft beer. They certainly have a great selection to meet almost any beer snob's appetite. After grabbing my beautiful looking cup of java, I sat at one of the high-top tables overlooking the street and peacefully watched the neighborhood slowly come to life in the morning rain.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/12/2012,141,262,5,10,6>Honeygrow is absolutely going to be a staple of my new life in Philly! Build your own stirfry, seriously, need I say more?Cute atmosphere, friendly staff, and super vegan friendly. I LOVE ordering via touch screen so I can get EXACTLY what I want without asking a million vegan questions. I also love their philosophy of using local ingredients! SO good!I need to try their smoothies and salads, and I promise I will when it's warmer out. But right now, I'm obsessed with creating my own stirfry and eating all the warm foods since it's my first winter living back in the northeast after 11 years in South Florida.YUM!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/17/2013,91,220,5,8,4>When we got here at 8:30pm on a Friday, there was nobody there so I guess we were a bit early for the night crowd but too late for the dinner crowd. They were kind enough to not charge us cover and our waitress was very friendly. FYI they do charge a service fee if you bring something for BYOB. The prices for hookah and food were comparable to the hookah lounges in the city but the quality was just as good, possibly even better. The main difference about Sandman is that its HUGE compared to the Philly hookah lounges. We shared a mango and watermelon hookah which were both very enjoyable. We ordered the pita basket with spinach and artichoke dip, and the personal Greek pizza which were surprisingly tasty. We originally ordered an apple martini hookah and after telling one of the staff that it was fairly weak, he switched it out for us and added coals without charging us extra. They also had cut out water bottles for you to blow hookah bubbles which was silly but fun. There was a DJ that night and they got people to play games with prizes involved. I would definitely bring people here for a fun night out. Its possibly the most fun you can have in Clifton Heights, really.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,9/16/2013,218,736,2,5,5>We went in to this shopping center yesterday to get some lunch and saw the sign for the new California Tortilla, so we headed over for some burritos!  They weren't actually open yet, but were having a special practice event where we got free food and drinks so that the staff could prepare for the grand opening and so that they could get feedback.We were very happy with our meals!  The service was a bit slow - but like I said they were learning and I'm sure that will improve. I'd rather good food be slow than bad food be fast anyway.  My burrito bowl was the "no meato" and had big chunks of fresh peppers and zuchini (among the other ingredients).  The sauce was fresh and tasty as well.  My husband had a chicken burrito of some variety and it was pretty darn good too.  The chicken was fresh and rubbed in some sort of spice mix which made it less boring (cause let's face it ... chicken can be boring).Overall a great lunch and I'm sure it's only going to get better!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/15/2013,851,144,4,10,6>Stopped in after walking the streets of the 2nd Northern Liberties Street Festival. Great outdoor seating and enjoyed the bands while eating with a friend. I only had appetizers but was very pleased with my selections. Had the guacamole and chips which were awesome. I am a NEWBIE to 'guac'... The guacamole was creamy and I could taste the lime and tomatoes. Not sure of all the seasonings in the guacamole but it was soooooooo good.  Can't believe all these years that I told myself I didn't like it. Well now, I want to eat it all the time. Today was no different. The chips had a red lightly spicy seasoning on them which were tasty and the chips were also crispy. I had to stop myself from eating the whole bowl which I believe was for 2 but it was so fresh and "delish"... My second selection was the Mexican corn was sweet and had a distinctive yet delightful taste with the cojita cheese. I am a fan and would order again. I always love grilled corn that has been carefully "de-silked". My teeth were very happy and my tummy as well.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/14/2013,45,159,,6,4>Awesome. Finally got around to checking out Fu Wah since moving to West Philly in June and it lived up to the hype.For less than $10, I got their famous tofu hoagie and a vietnamese char-grilled pork hoagie for my girlfriend and I to split. Both sandwiches were made to order, which gave me a chance to look around the store in the meantime. Prices are definitely reasonable, and for home cooks like us, their selection of ethnic ingredients is perfect for when we need that one ingredient that's not in our pantry (without driving to a larger supermarket further away).As for the sandwiches, they were both delicious and surprisingly different for how similar the ingredients were. The tofu one, while not stuffed (hell, it was less than $5 so I'm not complaining), was exactly what a bahn mei is supposed to taste like. Love all the fresh cilantro they top it with. The pork was a little fatty, but packed with flavor and definitely my favorite between the two. Also enjoyed the crunch from the cucumber they add to the pork sandwich.Will definitely be back!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,9/13/2013,400,308,5,10,7>Out of the ashes of its former super dive bar self, rises Jerry's bar, totally (and thankfully) new and improved (and clean!!!), all ready to go out on the town.  The whole place gives off a very cool vibe.  The interior is a perfect blend of the old and the new, with a gorgeous bar surrounded by subway tile and antique icebox doors, lined with marble counters and tiled floor underneath.  Upstairs houses another bar, (the original, refurbished one) - and a more cozy seating area (perfect for cold winters methinks) - downstairs, huge windows give view onto the corner of the street and lets in all this natural light.I love the atmosphere, slightly upscale without pretension, but still casual without that sports bar feel.  Right now, is when I love it best, when the patrons are very much local and the whole space isn't quite yet packed.  Once the rest of Philadelphia discovers this little gem, I'll be afraid that its calm clientele will be no more.They have a very open outdoor courtyard (waiting for approval) ripe to be enjoyed.  Can't wait for that.Otherwise, service is totally top notch.  Friendly, attentive and knowledgeable - with a staff that's professional but down to earth.  Menu (both bar and food) is varied and interesting and again, upscale enough to differentiate from the rest of the places in my neighborhood.  Food delivers (save for a shirred egg dish that was slightly too liquid-y for my taste) and though I haven't entirely dove through its selections, they look very promising.Also, Jerry's is an awesome brunch destination (rarely a wait) in a neighborhood that is not short on brunch destinations (or long wait times), I almost don't want to tell you!  Perfect add-on to this neighborhood - a place of this caliber was very, very much needed. Hooray!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,9/12/2013,75,154,4,7,6>I died and went to Beiler Heaven. Seriously the BLUEBERRY FRITTERS are out of this world good. I've never felt so strongly about a baked good before. Not too sweet, but sweet enough to be the perfect companion with a cup of coffee in the morning....or a mid afternoon snack. I also found the plain glazed doughnuts to be earth shattering. Try both of these. I promise the line is worth it!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,9/11/2013,361,266,7,12,8>I wanted to hate Maha, because I thought I could only love one yoga studio, and I thought I'd found my studio soul-mate a few blocks away (I'm sorry, [Studio] don't hate me).  But then I had an (m)aha moment, and realized you can love more than one yoga studio. Turns out, I'm the Big Love-r of the Philly yoga scene.Today was the last day of my livingsocial unlimited month at Maha, and I went almost every day for a month.  I was pretty sad today, as I did some downward dogs led by my favorite instructor (Teagan) to the musical stylings of various 80's bands (her music of the week picks are...awesome--90's boy bands was my fave).Great space (it's nice when the instructors tell you to face the gorgeous church instead of face the back wall). Amazing instructors (Favorites include: Andrea, Jake, Jean-Jacques). Owners are awesome too, super nice.The yogahour classes (only $7) are a workout. Don't underestimate their ability to pack arm balances and inversions, and all that other good stuff in a short period.  The hour and a half classes are great too, slower, but more in depth instruction, more one on one time with the instructor to really perfect that crazy thing you've been wanting to try. Don't be intimidated by the advanced class, (you can do it!) and don't lift your nose at the basics class (you'll still get a good workout!). A lot of the instructors start with a word or thought of the day which is great, super unpretentious, just thought-provoking, and maybe a few oms.Bonus points for all the events they have: Whoever came up with "Brewmaha" (yoga +beer tasting), I commend you. Teagan also has a cooking and yoga event coming up cus ya know, she's a Paris-trained chef (normal).Some caveats: their schedule is a bit limited: mostly a 10, 12, 5, 6:15 schedule, with a few others. Also, their longer classes are more anusara based, not flow/vinyasa, so you may not get super power yoga sweaty, but you will build strength.Will be back and highly highly recommend!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,9/10/2013,467,310,7,14,11>Yep... This is a 5 star bakery. If you only ate one item, and that would be the cream donut, you'd still give it 5 stars. The donuts are sliced and filled with this cream that will make you forget that you were supposed to be at work shortly. My advice would be to to get the donuts with granulated sugar... The powdered sugar will wind up all over your clothes, no matter how careful you are. Seriously good cakes that are reasonably priced. A large variety of Danishes and cookies. There's a bread pudding on the display  that looks pretty good. This place is a dieters nightmare. But a necessary stop in the morning. Also, do yourself a favor and park on the street. The 3 car space that's considered a parking lot is an accident just waiting to happen.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/9/2013,98,177,20,25,9>This Vendor is known by a less lovable name by the locals to CC.Here are some rules to follow:DO NOT ask for more than one meal.  You will get railed that he serves good food and if someone wants it, they stand in line.DO NOT ask for substitutions, you get what he gives you.  You can, however, ask for no bread which I do recommend because you don't need it with all the food he is about to give you.DO NOT talk on your cell phone in his line.DO NOT cut in line, even if your friend is holding a spot.DO NOT ask for a menu, you get what he gives you.DO NOT ask what you're paying for, just pay him what he tells you.DO NOT ask him what's in the dish, you will be trolled.DO NOT interrupt his one way conversation, just nod, smile and agree.DO enjoy the delicious food he gives you.If you decide to venture outside this list and get "No soup for you!" don't complain that you weren't warned.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/8/2013,268,273,7,9,5>Danger! Do not venture into the Bryn Mawr Greene Street location if you're just "window shopping" and you don't intend to do any purchasing. Because you will walk out with some stuff, guaranteed. You won't be sorry, but your purse will be lighter.I made just this sort of mistake a few days ago, when I was visiting Bryn Mawr. The place was stacked to the gills with gorgeous clothing in wonderful shape. I picked up a beautiful Odille blouse, a nice Loft t-shirt, a very Joan Holloway va-va-voom jersey dress and another Loft top. Altogether, under $80. These are consignment store prices. You're going to find clothing that is almost new, from good brand names.The women who work here are just the sweetest, too. They are super helpful and nice. There is a good sized men section, but it could use some more items, so I'm hoping the men in Bryn Mawr start donating more stuff because I love to dress up my husband. Great shopping experience overall here.Update 7/23/13: I just have to add that I walked in here yesterday with my husband and absolutely no plan to purchase anything (we're going on vacation soon and I need to save money for vacation shopping!) But then I saw the most beautiful Beth Bowley dress which fit like a glove. New, it would have run $300, here it was $56 and one of the more expensive items but so worth it. Their men's selection is still hurting because the young men of the main line seriously need to start consigning. However, we still managed to pick up the men's J Crew button down on display in the window, in a very now shade of pink, for just 16 bucks. This place rocks!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2007,1/20/2008,113,263,1,6,3>Hungry and not wanting to pose at any of the plentious pretentious places pocketed throughout the popping parking challenged "Two-Street" district, I found a cute virtually empty place to dine.  Dubious about the menu since there seemed to be only one other table on this Tuesday night, I viewed with some hesitation the scope of offerings which seemed to be laced with traces of southern hospitality all through it.  The fact is...if you can put Mississippi style fried pickles on your menu all the way up north here...you best be the genuine article.  To then dare at having chicken and waffles...your way... is again bold and dodgy unless you are pretty certain that you can pull it off without folks being irreverent and those who don't know better being hugely misled.  A FULL PLATE worked it out!!!!!  I found that my new favorite chicken and waffles are right there!!!!!  I honestly have to say that all the items I tried were yummy!  And the portions were generous.Ok...I then had to go to the bathroom, as one does when one has dined appropriately, and was surprised to see that the chalkboard wall theme that was columned in the restaurant was carried on in the loo.   Someone began a story and I added a few lines.  I am hoping that more Yelpers go and add something to this posting.  Of course, choose your time...there is only one bathroom and it would be easy to be locked away in there writing if you wax literate late nights!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,1/19/2008,97,108,3,5,3>McGlinchey's is the type of dive bar you seen in a movie and think to yourself "I really wish I could be there right now". It's dark, smokey, has a big round bar, and an extremely diverse crowd. You walk in and immediately feel like you've been there before, which can either be comforting or played-out depending on your opinion. There are several reasons why I dig this place:1. The beer is super cheap. You can get  a 12oz bottle of Chimay Grande Reserve for $5 (hell yeah :D), and I believe that Miller High Lifes are only like $2. 2. It's one of the only bars, if not the only one, that has given a big "fuck you" to the smoking ban. It's nice for smokers, but it can get a bit intense on the weekends. I've walked out of there with teary eyes from the smoke but hey, i'll take red eyes for the privilege to smoke and drink in the same area.3. THE MS. PACMAN TABLE. Seriously, how much better can it get? My best friends and I love having tournaments while getting shitty. It's the BEST.Now, for the bad. As much as I like this place, I was seriously tempted to give it 3 stars because 90% of the staff is mean, rude, and slow. Seriously, I've never wanted to slap a restaurant employee more than I have there and that's saying a lot because I've worked and grown up in the restaurant industry my whole life. I had an incident there last weekend when I went up to get a round of drinks for my friends and I and this is what happened when I asked the bartender for them:Me - I'd like two Chimay's and a Boddington's pleaseBartender - Are you sitting at the bar?Me - No, we're at the Pacman tableBartender - Then you can wait for the server to take your orderMe - What the hell, are you serious?Bartender - YupMe - You realize you're losing money on this because I would tip you, right? (but he didnt hear this because he was already walking away)Oh, and just in case your curious, it was the tall and old bartender. Avoid him like the plague.Despite that, I keep coming back to the place because it really is just the epitome of what you could ask for in a Dive. Asshole employees and all.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,1/18/2008,225,185,,8,7>When you walk into this place it is like stepping into a time-warp.  Before big box stores, brightly lit boutique shops, and aisle upon aisle filled with identical merchandise stacked twenty deep, there were places like "Avril 50."  But, somehow, this shop survived the great mercantile holocaust that began in 1997 when mass culture began its precipitous destruction of privately own retail businesses.Although, things have certainly not been easy for a magazine shop with the current trend in viewing everything online instead of reading news in print.  I overheard the owner talking about how business was very slow.  He exclaimed to a long-time patron, "No one's reading anymore!"  But, he continues to keep a smile on his face, five pots of coffee hot, and enough reading material to last anyone a lifetime.The walls are chock-a-block with fine cards, magazines, and specialty postcards.  It was actually surprising to see some of the postcards because quite a few were highly political and some were slightly vulgar.  Hallmark would be sued by someone if they carried this stuff!  None the less, very interesting.  I bought a few.The magazine selection is amazing.  Yes, Barnes and Noble/Borders/et al. all carry a large selection, but I guarantee you that they do not carry the same selection of political, artistic theory, independent, and philosophical magazines.  There was stuff lining the walls that I had never seen before.  Definitely check it out.I'm not a smoker, but I will say that there was a wide assortment of foreign and fine tobaccos and cigars.  There were dozens of brightly colored boxes with foreign lettering.  In addition, he sells full-size hookahs and flavored tobaccos to go with them.I'm not a coffee drinker, but there were great smells coming from the five pots of coffee that were sitting on the burners at the front of the shop.  There were also a selection of pastries and desserts.Credit card purchases have a $10 minimum, so either buy enough or bring cash.  I forgot cash and ended up buying a magazine and some cards.I can't say how much longer this place will be around, so make sure you stop in and check it out.  Buy an interesting magazine for yourself or as a gift for a friend.  For more information, the store's email address is avril-fifty@verizon.net.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,1/17/2008,10,26,4,3,3>Dock street just so happens to be at the end of my corner, so when it first opened I thought "OH! WHAT CONVENIENCE!"The only problem is that a beer is $4 plus tip so an average night of drinking would end up costing $20 for beer and then another $10 for a personal pizza. This quickly drove me into the poor house...but for good reason!The beer is great (my favorite was the espresso) and the pizza is some of the best in the city. I would definitely consider this place a must if you frequent west philly. The staff is also super warm and friendly and they'll talk with you for hours.The UPenn kids are still pretty petrified of anything past 45th street so the crowd at Dock Street is definitely well behaved (being mostly residents from 47th to 50th), but sometimes loud.All in all, Dock Street is a great place for food AND drink. Just be prepared to spend more than you normally would on pizza and beer.Oh, most of the beers have a pretty hefty alcohol content too.Ye be warned
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,1/16/2008,352,199,4,4,3>Over dinner on Saturday night, a friend of mine who still lives in Philadelphia looked at me with a deadpan glaze in his eyes and said, "I am SOOOOO over Monk's."But I have the good fortune of having spent one glorious, sticky summer in Philly, many nights of Monk's burgers and beer perfectly preserved in my heart and mind. The wait was never anything short of ridiculous, and to call the hostess rude would be a gross understatement. But once you're seated, prepare to pray at the altar of the Beer Bible.I had my first taste of Lindeman's lambic at Monk's -- framboise, peche, kriek -- as well as a few knock-your-socks-off Belgian beers I've forgotten after this long. (I'll admit I'm more of a wine girl, myself.)And, oh, the burgers. Whether you like the Abbot with soft herbed cheese and sprouts, the Monk's with leek and blue cheese (my personal favorite) or the standard-issue Brussels with cheddar and bacon, you can't go wrong. They're served perfectly cooked on a fresh bun dusted with flour, and you're retarded if you pass on the hot, salty fries with garlic aioli. Retarded -- yeah, I said it.My friend may be over Monk's, but in my mind that means more for me, if I make it back to Philly anytime soon.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,1/15/2008,19,57,,5,6>Govindas is totally a "mature vegetarian's Gianna's," but they really need to expand their menu.  Be prepared for a very good meal when you go there, but don't be ready to see many options.  The quality of the food leaves you wishing there was more.*****EDIT******I've decided to update this review and add a fifth star.  Upon further visits, I've concluded that Govinda's selection is alright and I simply wasn't giving all of the menu items a chance.  I had previously ignored soup and chicken tender options, wrongfully assuming that they'd be out of the can in the case of the former and out of a Morning Star box in the case of the latter.  I was wrong.  The soup was homemade and the chicken tenders were amazingly original.  They even came with a halfway decent BBQ sauce.PLUS -- Govinda's keeps relatively late hours on the weekdays, especially for a small, takeout restaurant on South Street.  I can't remember off the top of my head what time it closes, but I'm pretty sure it's around 11pm (I don't want to give an exact time that's wrong and mislead people, so let's just say it's late).Govinda's is a five star pleasure for your health and taste buds; that's a hard take to accomplish.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,1/14/2008,20,63,2,11,5>I went to The Alley after reading Nicole's review, and it was just what I wanted.  I always think I want a punk rock haircut, but when the clippings start to fly, I remember that I have to return to my corporate job on Monday morning and I have to pull the plug on my initial request.  Jeremiah was totally cool with all of this.  He took my shifting vision in stride and gave me a great cut.  His style was intuitive and organic, and he was ready and willing to explain everything he was doing and planning. I highly recommend The Alley to anyone who won't be scared off by the punk rock aesthetic.  Jeremiah can give a boring corporate haircut with the best of 'em (upon request).
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,1/13/2008,41,85,2,10,8>I just paid $12 dollars for a haircut that I could have received at a really expensive salon.  yay!  Understandably, the Jean madeline services are carried out by students, and so it might take longer, or turn out a little strange, depending on the degree of difficulty.The UPenn campus location is the newest and the best.  My haircut came with a few complimentary treatments that, according to my stylist, are supposed to be universal in the JMI practices, yet I never received them the few times I got my hair cut at the Bainbridge street location.  Lesson learned.  Go to the UPenn location and get massages with the haircut.  Plus, you leave the place smelling like herbal harmony.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2007,1/12/2008,84,449,,3,4>great lounge atmosphere - cant speak for the dinner experience, but i enjoyed having some appetizers and a drink in the lounge.  the decor is dark and cozy.  love the lighting and the curtains everywhere.  lots of seating too.  my cousin and i shared 3 plates of the meze appetizers - you can choose from the menu (1, 3, 5, or 7 plates).  we chose the calamari, tzatziki vegetables, and the goat cheese.  all were delicious!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,1/11/2008,22,167,2,9,4>Thank you Yelpers for letting me know about John's in Philly.  If you have yet to have your cheese steak cherry popped, please head straight to John's.  Their sandwiches are HUGE compared to the one I had at Jim's on South Street, and oohhhh soooo delicious!  It made me forget I was eating on an outdoor bench in 40 degree weather.  Also try their famous roast pork sandwich.  Tender cuts of roasted pork seasoned perfectly with their secret family recipe.  I suggest the  large roasted pork sandwich with mild provolone, onion rings and a root beer...heaven on Earth.  The line to this place was out the door when we got there and now I know why.  This place is kinda off the beaten path - having a GPS in the car helped, but we still ended up making a few wrong turns before we found it.  Parking isn't a problem - you can park on the street, or, if that isn't available, there is a shopping center right across the street that has tons of parking.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,12/1/2012,162,210,3,6,4>By far the best grilled cheese I have ever eaten. Phenomenal! Optional pickled tomatoes on said sandwich should be mandatory. They're perfection. Cucumber lemonade, macaroni and cheese, and every soup I've eaten have also been quite delish. The goat cheese sandwich was the only disappointment I've encountered here, and really that's probably just because of my tastes. I did once have a fig and goat cheese sandwich that blew away the current menu offering. Hint hint. I do wish they'd sell little bags of chips to go with the sandwiches. I am a firm believer that ever sandwich should be served with a pickle and chips. Expect to wait a bit for your food because they take their time, but it's worth the wait.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,11/30/2012,82,189,4,7,6>Thank you, Yelp, for existing, for without you I would NEVER have discovered Le Bercail. I found pretty much all the reviews to be in line with my experience:* Flamingly delish - the kind of food you just know involved "a pinch of this, a bunch of that" - probably no measuring, totally with care and love.* A little slow to take my order (but I knew that going in, so I just chilled out.)* I'm not sure if anyone said this but - I thought everyone there was really warm and friendly. Maybe a little distracted, in the way their restaurant is sort of their home and there's a lot of "home" stuff going on. But if you grasp that concept going in, then you will have a great experience.I got the peanut sauce with rice - there are two versions, with meat and veg - I got the meat (which is lamb.) I expected it to be along the lines of Thai/Vietnamese peanut sauce and I was totally wrong -- yes it was rich and complex, but it wasn't "peanuty" at all. It was more like a thick, spicy gumbo/ stew pureed with onion, carrot, garlic, I'm guessing tomato, maybe a little okra and definitely chilis (scotch bonnet or habanero?). With lamb stew meat -- thick bones with fat for flavor and a small amount of lamb meat. It was perfect early-Fall fare and if you're new to this cuisine as I am, I definitely encourage you to check it out.To wash it down I got their homemade ginger juice, pulled from the cooler. Very spicy ginger yet super sweet. It was perfect to cool down the higher-than-normal flames that *leapt* out of my mouth.I should also mention my meal totalled $10. Which is an unbelievable value so I happily left a $3 tip and felt I should have left more.I rarely have reason to go to West Philly but Le Bercail merits the trip back.Cash only.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/29/2012,36,265,11,8,4>I heard of this place from the Internet so checked it out.I had no idea how to get in.  The "head bartender" greeted us after pressing the buzzer at the listed address with no sign and I panicked, said something along the lines of "Are you available for a drink?"  They were.To keep this short this place sells more than a drink.  You can make drinks at home.  Maybe not these drinks, but drinks nonetheless.  What this place really sells is style.  From the dress to the decorations to the stories told with the making of our first drinks this place is just cool.  It takes you somewhere.  Not Philly, not Chinatown, but somewhere you've never been.  Kim Jong-Il's private lounge maybe.  I don't know.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/28/2012,348,199,2,9,2>Hoopers is the real deal for casual, no-frills seafood. I've spent the last couple days oscillating between a 4 or 5 star rating, and I'm settling on 4.5...for now.Having spoken of almost nothing else for the past month, boyfriend finally acquiesced (he knows what's good for him), and off we went. It's not much to look at from the outside, true, but who really cares? It's tiny but cozy inside, and we were the last table seated before a wait lined up.Service from beginning to end was probably the best I've ever had, anywhere. The  hostess, our waitress, even the bus boy were absolutely fantastic. Our server, whose name I've forgotten (I blame my pre-dinner Bloody Mary at Harry's Oyster Bar in AC), was quite busy, but never missed a beat in checking on us in between courses. The young bus boy kept our table clear and boyfriend's water glass full. It's just a really awesome vibe in here--nobody looks miserable or like they'd rather be elsewhere. Boyfriend and I decided to split an entree and order a couple appetizers, since dinners come with two sides and a choice of soup or salad. There was an appetizer special of buffalo calamari that sounded too good to pass up, and I was craving oysters on the half shell. For our entree, we (I) decided on the broiled seafood combination: stuffed flounder, baby lobster tail, scallops, shrimp, clam casino and oyster rockefellar. For sides we chose the tomato salad and mac and cheese...and of course we had to try the New England Clam Chowder for our soup. The Clam Chowder came out first. It was a wonderful consistency, comfortingly warm and tasty, but didn't blow me away. This can most likely be attributed to the fact that I made a BANGING homemade clam chowder last week, and I have to say mine is better than Hoopers'. My oysters on the half shell were huge and deliciously briny. I was pleasantly surprised at how plump they were, and happily slurped them down. Usually I'm skeptical about anything "buffalo"; I've found it's really just a way to douse less-than-fresh food in hot sauce and butter to make it taste better than it really is. NOT the case with Hoopers' Buffalo Calamari. The calamari rings were a great size (not gargantuan), deliciously tender and fresh, lightly covered with buffalo sauce that actually tasted like BUFFALO SAUCE. Incredible concept! It was served with some kind of dipping sauce but honestly, it wasn't even necessary. The main event is delivered shortly thereafter, and the chef kindly portioned it onto two plates since we were sharing. Through some telepathic connection, our waitress placed the dish with the oyster rockefellar in front of me (boyfriend doesn't get down on oysters) and he got the plate with the clam casino. Every component of the dish was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and super fresh. The standout for me were the scallops. I don't typically like scallops as they tend to get chewier the larger they are. These scallops were on the smaller size, but were so tender and juicy. The stuffed flounder was excellent as well. The mac and cheese and tomato salad were perfect complements. The portions didn't look very big at first, but I eventually ended up throwing in the towel and piling my leftovers onto boyfriend's plate. All told, the bill was just over $50 before tip, which was quite a bit less than I anticipated. Excellent quality, superior service, and undeniable value for just-caught seafood in Brigantine.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,11/27/2012,203,559,5,8,7>Fat Jack's BBQ is awesome. I had the opportunity to try their pulled pork at a Yelp Elite Event last week and decided to order catering from them for an event today. They were professional, easy to work with, and prompt in delivering. The food was fantastic! We had pulled chicken, pulled pork, mac n cheese, collard greens, and cornbread. Everything was just delicious. People raved about the food! The collards have meat in them, which I should have known (but ordered thinking vegetarians could eat them - oops!). We fed about 60 people big plates of food for $530 including tax, delivery, and tip. We will DEFINITELY order from Fat Jack's again!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,11/26/2012,113,122,5,7,6>I have a friend who lives a block from here, and I don't know how he doesn't weigh 5,000 pounds.  Up there with the most wonderful pizzas in Philadelphia, and incredibly affordable.The crust is chewy, the sauce (on top of the cheese so it cooks through) is sweet and salty, but smooth instead of chunky.  The pepperoni didn't quite stand up to the incredibly flavorful sauce, so I'm sticking with my lady's favorite, that delicious sausage pie.Every time I go in I want to try a sandwich, which I see marching past me to other tables looking incredible.  And every time I instead order the pizza.  It's crack and I am an addict.It's also crazy affordable: a medium pie and six wings for around $20.  Incredible.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/25/2012,132,306,2,10,5>Wow, your first impression of Pickled Heron comes from the neighborhood, Fishtown.  Yeah, we had doubts, but once you step inside, wow!  The restaurant has ochre/orangey walls that are very soothing.  Large original paintings hang on the wall.  The kitchen in the back is tiny, gleaming, and completely exposed.  But their are no tables near it, so you don't feel like the chef is top of you.The rest of the decor is warm and nice.  The Pickled Heron is a BYOB, which is always great.  Service was very professional, we tried to get the waitress to laugh at us, and she finally did.  Kudos to her for maintaining professionalism, but finally showing that she was actually human.And now the food.  It is French-inspired and the chef is not afraid of meat, and particularly interesting cuts of it.We had:Foie gras on top of a pumpkiny type of bread (one of their artisanal breads?) with a bit of spice, and a blackberry compote.  Delicious, and quite popular, judging from previous reviews.  Foie gras cooked perfectly.Head cheese croquette, on greens and a sauce that reminded me of tartar sauce, although it was not defined as such.  Very nicely cooked and prepared.  The head cheese did shine through the breading.Charcuterie plate featured a rilette (rabbit I think) merguez sausage, and a pate.  All were outstanding, except I thought the merguez could have been spicier.Main courses included the crispy duck, which was incredible.  Tender duck, and yes crispy on the outside.  Served on a bed of white bean salad, which had the acid component necessary to cut through the richness of the duck.  It was refreshing to eat a duck course WITHOUT the ubiquitous fruit sauces!!Lamb, Moroccan style.  Had one bite, was tender and full of flavor.  Everything here was great, what a find, in an unexpected place!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/24/2012,189,352,5,10,5>Hands up & raise the roof or, for the more traditionally inclined, Hands down best Greeky Restaurant in Philly. We happily carried over our bottle of wine to this BYOB, surprised to see that the place was bumpin' for a Thursday night. All the outside tables were taken so people watching was no longer an option and I had to actually talk to my date. Good thing we had a wonderfully snarky waitress because we came in makin' jokes and she happily joined in. Of course, if you don't like snarky she can dial it back-- but I was happy to see some personality and humor.As Aristotle once said, "You MUST get the Grilled Octopus."* If you never had octopus before, I would say this is the place to flip the coin and be adventurous. It's cooked so Holy Moses well-- not at all rubbery or hard like I've experienced. It's very very (I can't write in italics here so I'm going for the double effect) tender and it's cooked in a delicious sauce. Best best best grilled octopus ever. I know, sounds like I'm making crazy crap up, but I'm not.  We also got the mussels which to my date's delight came de-shelled. He's lazy about his food though. He'd take lobster ravioli over peeling a lobster any day whereas I love all seafood in it's wholeness like the cute cannibal I am. The mussels came in this thick marinara sauce that was just as delicious, although a bit salty. So I just drank a little more wine because I was "thirsty" and I needed an excuse.Main entree was the Avgolemono which is basically lamb shank + artichoke in a lemon egg sauce. I know, sounds like ?! but is actually !!. I think my punctuation needs no more explaining. It would be  (that's Greek for "stupid") for you to not come here. Try a non Friday or Saturday night so you can really enjoy yourselves by bypassing the wait!*Aristotle may have been misquoted in the above review
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,11/23/2012,143,288,8,11,8>So, here's the thing.  I'm kind of a nerd.  And not like the ironic hipster nerds that you see on Passyunk 24/7.  I'm like a legit nerd.  I'm an accountant.  I wear alot of cardigans.  I like my cat more than most people.  I still use 90's slang.So a place like Fringe scares me a little bit.  I felt like when I'd walk in, they would immediately realize that I am not cool enough to be in there.  But that is totally not the case.  They are very welcoming to everyone- even nerds!Things I like about Fringe- super close to my house, open late 3 nights a week, open on the weekends, the friendly housecat Ulli, and most importantly, they give great haircuts at reasonable prices.I went in recently for a cut and highlight with Heather.  I wasn't really sure how I wanted my haircut so she gave me a couple of options and answered all the questions I had about how to maintain those styles.  I also really liked how she did my highlights to blend in with my (over-processed) previously done highlights, but didn't just bleach my hair into submission.  She gave me a nice golden glow- love it!I especially liked how they are very willing and enthusiastic about cutting hair how the client wants it.  I went to another salon on Passyunk where the stylist told me she never cuts people hair short AND then tried to sell me extensions.  I like the way extensions look on people, but they just aren't for me. Sorry.  Fringe is not like that AT ALL.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,11/22/2012,312,582,4,8,4>I wasn't quite sure what to expect from Abyssinia.  I've had Ethiopian food before and it was good, but nothing to rave about.  However, this hidden treasure in West Philly is worth the trip!Why all the complaints about wait times and service?  Visiting on a Saturday evening, and being warned that they "would take forever", my service expectations might have been lowered, but our time from ordering to food arriving on our table was more than reasonable for freshly prepared food.Alright, with that out of the way, I can speak of the delicious eats.  The meat combination is the way to go.  Three different types of meat (beef, lamb, chicken), two veggies, and a small salad all for you to eat without a fork!  Don't worry, the injera serves as an edible fork substitute.  Everything was perfectly spiced, bringing just the right level of flavor and 'heat' to the dish.  And the portions-price ratio make it a steal.  Only $14 to fill me up!In summary, worth the wait (if you happen to experience one), but be mindful that your hands will get dirty =P
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2006,4/17/2007,25,110,3,4,3>nice little bar that's tucked away in the noli's area. no tap just bottles. a really chill crowd plus a nostalgic atmosphere make this place great for drinkin a few cold ones and talk to the cool people in your life.  there's a comfy looking lounge room, a couple pool tables, and my personal favorite... a ms. pacman table top! i don't care how drunken i am, i will destroy at miss pacman. also kudos for the orwelian reference (or so i heard)
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,4/16/2007,61,166,2,5,5>*One cannot think welllove wellsleep wellif one has not dined well*                            -Virginia WoolfOn the perimeter of rittenhouse square lies rouge.  Spending countless hours (about nine in total), I feel that I can write a definite review of rouge.   The lunch crowd is very eclectic with the random rock star, the birthday bash and the beautiful couple engaging in lunch, shots and cell phones (I think he started it).  Macaroni and cheese with lumped elderflower marscapone cheese looked inviting.  The burgers are huge and dripping with succulence.   The menu has approximately six glasses of white/red and I went with a 03 Italian, montepulciano, which was pretty nasty and tasted like sparkling cellar floor -not even corked.  The shiraz was bursting with chocolate and currant notes, light bodied and yummy so I had three glasses to confirm.  ..just to be sure I liked it.The night crowd is more happening and this place seems like the hot spot to be in R Square.  Its nice to spend your day off inside a hip establishment while cherishing the beauty outside sans the chill.  Everybody loves a good bar fight, even here it screamed Philly.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2007,4/15/2007,0,3,9,3,2>Upstairs at Sal's. thursdays and weekends.you: "wow, so many hipsters.. wait, is that a bike punk? a goth kid? a ..non-hipster? weird."me: "yea, what's weird is the disproportionate amount of hot women to hot men (10:1)"you: "oh, awesome, pabst is only $1!"me: "i know. good thing youre not beourgeois-y"you: (on a thursday) "ooh god, do these dj's even know what they're doing?"me: "no, they are really terrible with transitions and only 50% of the songs are good."you: "then why do you come here?"me: "i somehow always have a really fun time, all my friends come here, pabst is a dollar, and i have a false hope that one day i'll meet a hot man here."
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,4/14/2007,41,269,3,2,2>I was a past my prime actor who was attempting to squeeze whatever was left out of my sponge of a career by committing to commercials in Tokyo.  I am trapped in a mediocre stateside marriage and I was feeling lost, both in life and in Tokyo's culture.She was a newlywed who was questioning her decision, and her place in this world.  By exploring Japan, she found herself falling deeper into a state of confusion.Together we  rediscovered what is essential and what it is we are to get out of  this life.  We explored Tokyo's night life as she showed me that that there is still joy to be found.  Engaging in deep conversations I unknowingly helped guide her towards self-actualization.We reconnected once we returned home.  I had not seen her in months and was anxious to see how she was now faring.  We met at Pod, where we could rekindle our Japanese experience both visually and emotionally.  We sat on spongy seats which glowed neon upon contact and drank martinis that matched the light beneath us.  It was painfully obvious that we are now both in different places.  She has found her path to follow and I have learned to look back fondly upon my journey.  She no longer needs my guidance and I no longer need her spontaneity.  We'll always have Pod.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2007,4/13/2007,37,409,3,4,3>Continental earns 3 stars because, despite a creative delicious cocktail selection and above average food, it's noisier than a baby crying on the el.  (I have a buzz in my ears right now, seriously.  When was the last time you brought ear plugs to a restaurant?  Oops, I forgot mine too.) My friends and I could barely hear ourselves speak.  This was not helped by the table of eight 35 year old women clucking to each other for a birthday party (cute but annoying) nor by the two women who were so blasted that Continental should have been fined for serving them more alcohol.  They were literally screaming, and despite us and other tables saying something to the wait staff, they were not asked to "simma don' now!" or even to keep their hair and booty-shaking to themselves.  Did I mention it was Sunday night?  They're not making it in to work tomorrow....However, the food we enjoyed was fantastic--barbecue chicken quesadillas, lobster spring rolls, huge continental salad, tuna sashimi and red pepper and cheese spread on pita.  We all left stuffed and satisfied!  I could have had a pitcher of the "Hawaii 5-O" martinis (vanilla vodka, triple sec and pineapple juice) but then I would have slid under the table and gotten in the way...or I could have joined ranks with drunk and drunker at the next table.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,4/12/2007,0,1,,3,3>I have fond memories of this place back in the early '90s... Guinness pints were 90 cents apiece and at the end of the night, you'd see a multitude of dimes all over the bar..  The best seat in the house (to us) was a tabletop pacman machine that had the worst joystick ever...I was 19 and used someone else's ID (who didn't look the least bit like me) to get in time after time; I believe it's all in the presentation (keep it in the window in your wallet).  One memorable ID moment for me was one night in which I had to pass through two doormen (the other was a friend or in-training?) the first had ok'd me but the second guy kept insisting that the photo didn't resemble me in any way, shape or form... One woman I didn't even know took her drunken initiative and said, "God, yeah, that's totally her! Leave her alone!"  And I got in.I had so many fun times, good philosophical drunken conversations, and would always seem to bump into people that I had met before somewhere someplace. Fergy did indeed work there at that time.  Ah, good times...
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,4/11/2007,43,427,1,7,3>I lived in Amsterdam for a few months back in 2001.  Everday I ate a falafel at Maoz (Leidsestraat).  I really couldn't stay away; it became a sickness, and so I stopped everyday for either lunch or a late night snack.  Returning to the States was a real drag, as I missed A'dam dearly, especially my MAOZ.Fast forward.  South Street 2003-04'ish.  I'm walking down South Street in Philly to go see a band at some bar.  Suddenly, I think I may be hallucinating - where am I - why is there a big green sign that reads MAOZ?  I begin explaining to my friends - "This was my favorite place to eat in Amsterdam.  I literally ate here everyday.  When did this open?  This can't be, there is no Maoz in the States."  To say the least, my friends were not (even a little bit) excited by my story or my finding.  How was the show?  I have no idea.  I couldn't keep Maoz off my mind.  I raced there after the show and ordered my falafel.  So, you're thinking, why only 4 stars?  Well, although it was very good, it just wasn't AS GOOD as I once knew.  A few differences from the Dutch locations, but still really good.No plastic accepted, so bring cash.  If not, there's an ATM across the street.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,4/10/2007,211,309,,11,6>In the vein of rock-and-roll hair salons (twist, Barberella) The Alley with stylist Jeremiah Sisco (previously of Barerbella) has opened up in the East Passyunk section of South Philadelphia. Stylistically, the salon itself is battles out between punk rock and old school South Philly. For some reason this actually works! A lot of the salon equipment has that leftover kitsch while some modifications have been made (the walls are painted bright purple and green and black and white checkered contact paper has been applied judiciously throughout).Jeremiah gave me the best haircut I've had in a long, long time.  I like do's that are funky, adventurous yet feminine and he got it all on the first try.  He also did my brows and I told him he's not only my new hair stylist but my brow stylist as well!  My favorite part about the Alley is that it had the homey family feel of a barber shop (his girlfriend, roomie and dad were hanging out and chatting) but done in a really rock-and-roll sort of way.  It's definitely worth heading down Passyunk for this absolute gem.  Particularly because he only charges $30 for a haircut that for me turned out to be priceless.  He also made my friend Hailey look like a rock and roll princess, so kudos, Jeremiah!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2006,4/9/2007,49,99,1,5,3>if i ever leave philly i will miss rita's. there seriously isnt anything better to cool off from the stank philly heat than rita's water ice. my favorite? mint chocolate chip - its like the ice cream but better. great soft pretzels too.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2007,4/8/2007,87,177,3,2,5>These people have a pretty extensive collection of beers, mostly Belgian, and with the proper glasses. They are a bit expensive, though. But considering you don't come across most of these too often on this side of the Atlantic, I'll let that slide. What I don't let slide is the waiter being obnoxious about us not allowed to sit on the tables. They are reserved for food. Even though we came in at 11:30pm. And all but one table was empty. And the bar was completely full. With people eating.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,2/1/2010,425,275,20,23,18>This is the first time , in recent memory, that im almost speechless about a place.  information overload. Grammar and spelling have become obsolete...the world is pork!  I had heard raves about Sweet Lucys. I dont think ive ever had good BBQ before. This was an excursion (a journey) that I planned to make alone. Since there was interest from others, we decided to make an event out of it. I must admit that I knew nothing of the establishment. As many pointed out, calling this a Burb event was a fallacy.  While its a good 5 miles outside of center city, the area is very much urban.  I guess what separates it from center city haunts, is the fact that it has free and ample parking.  I recently purchased a GPS unit for my car. Its been fun going to places I know and seeing if Garmin takes me the right way. More often than not, it doesnt, so when I had to rely on it to get me to Sweet Lucys, I was worried. It was definitely a white knuckle journey through the North East, but it did get me there...eventually. Honestly, without my little navigator ( who I have dubbed, Chewy) I might not have found it. Its one of those places that you need to know to find. Its tucked in the middle of Mayfairs factory district.The next thing I didnt know about SL, was that it wasnt a sit down -get served restraunt. Its akin to 5 Guys, where you place your order at the counter and pick it up at the take out area. Its your choice whether to eat in (there is a small dining area) or take it home. We were a large group without a reservation ( or did we have one,? ask Tom C about that) and we didnt have trouble getting a table on a Friday night.This review has been a whole lot of preparation and no H.  Lets get to the food.  It was amazing! Definitely worth the trip. Id go as far to say that the sides alone were worth the trip. I got Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Mac and cheese.  They were the best ive ever had outside of homemade. For the entree, I couldnt decide on the Pulled Pork Sandwich (which was highly touted) or the Ribs, so of course I got both. Never in my life have I had pork so good. I saved some ribs ( dont be fooled by the term 1/2 rack..there was more meat than 2 full racks at most restraunts) to share with family members, however the next day, I became as possesive as Gollum with his ring.  Im already planning a return trip and dreaming about the food. Prices were reasonable, considering the quality. Staff was efficient and friendly.  A few observations about the unofficial Yelp event.....   -  Lee M was my guide for the night. He is a Sweet Lucys veteran and was helpful in food choices and history. Thanks!  _ Chad T and wife were awesome. Chad enlightened me that SL is BYOB and brought some delicious beers that enhanced an already great meal.- Ian and wife were cool too, but someone needs to talk to Ian about his "drinking problem" :)- Wouldnt be a Burb event (even when its not a burb event) without Kristin and Jeff. Im glad they left their kitty long enough to come out.- We had some new blood with Jen R and her friend. They brought a fresh perspective and added alot of fun to the event.- While Tom C didnt make it, we were reminded of his presence the whole night by an empty reserved birthday table that he reserved for us . Too bad it was none of our birthdays, Haha!I will be returning to Sweet Lucys. That is a fact. I may even move in.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,1/31/2010,2553,1314,9,16,11>In what seems like months ago, Blake F., Caroline P. and I made plans to dine at Sycamore.  Our wait was finally over on a blustery Wednesday night, when we descended upon Lansdowne.  The restaurant was full but for one table when we arrived around 8:30.  The décor was warm and inviting, with rich fall colors and holiday accents.  Our lovely server, Elle, seated us and promptly brought water, bread and the amuse bouche du jour, a creamy potato soup, to our table.    Although Chef Sam Jacobson is a friend (full disclosure), he assured us on our arrival that everything we ordered would be served exactly as it would to a stranger.  In other words, he wanted us to have the most honest experience possible.  And since we're all being honest here, I can't think of a single thing Sam could have done differently that would have made the meal better than it already was.We started with a cheese plate, which featured four very different cheeses that were well complimented by other items on the board, my favorite being the drunken raisins.  I want to eat cheese and drunken raisins every day!  Next up was a fantastic baby arugula salad and a delightfully crunchy carmelized onion, goat cheese and pancetta phyllo tart, which was served alongside a frisee salad.  For my main, I opted for the boeuf bourguignon (although the fontina stuffed meatloaf could be heard calling my name from the kitchen).  The beef was fork tender and served in a hearty broth over mashed potatoes.  The broth itself had strips of tender carrots and - brace yourself - bacon.  It was fantastic but I had to stop short of finishing in order to save room for dessert.We shared an orange scented flan, a pumpkin cheesecake that had the most wonderful crust and a delicious banoffee tart that Sam claimed the Brits were first responsible for creating.  Many props to our friends across the pond for that one!The check arrived and with it came three house-made cocoa dusted truffles.  It was a beautiful ending to a fabulous meal.  As Caroline mentioned, we were fortunate enough to catch a glimpse of the New Year's Eve prix fixe menu, and it sounded wonderful.  Do not hesitate to give Sycamore a try; it's a suburban gem and it won't be long before resies are hard to come by!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,1/30/2010,46,28,17,11,13>I used to drive down 6 hours from college 7 years ago (!) just to dance at the 700 Club. Julia Factorial, aka the greatest dj ever, would spin Modern Lovers and Wire and Bel Biv Devoe so seemlessly together she must have been magic. The floor was smokey and sweaty and people DANCED. Hard. Like their lives depended on it. They were salad days. I used to think a Wednesday night at 700 would be my make-a-wish.Then, as has been noted, the crowd changed. The unfuns, the gawkers, the jerz invaded. But I went last night and saw a glimmer of its old magic. I say we take it back! Bring me your poor, sweaty, fun, queer huddled masses yearning to breathe free! Bring me your potheads and coke kids and cute art students! Bring me your tired from working too hard but still dances hard to let the stress go! Bring me! Because in 2010 I resolved to live godamn it.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,1/29/2010,250,550,19,11,11>There was a time in my life when every show was like the shows at the First Unitarian Church.  Sometimes its good to pretend that I'm not a decrepit old sellout, that I can still keep up with the kids in that sweaty old basement.  And when I can't, well, I live close enough that I can stop home between sets to massage my aching joints and inhale vapors and various other things the elderly do.  So far I've been to two very cool things here: a screening of Nosferatu with live pipe organ accompaniment (and, seriously, how awesome is that?) and Raekwon (ditto).  The Raekwon show was interesting because I'm not used to seeing that much marijuana being smoked inside of a church.  Even a Unitarian denomination.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,1/28/2010,27,61,6,10,8>I am from Texas. I miss true, greasy, yummy, saucy Mexican food. I miss my enchiladas. I miss spicy things. But, yesterday, I tried Taco Riendo. I have found my official home away from home. It is not exactly like what I am used to, but it is so close I could cry. I tried the enchiladas at a place that claims to be "tex-mex", but what I got was a dry, cheesy mess with a fried egg on top. After that meal, I had given up on thinking I would find an enchilada that was similar to what I used to eat at least once a week in Austin. I have found it, and oh, it is a delight. The enchiladas verde are the only thing I have tried from here. I got them to go, and kind of wish I had stuck around. The place is small and really cute. Oh, back to the food. The chicken is juicy, the cheese is nice. But that sauce, so so good. I have always loved me some verde sauce, and theirs is tangy at first, then you get that burn after a few bites. It is fantastic. I highly reccomend Taco Riendo, and will be back very soon.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/27/2010,65,83,10,16,12>4 Stars for brunch last Saturday morning!  Might be a regular brunch spot for me now.  The prices were more than reasonable, the service was fantastically fast, and the wait staff was uber friendly.My omelette was was cooked to perfection, and very tasty.  I love that they serve tater tots here.  Feels like breakfast at home when you were a kid!This place really makes me feel like a kid again, and I love that.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,1/26/2010,111,149,1,8,8>I've been waiting for weeks for the Philadelphia outpost of Max Brenner to open, and I raced over today as soon as I was done at the office. I think my friend/dining partner was a little wary of the effusive praise I was heaping on this Willy Wonka-esque chocolate emporium, but by the time our meal was over, she was a convert. I started off with a strawberry mojito--hardly chocalatey but perfectly refreshing on a warm summer night. I wanted to skip right to dessert, but ended up ordering the bacon/chicken/cheddar rolls to start. I was unprepared for how ridiculously small they were, but what they lacked in size, they made up for in flavor. I'm definitely a fan. I bypassed my very favorite menu item--the chocolate peanut butter crepe with dulce de leche ice cream, caramel sauce and caramelized bananas--for something new. My brownie sundae extravaganza (not its real name, but something close to it) featured chocolate peanut butter ice cream, dulce de leche ice cream, chocolate pieces, brownie bits, whipped cream and hazelnut crunchies, with little bowls of chocolate sauce and peanut butter sauce on the side. It was fabulous--how could it not be with all that stuff?--but the crepe remains my favorite. The presentation on all the food and drinks is charming, and the service is friendly and attentive. This would be a great date place if not for the howling children that are sure to gather wherever desserts are plentiful (we had a screecher right by us tonight). My advice? Go late, when the wee ones are likely to be home in bed and no one will see your horribly distended belly as you waddle out of the restaurant into the darkness of night.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,1/25/2010,286,176,21,28,23>remember that feeling of anticipation when you were about to head to disney world for the first time? you could barely sleep the nite before...you'd heard everyone else rave about mickey mouse and space mountain...and now you were finally going to experience all the magic and wonder for yourself! yeah, well, that was me as i awaited my virgin visit to blue sage.oftentimes built up expectations work against places. space mountain? nothing but a lame roller coaster in the dark. but not blue sage. after 4 years of people telling me that i MUST try this restaurant, that, as a veg, i would absolutely LOVE it, i can honestly say that my experience most definitely lived up to the hype.for starters, i was in great company with dining companions heather M & tom C. tho they're both eaters of the meat, this was heather's third visit to blue sage in two months and tom exclaimed that the menu read like veggie porn...which it does. with the description of [cue slow, sexy voice here] "fresh blue corn tortilla chips with smokey adobo black beans, roasted corn, grilled julienne red peppers, ovendried cherry tomato halves & creamy roasted onion goat-manchego queso," the adobo goat cheese nachos sure sounded like a must-have app. not surprisingly, they were as delicious as we'd hoped they'd be, and the portion was so large that the 3 of us couldn't even finish it!there were two entree specials being offered - a poblano pepper stuffed with caponata and another one featuring squash blossoms - which tom & heather ordered respectively. i went with a menu item, the cubano supper, featuring [sexy voice again] "flaky plantain pastries stuffed with sunflower seed-smoked red pepper pesto surrounding a tower of yellow tomatoes & avocado corn salsa and served with chipotle jicama slaw & mango-papaya relish." let's just say there was as much color and flavor in this dish as there were adjectives to describe it. dessert items like a chocolate panini and a hazelnut toffee basket sounded tempting, but were quickly forgotten when our server informed us of the nite's special: a pumpkin bread pudding with whiskey caramel sauce and scoop of ice cream. wow! a delicious seasonal treat that i highly recommend whenever available.i knew going in to this meal that there was no tofu or faux meat, just straight up veggies, and i'll admit that i thought i would miss it...but ya know what? i didn't. not. one. bit. all that said, the drive from my office in media, pa to the unassuming southampton strip mall where blue sage resides took me close to an hour. for food this good, i will gladly make that trek again.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,1/23/2010,18,37,11,10,10>There's not much I can add to the consensus already written before my review. Dirty Franks isn't a trick name. The bar is everything a dive should be: the bar is beat up, the ceiling tiles are stained from the smoke of the past 20 years, and some very entertaining (and friendly) patrons are likely missing teeth. Perhaps it's my twisted taste, but if Cheers were a bar in Philly - full of interesting intellectuals and malcontents that you actually wanted to hang with - this would be the place to film it. The specials (kamikaze shot and mini High Life) get you in trouble quick at $2.50....and often lead to me putting Sam Cooke songs on the jukebox, which me and the amazing bartender Sheila have been known to serenade/scream to each other as the night gets colorful.And the place just seems to create legends. I walked in one night and was surprised to see a client of mine 6 beers in at the bar. While I've never hung out with him before, he proudly told me his favorite memory of Dirty Franks - apparently he's the first person they had to take the bathroom doors off the hinges for - 8 or so years ago. He figures he mixed a bit too much of the drugs and booze that night and passed out on the toilet....and had to be broken out. Happy to say that he, and the bathroom survived, and since he's served his ban, he's now free to tell everyone his story. Never a bad time at Dirty Franks. Drunken yes, nutty sometimes, but never bad.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,1/22/2010,58,65,4,8,6>My new neighborhood bar. I'd gladly trade south philly tap room for the devil's den. I'm usually not disappointed with their food. Their brunch is good (my favorite being the crab cake eggs benedict - it's untouchable.) I can't wait to try their steak and eggs. Their sandwiches have always been good, and I usually stay clear of the entrees due to their high price tags. The only time I was extremely disappointed was when I got a salad with deviled eggs on it. The deviled eggs were WAY off, and made the salad almost inedible for me. The worst part of it, it appealed to both my boyfriend and I so we both got it. Talk about ouch. The bar service is wonderful, I've liked most of the bartenders I've met here. I prefer to sit at the bar, but we've gone where we didn't have a choice but to sit at a table. The service was so-so. I hear a lot of complaints from friends about their table service and it's unfortunate that it turns them away from going here. I usually start talking up the bar service so people don't count out this awesome bar altogether.  And for the record, I haven't sat at a table there in months - only the bar - so it could have easily improved. Their beer selection is phonemonal, bottles and drafts. I like getting their flights to sample different beers. Their happy hour is unbeatable - half price drafts will be saving you a ton of money and getting you nice and toasty off great beer for cheap. I believe its the typical 5-7 monday through friday happy hour. They also have a tapas menu of cheap, good finger foods. And the fireplace, how I loved walking over here in that blizzard we had and melting near the fire. I always feel very comfortable at devil's den.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,4/27/2007,160,346,2,4,5>I live in San Francisco and visited my boyfriend's family here in Philadelphia for Thanksgiving.  Holy mighty hell, the vegetarian cheese-steak was the most delightful thing ever to cross my lips!The crowd was sweaty, noisy and rude, but I enjoyed it all.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2007,4/26/2007,225,185,,5,1>Recently I attended a play for the end of the 2006-2007 season at the Wilma.The theater space itself is great!  Modern, acoustically well designed, and visually stunning to look at.  Honestly, no matter where you sit the view is going to be great as the entire theater is stadium seating.  A word of warning if you are going to the show with elderly people or people who are hard of seeing: the stairs all blend together because the steps have no defining edge and the carpet pattern and dim light doesn't help trying to see depth.  (I only say this because I know what it's like to help a grandmother through a theater.)  BUT, they do have listening devices for the hearing impaired.  I know this because the couple sitting next to me was sharing theirs during the performance because the husband only wanted to hear certain parts...About the physical space: You've got yourself as proscenium theater with an adjustable 3/4 thrust stage.  Depending on your show, they may extend the thrust forward more or not use it at all.  The stage itself is level with the first row of seats.  The fly space and surround lighting are exposed to create a very (as some would say) Brechtian feel.  I'll just say things are "exposed" so that you know that your watching a play and not reality.From what I've heard, the plays are top-notch and have some of the best theater in the area.  The play I saw was not exactly my cup of tea and heard some patrons say that it was not the best show of the season.  I'm not going to let my first experience deter me from seeing other shows. (I went back for another show, and was not fully impressed again.  I have downgraded this to three stars for the time being until I see another show.)I'm a "student", so I was able to buy a row G ticket, day of the performance ticket for $10.  Time to dig out your old student ID, otherwise, usher, or get back of the house seats (as I mentioned before, great view from all angles).
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2007,4/25/2007,241,290,10,6,7>SOOO good! How I adore this place. Who doesn't dig CB? Simply the best homestyle meals, prepared from scratch. Very affordable too : )No NYC locations. Stop in on your next road trip. You won't regret. I've actually driven an hour just for a cracker barrel fix!Last visit we ordered:marion blackberry buttermilk pancakes, real maple syruphomemade buttermilk biscuits, sawmill gravyturkey sausage pattieshashbrown casseroleAND the crowning glory....dumplins! oh the dumplins!That's right, carbs got nothin on me! Bring it on! I ordered carbs with a side order of carbs! And I'll do it again. Everything was perfect.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2006,4/24/2007,213,398,1,4,3>great spot! their wrap-around porch is awesome when it's nice out. and their BYOB mojito pitchers are cheap (cause you brought the rum) and delicious! apparently, they don't care if you drink the whole bottle of rum, which we did. my only complaints are slow service and a small menu, and it is a little cramped, but it is definitely one of the better restaurants in the area. i've had the shredded beef and the skirt steak so far and both were amazing. the music and ambiance are both perfect.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,4/23/2007,60,138,,2,3>My boyfriend & I ordered delivery from here last night, so unfortunately I can't review the ambiance/style/cleanliness of the restaurant, only the food (& the delivery, which was fast, the food hadn't seemed to be effected negatively by it).  But don't fret, we will make sure to sit down & eat there in the near future because we felt our food was absolutely delicious!A Malaysian treat for the taste buds, the food was well prepared, fresh & full of flavor.  The simple fried rice was some of the best I think I've ever had & my dish of mango chicken was completely scrumptious.  There was TONS of juicy yummy mango slivers in it, no scrimping at all.Their menu of dishes was quite large as well as broad.  I would be surprised if someone couldn't find anything that they wanted to eat there.If you have taste buds, I highly recommend Banana Leaf!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,4/22/2007,51,62,1,7,11>This place is SOOO good.  Like Dave H. says, the Banh Mi is the BEST in Philly.  But everything is good here.  Their coffee, there soups!  My parents favorite is the vegetarian chow mien, It's just crispy enough without being greasy, and the sauce just satisfies the palate.  With a Vietnamese meal, the most important part of it is their nouc mam, which is the sauce that goes with almost everything.  If the nouc mam is not good, NOTHING they make can possibly be good.  And Cafe Saigon definitely hits the nouc mam on the head. ** if hitting nouc mam on the head is possible **  =)  Look past the crazy neighborhood, and the cheap decorations.  Try this place out folks.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2007,4/21/2007,388,837,2,5,4>I wreaked havoc on my digestive system by eating both Pat's and Geno's within the hour so I could do a side-by-side comparison.Result?  INCONCLUSIVE.Pat's - Pros:- Lots & lots of cheese whiz.- Thick(er), delicious pizza fries.- Better, softer, hoagie.- Cheesesteak add-ons such as mushrooms, peppers, and pizza sauce.Pat's - Cons:- Dirtier.  No pretty tables or clean condiment bar.- Ruder service.  If you don't get the ordering system right, you got to move to the back of the line.Geno's - Pros:- Thicker slices of meat.- Stronger onion flavour.- Clean restaurant decorated in bright orange colours.- Neon-lit environment.  Like the Boardwalk!- Nice service.  They actually wrap and bag your sandwich.  At Pat's, they throw it at you on a piece of wax paper.Geno's - Cons:- Not as much cheese.  Less cheese, less fun!- Thin, McDonald-esqe fries.  Again, less cheese.- Lack of cheesesteak toppings - no mushrooms, peppers, pizza sauce, or anything else.Overall:Better Food: Pat's!Better Experience: Geno's!Other tips:- Only outdoor seating at both places, so be prepared to sacrifice the tips of your fingers to frostbite during the colder months.  Or, alternatively, order to go.- Learn how to order.  First, specify what cheese (cheese whiz - the classic!, American, or provolone) you want.  Second, specify whether or not you want onions. For example, "whiz with" translates into "cheesesteak with cheese whiz with onions".  At Pat's, tack on the toppings you want following your order.- Geno's & Pat's are probably tourist traps.  I definitely believe that there are better places in the city to get your cholesterol fix, but you got to try the classics at least once!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2007,4/20/2007,165,328,3,7,4>I really could care less about Rocky or anything else Sly Stallone has been in. My desire to go to Philly Art Museum was to see art, not to run up those steps and pump my fists up in the air. But to each his/her own. Now, I understand this museum was built during the last quarter of the 1800s, but man, navigating through the halls and rooms of this place is like trying to leave a casino in Vegas. All these twists and turns and dead-ends. And it feels slightly claustrophobic after awhile. Definitely get a map. My other beef with this museum is the presence of security guards. I know they are supposed to be there, but I don't like knowing that they are there. I like museums where I can block out their presence. Not have to walk around them to read the information on the wall or feel like their eyes are on the back of my head the entire time. Personal art appreciation space is essential.Alas, I realize that I am a modern art fan and that spending an afternoon surrounded by Renaissance art and other works by the great European masters really bores me. I'm not trying to dog the amazingly vast collection because I love art, don't get me wrong. But bucolic landscapes and fancy ladies wearing fancy hats really don't speak to me. Those giant tapestries hanging from the second floor walls? Impressive but, eh. Give me Chuck Close, Kiki Smith, Hiroshi Sugimoto, Matthew Barney or even Man Ray and DuChamp. Sure, I spent some time studying all the knight arms and armor because you never get to see that stuff up close, but it wasn't long before I quickly made my way downstairs to the more contemporary works.The featured artist (Feb 27 - May 6) was Thomas Chimes, a American artist who was obsessed with literary figures such as Alfred Jarry and James Joyce. The museum had quite a varied collection of his work but I really didn't feel like I got to know the guy. Interesting but I still don't know why he's so important. I did like the metal boxes series. That's more my style.As for the museum's collection of modern art, it's a great starting point and I shouldn't be so picky since this isn't a place that specializes in modern art. Lovely pieces but nothing I couldn't have seen at SFMOMA.In the end, the museum was nice but I'm not in love. Don't worry, it's not you, it's me. Really.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2006,4/19/2007,10,21,2,3,2>One of the best bars in the city to spend some serious money drinking some serious beers.  One of, if not the best beer selection in the city (besides monks) and great friendly bartenders to boot.  On the weekends this place gets packed like a can of sardines, so i would suggest going early or on a weekday to truly enjoy yourself, but either way this place is defiantly worth going to...often.  If you are someone who drinks domestic shitty beer you probably wouldn't like it here, and thats fine, id prefer you go to a sports bar and drink 24oz miller lite and oggle the beer tub girl anyway as long as you are not taking up my  space in a really great bar like this one.  my only criticism would be the prices of the drinks, but hey, you get what you pay for and believe me when i tell you that this place is worth it.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,4/18/2007,20,42,,6,7>This is the cultural nexus of west philadelphia.  In my opinion.  Every final thursday of the month is an amazing event called The Gathering, which has breakdancing, freestyle rap, hiphop, and graffiti.  During the summer it is huge.  Oh.  And its FREE.  This isn't your sunday afternoon rittenhouse square breakdancing either, this is REAL.  I've been there when two crews left the inside of the Rotunda to go battle out doors, which was awesome.  It's never violent, but it gets intense, with people channeling their emotion into dance and rap.  I don't rap or break (well), so I go to listen to music and watch some amazing breakers, as well as try to get close to the cypher and listen in as a bunch of guys battle rap.  The graffiti artist always has some awesome tag complete by the end of the night.  I've also been at the rotunda to see documentaries, and once to see a silent film with an electronic artist performing the soundtrack live.  Check it out.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,1/18/2014,238,323,4,5,7>I love their "Tom" vegan pizza and it generally ALWAYS wins if we're willing to go the distance, because of Little Baby's next door. Pizza and ice cream is for winners.The place is pretty small, so make sure you only have a small group if you plan to eat in (and you'll likely end up sitting at LB next door), or pick up. The pies are hunormous, so take some home; however, they do offer a "small" of the vegan pie, big enough for two, a blessing for vegans going with a non-vegan group. I've been with some non-vegans, and they like the Wendy (if you think the names are hard to say, I hear the staff saying just the first name, so don't stress it).I probably love Pizza Brain as well because of their unequivocal weirdness -- when we ordered delivery once, it took 8+ minutes because the person on the phone had to read my friend his horoscope. Another time, we got a pizza to go and got an "art box" with some anthropomorphic naked deer people on it. They can get very busy and a little stressed, but that probably hopefully means they're doing very well. Keep at it, Brainiacs!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,1/17/2014,111,109,14,11,6>I don't want to undersell the food, I don't. But the weekend atmosphere is what's most notable at Banana Leaf, and the atmosphere is that of an unsupervised dorm cafeteria on Malaysian night. The shit show now takes reservations. Wines boxed, bottled, and jugged are passed down tables as long as lines outside the Apple store. One table of 40 leaves, another table of 40 tag teams into the space. Craig LaBan's little decibel reader would find it's between a cable news debate show and a hurling SEPTA train. You can come to Banana Leaf with a big table, but you'll only be talking to people in arm's reach.Roti canai ($3.75) is the Malaysian version of India's naan and is the keynote dish. Stretched and spun-slapped almost transparently thin, it's doughboy soft with pockets of crisped skin. It has the shelf life of french fries, though, and needs to be dunked in the curry chicken (bone-in, careful) before it goes lifelessly cold. Order a few of these for the table and hope that your dining companions washed their hands before they fondled off a chunk.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/16/2014,115,197,,10,5>Out the dozen or so restaurants I have eaten in Chinatown, this is one of the restaurants I have become a regular at. The food is excellent and the interior is nicer and more comfortable than most restaurants in Chinatown (though you still have Tru TV on during dinner). Note: check in on yelp for the first time, you get an appetizer order of dumplings which is pretty good.The food is solid. There is nothing that I have had here that has disappointed.RecommendationsSoups: a nice start and complement to any meal. The west lake beef soup and the chicken corn soup are good.Apps:Noodle with minced pork sauce - Stir it up, it is excellent.Hot dumplings - a good dish, but again stir the sauce comes in. The flavorful part settles at the bottom.Entrees:Shredded beef long hot pepper - a very hot and spicy dish with fresh green peppersDry Saute Shredded Beef with celery - moderately spicy dish with the flavor of dried red peppersFish Fillet in Hot Spicy Sauce - white fish over a bed of napa cabbage in a mild-moderately hot sauce.The vegetables dishes are reliable. Try the black mushroom Bok Choy and spicy eggplant dishes, the are on par with any good Chinese restaurant.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/15/2014,31,149,5,12,7>Recently came here on a first date and while the date was overall fantastic, the N Crowd provided a fantastic way to spend some time breaking the ice and laughing together. The venue is small and intimate, which only encourages the required audience participation. The performers themselves were funny, some more than others, but certainly all were more quick witted than I could ever hope to be!  The series of skits made time fly and it was well with the cost of the ticket. I'm really looking forward to coming back someday!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,1/14/2014,314,288,6,8,5>Showed up on Saturday night with a party of 7 and several bags of alcohol at 8pm. Bufad doesn't take reservations, and they told us it would be an hour wait. Not a problem! We shuffled over to Prohibition Taproom for a drink. Came back an hour later and waited some more...darling hostess Nicole brought us wine glasses and beers from the back room where they were holding our booze, and we drank away the next HOUR on the corner of 13th and Spring Garden. Whiffs of sewage were constant. Such a shame. Glad we didn't get seated outside (but if you have a party larger than 6, you most likely will be).We sat down inside and ordered 6 pizzas and 2 orders of mussels. Sadly they were out of mussels, and offered us two small plates on the house. We chose the burrata and caprese salad. The burrata is a must. Doesn't this just make your mouth water? "Creamy mozzarella served with summer squash, garlic, mint, and anchovies. Finished with Clara's pangrattato and chili oil." Gawd.Margherita- standard, classic. Peperonata- the pepperoni had an especially gamey/meaty taste. I was not a fan. Rapini- not a sausage eater, but others raved about the crumbled spicy bits. Zucchini- best pizza of the evening. A+Melanzane- not as flavorful as you might expect, sadly. Pannocchia- super unique with corn, shiitakes, scallions and truffles. Desserts were shared- a Saffron rice pudding that half the table loved and the other half despised ("Tastes like a hospital!") and a layered nectarine/berry gelato which was pretty good. They stuck a really fun and fancy rainbow candle in the gelato for me, and my friends sang. We were pretty inebriated at this point, and I put the candle in my purse because I thought it was so pretty. The next morning I realized I probably shouldn't have done that (there were several burning hours left on this fancy candle. My apologies, Nicole).Overall I enjoyed my experience at Bufad very much, and will definitely return for BOGO (!!) Sundays.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,1/13/2014,181,207,3,10,9>If there is anything that I love more than love itself, it is PIZZA. A really good pie does wonders for the soul and while it cannot cure cancer, it can certainly resolve those hunger pangs! A few girls and I decided to meet up for diner after work, and I was pretty excited since I have heard so many good things about this place!Since it was a nice day, we sat outside. I ordered the Post Road, while the others decided to wash down pizza goodness with wine. We ordered the pizza of the day which was a slice of roasted pear, thyme, mozz, and gorgonzola with a dash of honey. That slice was seriously good, and I could have eaten a whole pie of that. But I didn't because we had ordered two pies and the arugula salad. (We were really hungry). The Renato was a simple, yet tasty trifecta of rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt. The Salsiccia was made with some serious love. Fennel sausage, tomato, and mozz. Lastly, the arugula salad! I really enjoyed this! Hearty potatoes married well with the pesto sauce.I will always remember this dinner, and cannot wait to go back.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/12/2014,180,143,1,10,6>It is one block from my apartment and I couldn't be happier. One price coffee - $2 La Colombe Corsica, which sits well in my book. The space is small, as Carmen's was, so if you want brunch there'll be a wait. But their menu is awesome and inventive, with everything titled in a crusades/holy grail theme. I'll be frequenting this place as much as I can - IF I can score a table, of course. Cash only for now, be forewarned. The open kitchen is a plus, as you can see and talk to the lady chef and owner personally. Not one bad thing to say here.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,1/11/2014,69,139,11,11,11>I lost my Pho virginity here, by myself. and its the best thing that has ever happened to me. Walking back from East Passyunk, I decided to find out whats all this Pho shenanigan was about, I walked in by myself to be quickly greeted by one of the many friendly servers. The menu seemed broad and giving Zareen S. many a options are never a good idea. I decided to go with the No.1 which had everything in it. The "small" bowl of Pho came out in less than 5 minutes. The word small is a joke because by the time I had planted a food child in my belly, I couldn't even put a dent on it. Heaps of meat and tripe [i love tripe], bottomless sea of noodle, sprouts and basil is just 7 bucks?! Madness, that I fell in love with and deeply adore. I found putting a bit of fish sauce enhances the flavor of the broth my miles. And all this comes with a pot of Green Tea? I repeat, madness.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/10/2014,108,153,2,12,7>Bo Ne is the Vietnamese version of steak and eggs and this restaurant is definitely a much needed addition to the food scene in Woodbury, as Sophia mentioned.  If you live in Woodbury, there aren't many nearby options for Vietnamese cuisine.  You'd have to drive to Philly or 10-15 minutes elsewhere for Vietnamese food.Went with the boyfriend and his cousin's kids C and A last night for dinner.  The restaurant itself is very small with less than 10 tables.  The owner lady (?) and her young daughter warmly welcomed us and gave us water while we looked over the menu.  The menu is simple as others have wrote with the basic Pho Tai (Vietnamese noodle soup with rare beef), Com Thit Nuong (rice and pork), Banh Mi (Vietnamese baguettes), Cha Gio (fried spring rolls), and Goi Cuon (rice paper rolls).  Since they were out of Pho Tai last night, my boyfriend got Pho Bo Vien (Vietnamese noodle soup with beef meatballs, $6.95), C and A got Pho Chin (Vietnamese noodle soup with beef brisket, $6.95), I got the Bo Ne (Vietnamese steak and eggs, $7.95), and we got an order of the Cha Gio ($2.95) to share.All of the pho came out pretty quickly.  The pho had a decent homemade flavor to it, but it wasn't the best we've had.  My Bo Ne came out shortly after in a sizzling plate with a side of veggies and baguette.  I've actually never had Bo Ne before, so it was something new for me and it didn't disappoint -- flavors of the steak were good.  As for the Cha Gio, they weren't bad, but not that great either.  The only things that were lacking that might be a con for some were the small kiddie water cups, disposable chopsticks, and the small portions.  I actually don't mind the kiddie cups, but I typically drink a lot of water.  The chopsticks, on the other hand, were short, started to shred, and were hard to maneuver.  Portion-wise, I don't mind personally, but I know the serving size here might be a problem for those who have bigger appetites.  I'm sure these are the little things that will improve in the future, but just a heads up for everyone now.Overall, our first experience at Bo Ne wasn't bad.  We'll definitely be back because it's the only Vietnamese place in the area.  I'm looking forward to trying their Banh Mi Xiu Mai next!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/9/2014,212,160,23,14,12>ATTN: CITIZENS OF GREATER PHILADELPHIACorropolese tomato pie is a neurotoxin.It will breach the blood-brain barrier and ruin all other tomato pies for you forever. It will hijack your neurotransmitters and make you drive to Landsdale. You will never look at $4 the same way again.You have been warned.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,11/13/2008,136,289,7,6,9>Eastern State is one of the most photographic places you will ever visit. The prison is beautiful, disturbing and thought-provoking. Usually places with this level of decay are closed from public viewing and left to rot. It is a good opportunity for wannabe urban explorers or those who enjoy abandoned spaces to experience a ruin without risking much personal injury. The site is generally stabilized at this point, previously visitors had to wear hard hats so they wouldn't be injured by the cracking ceilings. There are renovation projects going on all the time so new areas can be opened to the public. I have had a membership for a few years and it is amazing how much it changes from year to year and season to season. I just hope they don't fix it up too much, I love its rawness.The audio tour is a good way to take everything in and it is narrated by Steve Buscemi (awesome). But for the most part they let the structure do a lot of the talking for itself, as it should be given its disturbing history.I like the artist installations, I think they provide a bridge between the past and the future, as well as between the prison and the community. Everyone I take here absolutely adores the ghost cats. Who doesn't love a good animal story?The only thing that drives me crazy is parking in the neighborhood when Terror Behind The Walls is happening. I know they get complaints about it all the time and it has gotten better in the last couple years since they started using the lot on Broad & Spring Garden and the shuttles. Still, it is a pain for the locals and their visitors. Still, it is a fun thing to have in your hood. I love turning the corner with an out-of-towner and hearing them cry, "what the HELL is that?!"
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,11/12/2008,425,275,10,9,9>In the misty twilight of a rainy Philly weeknight, my companion and i searched in vain for parking near McCrossens. After circling the block a few times we ended up scoring a spot right across from the tavern. The spot was convienent, however, the parking was so tight that we had to exit out of the cars sunroof. Did I mention that my car doesnt have a sunroof? Or a moon roof. Thats right, I had to burst out of the roof of my car like a newborn baby, or that thing from Alien. Hoping it was worth the trouble, we went inside. McCrossens is best described as cozy. It had a very Betsy Ross/ Ben Franklin feel to it. Very Philadelphia. the bar area was busy. We wanted a place where we could talk so we were shown to the dining room, where we were greeted by the server, Mary. The crowd in here was sparse, which was perfect for us. Mary was wonderful. She had a very personable demeanor not dismissive and robotic.  She took our flirtatious jokes with stride and humored us. She was knowledgable about the beers and specials. Gave us her time when we needed her and left us be when we didnt. Their beer choices were good, with the right amount of normal choices to interesting ones. When I need a drink I like to stick with the things i know rather than experiment.The food was exeptional. We ordered wings which had the right amount of crispiness and heat. I like hot, but sometimes the hot can be obnoxiously hot to the point of pain. These were perfect, if anything they could have been a tad hotter. we were both in the mood for burgers, and we werent disappointed. they came out the right tempature, had the right amount of toppings and were on a fantastic roll that neither my friend or myself could place. Pretzel? Wheat? We had to ask Mary, who wasnt sure herself. She quickly asked the chef and came back with the answer....Challah! Ive never had that before. It was really the perfect burger bun , not too soft not too dense. I wonder if this is a new trend or has McCrossens started something. We were well fed and enjoyed ourselves here. Mary brought the desert tray by and as good as it looked, we were too full to partake.Knowing there was a chilly mist outside, it was difficult to leave, but all things must come to an end. My friend and I parted ways and I set about the task of squeezing my large frame back into my wedged car.  I will always have the memories of my time at McCrossens; Mary, beer, Wings,beer, challah, beer and of course...the scratches on both of my car doors.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,11/11/2008,97,108,3,7,8>Ohh, Stephan Starr. I've really really tried to avoid your restaurants, let alone LIKING one of them, but alas. My plan has failed horribly.I recently spent my 22nd birthday here with my family and had an ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL meal. We spared no expense and got like 4 appetizers and 5 entrees and each one was delicious, although I will say some more so than others. The kobe beef meatballs were seriously to die for. My sister and I would've literally licked the plate clean because the sauce that came with it was super tasty but, thankfully, we have manners and settled for using bread. The empanadas verde were also really good and light. I enjoyed the oysters rodriguez but I found that the potatoes or whatever they were that were under the tiny ball of fried oyster to be too sweet and kind of overwhelmed the main point of the dish - the oyster. I didn't get to taste the bacon-wrapped dates because everyone else got to them first but clearly they were delicious too. In terms of entrees, I decided to be a spoiled birthday girl and chose the most expensive dish on the menu - the sirloin. In some ways I regret it because even though it was really good, it didn't blow my mind. Perhaps it's because the other dishes were a lot better but I suppose I kind of expected a $36 dollar dish to be super delicious. The papas that came with it were good, slighly greasy, and the other aspect of it was just some cut up tomatoes with bleu cheese on it. Not creative, but not bad either. Now, my boyfriend's tenderloin on the other hand was great. It had a really good sauce and came with yummy asparagus. My dad's pollo was super amazing and tasted just like the street chicken you would find in Mexico or some other South American country (that's a good thing). Although I will say that the fennel tamale that was served with it was gross, but I hate fennel. My sister got the maple-glazed tuna, which was served almost like tuna pops. I enjoyed it but I found it weird that a glazed tuna was served with a red sauce. Both were delicious, I just would've preferred them separately. The absolute BEST dish that we had all night was my mom's, and she got a special sea bass that was an addition to the menu. Holy hell, I kid you not when I say that it literally melts in your mouth. I've tasted some good seafood in my lifetime and this was LITERALLY the best dish I've ever had. I wish I could have that sea bass at least once a day for the rest of my life.  My dad actually agreed and said that this was the best meal that he's had in years, which is huge because he is also a restauranteur and is usually way too critical to really enjoy most dining experiences. The service was superb. Our waitress was super attentive and made me realize that I could neverever work in a fine dining restaurant because she took care of so many minor details that I would never think of doing. I will say though that I found the hosts to be way too fake nice. I understand that you have to be but seriously, a plastered on smile never left her face and it was just so obviously insincere that it really rubbed me the wrong way. All in all, I would definitely go back here if it was a special occasion or I somehow came into a lot of money. Seeing as the latter won't happen any time soon, you'll find me here on an anniversary or on my birthday next year.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,11/10/2008,828,1172,12,11,11>Thanks for the tip Meredith. HOLY CRAP does this place know how to make a sammich! they are hands down the best Jewish Deli in Philly and give great service every step of the way. and not only did the sandwich maker make my sammich to perfection, he was friendly and cool enough to tell me some things about stuff on my street that I had no idea about.If you like your sammiches piled high with meat than this is by far the place for you. their catchphrase is "More Meat for Less Bread" and their dead on. The turkey pastrami was piled high on my potato bread. The lettuce was fresh and came from a good sized head. the hot peppers and fried onions hit the spot. and the cooler had awesome sodas from Jones and Dr. Browns (The celery soda was better than I thought it would be.). Next time I come here I'm going to have to order the Whitefish sammich so I can report back to Aaron (and I might just have to pile on some nova lox in the process). And I'm going to have to go for one of those awesome sounding blintzes too. SAMMICHES!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,11/9/2008,29,62,5,5,6>I've been to Nodding Head twice now, once taking a business partner for a couple brews and a debrief after a massacre of a client meeting, and then last night for late night drunk food with fellow Yelper Michelle C. and her sister after the event at Helium, where I had like 6 Bud Lights.  Nodding Head is pretty well-known as a local microbrewery staple, lauded by self-described true brew heads as a destination for heavy and unique tasting oat soda.FIRST IMPRESSIONS:I've been there when I was in the only table in the place, and I've been there when there's a full crowd at night, but both were on weekdays, so I can't speak to Nodding Head as a weekend spot.  It's gives just the kind of first impression you'd expect from a microbrewery, if not a little more earthly than most.  The clientelle and staff appear to be the kind of people who know their beer and come to Nodding Head for a reason, and that you wouldn't catch many of them dead in a chic martini lounge or wine & cheese bar...regardless, the mood feels jovial and welcoming.  Nodding Head can be a little inconspicuous if it's your first (or in my case, second) time, as it's accessed via a single door leading upstairs.  There is usually a sign there, but I completely missed it.THE ATMOSPHERE/SERVICE:Dark, very dark and warm, with all-wood furnishings, floors, etc., accented by the tall stainless steel brewing equipment.  The bathrooms are located in the center where the main brewery is implanted right in the center of the rear seating area, giving you the feeling that you really are drinking their beer in the middle of their brewery (a la Sam Adams commercials).  As I said, the clientelle appear to be pretty friendly, our waiter was able to accommodate us as relative brew newbs, so we all felt pretty comfortable.  I've been to other breweries where the staff was condescending and didn't do much to help us decide what to try, but in the case of Nodding Head, I feel they were just the opposite in both visits.THE DRINKS/FOOD:As mentioned earlier, most of Nodding Head's brews are pretty heavy, Grog and Monkey Knife Fight being the lightest, and Oatmeal Stout being on the heavier side.  Additionally, the menu gave no indication of their carrying other brews, which leads me to believe that they don't; even though I remember seeing a bar, I couldn't see if it was stocked with anything.  I got the Grog the first time, which was pretty good, a little heavy for my tastes, and the Monkey Knife Fight the second time.  Monkey Knife Fight is a bit clearer in my memory-- it is relatively light, with a heavy ginger flavor...definitely NOT the choice to compliment spicy foods, which is mostly what we had ordered, but it was still tasteful and enjoyable to me before we got our food.  The food was very good, although we only had appetizers-- the Pita w/ spicy hummus, a sampler platter, and their pub fries.  While the hummus didn't taste very home made, it wasn't bad, and the sampler and the fries were excellent-- I loved the texture and taste of the fries, with that spicy mayonnaise concoction they have for dipping (which I got to keep all to myself).  It was a little on the pricey side for some of the food, but I guess it was worth it.  Portions were very generous, and we all left feeling satiated.THE BOTTOM LINE:A cozy little microbrewery that is as tried-and-true to beer vets as it is accessible to brew newbies, they have good food and good heavy beer (if heavy beer is your thing), don't go there expecting to taste something you could try somewhere else, the flavors are unique and should be enjoyed and judged according to your palette and not your past experiences at other breweries.  Worth checking out for sure if you're curious!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,11/8/2008,38,42,5,14,6>like a true viet, i know my pho. it's the phood of my people! i come here with my family and if it can pass my parents' picky palette, then you all know this place is banging. i order the chicken pho. i ask for it with white meat. the broth is flavorful, hot, and filled to the brim and i get to add all the garnish. mint, beansprouts. limes. don't forget to add the squeeze of lime. i let my lime swim in my soup. hotsauce. hoisin sauce. more hot sauce. the beef pho is also good. the lunch specials seem to go fast, so if you want the special, get there early. order the chicken pho, get the bubble coffee, and for an appetizer, while they still have it, get the fresh/summer spring rolls with crab and shrimp! it is light and perfect for the spring days to come. also, end it with a fresh lime soda. ask for the fresh lime and they will add the carbonated soda.the waiters are nice, the hostess all smiles, my family and i come here to eat pho, talk, get the vietnamese newspapers and eat an authentic vietnamese meal without cooking it ourselves! quality family time. quality pho.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,11/7/2008,58,190,3,8,7>i went to home slice last night, and for opening day they did a fine job for a first day.  the decor is really cute and the prices are great - small pizza and a vegetarian cheesesteak for $16.  portions are huge.  i think they might work on refining their recipes a bit but i'm hesitant to be my usual harshly judging self because it IS their first day, and i like their place across the street, a full plate.  plus this lonely spot on the walk really needs a pizzeria that won't go out of business in three weeks' time!anyway, i thought the cheese was great - both on the vegesteak and the pizza.  the sauce on the pizza - too sweet for my taste and the dough - too doughy for me.  again these are things i'm sure they need a bit to work out.  i think they also need to accumulate a good bit of grease on the grill to churn out some amazing cheesesteaks.  or possibly a less dense tofu.  anyway this place has good intentions, so i think you should give them a try.  i believe there is a drag show there thursday aug 21 (tomorrow!)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,11/6/2008,174,372,5,5,5>Two words are all you need to know about this place...  Chocolate Pagoda!  It's the best 11" of pure dark, milk, and semi-sweet chocolate you'll ever put in your mouth!  Not only is it a masterpiece of culinary skill, it's also a mini objet d'art.  In all honesty, though, don't feel guilty eating it!  You're in a Buddha inspired restaurant, and all things are impermanent and transient, n'est-ce pas?  So it is only natural that this chocolate tower be dismantled, eaten, and enjoyed...  Now as for sharing, that's totally up to you, but I'd relish it on your own!The food here is also really good and is served family style as the dish is prepared.  Everyone at your table can sample whatever they want - HANDS OFF MY PAGODA OR IT'S GOING DOWN!!  The crab stir fry is good, the chicken and ponzu buns is amazing, and the sushi is great for an appetizer!The drinks are both inventive and unique.  I really enjoy the White Zengria - it's fruit, white wine, and sake.  Really tasty!  Make reservations early, go often, and even try it out for lunch!  You'll have a great time, trust me!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,11/5/2008,6,8,9,6,6>No wonder why people were so..."rotund" in ye olden days.  I made the delicious mistake of ordering a double scoop, which would have been appropriate if I were double the size.  I ate what I could but had to abandon the rest.  Such is life.However, what I did manage to consume was delicious.  The mint chocolate chip was fresh and creamy; right from the cow's udder.No gripes about the cash only system.  This is just about the only place in the city that has the right to deny plastic.  You think people used Visa for their horse and buggy rides?  Me thinkest not.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,11/4/2008,37,91,4,6,4>Pastoral's food was fantastic, and it has been each time I've gone there. I've always started with the Korean pizza, and dear sweet lord of East Asian things (Vishnu?), is it fantastic! Truly. Large and filling. But then I order some warm bowl of something and try and eat it all, which feels like too much food. Really, though, it's just a testament to how good the food it and what poor self-control I have. Also, it reflects the wide variety of small dishes -- about 6-8 that are big enough to be split four ways -- they bring you. Mmmmm, samplers. The decor is fine, not fab, and it's always been a nice place for a meal with a ton of people or just one other. The service is sweet and friendly, and I'll be back myself to a) say that in person and b) try something strange off the menu.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,8/17/2013,232,522,3,4,3>Adult shakes. Enough said right there.A friend and I popped in earlier in the week. We opted to sit outside and enjoy the summer temps and wind. PYT turned out to be a low-key place to catch up without feeling rushed out, though I'd assume that atmosphere changes when the Piazza hosts events.She chose the veggie hot dog and raved about it. Since I had already eaten, I opted to try the Cookie Monster adult shake. Heaven, heaven, HEAVEN.I also liked their bathrooms. That's probably an odd point to add, but they're different. Check them out.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/16/2013,117,151,16,7,2>Discernible by its awesome name, The Naked Peach is a solid place to get your wax on and your fuzz off.   Fresh of the table, I'm loving what I got done with a recent Groupon.  Two Brazilians for $50 is hard to beat. After my first appointment, I'm tempted to follow it up by purchasing the Yelp deal.  It's going to be a good summer.This is the first waxing-only boutique I've been to, as I tend to frequent salons.  You enter a small waiting room off which extends a hallway of private rooms, each with a massage table and the pleasant sound of spa music.My stylist was professional and detail oriented. Standard procedure: spritz of oil-removing mist, then wax, then aloe, wax-remover, and bumps-be-gone (a serum available for purchase). She used special tweezers for strays. The wax was good quality, the entire area needed only a few strips.  If you are sensitive, come 30 min early for a numbing cream. You can drink wine while you wait.One girl brought her boyfriend, who sat waiting in the lobby overhearing things he doesn't need to know. (Did she think he could hold her hand during the service?? I don't know.)  Please don't do this. He was more scared than anyone there.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/15/2013,29,48,7,15,9>Recently, I've acquired new friends on Yelp from across the country, and I'm so incredibly excited about the additions to my non-existent entourage. I want to thank all of you for the compliments you've given me, and for even feigning interest in my reviews. Since I don't know you personally, I'll thank you by encouraging you to visit Aroma. It is a glowing gem illuminating KOP midst so many restaurants that will never progress past rough stones. When you visit, you will know how much I appreciate each and every one of you.I ventured back to Aroma last night and I had single-handedly the best meal of my entire life, categorically speaking. The owner not only came to our table and introduced himself, he took care of us throughout our entire meal. We laughed as he explained his rivalry with his wife in the kitchen, and we told him that it translated beautifully into every dish. He was one of the most gracious men I've met; as we complimented each plate and told him how thrilled we were with the food, he humbly thanked us. He explained that he makes everything from scratch (with ample help from the "boss"--his wife) and works long days to ensure that each dish is perfect. The man works tirelessly---and his passion is palpable in even the pita. I dined with my boyfriend, my sister, and her boyfriend. The owner quietly observed the boys' gobbling the appetizers and presented my sister and I with our own complimentary plate of grape leaves. He also provided moussaka, a sweet, indulgent dip made with pomegranate molasses. We were floored with his showing of hospitality (and his joking reprimand of our counterparts). Places like this are few and far between. I have frequented Middle Eastern restaurants across the East Coast and even in the Persian District of Los Angeles, and the only restaurant I have found that parallels this place is Attari (see review). For all you East Coast folks, a flight to Philly is far more economical than a flight to LA, so get your hungry butts to Aroma, stat.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/14/2013,140,214,3,9,5>I've had my eye on this place since it popped up on yelp and today I was finally able to try it out. Now granted, I ordered to go, and really only live 5 minutes away, so I imagine that the food might have even tasted a little better had it come straight out of the kitchen, and that make me even more excited. Wontons in chili oil - I was pleasantly surprised here at the sweetness present in addition to the spiciness. It was a welcome  balance that was perfect, just like the right amount of filling for the thin wonton skin. 5/5Dan dan mian - Chewy noodles with good flavor. I'd still give Han's Dynasty the nod for a slightly better dan dan mian but overall, it's still pretty darn good. 4/5Dry pot flavor beef - Packed full of flavor, spice, numbing Szechuan peppercorn, hot chili peppers, some celery, bamboo, onion, all harmoniously combined to put a large smile on my face and sweat on my brow. This is what I'm talking about! This is what numbing heat is supposed to taste like! Why it's found in West Philly I have no idea but I'm not going to complain! This dish was great! It made my tongue numb, tingle, and salivate all at the same time!  The beauty of numbing heat is precisely that your mouth is on fire but your tongue is numb - so you don't feel it, and you actually have to keep eating in order to keep your tongue numb because as the numbness wears off, you then feel the spiciness of the chili peppers. 5/5Overall, very satisfied with the meal and I will definitely be coming back to try more of the Chef's Specials.  And I get it - there are reviewers who knock this place because of the service, or lack thereof. Sure - it's not stellar, but this isn't old city or center city - and they don't seem to be catering to any particular crowd. They offer great food for a good price and in regard to Szechuan cuisine, they are a legitimate competitor to Han's Dynasty and Spice 28.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,8/13/2013,241,333,,12,11>Welcome to Philly, IndeBlue. Not only do I have a location near home, I have one near work! The decor is, in a word, elegant. The cocktails, divine. Glasses are filled with a unique flavors and herbs. The food? Wow. The flavors of the meats, veggies, and spices make my mouth sing. The chutneys are sweet, savory, and delicate. The Drums of Heaven are mini bites of tandoori deliciousness. The lamb chops? Tender, spicy, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. So don't wait! Go now!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,8/12/2013,88,407,5,8,9>To Whom It May Concern:Please accept my high recommendation of Interstate Drafthouse in support of its application for the position of totally legit brunch spot. IDH displays the virtues of tastiness, solicitous service, and beer on a regular basis. As such, I have no doubt that IDH would be a credit to your pantheon of brunch options. IDH and I have not known each other for long, perhaps a scant two months, but in this short time, it has shown itself to be quite creative. Consider this stroke of genius: who else would think to play on the concept of eggs benedict by replacing the classic English muffin with a perfectly--perfectly--crispy polenta cake? I suspect few of your other applicants would. As a balance to its creativity, IDH is also quite practical. Their beer flights include 8 beers. They have 16 beers on tap. And so, if you can't decide which beers to get, order 2 flights and get them all! Indulgence, decadence, variety, all under the aegis of easy division. I do hope you will agree that IDH is a strong candidate for your brunch pleasure, and I recommend it without condition. Please feel free to contact me should have any questions. Yours in deliciousness, --Chris M.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,8/11/2013,139,292,2,5,1>Local bar with easy and laid back service.  Juke box for music, TV above the bar for games, rotating chalkboard menu.I've been here for lunch, dinner, late drinks, early drinks...it's one of those bars that's whatever you need it to be, when you need it.  Come with family for a nice hearty lunch (salads and soup are great!), or meet friends for happy hour.  Late night, it's a great post dinner spot for a new date, or find a dark corner with an old flame and keep the conversation going to last call.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,8/10/2013,82,230,,14,6>I will let the other Yelp reviews steer you to the best of the menu. They are all right, and you should order all of those things.My advice isn't the what, but the how:Go as a party of six and order a lot of food. Khmer Kitchen serves family style, meaning one dish comes out at a time and for the table to share. Six dishes and three appetizers came out to $20 a person (including tax and a generous tip), and for two and a half hours we grazed through a meal I will remember when that day comes that I am sipping my dinner through a straw.Go early or on a weeknight. The restaurant is tiny and fills up fast.Have a backup plan for take-out in the event that you can't get a table. I have the luxury of being within walking distance, so that may not be fair of me to say, but a backup plan means you can't feel bad about a ridiculous wait for a table. You won't get the experience of a multi-course feast, but that's what you get for going on a Saturday.Thank everybody who works there. Seriously, they appreciate hearing it and they deserve it. They work hard and put out dishes full of complex, surprising flavors. Look around you and you will see a room full of patrons whose eyes are rolling back into their heads with every bite.Finally, don't forget to bring your favorite beer or wine, and cash because they do not accept credit cards.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/9/2013,60,76,2,7,5>I love this place. The owners are really sweet people who know everything about what is in their store, no matter what it is. I find myself in here once a week, at least, buying things to put around my house. Half the time, I don't need it at all, but it just has so much character, that I know it will be a cool conversational piece. I have told them about things that I'm looking for, and they always try and find something for me, and they have, on more than one occasion, delivered very well. I like that they don't spend much time restoring the old things that they find, letting them keep their character. I will keep coming back here for more. One thing I will say about this place is that I really admire their pricing. For the most part, it is really affordable, and I appreciate that. It allows you to get into this kind of hobby without being rich. I like that.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,8/8/2013,33,231,6,7,6>A brand new comer to the Philly food truck scene, Mikey of Mama's Meatballs is taking these Italian treats to a whole 'nother level!The standard Mama's ball is your expected beef/pork/veal mix in a delicious sauce (er, gravy, if you will), but the ballsy goodness doesn't stop there!  A turkey and broccoli rabe ball stuffed with asiago cheese?  Why not?!  Sausage balls mixed with long hots and crushed red pepper stuffed with horseradish cheddar?  Now Datz-a-Spicy Ball!  They even have a Veg-da-ball if you want to spare the animal, but eat balls anyway.  Served up on slider rolls for a great price, these balls will bring joy to your mouth.So far they are doing a great job of posting daily truck locations as well as daily ball specials on Facebook (facebook.com/MamasMeatba).  I hope they keep up the good work; Philly needs some great low-key meatball options.  It's also hard not to root for the cute little Italian guy in the truck.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,5/19/2010,96,186,13,8,7>For my birthday, I received a gift certificate for $95 dollars for Body Restoration - this covers exactly the cost of a 75 minute massage. I cashed in on this wonderful gift yesterday after work and, although $95 isn't cheap, it was worth it. The staff was accommodating and friendly and my massage therapist was excellent! The place was spotless and comfortable. My massage was great. I regret not getting a deep tissue massage, but I didn't want to end up regretting getting a deep tissue massage the next morning. In the past, when I've had massages, I've been able to handle more pressure, so I probably could have gone for a deeper massage. But either way, I feel loose. After my massage, I felt so loosey goosey loo that when I almost run over by a blonde mom and her ugly kid in a novelty size Lexus, turning right at 17th & Chestnut at about 50 miles an hour while a man on the corner yelled at her to stop since she wasn't looking, I really let her have it. There's something about being completely relaxed to that point that makes screaming and cursing in the middle of Center City so easy.Julila was attentive, asked questions and listened. I felt very much at ease. It's hard not to when you're wearing jelly slippers and a giant robe. I absolutely plan on returning to Body Restoration in the future. P.S. Did anyone else notice that the mirror in the changing room was one of those magic skinny mirrors? I love that.P.P.S. I edited this review and moved the rating up to five stars because I appreciate that Cara, the owner, reads what people have to say on Yelp. Great!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,5/18/2010,400,308,10,21,13>Oui. Oui. Oui. Oui!!!It's no secret that I am a clichéd Francophile.  I live, eat, breathe all things French.  Paté, fromage and baguettes are in heavy rotation in my diet.  I am well acquainted with the musical stylings of Edith Piaf, the yé-yé movement, Johnny Hallyday, Serge Gainsbourg, and Carla Bruni.  I call France my second home and I own more berets than I'd like to admit.That being said, Bibou is an exercise in gorgeous, spot-on, casual French dining. In the former Pif space, it is only fair that French cuisine should be made in that kitchen.  The dining room is as ever, tiny and intimate.  Decor is simple, cozy and bright.Charlotte is a terrific and amiable hostess who has a lot of help with another server and two bus boys.  Prices are super reasonable too, with no plat principal costing over $27.With a small conservative menu, each item is succulent and deftly prepared from the first bite to the last - Their foie gras entrée (with two generous pieces) made me swoon - perfection - and a Riz de Veau (sweetbreads) put me over the moon.  Along with their homemade bread, imported French butter that tastes like cream to their full-bodied and robust French-pressed coffee with warm little Madeleines rounded off the near perfect experience (the only mediocre dish was our desert, a 'bûche' that didn't make me quiver).The little touches, like the wine bottle holder, their special concentric esgargot plates, and the gorgeous glass teacup and painted saucer make you feel as though you're eating at someone's apartment in Alençon.  The man of the hour, the chef himself, humble and talented Pierre Calmels came out to greet us at the end of our meal to shake our hands and have a small chat about the food he prepared.  Being a former chef at Le Bec Fin, I thought this meal was better than anything I've had at his prior stuffy employer.  Save yourself the money, hoopla and the trouble, skip Le Bec Fin, bring your favorite vin and eat here instead.Be sure not to miss their Sunday prix-fixe dinner at $45.  That is, if you can get a reservation.  Also, BYOB (splurge on a nice bottle, you deserve it) and cash only.How fitting that my 100th review should be a five-star-'er experience and a place where I had the pleasure to dine in celebration of my birthday (the numerical component of which shall remain a mystery).Youppi!!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,5/17/2010,85,187,8,19,6>Because of some... shall we say... ISSUES I had with David's Bridal, I decided to take my wedding gown elsewhere to be altered.  I called Fashion Stitch on the recommendation of my cousin, and was able to make an appointment for a fitting that worked with my schedule.Had it not been for the all-knowing powers of Garmin, I would have passed right by the place.  Fashion stitch is a tiny house on a busy road with a little sign.  They must get their business by word of mouth (and now word of Yelp) recommendations, because I doubt anyone would just notice it was there and stop in.I entered the small, crowded front room and was immediately directed to a back room.  There were many dresses hanging along one wall, a mirror on another wall, and a wedding gown draped for steaming in front of the window.  It was a little awkward because there was no designated "changing room," but the owner did close the door to the room, so I had privacy while donning my gown.My dress didn't need many alterations, but the ones it did need weren't cake.  The original design included straps that I chose not to use, and they were attached in between the top layer of the dress and the lining.  Since I bought the floor sample, the dress also needed a new zipper (someone or several someones obviously too large for this dress tried it on at some point and the zipper was pulled away from the fabric), a hem, and of course a bustle.The seamstress (I feel bad- I really wish I knew her name) quickly went to work on pinning the hem and the bustle and noted on my charge slip the other alterations to be made.  At this point, I said goodbye to my gown and hoped for the best.When I went back for my second fitting, I was completely pleased with how my dress had turned out.  In addition to replacing the zipper completely, the seamstress had added several hooks and loops so that the outer decorative buttons would lay flat to conceal it.  The straps were removed with such precision that you couldn't even tell they were there to start with.  Of course, the hem was even, and she used buttons that matched those already on my dress to create the bustle.In addition to alterations, Fashion Stitch also creates garments from scratch.  I will definitely go back here if I am ever in need of either service again.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,5/16/2010,79,118,1,6,4>Wow! Why has this place been so far off my radar? Went here for dinner last night and had an amazing meal. We got the duck fat fingerlings and I got the supper burger. This was probably the best burger I have ever had. The meat was so tender and almost just fell apart when you bit into it. I've never had a buger that was so good. And it came with more duck fat finderlings (which are just like french fries but WAY better). I was a bit worried that it was going to be really expensive but it really wasn't. If you're ready for some delic comfort food I would tell you to RUN down to supper :)
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,5/15/2010,70,139,,10,7>I visited Azie on Main for the first time last night with a friend, and we really enjoyed our experience. The restaurant itself is located on the back-upper side of a new shopping center, right around the corner from 476.  When you step into the restaurant, you immediately forget that you are in a shopping center.  Azie looks like a swanky high-end restaurant that you would find downtown in Rittenhouse Square.  The bar is beautiful, and there is a nice little area around the corner with semi-private nooks to enjoy a cocktail.Our server, Alex, was top-notch!  He was attentive, friendly, and engaging.  We enjoyed some pinot grigio, and 2 rolls of sushi: one spicy tuna crunchy, and one vegetable.  They were absolutely delicious, light and flavorful. They have a great happy hour as well.  There is a small selection of wines by the glass available at $3 each!  We sampled the Chardonnay (Painted Hills), and it was decent for a $3 glass of wine.  There are other drink and appetizer specials which I will definitely be back to check out soon.Hopefully Azie on Main survives for a while!  The last restaurant in this location only lasted for about a year, so hopefully there will be more traffic here.  Alex told us that the owners have three other restaurants in the area, and all have been around for years.  Definitely try Azie on Main if you are in the area soon!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,5/13/2010,202,329,8,8,7>bigger is not necessarily better, but it sure can be pretty equivalent.my fandom of little fish is now translating into a love for the big fish, and let me count the ways:1.  skate wing with spaeztle, parmesan broth, truffle.  get this.  really.  if it's anywhere close on the menu.  it's beautifully decadent, light but rich at the same time.2. pisco sour.  perfectly tart and sweet and foamy.  3. happy hour with dollar oysters (although their mignonette covers up the taste of the oyster too much), shooters, and appetizers; cheap beer.4. friendly waitstaff and bartender who will let you try tons of wine before deciding what your drink du jour.so now that i've moved 2 blocks away from this place, you will see one happy and overweight asian girl...
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,5/11/2010,65,68,5,8,8>For weeks, maybe even months a couple years back my friend Dominic begged me to go to get tea with him at Premium Steap.  I was very resistant, he said the owner was much like the soup natzi from seinfeld...that didn't seem very appealing for me to visit and on top of that I wasn't much of a tea drinker. As it goes for me, when worn down enough by  badgering I gave in and went on a trip with him to get some tea one day and ended up buying a bag of earl grey (fancy) and a cool tea steaper.   The owner was not at all like the soup natzi (dominic has a tenancy to exaggerate)  In fact she was very helpful, nice and knowledgeable - a little quirky but I quite enjoyed the quirky.  If you told her what you liked she made suggestions and let you smell the loose teas.  I had never had loose tea before this and let me tell you once you have it tea bags will never taste as good to you again.  Believe it OR Not:  buying loose teas from this fancy store is cheaper than buying lame bad tasting tea bags and much more enjoyable.  Save the bags you buy your loose tea in and and bring them back for refills and you also get a discount.no more tea bagging people, go to premium steep and buy it loose.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,5/10/2010,61,261,3,10,8>YUMmyEverything we've tried here so far has been delish; my favorite so far is the vegetable samosa (nicely cunchy, not greasy, and a tad spicy), and the chicken saag (most flavorful I've had, and this is my go to dish for indian food). They have a nice size menu, and prices are in line with most places around, which may be a little high, but the portions are really big. Good to share an entree for two, or have enough for lunch the next day. The guys that work here are super nice, happy to explain what any mystery sauces are, and we've gotten complimentary rice pudding with the bill.*We just got delivery from them the other week: they delivered down to GHo, quickly enough that the dishes and naan were still hot.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,5/9/2010,101,151,6,10,6>Probably the best Thai food in the area but you'll probably spend a little more than you want to on Thai.Brought a bottle of red (why hasn't anyone mentioned the $3 corking fee?) and swung by here with my new roommate for dinner. We were seated and the waitress came by promptly to fill our water glasses and open our wine. My roommate ordered the special: grilled lamb with bell peppers ($23)and I ordered the beef red curry ($15). The waitress asked if i wanted it spicy, I looked up and said "very spicy" -pause- "extra spicy" and I swear I saw the twinkle in the waitress' eyes. Our dishes were presented beautifully and flavorful. Something about their curry felt like silk in your mouth. The spice level made my lips tingle and my nose run (attractive, I know). Since the curry has milk in it, it was not as spicy as my roommate's dish. His was so spicy that Im pretty sure he ate the flower garnish because the waitress couldn't keep his water glass full. We skipped out on dessert and they gave us some ginger candies with the bill. yeah it sounds nasty but it was actually tasty and settled the tingly sensation from dinner. I'd definatly come back. . . anyone up for some Thai?
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,5/8/2010,25,83,,7,6>I was optimistic that I would like this place, after spending a week checking its menu online and finding it quite difficult to pare down the list of things I wanted to stuff into my face...but I was surprised by the overall quality of our meal. We started with the Okonomiyaki. I loved the way the heat of the pancake caused the bonito shavings to curl and unfurl as we cut up the pancake. Oh man, it's such a mix of everything, it could be a disaster of conflicting flavors...but it's not. It's marvelous.I tried the omakase signature roll, which was kind of a funny final presentation. Pretty much choices of sashimi on top of maki with nothing but rice, which wasn't quite as cool or thought-out as I had hoped, but the cuts of fish were generous and fresh. Like, really generous. Oh and the, I think it was, monkfish pate? Omg. Definitely going to go back there!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,4/29/2012,4498,831,7,21,13>It's hard to write about Longwood Gardens without taking all the superlatives you can think of and stringing them into one long sentence.  This place is incredible, amazing, stunning, fabulous, mesmerizing, and unforgettable.  All these things are true even if you are not a gardener.  This place delights just about everybody, even children. If you are going to visit, here are some things to think about.Don't worry about finding this place.  You don't even need to break out the GPS.  Just get on Route 1 and head south.  That's it, you can't miss it.Absolutely positively wear good walking shoes.  This place is seriously huge and you will be doing a ton of ambulating.Speaking of walking; spend a little time planning your attack.  If you miss something in one section of the park and decide to go back, it can be a long walk.It should be a crime not to bring a camera and extra batteries if appropriate.  Many people also bring a tripod.  This place is so spectacular that even a novice can take wonderful pictures suitable for framing.Arrive in the morning.  This is an all-day kind of place.  As a matter of fact, even if you spend all day you're likely to want to go back.If you plan on eating in the gardens be prepared to spend some $$.  Our fellow Yelpers say the food is great including fine dining if you are so inclined but it is expensive.  There is a really nice picnic area but is a very short drive outside the gardens.Be sure and check the website as there are always interesting events taking place.  Some are free and some are an extra charge so you may want to do a little advance planning.If you have not been to this part of PA you're in for a treat.  Longwood Gardens is in Kennett Square which is the mushroom capital of the word.  If you love fungi there are often mushroom related things to do in town.Right next door is Chaddsford which is famous for its wine.  There are so many interesting things to do that many people spend a weekend in the area.  If you are into it there are lots of B&Bs.On a nice weekend day this is a guaranteed five star experience!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,4/28/2012,62,107,3,4,5>Cute cute cute! This place gives such an inviting atmosphere, so I wasn't afraid to ask questions or browse around. The staff members are very friendly and helpful. There's a lot to look at in such a small space, so take your time. It's quite easy to miss something! I actually had to do a rundown of the store twice.Among the things you can find here: stationary, beauty items, jewelery, clothing, accessories, bags, toys, and other awesome nick nacks! Items were a bit on the pricey side for me, considering that I am an unemployed, poor college student who drives a hoopty (hey, at least I have something that takes me from point A to point B). However, if you check the back of the store, there is a selection of items that are marked down.I definitely recommend this place for unique items. Happy findings!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,4/27/2012,260,310,6,7,5>Let me preface this review:First, if you are easily offended by penises, breasts, or other human anatomy this may not be your joint (and don't being your mother who is).Second, if you have tons of dietary restrictions, likes and dislikes, and in general are really picky with what you will eat, this probably isn't your place to go either.If you are a culinary adventurer, you like to be surprised, and you enjoy spontaneity, I think you've found your place.Call ahead to reserve a time, unless you're dining by yourself, then chances are you'll be sitting at the counter. The place is very small. But that's part of it's charm. The servers ask you your first name and the place is packed full of "the regulars".Really, I don't see the point in telling you what I ate, there are always 4-5 options on the blackboard, whatever Carman is cooking up that day, 4-5 meat sides that pair with the entree, and you choose one off the list. Everything I've had there was tasty.Here are a few of the things I had throughout the years just to give you an idea.- Pink Lemonade pancakes - Really good!- Mako shark filet - I know, totally random. But again good!- Soft shell crab - for brunch!- Hungarian sausage - Often from local vendors at Martin's in Reading Terminal. Delicious.Carman herself often comes out to greet the diners, and when it's warm you can always sit in the back of her truck and enjoy your meal. Definitely try this place and you're in for some excitement.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,4/26/2012,40,83,8,3,4>After writing for six hours, I decided it was a bright idea to have cookies for dinner. Hooray, I'm an adult! I CAN have cookies for dinner if I want to. Thank you sweet gods for Insomnia. Their delivery was faster than I expected, so I was mid-highlight (and mid shouting at 'Breaking Bad') when the delivery guy called me. Sorry buddy, for being flustered. This might be the best meal I've had all week. High-five'ing a million angels for this late night gluttony, fast delivery AND awesome baked goods. I think I'm eating a vaguely healthy meal since I did get Oatmeal Raisin cookies.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,4/25/2012,439,341,6,10,13>I like to think that I have a good heart. I'm a self proclaimed nice girl who has been known to walk thousands of miles to raise awareness for cancer, help dust kids off when they fall at the playground, I recycle, and I sing in the church choir. There isn't the tiniest bit of frost to hint at my having an icy heart, but I have to say that if I keep eating here my heart is going to melt away to nothing and that leaves me in quite a stupor. Last night I found myself once again in the Sycamore dining room in almost the exact same seat in which I sat months prior on my first visit. Once again I was surrounded by some of my best friends though this time around it was a group who put their trust in me to take them away from their safe bubble of Center City restaurants. To them the suburbs are uncharted territory, Regional Rail is a foreign vessel transporting them to lands unknown, and Sycamore is just a tree. I think I made adventurers out of them, with the help of Sam and his kitchen staff of course, as they surrendered their zip code and culinary limitations to the Wednesday night prix fixe.I could go on for days about the amazing food that was prepared for our table, but that would only provoke jealousy and rage by those who were unable to attend my little birthday soirée. I will say without going into much detail that we were spoiled (in no particular order) with the riches of prosciutto wrapped rabbit loin, braised beef short ribs, wild boar shoulder, sea scallops with a pear chutney, sweet potato gnocchi with sage brown butter,  twice fried poussin with corn bread and bacon loaded collards, lobster bisque, a fully loaded charcuterie plate, a perfectly selected artisinal cheese plate, lobster welsh rarebit (from which I was awarded a history lesson from my fellow diners), the famous wild mushrooms on toast, an amoretto cookie crumble topped butternut squash bake that I promise tasted like heaven and though I was told by our waitress that this was not dessert can attest that I would eat it for breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert, and as snacks in between every day. Just when we wanted to raise the white flag of defeat and say enough is enough, dessert was laid out and again we were plowing our way through sticky toffee pudding, chocolate cake, bread pudding, and sweet little salted chocolate cookies.I've said it in the past, but really there is no other word for this restaurant except for charming. Whether it is the warm and cozy interior, always smiling waitstaff, or the ever accomodating and friendly chef who makes his way out of the kitchen to socialize with the nights visitors, the combination will have you feeling so at home that a birthday dinner meant to only last two hours had us relaxing at our table for almost three and a half before we realized we needed to catch the train back to the city. With many accolades to its name including making it to the Diner's Choice Top 100 restaurants in America by Open Table, Best of Philly top new restaurants in 2010, the top 30 of 50 restaurants you should be eating right now by Philly Mag in 2011, and the fact that Craig LaBan actually had positive words on the restaurant which solidly confirms what dozens of amateur critics on Yelp are raving about, it's no wonder the first recommendation to anyone asking for a quiet BYO is Sycamore.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,4/24/2012,22,154,24,42,30>This is the only dentist I've been to that doesn't immediately try to rip you off and shove products down your throat.  I had a broken cavity from a previous dentist, and everywhere I went was trying to charge me for a full x-ray and exam, and then come back later to fix the cavity (even the people that originally filled it!).  Dr. Yurovsky fixed my cavity, no questions asked.  No extra cleanings, no full rotation x-ray.  Quick and easy.I've been back for a cleaning and have had no problems.  The waiting room is rather small so there may not be a place to sit.  But I was never waiting too long as she does what she needs to do and that's it.  I don't need to be at the dentist for 3 hrs while they try to sell me whiteners.  The staff was friendly, and the work was great.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,4/23/2012,350,249,5,6,5>Just got back home from an over night stay here with my girlfriend. It was pretty amazing. The new owners are super friendly and accommodating.The farm is situated right on a main road close to Peddler's Village with New Hope and Doylestown about equidistant in either direction. So, that makes it pretty convenient.I've never stayed at a Bed and Breakfast before, so I really didn't know what to expect. Upon a recommendation from a local, I called this place, asked a few questions and immediately booked the private third floor, the Ash Mill Suite. Rustic is definitely a word that comes to mind when describing the house and the entire property.Our room was clean, had fresh towels and there were AC units in several windows. We had a king sized bed, which I found to be a bit firm. And since we had the large suite, there was a separate lounge-y room with a day bed across the hall. We didn't make use of this room too much but it was nice to have another place to sit and relax in. This is definitely a room that could support 3 maybe even 4 people at a relatively affordable price.There were small TVs in our room and the other room, in the event this is something you're interested in. It wasn't really something we cared for while at a B&B on a farm. Though, it was nice to have. Also nice to have: I noticed some open and quick wifi signals all over the property. (Or at least from the front porch/outside area, kitchen, our suite's second room. The signal couldn't be reached from our large suite bedroom, but as mentioned, that's not what we were there for.)There's some sheep that live under the barn, I had fun photographing them and fed them once.Breakfast the following morning was really great. Emily, the Innkeeper made a delicious western omelette for me, and my girlfriend had equally delicious French toast made with challah bread. Aside from that, there was fresh fruit, numerous beverages (coffee, water, OJ, iced tea).We had a really great time and will definitely retreat back to Ash Mill Farm in the future. Sounds like they're doing quite a bit of renovation having only purchased the land 3-4 months ago. We can't wait to see the progress they make on the house and other buildings.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,4/22/2012,170,347,15,7,7>While Lauren H and I were sitting in the front seat of her car in South Philly, steaming up the windows and making obscene noises as we downed our half-dozen donuts and entire fried chicken, we pondered how Federal Donuts came to be. My favorite theory is that the restaurant began with the sign outside the door, which simply reads:coffeedonuts chicken I imagined Michael Solomonov and friends coming across this vintage-looking sign somewhere. Later that night, after a lot of drinks, someone turns to Chef Solomonov. "Yo, dude, you know what you should do? You should totally open a restaurant inspired by that sign. You would serve three things: coffee, donuts, and chicken." And he would reply, "man, I could totally make that work." Then one of his friends turns to him. "OK, Mike, you think you're all that? Let's put your restaurant on a street corner where nobody ever freaking goes. You get no foot traffic. People are gonna have to work to come eat your chicken." And Michael Solomonov gives him a boozy handshake and goes "Yo, man, it's on."... and several months later we all learn that yes, he really is that good.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,4/21/2012,136,204,4,6,4>How have I not reviewed this place yet?Sabrina's is a place that I shamelessly show off to my out-of-town friends to rub it in their faces how much cooler brunch, and pretty much every other meal, is in Philly.Everything here is tasty. Really tasty. And huge. Bigger than my ego, and that's no trivial feat. I digress.I've had the stuffed french toast, their short stack with fruit compote, a burger, a chicken sandwich, and their vegetarian Mediterranean wrap - which is actually incredibly hearty (though a -bit- salty... but what can you expect when you put garlic hummus, falafel, feta and kalamata olives all in one thing). I loved all of it. Oh, and their home fries and sweet potato fries, the latter dusted with powdered sugar, are also the bomb.I remember seeing somewhere that this place is also supposedly a BYO, but I've never seen that verified. A man can dream. And eat disgustingly large amounts of french toast stuffed with whipped cream cheese. But yeah.I love you, Sabrina's Cafe and Spencer's Too. In a totally non-creepy way.Pro-tip:They don't have booze. That's the only thing missing, really. Also, Sunday brunch is ALWAYS super busy. So, try a Saturday morning. They're open, and the menu is the same.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/20/2012,111,109,16,11,9>During my now inconceivable year as a vegetarian, I might've came here enough to become one of the chosen people had I lived in Philadelphia. It's probably best for the Jews that I'm not in their ranks, what with me being a fairly bad person and all. You're welcome, Jews.The falafel ($3.50 for a small, $6 for a large) is your ticket to the promised land. You bite into a warm kick of spicy sauce and the crunch of the chickpea fritters that plays against the soft, dusty pita, crisp vegetables and creamy hummus. The pitas, wheat or white, are homemade and have the requisite fluffy, chewy texture instead of the dry and crumbly feel you can get with aging store bought shells. The fries ($2), outside of lunch time, are cooked to order so they end up making a fashionably late appearance to the party, showing up when you're down to the last pillowly and crunchy bites of your falafel. The fries have a darker hue to them, and I wish I had the discerning tater taste buds to tell you if its from using a darker spud or pre-fry seasoning, but I guess you get what you pay for with my review. They have a deeper, richer taste to be sure.Fellow carnivores, please: give chickpeas a chance. This is among the top sandwiches in the city.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,6/8/2012,393,710,3,10,10>On a dark, dreary, rainy, cold miserable evening we stumbled into Valanni famished, beaten down by the elements and looking for sustenance.  I'm really happy we did.After leaving Varga not a few minutes before because they weren't serving food (Calendar Party), our hopeless faces said to the nice hostess at Varga, "where should we eat."  She suggested, you could go to Valanni.  My eyes lit up.  "I've never been there!" I exclaimed.  Off trudging through the rivers on Spruce Street we went.We were seated near the window in one of the their oval shaped booths.  I enjoyed this seating arrangement because it allows you to sit very close to the person you're with.  Whether that's a good or bad thing all depends on your particular situation.With the awful weather, I was in a gin mood.  My dining partner selected the Ecstasy which I tasted and I wasn't a fan of.  We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, grilled merguez and the spanikopita.  All of these entrees completely  and utterly hit the spot.  The lobster mac had ginormous pieces of lobster in it (large claw pieces) and the bechamel was held together by both small crab meat and jumbo lump.  Simply stunning.For dessert, we selected the bread pudding which came a la mode.  While the ice cream was a bit melted, the bread pudding was delicious and I was happy with the selection.  It was also a small enough portion so I didn't feel overly stuffed after said meal.Our waiter was very nice, and attentive to all of our dining needs.  The design and decor of the restaurant is very lively and I can certainly see myself returning here for drinks and bites.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,6/7/2012,182,603,,7,5>I just recently made it to this location of the Yards brewery.  I was a big fan of the Kensington spot in college and had a glorious day there with my friends complete with drinking lots of PYNK, and having pizza delivered to a bar across the street, but I digress...Yards has been in this larger more centrally located warehouse for awhile.  There's a large bar area when you walk in complete with shuffleboard and pool.  We did the tour and enjoyed our tour guide.  Also, we got to learn about all the green initiatives they have going, including feeding a lot of the leftover grain to buffalo out in Telford.  Unfortunately, I really didn't see any buffalo on the menu.  They should really publicize that more.  You don't get a ton of free beer to drink, but you can buy flights, and get a pretty cheap draft, so I'm a fan.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/6/2012,169,704,3,12,9>I reviewed them exactly a year ago, and they were my favorite Indian restaurant then.  A year later, they still got it!I feel they deserve the long review treatment from me now.  I took the wife there tonight for my birthday, as well as my mom.  Now, my wife is the Indian food expert being from Mumbai, but this is really only the third time my Philly born  mom has had Indian food.  So if this place pleases her, I figure it can please anyone.  We did order everything mild to go easy on Mom though.  The wife and I like some kick to the food.  The key is of course whether or not the food can still be great without the extra kick.  Just about every dish I've ever had there is among the best anywhere.  So the challenge was to make it good tonight on the mild side.We got three appetizers and passed them around, the Vegetable Pakora, the Aloo Tikki Chaat, and the Reshmi Kabob.  The pakora is definitely among the best out there. The chaat was perfect with just the right amount of tang to it.  The kabob was slightly dry but still tasted good.  Indian kabobs aren't often juicy though from my experience.  So for the meal, we split up some Chicken Korma, Chicken Makhani, Shrimp Karahi, and Vegetable Biryani with a basket of Garlic Naan.  The only dish that mildly disappointed anyone at the table was the Shrimp Karahi.  It wasn't that it was bad, it just tasted like the shrimp didn't belong in that dish.  I've had Chicken Karahi before with much better results.  Of course, that dish probably needed the kick to be interesting, and we ordered it mild, so I will give the pass.  I'm sure it is much better with some punch to it.  The Makhani and Korma was as good as anything I've had in the area, and went well being poured over the biryani.  And the naan... well, it's fresh baked naan.  It's going to be awesome as long as it is done right.  It was, of course.  A little dessert was in order.  Mom enjoyed the Kheer, and the wife and I split some Gulab Jamun.  Probably good to split it since we didn't want to get too full.  Perfect ending, I must say.  And they still have the best Mango Lassi I've ever had.  I finished mine before the food even came to the table. Service can be slow.  But you get over it once the food arrives.  Yes, I will say that even on the mild side, this place puts out an excellent meal.  Of course my wife loved it, and Mom loved it too.  Still the best in the area, and no one has beaten them yet!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,6/5/2012,1094,689,5,12,6>"WTF is that?"That was a question I asked myself a lot here. My personal experience is very limited when it comes to art/sculpture, but I actually had a lot of fun seeing all of the unique and obscure exhibits this place offers.  The weather was absolutely perfect for a stroll around the park and we took our time looking at everything (indoors and out) while taking a lot pictures.  I love the random and expansive layout with paths zig-zagging around sculptures, through bamboo and around the lake.  Fortunately, it wasn't very crowded and pleasantly quiet, minus the couple groups of annoying students and wandering peacocks.We stopped by Rat's Restaurant for lunch (separate review) before finishing our self-guided tour.  You can easily spent a couple of hours here if you really want to wander all around and see everything, which is all part of the experience.Helpful Hints: $12 admission for adultsPark is closed Mondays and most Federal Holidays. Gates open at 10:00 a.m.Stop by the visitor center for a map and brief video, if interestedTake your time and enjoy!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/4/2012,245,509,4,6,4>I'm a freelancing, self-employed fancy pants gal, but I moonlight as an arts and crafts teacher because my martha outlet just needs a dose of mod podge now and then. My boss at the arts and crafts ranch is swell. So swell she invited us to a holiday party at the north bowl. I used to bowl when I worked in pharma on a league. I loved it. I kinda grew up in a bowling alley. My mother played on a ladies league and they had a babysitter room where I could peek out and hear the crashing of pins and the triumphant peals of joy from my mother. Then one of my friends from the babysitting room used to always have bowling parties. Which imho were always better than rollerskating. I suck at rollerskating something horrid. Which is tragic because I would love to be a roller girl in my spare time. SO back to the bowl. It was fun. A great place for coworkers to further make fun of each other. Especially our boss. We had a ton of the varieties of tots. Oh these tots make sonics tots look like...well sonics tots. So delicious. Try the breakfast ones with the fried egg on top....soooo yum. Then after a good hearty scrubbing of the hands we had our staff meeting and dinner. For a group of ten or so where several were vegetarians and or picky the menu suited everyone. B, M and I shared the buffalo mac and cheese which had us all trying to poke the other with a fork to share. It was a fun time and I look forward to going back. What was even more fun was the walk back to the El, with my quasi-coworkers. It was really just a great night!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,6/3/2012,87,155,5,7,5>I'm madly in love with the free stevia plant I received as well as the apple mint plant and bamboo and green tea soap that I purchased last night. I made a mean cup of  hot tea with the mint and stevia plants and named it delish. I showered with the bamboo and green tea soap and could be found sniffing myself throughout the day. This may be TMI, but I was quite fresh and smelled like a flower pretty much all day.Urban Jungle was a really neat place. One day, when I have a big yard, I'm coming here to populate and decorate it.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,6/2/2012,96,186,5,4,5>"I want to live here." - Mike, a former NF regular in his youth. NIFTY FIFTY'S IS GREAT. Stopped in around midnight on our way home from a block party in the greater Northeast for my first FOURTHMEAL in like three years. I used to do a lot of eating after midnight, but once I became a real human with a real job it all kind of came to an end. Settled into a booth, among a couple of scattered groups our fellow young people, and one older couple with mullets that looked like they had been posted up for a few hours. The menu here is excellent. So many sodas! So many milkshakes! A big non-alcoholic beverage fan, I was close to getting a cherry vanilla soda, but was convinced by my partner in life to get a milkshake. I went for a marshmallow milkshake and it was basically the most delicious item of food or drink I've had in a long time. And, for reasons I cannot explain with human words or sounds, I went with an order of onion rings with cheese, with a side of ranch. Fat people food. Going to be farting the next day food. Damn the torpedoes. They were really delicious, but I couldn't finish all of them nor could I finish my milkshake. I like the vibe here. Like this is probably a shitty place to work, but everyone there is mad unofficial looking and young so it doesn't seem so bad and no one is in a bad mood, even though they're at work at midnight on a Saturday. I want to go back.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,6/1/2012,828,1172,3,8,7>El Bar is a cool dive with plenty of endless possibilities. I mean what other bar out there lets you pick up a happy meal that includes 2 hot dogs, a PBR pounder, and a toy for 5 bucks?The PBR and shot specials flow endlessly throughout this chill spot that lies under the El. But they also have a rotating Beer of the Month specials and a variety of drinks that go well above the average dive. But the best part of the El Bar is the eclectic offerings that you'll come across on any given night. Its small stage showcases plenty of random punk rock shows throughout the night. Foo Truck has started showing up on special nightly occasions giving you a chance to enjoy delicious yet healthy wraps and veggie offerings. With a table top Mrs. Pac Man, random arcade games, and ample -PINBALL ALERT- it provides some good drunken video game moments. And you'll find plenty of subtle perks like a decent happy hour, and a cool outdoor courtyard.So when it comes down to it, El Bar is clearly a dive that gives you more to love!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,5/31/2012,212,160,9,10,8>Fun times, most definitely.Post Opa elite and many a fool wanted to shake their booty up the street at Time; luckily, the biggest fool of the night got distracted by a shiny piece of tinfoil blowing down the sidewalk and, when she saw two strangers inside Bar, immediately went in to say hello. Score for sweaty Emmett, because dancing here is strictly prohibited and the AC was working quite well.Fast forward to ten minutes later and the strangers have been scared away (the only two customers in Bar's bar until we arrived that very late Monday night), so naturally I felt it was our duty to pick up where they left off. A bounty of canned beer in the fridgamidors (many of which I not only never heard of, but couldn't pronounce either), robust pints of the hard stuff for a fin, and Kill Bill Vol. 2 on the boob tube meant this guy was happy, but the crew of yelp all-stars were what really kept me from being annoyed at the flitting about of my re-re sister.Bar seems a very cool and spacious spot, even though I didn't see the upstairs (gravity isn't worth defying after so much booze); there is just something about barrooms bedecked in wood that always makes me feel very comfortable wasting away the hours. Another bonus worth mentioning was that the bathrooms were fairly clean. All antics having run their course, as well as Uma breaking one last heart, and the establishment was ready to close, so the night of fun came to an end. I don't think this is the last time I will be caught in Bar (not a bar, goof, The Bar. Seriously, think about who you're dealing with), because it felt right up my alley, but I'll need to see how I handle a more crowded night before I make final judgments.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,5/30/2012,40,71,2,6,3>Definitely up there in the "Best Meals I've Ever Had" category for both myself and my dining companion.  (I'm actually quite surprised at some of these negative reviews.)  We sat at the bar, and our service was everything we could have wanted.  Our bartender chatted with us, was polite and knowledgeable and was there for everything we needed, while masterfully mixing beautiful cocktails with layers of complexity.  They were offering a $32 four-course menu, which I felt was even underpriced for the food I got.  I noticed other reviews complaining about prices a la carte, and, just so we're clear, this was an expensive meal, but it was worth every cent.  The frisee, bacon and egg salad was a perfect balance of salty and tangy - something I think I would probably be happy to eat for every meal for the rest of my life.  Taleggio and mushroom crepe was earthy and delicious, and the shrimp with chilis were large, spicy and succulent.Then came the chicken.  Ohhhh, the chicken.  The chicken that will surely be one of those dishes that I crave, that I dream about.  You wouldn't think that a place like a.kitchen would serve fried chicken and probably be even less likely to order it.  This is a major can't miss though - it's unbelievably juicy with a crunchy coating that's not too thick and little bits of perfectly crispy/creamy foie gras that somehow crazily pairs beautifully with the chicken.  My dining companion ordered the chicken and was stingy with sharing, and my prix-fixe came with the lamb bolognese.  I'm sure it was great, but I didn't really remember anything after tasting the chicken.  Actually, not true, the bolognese was wonderful - beautiful ribbons of pasta with meaty sauce that I'd kill to know how to make - even so, if there were a commandment about coveting thy neighbor's chicken, I'd be guilty as charged.We don't usually do dessert, but the savory dishes were so fantastic, we just had to see what the kitchen could whip up in the sweet department.  Pound cake and goat cheese cake were above average but not as outstanding as the other dishes.  The banana ice cream was the star though, a miracle of gastronomy that packed so much banana flavor into one creamy scoop.  We will most definitely be back...for chicken.  And to try out brunch, which, from the menu, looks like it'd be amazing as well.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,7/15/2008,198,334,4,13,7>When going here be ready to unleash your inner carnivore. Vegetarians beware! Especially if you are sensitive to seeing large pieces of often rare meat on skewers.  The waiter service was excellent. Our waiter was very friendly & well spoken, our glasses were never more than half empty for over 30 seconds and he exchanged any plates which became too messy. The meats were all well cooked (depending on how you like your meat cooked but they are more then happy to bring you any type or prep of meat you wanted.) The fillet mignon was wonderful, by far the favorite of our group. I was impressed with the quality of the salad bar as well. The presentation is nice and it was constantly being restocked with fresh ingredients. One small complaint on the decor though. The decor is beautiful with impressive walls full of wine. However the ceilings are very high, while this gives the restaurant a great look it allows all the noise of all the diners to echo around the room and compound the noise level, killing any ambiance. My only other gripe is the price tag, but then I guess the bite to the wallet is a good deterrent from visiting the place too often. Dining like this is one of the many things that makes me wish I lived downtown.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,7/13/2008,69,114,10,9,7>Whahhh??? None of you bitches have been to Cheeburger Cheeburger?!?!This place is tied for first for burger chains in my book - right up there with In-N-Out.  It's like In-N-Out in that it's a small chain, and in these parts apparently NOT KNOWN.  I might commit sacrilege and say that it's actually BETTER than In-N-Out (don't smack me!) because they have a bigger menu and better fries.  (Lets face it - Out's fries suck.)  And their milkshakes are reason alone to head to this place.The ambiance is...themey.  It's got the whole 50s diner thing going on.  At first glance you'll think the Easter Bunny threw up in there - pastel walls, pink lighting, turquoise chairs.  But once your eyes have adjusted, you'll notice it's PACKED.  Granted, with what appears to be about 5 kindergarten classes and their "chaperones" - but this isn't Chuck-E-Cheese fare - the burgers are for realz.  They are famous for their 20oz monster burger (called The Pounder - a misnomer - obviously weight has been adjusted to meet 21st Century America's expectations for mo bigger junk food) and if you finish it, your picture will be placed on the "Wall of Fame" with the other 10 year olds who accomplished the feat.  I myself go for the "Semi-Serious", a modest 1/3 lb (ok, 7oz) and then rationalize that with the calories saved I can gorge on fries and a large shake.  They have TONS of toppings so you can customize to your exact liking.  (hmm...banana peppers?  Or jalepenos?  How much do I want to feel this later?)  Save room for their "Best of Both" basket of fries and rings, and then choose from one of many sauces.  Wash down with one of like 50 milkshakes on the menu or create your own out of a zillion different ingredients to choose from. They make them fresh with real ice cream.  The Chocolate Banana Peanut Butter usually wins out, but I need to mix it up a bit, I know.  OK.  I know where I'm having lunch tomorrow...
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,7/12/2008,32,45,5,5,7>Let me make this absolutely clear, as to protect the innocent:Mom, I love you.  And I L-O-V-E your homemade macaroni 'n cheese.And to the SPTR chef who makes his/her own version of the splendorous dish, I simultaneously love and hate you for it.  It's way too delicious for its own good, and you've forced me to question my beloved mother's number 1 status for mac 'n cheese.  You really should be ashamed of yourself.  I'll be back for more.SPTR has an admirable array of draught beers, not all to my particular liking, but definitely hitting all the marks for variety of pales, lagers, barley wines and stouts.  There's something for everyone.  Unless you're a person who doesn't like beer.  Or decent mac 'n cheese.  Or good hearty food of any kind.  Then you wouldn't be coming to a place called a Tap Room to begin with, would you?
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,7/11/2008,39,19,7,9,8>"James" has become an adjective for me and my wife, as in when we go to other restaurants and we ask eachother if their entree is "James good."  The answer is rarely yes.  There is too much to love about this restaurant.  The food, most importantly, is exceptional.  They have two chicken items, one at the bar and one for the dining room, each of which takes the relatively pedestrian dish to new heights.  I have taken many friends and relatives here, and always suggest the Poulard.  They all agree that it is the best bird they have ever tasted.  The chef has a way of combining flavors that most would not consider, like the truffle and lemon soup which boggles the mind.  Each of the American cheeses on the cheese plate are delicious and paired with a perfect condiment. Also of note is the bartender, Theo, who infuses his own gin, vodka, whiskey and rum to create the house cocktails.  While I am a traditionalist at the bar, usually opting for a straight up gin martini, Theo continually turns me on to something modern.  The strawberry, tequilla lemonade is delicious, but my favorite of any of them is the Gin Bug, which is a mint and cucumber Hendricks martini.The hostess/sous chef/co-owner Kristina has done a remarkable job decorating and creating a warm, welcoming atmosphere featuring local artists.  The only recurring complaint on Yelp is that the prices are a little high, but I feel that they are justified in the quality of food and overall experience.  Do yourself a favor and make a reservation soon.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,7/10/2008,79,118,5,9,7>No one has ever reviewed Jeannie's!! No worries though, I've got your back Jeannie. This is a classic mom and pop deli tucked away in Ardmore. I frequently play the game "find the best breakfast sandwich" when I'm bored on any given weekend, and Jeannie's does it for me. It's small and quaint but damn do they have good stuff. So go- and try their bacon egg and cheese on a bagel, you won't regret it!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,7/9/2008,72,10,2,9,8>Warm, cute, cozy, hip, trendy, relaxed, friendly and unintimidating, Juju is the best.  Oh, and by the way, it's eco-friendly, which helps to ease the pangs of guilt felt by suburbanites who undoubtedly contribute to the environmental crisis by burning a quarter tank of gas in traffic on the Schuykill Expressway just for a haircut, albeit an amazing one.   Camille is a DOLL, genuinely sweet and caring, distinctively beautiful, and extremely talented.  I love her sense of style and she will win your trust immediately.  Juju is not the typical everyone-must-look-identical-in-head-to-toe-black-­with-a-splash-of-white, cold, stuffy, stark salon....it is ecclectic, comfy, artsy and free, thus allowing the creative JuJu-ices to flow.  It's feel-good, down-to-earth, easy and fun, and worth filling up the tank for another trip.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,7/8/2008,67,46,5,11,9>A hidden gem amongst University City food trucks, Viva Las Vegans serves up an incredible healthy and animal free fast food experience. A favorite is the Big D which is basically a meat free Big Mac with two soy patties, soy bacon, vegan cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles and special sauce. I'm also a fan of the crispy chicken sandwich and french fries that are fried in canola oil. Most sandwiches are around $5 based on what toppings you add (cheese, bacon, jalapenos).On occasion there is a great assortment of baked goods including double chocolate chip cookies, chai cupcakes and chocolate banana bread. Drinks include Perrier and a variety of Izze sodas also soy milkshakes in vanilla, chocolate and Butterfinger.Let's not forget that the girl who runs the truck is friendly and incredibly cute. Even if you're not a vegetarian or vegan (I'm not) I think you'll enjoy Viva Las Vegans. Give it a try!Update: I'm review of the day, hope the Vegan truck gets a lot of business now! Just wanted to point out that they are on 33rd between Market and Chestnut right outside the Drexel library.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,7/6/2008,1014,321,19,20,12>Dear Dr. Cirka's office:Thank you for straightening my teeth and never making fun of my overbite.  Thank you for cleaning my teeth without making me cry. Thank you for remembering my name, never making me wait for endless hours, and taking me as an emergency appointment when I chipped my tooth. You rule the world of dentistry.  The only thing that is not perfect about your office is that "Dentline" show that is constantly on in the waiting room.  The "Before" pics of people with advanced gum disease and fifty years of smoking make me extremely queasy.  There is no where to get away from those frightening images.  Put Dr. Phil or sports on the flatscreen, 'kay?Love, Felicia and all her teeth
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,7/5/2008,161,111,,7,7>This is the place to go for the *best bang for the buck* sushi in Center City. Their rolls are very decent for the price... just don't expect it to be Morimoto quality. For 10 bucks, you can get 3 rolls. You can choose from the standard rolls (california rolls, spicy tuna rolls, etc.) or some specialty rolls. They also have some cheap appetizers. All in all, you can be stomach happy for less than 15 dollars. The only bad thing about this place is that it's really small, with only about half a dozen seats or so. Many people just order take out. Simply put, if you want some inexpensive, good quality sushi, stop by Vic's!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,7/4/2008,94,128,5,8,5>Oh, Dock Street.  There's a lot of love and a lot of hate in these reviews, so I'm gonna break it down into pros and cons:Pros:*The food is always incredible.  Well worth any wait.  Those who are hating on the pizza seem not to have tried the Flammenkuche.*The beer is nothing short of amazing.  In particular I recommend the Espresso Stout.  It's rich but with a smooth, slightly sweet finish.*The music is always enjoyable AND entertaining.  (Flaming Lips, Wilco, The Walkmen...)*The decor is excellent--perfectly dim lighting, a ceiling bright with perforated tapestries in bold colors, the ambiance of being in an old firehouse, the exposed vats in the back...*(See my New Years' story at the end. :) )Cons:*The waitstaff are just a little too tragically hip.  (though this isn't too much of a con, since the hipster quotient is balanced by the 'painfully attractive' quotient.)*Service is slow, often because they're understaffed....that's all I've got for the cons.  I honestly love the place.I went there on New Year's Eve for dinner, and as you might expect, they were understaffed.  In fact, the only people working were ToniVictoria (best waitress ever), and the manager.  They worked with incredible speed (i.e. It was no slower than usual, despite the shortage of workers), they gave us free beer, and ToniVictoria was cheerful and accomodating--cracking jokes and smiles every time she passed our table-- despite the fact that she was covering 3/4 of the restaurant on New Year's Eve.  In a situation where most people would have trouble simply being civil, she was completely gracious and attentive and managed to make sure our food was prepared perfectly.Every time I go to Dock Street, I leave feeling full, satisfied, and buzzed from their completely awesome beer.  What more do you need to know?
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,12/7/2007,23,146,,6,3>Small-town dinerish joint run by cool folks. Crispy potatoes, good omelets (often of the daily-special variety, such as shrimp/asparagus, blue cheese, etc.), friendly service, and the real kicker: amazingly rich, perfectly brewed coffee. THE place to go for breakfast if you happen to find yourself in lovely Media, Pennsylvania.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,12/6/2007,29,99,10,1,3>I quite liked this place, save for the odd couple next to us that featured a woman reading the menu to a man who wasn't blind.  They were on a first date.  It was super odd.  I made up a whole back story for them.  -------------------------------You see, this guy, Jake, was on Match.com and had used a picture he found on the internet in his profile; the guy in the pic had some handsome glasses on.  In his random emailing back and forth with various women (including Laurie, currently seated across from him), he had mentioned in response to a question that he had terrible vision (false) and was a little frightened of the laser surgery (also false).  324 emails later, he finally is out to dinner with Laurie at Nectar.She thought the glasses looked great on him (she secretly had a fetish for bookish types with horn-rimmed glasses, they reminded her of her late father) and was disappointed to see that he arrived at her place without them (and that he appeared significantly older and uglier in person).  After driving off towards Nectar, she asked him why he wasn't wearing his glasses.  Panicked, he said he broke them and didn't have a spare set handy, and didn't want to be late for their date.  Jake went on to tell her how he braved the switchback roads of Ardmore and Villanova near-blind to get her.  She made him pull over, offering to drive to the restaurant.Cut to them at the next table, Laurie reading the details of the Seafood Bento Box to Jake, who squinted in fake-blindness and told her how sexy her voice was.  As she was explaining the sauce that came with the striped bass, he stopped her and told her to just order for him. Later that night, Jake kept up the blind rouse and ended up coming up to Laurie's place to "sleep on the couch".  The next morning, after Jake gathered his things and drove home, Laurie pondered whether or not Jake really had bad vision, recalling times of supposed nearsightedness and farsightedness and the general inconsistency of his story.  Ordinarily, she would have felt violated and embarrassed by this deceit.  But he did take her to Nectar...--------------------Not Hemingway, I know, but it's what I came up with on short notice.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,12/5/2007,78,280,7,7,6>I go here for three things:  Amish cole slaw, cheap name-brand shoes, and pinball.More of a flea market than a farmer's market; The Booths Corner Farmer's Market is significantly cleaner and far less inbred than the New Castle Farmer's Market.   I need to shower and disinfect after returning home from the New Castle Farmers Market; but after Booths Corner I merely feel the need to simply wash my hands (albeit thoroughly).They have a zillion shops ranging from Amish produce and meats to a supremo-mega-discount store where you can buy a 6-pack of condoms and a flying skull-head Halloween decoration for like two bucks (a surefire combination to woo your Delaware girl).  They also have a pretty impressive shoe store with Doc Martens, Clarks, and some other brands you've actually heard of, but at Payless prices.  If you go waaaay in the back of the place, you'll find their arcade with an impressive assortment of (maybe 6 or 7?) pinball machines, which includes F-14 Tomcat, Demolition Man, and some others that I can't think of now because I am lame and forgetful.  Either way, they were in decent shape, and it made me proud of this little farmer's market.Go there.  They've got plenty of parking, and plenty of cole slaw.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,12/4/2007,17,122,,5,5>I love coming to the Reading Terminal Market for lunch.  My favorite places are the Little Thai Market, where my favorite dish is the salmon with a creamy red curry sauce that is delicious.  I also enjoy the 12th Street cantina, where everything they serve is yummy, but I epecially enjoy the chicken mole soft taco platter with your choice of rice, beans or salad.    No matter what you are in the mood for, the Reading Terminal probably has it.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2007,12/3/2007,17,128,1,4,4>I used to go to Penang a lot until Banana Leaf opened.And ever since, I come here so often that the waiters recognize me. Friendly bunch of people here!The food here is all good. Haven't had anything that I didn't like. Its your typical malaysian fare and I've tried soooooo many all over the country. And Banana Leaf is not lacking.And I love it that they are open late.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,12/1/2007,10,64,2,5,3>Superb little tea shop offering a slick but laid-back environment for enjoying hot and cold tea concoctions, including the now-standard pearl/bubble and latte offerings. "Fizzes" are often-fruity herbal or tea infusions with sparkling water, fascinating alternatives to the usual soda. There's also basic food, which I haven't yet tried.Their bulk loose leaf tea list hits all the high points of tea, with large, quality tea leaves as the base. (A lot of blended teas have low-grade "tea dust.") Tea-ware and tea-related retail offerings round out the mix. The staff is tremendously friendly: the owner was quite happy to compare notes on her favorite tea spots around the country. She's now opened one of my favorites.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2007,11/30/2007,32,73,7,1,2>The kiwi is a consistent favorite.  Bittersweet chocolate is also a winner.  I had a good experience with bananas foster.  Friends enjoy the wildflower and honey and Thai coconut milk.  I like the baci (chocolate with hazelnut).It's so good. I've never spent so long trying to decide which flavors to pick.The other night we went out to a bar and I saw the girl who scooped our gelato there.  It was weird.  It's like when you're in second grade and you see your teacher at the grocery store and you're like, whaaat? Don't you live at school?
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/4/2007,11/29/2007,165,328,12,6,5>I'm from San Francisco, so I had only heard about the Chinatown buses. About the price wars and the shoot outs between competing companies and the freeway accidents where buses have flipped over. So lucky me on this recent trip to the East Coast to visit my cousins, we arranged to take the Chinatown bus to go to New York City for the weekend. Whooolawd.The service is what you'd expect if you're paying $20 for a round-trip bus ticket. You're guaranteed to get to your destination and that's about it. Seriously. You want assigned seats? You want orderly service? You want to know what the hell is going on? No such luck, buddy. You're paying minimum prices for the bare minimum of service. You get a bus that leaves every hour/half hour and gets you to your destination in good time.That's not a bad thing if you can handle it. If you're high maintenance, fugitaboutit.For non-Chinese speaking riders, be prepared to be in the dark when the drivers and ticket takers scream at each other in Cantonese.For small bladders, be prepared to pee before your board. You do NOT want to go in there.For those with issues with personal space, be prepared to be squished and shoved as the departing crowd bum rushes the bus and attempts to all board the bus at the same time. You'd think this was the last helicopter out of Vietnam with the way these people behave. (Or maybe it's just the brash East Coast attitude that my hippie-dippie West Coast attitude isn't use to.) For complainers, be prepared to shut up and tell yourself you are getting what you pay for. Cheap fare + different culture norms + quantity (of tickets sold) not quality (of service) = sit back and enjoy the show.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2007,11/28/2007,257,1564,3,4,3>The line for Jim's snakes around the block (wow, somehow in the past my random yearly visit is during a slow hour).  I've got a tourist in town who wants a cheesesteak (she's visited before, so the best isn't necessary).  We head to Steaks on South.The line is MUCH shorter.  The staff are exactly what we're looking for: local Philly guys who hustle to make your food as soon as possible, will help you with your order, but are really just there to keep the line moving.  They answer the same questions every two minutes but manage to keep it together.  Nice guys, but not there to chat.  They even smiled.  We got our food quickly.  It was good.Steaks were not too greasy, decent bread, good stuff.  Unlike some other steak places, we were able to get fries instead of potato chips.  The music was straight out of the 70s (was that an entire Eric Carmen album?).  It was just awful enough to keep us from lingering, which is probably what you want when you run a cheesesteak emporium on South Street.It was just what we needed, without all the hassle of the other places. We shared a regular cheesesteak (w/provolone) and fries.  We left full.  It wasn't Jim's, but it was much more pleasant than waiting 45 minutes.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,11/27/2007,106,76,3,6,7>In a one-two punch, my ever-delightful Sunday companion and I hit up both Capogiros in a single afternoon (punctuated only by visits to the Mutter and the local penitentiary).  We sampled 19 of Capogiro's summertime flavors.  Note that their sorbetto tends to be a bit tarter, sweeter, and more crystalline than their gelato counterparts.  And the gelato tends to be smoother, unctuous, less cloying, and far better textured.  Sigh!  Such is the nature of the more decadent vices ...GELATO (in order of deliciousness):5-STARS:*  Chocolate AmarenaSexy minx!  This is the flavor equivalent of Monica Belluci.  Think big hips in a tight skirt.  Foamy.  Juicy.  Voluptuous.  Slinking with just-bitter-enough chocolate, stopped by lusty hunks of cherry.  I was drooling into my cup, skeeved out by my own vulgarity.  Hold me.*  Salted Bitter AlmondNeither bitter nor salty, but vividly, very specifically, almond.  Could use more of the Marconas for crunch.  Texture of the gelato is a fluffy cloud.  Think cold, creamy marshmallow.4-STARS*  Nocciola Piemontese (Hazelnut)Toasty nuttiness.  Would pair well with something chocolatey.*  Cioccolato MexicanoChocolate gelato with a punchy ending:  ancho chili and chipotle powder.  If ice cream could taste dry, this would be it.  Hints of almond. *  Rosemary Honey Goat's Milk Creamy, smooth and distinctly rosemary-ish.  Sadly, the honey and goat's milk are undetectable.*  MokaCalls to mind the sharp bitterness of coffee beans but with none of the grit.  Overwhelming on its own but would probably pair well with something creamy and subtle.3.5-STARS*  Dulce de LecheLuscious but just too sweet.  A sprinkling of fleur de sel would make this crazy-good.*  Strawberry ZabaglioneOozy creaminess, but not enough strawberry to live up to its name.3-STARS*  PistachioToo faint.*  Turkish CoffeeFlavorless.  No suggestion of coffee, or any other spice for that matter.*  Honey NasturtiumIndistinct; tastes like nothing.SORBETTO (in order of deliciousness):4.5-STARS:*  Lime Cilantro:Brisk and refreshing.  Cilantro rounds out and highlights the lime's inherent peppery notes.  Lime Cilantro Sorbetto makes for an insane vodka float:  two vices in one!*  Fragola con Tarragon (Strawberry Tarragon):Nice!  The hint of anise brings forth the sweet-tartness of the berry.4-STARS:*  Lychee:Peppy!  Tart enough, but a tad too sweet.*  Grapefruit Campari:Vibrant.  Distinct bittersweetness of grapefruit.3-STARS:*  Dark and Stormy (Lemon and Ginger):Too tart.  Ginger is undetectable.*  Strawberry PernodDistinctly berryish with hints of anise.  This one is less lovely than the Strawberry Tarragon in that it's a shade too treacly.*  Uva Rossa (Grape)Refreshing, but a tad too sweet 'n subtle.  Grapey in the way a muscadet would be.*  Champagne Mango:Understated.  (Bent Spoon in Princeton, NJ has a livelier version of a mango sorbetto.)
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,4/4/2011,268,273,4,10,4>What can I say about Minado? I have a coworker who lives in the city and takes TWO septa buses to get out here. That is the kind of dedication that Minado patrons have.This place can't be beat - on the one side you've got the sushi and sashimi spread, and on the other you've got the hot and cold Japanese/Chinese buffet. This is not a steam tray style buffet. This is first class foods like crispy pork tenderloin, delicately steamed bok choy, salmon teriyaki skewers and crab corn cakes. And those are just a few of the items available!They also have a crepe/hot soup bar but I have never had the room to fit that in. I usually save a little room for dessert though. The green tea ice cream is very good, and I especially enjoy the cookie selections as well as all of the healthy sliced fruits. The bill can be a bit pricey with lunch at $19 and dinner a few dollars more, but if you come hungry, you will get your money's worth.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,4/3/2011,88,407,5,5,4>Wow, how can I possibly write a critique of Calloways, a restaurant I've been to more times than I have been to my own house? This is like trying to write a review of a parent: sure, everyone has their flaws, but emotional attachment precludes cold, rational analysis. I will do my best, though, so here goes.Calloways, especially now that it is smoke free, is equal parts restaurant and bar. The large dining room is perfect for families, couples, or big groups, and there is a bar area for those who prefer that. They have a large beer selection, but the real reason to come here is the food, and more specifically, the food specials. The wings are absolutely spectacular, as are the spanish fries and nachos. They have great food specials every night after 9pm (and Sundays after 8), everything ranging from buy-one/get-one apps through specials on wings and beer. I should also note that they have very good lunch deals.I'm pretty sure that there was a week when my friends and I came here every single night and took advantage of every special offered. You can either take that as a ringing endorsement of the caliber of Calloways or as affirmation that I am the cheapest man alive, your call. Anyway, if you are in the area and are looking for a low-key, delicious meal with an accompanying beer, this is your place.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/2/2011,439,341,4,5,6>Really, just genuinely good, filling without being heavy, food. Dinner out with at least one friend requires the ordering of the crispy spring rolls, I don't know whether we like the rolls better or the pickled carrots as we fight for the last of each every time.After greasy spring rolls, I tend to veer toward lighter fare. My go-to is always the won-ton soup loaded with every last bean sprout on the plate and an extra squeeze of lime. My companion for tonight's rendezvous ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli (which he pronounces with a "ch"....the Italian in him that he just can't shake). He never really deviates from his order, I don't really either, but after watching order after order of the flaming volcano cocktail brought out to tables, am thinking that I need to get back there and expand my palate in the realm of cuisine and cocktail.This restaurant is always crowded, a surefire sign that it's got a little something special going on. I say, 5-stars "woohoo! as good as it gets"...or in Charlie Sheen's words "WINNING!"
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,3/31/2011,162,175,10,8,7>I've been here twice, both times with a similar outcome:Came in for a drink (like, one or two MAX) and left having had three or four.That's what happens when pitchers of margarita are half price during Happy Hour.We also had the veggie wings and some sort of ridiculous hot dog. Both ruled.And of course, I thought the bartender (in training?) was cute. I need to be kept in captivity and told to shut up.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,3/30/2011,44,155,7,12,8>This is my new favorite lunch place.  I'm a big fan of the "box" lunch - you get a choice of sandwich, choice of side, a deviled egg and choice of upcake - which is basically an upside down cupcake.  I have had both the Thanksgiving and Veggie sandwiches.  They are both wonderful.  The T-sand is on this incredible bread called a "Sally Lunn roll."  This roll has the taste and texture of unsweetened cake.  If I didn't make that sound good here, it is.  Like several reviewers noted previously, the potato salad is wonderful.  This is one of the only places in this area you will find good home-style potato salad.The upcakes are good.  I have tried Pistachio, Toasted Almond and Chocolate with chocolate icing.  The Pistachio and Toasted Almond were a bit dry - dare I say - stale.  The Chocolate on chocolate was TO DIE FOR - moist and great chocolate flavor.  The one area I would comment as "room for improvement" is the deviled egg.  They are bland.  They seem like they just need some zip, perhaps fresh parsley, curry powder, or something...The box lunch concept is great.  Even if time permits only a dashboard picnic, it feels very gourmet and nutritious.  With my drink, the order has been $11 and change.  They also have a full breakfast menu - weekdays until 10:30 and weekends until 2 PM.  I have yet to try it, but the eggs Benedict are next on my list.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,3/29/2011,48,198,7,6,4>cafe estelle? more like cafe deliciousness.among the many things to rave about:* the house-made granola tastes like crumbled cookies* said granola is served with fruit salad, but not your typical boring melon-and-grapes mix -- we're talking freshly sliced peaches, pears, bananas, pineapple, etc.* a choice of up to four kinds of coffee at the self-serve coffee bar (and when you leave, they hand you a to-go cup in case you want to fill up for the road)* a big menu that features all the usual brunch staples but then kicks things up a notch (shirred eggs, fig-and-cream-cheese-stuffed french toast, a super-duper tomato stack accompanied by a "big-ass crouton")* a commitment to sustainable living and local, organic products* a bevy of very attractive servers and staffyou get my gist -- cafe estelle belongs in your regular rotation for many reasons. also, the dude behind the counter yesterday eyed my arrested development t-shirt and quickly busted out his best buster bluth impression -- a clear sign this place is run by good people!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,3/28/2011,4498,831,8,7,4>There was an MSG tanker truck parked outside.  They were using a huge hose to pump it into the restaurant.  There was a warning sign on the side of the truck. It had an overflowing plate of Chinese food and the words "More than six plates risks OD!"   What a great way to start our visit to the best Chinese buffet in the western burbs!This is truly a great buffet-First it's clean.  I mean really clean.  Everything is spotless.Next it's busy.  This means constant replenishment of the dishes so everything is always fresh.  Third, their service is great.  Drinks are filled and dirty plates are whisked away faster than you can say Moo Goo Gai Pan.  Fourth the buffet is huge.  Sushi, fried food, salads, veges, there truly is something for everybody.Finally it's cheap.   A weekend lunch is $7.99.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/27/2011,27,80,3,8,4>As I was drinking my coffee, I happened to glance over at something on the wall. It was a thumbtacked note, apparently left by a customer, and it read, "I love this place. I feel like I'm at home." I feel the same. It's super homey and cozy (read: tiny, with room for maybe less than 20 people) with exposed brick, art on the walls and lots of natural light. They allow dogs, and it doesn't have the lame hipster vibe of coffee places on Passyunk or Grindcore House farther south on 4th. Elizabeth B. and I both had a small medium roast coffee, which was served in a paper cup. Maybe they thought we were taking it to go? Either way, it was perfect. We didn't have anything to eat, but some of the stuff looked interesting if a bit pricey. ($7.50 for a hummus and avacado sandwich, for example. Maybe it was amazing?) Lots of vegetarian and vegan options, yay.Also, there was a cute older-ish guy there on his laptop wearing Doc Martens who caught my eye. So yeah, I like this place.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,3/26/2011,146,222,,13,7>Vegetarians in want of flavorful options without going to an all veggie joint, this is your place.  An impressive beer selection and servers who can confidently make solid recommendations is a plus.  Resurrection is great for brunch, late lunch and dinner -- you really can't go wrong.  There are always new seasonal additions to the menu, and several savory vegetarian options.For brunch last weekend I ordered the pumpkin and pear sandwich -- served open-faced with seasoned almonds and garlicky cooked greens over a slice of toasted fresh bread.  I should also mention the mammoth pile of shoestring fries & addictive curry dipping sauce that accompanied my sandwich.  My friend ordered the off-menu croque madame... describing it wouldn't do justice, but if you eat meat & want a rich brunch I'd recommend asking if it's available.For drinks she had a wheat beer mimosa & I tried their homemade bloody mary.  Didn't love the drink (too much juice, too little vodka), but that didn't stop me from finishing.  Go early & grab a seat at the window.  Service is laid back & friendly, but can get easily distracted if a crowd starts to form.  If you're uber needy go during off-peak hours to get the attention you seek.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,3/25/2011,180,143,4,15,6>This is my second review for Dr. Nick and his crew. I currently am on day 2 of a mouth that has one less tooth than I previously owned. And I haven't felt any pain during the surgery or after. In fact, I just feel emotionally elated that I don't have to worry about my tooth anymore.Dr. Nick had me numbed up and pulled that sucker out in 45 minutes. It was really a surgical extraction, which complicates things, but still - 45 minutes? and NO hint of pain OR discomfort? Dr. Nick is my hero. And he had me laughing the minute I sat down.          I can't offer enough praise to these people - the talent is evident in the end results - but it goes way beyond that. When an office makes you feel like a friend, like you are among friends, and sets you at ease and feel at home, that's pretty special. I feel well cared for - beyond business-type formalities - I feel like I matter to them. Now how many times have you left a doctor or dentist feeling like that?       I have less teeth. And I'm ok with that. Dr. Nick discussed my options with me, and this was the simplest, safest solution. And the best part? when I smile, you can't see the gaping chasm. More Milkshakes for me!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,4/9/2008,69,114,1,6,5>I too went here for the Unofficial Yelp Happy Hour (thanks Bill!)  Definitely 5 stars for the company. :-)What a great place!  In a converted fire house, they did a great job with the interior.  We were there on a Thursday, and even minus our large group, the place was pretty crowded.  The beer is good - I had the St. Albans (very interesting, but all set with just one), the pilsner, and the double bock.  Hubby had the stout.  The only pizza I tried was the Ole Dock Street, which had sausage, roasted red peppers and white beans.  It was good.  Not the best pizza, but I'm partial to extra thin crispy crust.  (Aren't we so particular about our pizza preferences??)  But great ambiance, pizza and beer - what's better than that??
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,4/8/2008,38,42,7,5,6>going here on a triple dinner date was quite nice on this nice spring-like night and i believe we got the only large table that could fit us all! it is a small place, so come early. it gets crowded fast due to the good food and cheap prices.there are plenty of veggie options and they do offer fish and meat for us carnivores like myself. yay!  but bring cash! cash only here. also, this place is byob. i started out with the thai tea. yums. the fresh spring rolls were just that, fresh! the veggie dumplings are delicious. whether you get sticky rice with sauteed lemongrass, shallots, and chicken or if you get curry soup and jasmine rice, there is sure to be something on this menu to please every mouth!the meal ended with fried banana with honey. of course, i was the only one that got dessert. the smallest girl at the table, but i always leave room for dessert! it's how i roll.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,4/7/2008,0,19,4,5,3>My brother said this was the freshest, best fish he had had outside of Tokyo. Plus the interior looks like the rec dec of the original starship Enterprise. The happy hour colored drinks are amazing- I challenge anyone to "drink the rainbow"! You can get 6 yellowfin tuna sushi for 6 bucks, so its a great snack with drinks. I just wish they had better beer- not the same old shitty Asahi. The $7 salads were huge! and get the dressing on the side, it was swimming in it.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,4/6/2008,144,305,5,9,7>I don't know what it is about Philly bike culture, but I constantly feel like a know-nothing dumbass.  I love my bike, and ride it several miles a day for my work commute and general errands when it's not the dead of winter.  But I've yet to have the time to devote to taking a DIY approach to my bike, and because of that, I constantly feel out of place.At Trophy, however, I don't feel like I'm being sized up when I walk in with my baby.  The clientele isn't made up entirely of pretentious West Philly fixed gear punks, and the staff takes a simple approach to finding and explaining any problems with your bike.  I don't feel stupid asking technical questions here where I might get laughed at elsewhere.Sure, it's on the pricey side - and why wouldn't they be, with their location next door to Penn.  But they do a great job, and that's all that matters to me.  Until I can head to the Bike Church for bike class, Trophy for a quick repair will suffice.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,4/5/2008,22,30,6,8,7>This is the best bowling alley I've ever been to.  Although it is a bit pricey ($5 to $6 a game), it's worth every penny.  This is the most unique bowling alley you will find in the city.  When you get a strike, clips of old PBA professionals performing celebratory dances will appear on your monitor.The music is fantastic.  You will hear a great mix of soul, 80's and rock.  If they held some sort of late night soul/bowling party I would assume I've died and gone to heaven.  The interior just blows me away.  Lots of exposed brick, antiques from the olden days of bowling and really cool Big Lebowski artwork.The selection of beers is nothing to write home about.  If I could, I would give the service ten stars.  The girls are extremely fast and attentive.  Plus, they are all extremely cute and hipsters, which I'm a total sucker for ("Oh, I see you're wearing cool nerdy glasses, will you marry me?")They have pool and video games on the 2nd floor, which is a nice little change-up if you're done with bowling.  I've been here when there were multiple parties going on and they seemed to be well taken care of.  I would definitely entertain the idea of throwing a party here in the future (Yelp event anyone??).One more thing...They have tater tots on the menu!  I feel like I'm back in 3rd grade at the lunch table, deciding which person to hit with spitballs!  If you're looking for a welcome change from the typical bowling experience, this is it.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/4/2008,6,10,5,8,6>If you don't live or work near Old Nelson, you're missing out on an excellent lunchtime stop.  The deli counter has a wide variety of delicious sandwiches and hoagies, so you can find something for even the pickiest eater, and their selection of drinks, chips, candies, and snacks is much better than a typical convenience store.Everyone there is friendly and welcoming, with none of the attitude you can find at some local eateries, and the service is very fast -- even with ten or twelve people waiting for sandwiches, it only takes a couple minutes.Sometimes I "forget" to pack a lunch, just so I can eat here.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2007,4/3/2008,410,73,2,10,10>betsy ross lived in such a quaint and dainty house. i remember taking a field trip here and actually paying attention during the tour. the house itself is fascinating being as that it is like 250 yrs old and still in basically pristine condition. i also love the 'bandbox' style of the house and how it has one room on each floor and a winding staircase stretching from the cellar to the upper levels. what is odd though is how its called her house when in fact she only actually lived here for a mere 12 years (1773 to 1785)
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,4/2/2008,4,18,2,9,7>If you're looking for soft pretzels in Philly, you need not look far.  On any block there is a store, street cart, or just a man with a box willing to sell you pretzels.  These pretzels may whet your appetite, but they are usually hours past their shelf life, and so they are cold and stale.Sadly, the soft pretzel really only has a shelf life of an hour, maybe two  hours depending on the temperature and humidity of the day.  The hour old pretzel and the fresh out of the oven pretzel are really two different animals.  That means to enjoy a soft pretzel you must get it right at the factory.  Luckily in Philly this can be done in several locations, Center City Pretzel being one of the them.Here you stand literally 10 feet away from the oven churning out a countless number of pretzels.  You can feel the heat blasting you in the face.  In between you and this machine is a man who will grab you the next row of pretzels and rip you off three of them for a dollar (if you buy more it can get as cheap as $0.19 each). The pretzels are so fresh you can't even hold them with your bare hands.  You wrap the pretzels in a piece of the brown paper bag you got them in and you slather on some of the free mustard.  Then you bite into the soft, piping hot pretzel taking note not to burn the roof of your mouth.  It is perfectly crunchy on the outside, soft but just chewy enough on the inside.Much like how a good loaf of bread is just wonderful, a fresh soft pretzel is also piece of culinary perfection.  To eat a soft pretzel in its full god intended glory is sadly something many people will never engage in.  If you are in or around philly you should try to get one.  If you're a tourist, soft pretzels scream Philly just as much as a cheese steak.  Go out and drink at The Royal Tavern, Dive Bar, or any of the other good bars around there.  Then, before you stumble home, make the two block walk for the best pretzel you may have ever had.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,4/1/2008,20,130,2,2,5>i love this bar. however, i dont drink so dont continue reading this review in hopes of it being helpful.i love this bar bc its dark but has enough bad lighting for good people watching. it has plenty of sad weirdos, tired business men/women, and kids who read NYLON to make the crowd interesting. music is good and loud. food is greasy. service is rude but in a good natured way. but my favorite thing about this bar are the placemats... yes, the placemats. they are made of paper with drawings of different drinks on them and the drinks' names. fantastic. i make people play the game "what drink am i thinking of?" with me while they're getting drunk. it's like "20 Questions" but you can only use the placemat drink drawings as a referrence. "Does it have a cherry in it?... Is it in a small glass?... Will it get me laid?".... and so on.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,3/31/2008,64,123,2,8,6>Dear god almighty - where do I start with this place?We went a couple of weeks ago for my bday. We had a group of 11 with us and we were seated right on time. I hit the insane salad bar - huge balls of fresh mozz - what must have been a 50 lbs wheel of parm and the best prosciutto I have ever had. Then it came time to turn the card to green...with in second I was bombarded by different cuts of meat on skewers. Being as how I consider the 4 food groups steak, chicken, beer and red wine - I was in heaven. The garlic beef was unreal ands the new beef ancho was amazing.  They bring a bunch of fried sides and mashed potatoes to the table - I didnt even bother with those  I was there for steak.  The wine list is extensive. There is a very good selection of Argentinian Malbec's which made me happy as it is my fav wine. All in all this might take the crown as my fav restaurant in Philadelphia.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,10/30/2010,134,84,9,8,10>A-mazing. I love their yogurt -- its on the thicker/creamier side, which is just my thing, and I don't mind that plain is their only flavor because thats the original froyo. Side note: while reading the other reviews, I was actually having an emotional response (emotion meaning annoyed/angry) to those who have issues with Yogorinos 1-perfect-flavor, price, and topping choices. Apparently, I am a purist when it comes to froyo, and think ppl who like pay-per-ounce yogurt are lame. End side note. With that, its probably obvious how highly I think of this place, and how much I think my opinion is right. HAH. My fave topping combo is a fresh fruit (raspberries or blueberries) and honey. Its fabulous! I'm yet to get the pistachio syrup, but its a fave among many of my friends. The place is small which isn't a problem since I usually end up parking illegally nearby w/ my hazards on to run in and get it to go. It may not be a cheap as Sweet Ending but I think its definitely worth it. If I could have one more topping, it would be Capt'n Crunch. sigh.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,10/29/2010,198,334,5,9,6>Cynthia is the best! I am super lazy and my hair is generally uncooperative. After a brief consultation with Cynthia, she identified what I was generally looking for but kicked it up a notch or two. I let her work her magic and I now have a awesome low maintenance cut that not only frames my face beautifully but broke me out of the boring. She is genuinely excited about her profession and takes serious pride in her work. She definitely should since her skill and technique are flawless with the end results as proof. I have not gotten so many compliments on my hair in a long time. Why are you still reading this?! Make an appointment with her already! You won't regret it!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,10/28/2010,75,163,18,11,8>Best place in Philly to get a stiff one. Seriously, super strong but well made cocktails, bartenders are efficient, and the happy hour is never usually crowded. a great place to start up an evening out, lubricate the wheels after a long work day. If you are going to let sexual orientation, affect your ability to get a potent drink at a good price in rittenhouse, you better rethink your priorities Son.* *I never use "Son" and promise to not to again, it just seemed appropriate.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,10/26/2010,180,143,6,9,8>Holy Jesus. This review should've been written after my first visit 2 years ago, but, as I'm behind on all my reviews, better late than never. I sought out this gem after reading something about a really vast faux meat selection. When I found veggie snails, I thought I was in crazy world. I wasn't sure if my face twisted in the shock of delight or confusion or - horror/fascination??? BUT - yeah, of course I bought them. And then I bought all sorts of other stuff - their produce section opens up into this warehouse-like space, and the varieties are novel, the quality is great to mediocre, depending on what, and the prices - well, I nearly did a flying roundhouse-kick in the aisle out of happiness. I knew I didn't have an adequate way to carry everything home, and  went crazy in the candy section - who CARES what these things were? And who could tell? The logos and designs on the packaging were enough motivations. Gift ideas? Search no more. I saved money on things I pay way more for in other stores. It's worth the trek if you have time. But if you have questions for employees, you'd better speak some kind of Asian language - because they won't be able to help you in English. I always stop here if I'm in the neighborhood, because, yeah, those snails WERE good. I know you were wondering...
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,10/24/2010,71,126,,10,8>I love this place! I go religiously every two weeks to get my eyebrows waxed for a mere $10...but they keep you back there for twenty minutes making sure that every hair is where it needs to be. They always do a tremendous job perfecting my arch and the redness never lasts more than one hour! Yesterday i went in to treat myself to a manicure and the results were epic! For $20, you get an hour long manicure that consists of  a hand massage, a parrafin dip, a 15 minute back massage (which was amazing) and an aromatherapy treatment. And my nails are radiant! A wonderful treat for your dry worn out hands in the middle of a blustery cold day!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,10/23/2010,44,92,13,25,10>wow, what an experience i had here.  luckily for me it was pleasant.let's just say i went to james brown with a certain set of presumptions.  i will just come right out and say it -- i thought james brown was a black man.  you know, the name, the daily candy review stating that he specializes in kinky/curly textures.  i had assumptions -- and you know what happens when one assumes.so, imagine my surprise when  -- afro and all -- i walked into his lovely salon on pine street.  i was nervous, people.  i know stylists are professionals and can usually handle all hair types, but, let me repeat, i have an afro.  a certain skill set is required to ensure the cooperation of my tresses.well, james set me straight!  no pun intended.  i wanted a blow out for a little change of pace.  i was the only client at first, so i got lots of personal attention.  his assistant gave me a great shampoo, and then james got to work.  he uses great products and he is fast!  just the right amount of conversation, toohe recommended that i get a haircut for better shape.  i was nervous (i hadn't had my hair cut in a while and this was my first visit), but went for it.  i am glad i took his advice.  i was very pleased with the results -- and he did NOT charge extra for the cut.  all in all, i was in and out of the salon in about one hour.  pretty amazing.  did i say i have an afro?  prompt and quick service.  he got my hair bone straight and it felt really healthy.  i was bouncing all of the way home.  that is . . . until it started raining!  :-(i would go back again if i were in the mood to temporarily straighten my hair.  another plus: you can schedule your appointment online, so it is very convenient.btw, he styles ladies from all backgrounds.  when i left, the salon had filled up and most of the clients were getting highlights.  i will never prejudge again when it comes to hair -- james can do it all!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2010,10/22/2010,72,175,3,10,6>I ordered a "Jean's Road Trip" birthday cake for my mom's surprise party. I called the Tuesday before, and spoke with a very friendly and helpful young lady, who assured me that it would be ready on Saturday. Fast forward to that Saturday when my nephew and I stopped in to pick up the cake. We had to wait a few moments while they finished writing "Happy Birthday" on the cake, but that was no biggie because it took us that long to thaw out from the Tundra-esque temperatures from outside. Well, let me tell you, to say the cake was a hit is definitely an understatement. Everyone loved the cake - including the birthday girl! It was moist and very rich, and the icing was stupid sweet and delicious! To top it all off, we brought half of the cake home, even with all 15 of us having had a decent-sized slice. I will absolutely order another cake from Brown Betty...seriously, ab-so-lutely!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,10/21/2010,67,144,2,7,7>I went here with a group of fellow yelpers last week.  Dock St has been on my list of places to visit for a while, but had never made it before.  West Philly can sometimes seem a world away, but in reality it's pretty easy to get to, whether driving or taking the trolley.Walking in, I was a bit surprised that it wasn't quite as upscale as I was expecting. Not that it was bad, just that it shows that it's a former firehouse.  The ambiance was great though, with lots of activity and a good noise level.The staff handled our large party well, and never left us waiting for another drink.  I sampled the Pilsener and the Bubbly Wit, preferring the Wit.  The other beers looked fantastic as well, but I like a light, crisp beer with my pizza.We started with trio fries, which were fantastic, and sweet potato fries that were also quite good.  Then we went on to the main event, the pizza.  I tried the Flammenkuche, and came away very impressed.  The crust was a bit soft and doughy, but everything else was excellent.  It's a great choice of toppings, and one that I'll have to have again.  I also tried a slice of the Parma, which was quite good as well.If you love good pizza and beer, you'd be remiss not to visit Dock Street.  I'll certainly be heading back there.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,10/20/2010,29,116,5,5,5>I love meat.So I came by here with fellow yelpers Annie M. and Faye S. on the account that it was around the corner and had opened up last night.First impression...jukebox! Michael Jackson! Too bad it ate my dollar, but the kind gentleman at the counter put another one in and the good times started rolling. We ordered sausage, moist brisket, and pork belly for the meats. Half a pound of each (and sides) were enough for 3 people. The sausage was everything you could ask for...moist and flavorful. The pork belly was also good (especially since I usually don't get pork). The brisket was make or break, and while it was perfectly smoked, there was more fat on it than I usually like. I wasn't paying attention and took a bite and ended up chewing fat for a good long time. I mean, it was great...but next time I think I'll opt for lean meat. The sides we got--macaroni and cheese, green beans, and mashed potato--were par for the course and just as I had expected them to be, nothing wow, but good, solid companions to meat. I had their Yard's root beer to top it off, it tasted like those gourmet root beers (is there such a thing) you get in a bottle somewhere. Last came the pecan pie (ordered a la mode), which was not to sweet. A promise of "just a few bites" turned into me devouring half the pie.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,10/18/2010,22,130,,15,8>After some recommendations from friends I decided to check out Halloween for engagement rings. I really did not want to give any business to a shopping mall chain jeweler so they sounded perfect to me. As people have already pointed out, there is no signage out front and you need to ring the doorbell to be let in. I don't think there is a website, they seem to get all of their advertising done word-of-mouth (which says a lot). Henri David and his staff are great people that know their craft well. Even if you're not shopping for jewelry it's worth a visit just to see. It's a very interesting space.Although I did not have any custom work done, I was thrilled with the selection of antique, pre-worn rings. I ended up going with a ring from 1905 which is unique and beautiful. It was perfect for the recipient.We will definitely be going to Halloween first to look for wedding rings!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,4/8/2009,21,38,5,6,6>Two friends and I went into Estia on a whim one evening where we planned on dining outside, but then realized it was too chilly for al fresco.  i'm really glad we made the decision to eat inside because this place is beautiful!  The decor is really charming and romantic.  The food is on a very short list of my personal favorites.  I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back!One of my friends ordered the Estia Chips which are fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and were absolutely delicious.  I had the feta and olives and was in heaven.  I don't know why it was so much better than any greek olives and feta cheese I've had at home or elsewhere, but it was superb.  The next time I'm there I'll definitely have to try something from their mouth-watering fish selection, but on my visit I went with a "main land selection".  I got the kotopoulo, which is roasted chicken served with carmelized onions,  yogurt orzo and a lemon chicken thyme jus.  it's been about a year since i've been there and i can still remember the taste. usually i hate having to go down or up stairs to use the restroom, but estia is my one and only exception.  this place would win my vote for best restroom in a philadelphia restaurant.  it makes you not so mad about the walk downstairs in heels! i would highly recommend estia to anyone, regardless of whether or not you're into greek food.  if you eat here and don't like it, there might be something wrong with you.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/7/2009,97,108,10,8,11>Having recently moved to South Philly and realizing that A) most of my friends live too far north to drink with me, and B) I miss Doobies A LOT and need a new bar to call my own, I quickly got over my paranoia of looking like an alcoholic and frequenting a bar by myself. I had been to the POPE before once or twice with friends and honestly, I was kind of intimidated because apparently I went on Rock Tits night and was bombarded with people in flannel. Needless to say, it took me a bit to warm up to the idea of coming here on the regular. One night, though, after a horribleeeee shift at my job, I needed a drink and stopped here. It wasn't as crowded, and I found a seat at the bar. It was alright. Next week, same occurance, and it was still alright. NEXT week, I went with a friend for happy hour, and ended up talking to one of the regulars and the super nice bartender and had an AWESOME time. Yesterday, having finally felt comfortable enough to just chill and not get self-conscious, I got super freakin' wasted but ended up talking to the other super nice and super cute bartender (3 "super"s in one sentance means it's serious). I had a blast, honestly. The POPE is definitely a place you have to warm up to, but when you do, it's totally worth it. It's dark, they have a good beer least that's decently priced, and on-point food (oh man, get the pierogies). Also, in regards to the "hipsters": It's South Philly and it's Passyunk...where AREN'T hipsters? And let's be real, all you people commenting on them are probably hipsters yourselves ;D
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,4/6/2009,425,275,16,14,12>Awful. Terrible. Embarassing. The Place? Oh no. Rack-M-Up is great. I was referring to my pool game.Ive been coming here for years and  RMU has always been consistantly great. Tables always clean, never too crowded, friendly staff.  They serve food but ive never dared eat it. They allow you to BYO (not just beer and liquor but anything edible you want to bring in) They have other distractions like a jukebox (they just updated it to a digital one) video games, and a few TVs. I believe they host both pool tournaments (duh!) and poker tournaments.Ive never had a problem with any other patrons and most are often  willing to chat or laugh at my witty comments, so I feel bad saying this but I feel the need to point this out.  I find the "regulars" , who come in with their golfbag full of different sticks hiliarious. Cmon people! They have free sticks to use right there!  I keed! I keed! These are good people (and maybe im secretly jealous).If you ever go with me, please discourage me from...        - playing my stick like a guitar whenever a good song comes on        - talking about peoples "balls"        - staring at women who are bending to make a shot        - continually suggesting to the owner that he should have sensors     put in all the pockets that will play a soundbite of a toilet flushing when someone sinks a ball.        - eating one of their hotdogsSo...to sum up Rack-M-Up= good / my pool game =bad....or..at least thats what I want you to think Steve!   * coyly puts finger to side of mouth
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,4/4/2009,3,6,7,7,6>"Johnny Cash is dead, long live Johnny Cash," reads the sign over the bar. This sort of striking antithesis typifies Fiume: a broad offering of bottled beers from around the globe, but no draught options; a comprehensive liquor selection, but dependence on canned soda for even the simplest well staples; a small, cramped space usually saturated with a hip and lively crowd resting directly atop the most depressing and barren place in West Philadelphia (the bar half of Abyssinia, the loosely affiliated Ethiopian restaurant downstairs, whose vegetarian platter is delicious, and available upstairs). Plus, it's all happening in what looks like someone's living room. I like contradictions. I also like Kevin, the 'owner' (quotes because he wasn't sure he was actually entitled to that description), who knows his beers, provides above average barkeep banter, and plays solid music. Fiume has quiet and unfeigned charm, which is difficult to find, and always appreciated. Please don't tell your friends, because seriously, sometimes it's tough to find a place to sit (standing room only after 15 or so guests).
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,4/3/2009,39,19,2,10,7>I will not pretend to comprehend Japanese culture any more than the next guy, but when it comes down to what seems to be traditional and what seems to be gimmicky, Kisso is the most traditional sushi restaurant in the city.  You do not find bizarre, American sauces like "Southwest" or "Barbeque" like you do at other sushi establishments in the city.  You find a traditional repetoire accompanied by several exquisite and elegant appetizers.My personal suggestions are the eel appetizer, the red snapper carpaccio and the green tea ice cream following your meal.  You can also get any entree, and then for an additional $2 get miso soup and a side salad with a delicious ginger dressing.Sadly, it is slightly off the flow of pedestrian traffic,  and there are usually many open tables.  But don't let that throw you.  Try it out.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,4/2/2009,286,176,12,16,12>came here for dinner with a friend who had some chilled wine to kick before moving cross country, and, well, what kind of friend would i be if i didn't help her out?! there are not many BYOs (that i know of) in the media area...so that is what brought us in. the delicious food, along with some unexpectedly special treatment, will bring me back.the complimentary bruschetta was yum #1. we then shared the caprese salad which was HUGE - perfect for 2 people - and had the added bonus of roasted peppers, red onions and kalamata olives amidst the mozz, tomatoes, basil and greens in a tasty balsamic vinaigrette. yum #2. we both ordered pasta entrees - ravioli aurora for my friend and rigatoni a la vodka (with sundried tomatoes & capers) for me. yums #3. again, portions were HUGE, and tho it was tempting to finish it all right then, i happily ate only 1/3 of my meal so i could enjoy it for lunch (and dinner) the next day and save room for dessert! a shared slice of the dark side of the moon cake was, you guessed it, yum #4. after lingering for a while to converse and sober up, we headed out to the car and drove off. not 5 minutes later it hit me - i forgot my leftovers on the table - NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! i immediately called the restaurant, but was informed that the bussers had disposed of my rigatoni. [tear] but then, get this: the guy asks if i can make it in tomorrow (um, yes) and then, apologizing for their haste, asks for my name & entree so that i can come back in for a replacement portion - WOW! certainly unexpected, but much appreciated. now that's what i call good business.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,4/1/2009,27,47,12,5,9>Yeah, I gotta go all gushy about this place. The decor is noveau-y; dark patterns and tin, very warm and comfortable. The servers were smart and dressed fashionably, and the food fantastic. I got the Andouille Sausage, Ratatouille & Caramelized Tomato Sauce, $16.25, and was more than satisfied. I don't usually find myself ordering food based on Disney films, but ever since I saw the Rat Chef and his Stupid Human, I wanted to try Ratatouille. It was tangy and heart-warming. This is a great date place, even though the lady friend and I sat next to some sort of sweet 16 party for 12 text-messaging brace faces.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,3/31/2009,93,214,8,10,9>High points (HA!) for being on the cutest little block - right near my favorite co-op and favorite book store. But aside from location, the crepe and coffee that I (regularly) get at the High Point Cafe is always the perfect thing that I'm in the mood for and so tasty. This is a pretty tiny spot, and I would recommend against going when school is letting out (its right across from some school, and apparently kids like coffee and crepes... who knew?). The prices are so so reasonable and the guys behind the counter are always cool and chatty. I'm kind of salivating just thinking about the crepes - sweet and savory combinations like caramelized apple and cheddar, or spinach, onion and chevre. And I've been told to try their sticky buns...apparently, they are awesome!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,3/30/2009,29,39,3,6,6>New favorite cheesesteak in Philly.  Kind of out of the way (for me anyway), but worth the trip.  The atmosphere is incredibly "dive" - you're basically sitting next to a factory/warehouse - but that kind of adds to the appeal for me.  The rolls they use are perfect, and the meat was plentiful and chunky (not minced like at some other places).  You can only get American or Provolone cheese - no whiz here.  I go American all the way.  Also, It's cash only but they have an ATM inside.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,3/27/2009,128,137,8,9,10>I overheard the people who work here telling the table next to us that they should blog the fact that Memphis Taproom needs scrapple.  So I will be the one to say it. Memphis Taproom needs scrapple.  Scrapple.  Scrapple.  Scrapple. Ok, so apparently they don't have scrapple.  And they are located very far away from me and I get lost every time I go here.  Despite those two miserable facts, I love Memphis Taproom! It's really cute inside.  It has a nice homey feel.   There are outlets located at each table around the dining room walls.  I wish I had an excuse to bring my laptop here so I could eat wings and drink beer all day. The servers are super friendly and helpful.   But most importantly, the food is delicious.    I have had brunch and dinner here and was happy with both.  The wings are super tasty and great to share.   Also, they have a really great rotating selection of beer on tap at very reasonable prices. It is worth the drive, even if it means I'll definitely get lost again.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,9/24/2008,154,244,10,7,8>I will express my love for Silk City in a series of haiku:I love Silk City.The decor, the food, the drinksAre all fabulous.Get the mac and cheese,Or a burger if you pleaseThis haiku rhymed, too.Watch out for hipsters.Not that there's anything wrong...Just thought I'd warn you.I don't like french fries,But I'll eat them at Silk Town.Okay, I cheated.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,9/23/2008,2,6,9,10,9>Bindi is only "expensive" if you are expecting the usual $10 run-of-the-mill buffet. To me, it is priced as reasonably, as any other restaurant or BYOB in Center City--or the surrounding suburbs, for that matter. Entrees are $18 and up, with appetizers bearing a wallet-friendly $7+. I don't know about you, but I'd be hard pressed to find that kind of bargain in a dinner-only establishment--including Olive Garden! The $18+ rule applies to Chef Turney's original (and HIGHLY successful) sister restaurant Lolita. And, I'm assuming, when word gets out and there is a 2 1/2 hour wait for on-season Saturdays, that the same rule will come into effect for Bindi. So get your $7 apps with side of $4 bread NOW...... :)   Just buy a $15 or less bottle of rum or vodka that will well serve 4 people +, save the additional 30 bucks or more you would have bought on overpriced, weak cocktails, and experience a great dinner that you can brag about later.The chef is a white, American female from the midwestern United States. She studied briefly with the acclaimed Julie Sahni of NYC.What bearing this, the prices, or the unspoken "rules" of a certain type of cuisine have to do with enjoying delicious food that celebrates a highly decorated cuisine and bringing it into the limelight of a major metropolitan area that is fastly becoming known for it's ecclectic and passionate local chefs and quibbling over Chicken Tikka--- one may never know.And, FWI:  Chicken Tikka was created in LONDON--it is NOT a traditional Indian dish. It's about as Indian as Coors Light is Belgian. So what if anyone wants to put chickpeas, broccolini, or something else creative into your meal--if you want plain chopped chicken in a random red mush: you obviously know where to go. *Please remember that several--if not most BYOB--establishments in Philly are Cash Only: Oscar's, Bindi, Lolita, Cochon, Mercato, Audrey Claire, etc., etc., etc....  If you don't have the cash on hand, in checking, or cannot afford the $2 transaction fee--should you really be eating out? Maybe a nice, homecooked meal would save everyone a LOT of aggravation....
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,9/22/2008,2055,3369,12,12,10>OK, first of all, I am not gay - I am a straight, married, corporate chick with a young kid and a pug dog - and I LOVE WOODY's.I come by myself on Wednesday Nights for the best cheap Italian food around - and an Arnold Palmer.The gay community is alive & well at Woody's and the DJs have the tunes pumpin' - but I go early and have a quiet little dinner.  Usually I get the fabulous Chicken Francese or Marsala.  They serve the meals with fresh bread, a plate of Olive Oil and a roasted long-hot pepper.The crabmeat salad - appetizer or entree size (I get the small one and it's still huge) is fresh and tasty.  The pasta is al dente.And... the eye candy is a bonus - even for a straight-chick like me.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,9/21/2008,94,128,1,19,9>Back in September, Kevin W. recommended the alley to me.  Like Kevin, I joined yelp just so I could sing Jeremiah's praises.  I've been going to him for six months now and I've had nothing but awesome hair.I came in with very long hair and asked him to cut it so that it was still long but less boring.  I wanted cool hair.  Jeremiah looked me in the eye and told me that you can't have cool hair and have it long.  That's the kind of guy he is - he won't bullshit you and he refuses to give a shitty haircut, even if you ask for it.  That evening we bonded over our mutual hatred of scene mullets and our mutual love of Mohawks.  I walked out with a super-cute bob that I never thought my naturally wavy hair was capable of pulling off.  I got compliments on it for a month.The second time I went in, I walked out with an orange Mohawk, and I never felt more badass in my life.  I went in wanting to go orange, not necessarily wanting to change my length, but nonetheless intrigued by his hints of "you could rock a mohawk" from the last visit.  He convinced me to go for it, and it honestly changed my life (if you've never had a mohawk, get one now!  you'll see what I mean.)  If this is all too touchy-feely for you, let me speak to his craftsmanship.  The first time I went to the Alley, Jeremiah spent two hours cutting my hair because he wanted to get to know it and be sure he did it right.  He's a perfectionist, and it's good news for you - I don't know anyone else who will be so careful and attentive with your hair for such a reasonable price.The first time I walked out of the alley, I felt like I had rediscovered everything cool and non-conformist I'd tried to hide in my frantic post-collegiate search for a "real" job.  Jeremiah brought out the person who knows that's all bullshit and doesn't give a damn.  Every time I walk out of his salon I feel empowered.  I don't want to sound too florid, but if you're still skeptical, I can link you to the exultant blog entries (complete with photos) that I posted after each cut.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,9/19/2008,114,18,4,12,12>Let me preface this review by saying that I've been eating sushi since I was about 4 years old.  Probably not healthy, but I can say that I have a good 17 years of solid sushi eating under my belt.  Plus, I come from a family of sushi-mongers.  Anyways, I think everything's been summed up by other reviews.  I just thought I'd add some tips.1.  To avoid the crowds, go during the week - early (around 5pm) - or stop by for lunch.2.  Try something you've never tried - I recommend the TUNA DUMPLINGS.  It's not what you'd expect.3.  If you frequent the place, ask Vic to make you something he thinks you'd like.  I did and the rolls were so good he decided to put it on the menu - Princess Roll and a soon to come mango roll.  4.  Get to know Vic, La, and Jim.  They're such great people and it really makes the dining experience nicer.  Plus, a couple of times they've treated me to some new dishes and beer!  Also, I know the one major complaint about Vic's is the seating.  However, I wouldn't give up quality for more room.  Plus, traditionally sushi bars are meant to be smaller so that the chef gets to know you and your tastes. From what I've heard and experienced there weren't set rolls and menus back in the day.  A sushi chef you've come to know would make rolls according to what you typically like.  I love Vics!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,9/18/2008,44,33,2,9,8>Johnny Brenda's is my happy place.  Not only do my awesome friends live right down the block, but it's also been such a great space to watch some of my favorite performances in the city.  Location is not ideal, but Girard is growing on me no doubt (especially when friends give me a ride out there).  Beers are cheap and tasty, bartenders are nice enough, and it's spacious enough for everyone to have their own social experiences (both upstairs and downstairs).  I've only eaten fries here, which were fine, but not really comparable to Monk's or Good Dog as far as bar fries go.  It's nice that they have so many veggie options on their menu but I can't stay I've tried anything.  But let's be honest - I don't come here for the food or drinks.  I come because the space upstairs is awesome and I love being so close to bands I really love.  Now to refresh my memory and give you a taste of who I've seen there..... the roster is as follows:  Fuyiya & Miyagi, Headlights, Caribou, Fleet Foxes, & the Rosebuds.  Oh yeah and one warning:  their shows always start really late & there's generally a fairly large gap between the opener and main act (not that that's unusual around Philly).
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,9/17/2008,23,82,1,7,7>I prefer the Spruce St. location over the Rittenhouse for casual outings and the location is great...sitting outside in a mellower neighborhood on a nice day.  Service was solid both times I've been.Decent selection of staples (wine & cheese) and I like the menu's format; broken down by cheese & wine styles to make the experience more approachable for people interested in getting into the wine-bar approach.If you can't tell already from the bazillion other reviews, the cheese is a big bonus, although a friend of mine who knows cheese better than I complained about their cheese storage methods or something like that.  Still, there's something I can't quite put my finger on that makes me feel like Tria is a spot to stop in and have bites & sips, but not a destination...I'd give 3 stars to Rittenhouse (much smaller and louder) especially if you came in a dinner-mode.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,9/16/2008,65,83,,6,6>This place is a fun spot.  I always laugh when I think about it, because it totally has a tavern feel, but they play bumping techno and pop remixes.  At any rate, its a fun joint with good prices and decent food.  I go here when I want a cheap beer, and a relaxing atmosphere.  Colin C. was right when he said that it's a great place to hang out without feeling like you have to impress anyone.  The crowd here is very friendly (maybe sometimes a little too friendly, but that is part of the Westbury's charm IMO).  This place has a way of making you feel comfortable, and like staying a while.Good wings.  Not so good beer choice (Although, last night they had Walt Wit, and that was yummy).  Overall, a fun spot that's low key.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,9/15/2008,190,178,6,8,8>First time trying a souvlaki and I was pleasantly pleased :)This is a great lunch spot for you to grab something on the go. It is very hot inside and there isn't much seating. I love that they even have a to-go window so you can just stand on the streets and take a look around while they finish up making the food.The ingredients tasted very fresh and the meat had a great charred flavor. There was a bit too much yogurt but it was still very good. Oh, and the warm soft pita bread is YUMM!I'll definitely come back and try some of their other meats also.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,9/14/2008,51,94,17,9,9>Once upon a midnight dreary,Already drunk, aching, weary,My friends carried me down the streets of forgotten Sansom lore...Restless, senseless, even slurringNonsequential sentences flutteringWe came to a spot of art and booze placed under the same store.Silly faces red with dreamingDreams of which I have never dreamt beforeQuoth the Raven... Lounge Bartender,"Would you like one more?"I look up with wide eyes as if I've seen the ghost of my beautiful lost Lenor... RECORD SCRATCH!"Yes... YES! I'd like another lager. Thank you! HICK!"
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,5/7/2013,55,290,2,7,5>Butchers used to intimidate me, but after coming here I've realized it's no big deal.  The staff is non-pretentious and they have a great selection of meats for cheap. I was making a fancy bolognese sauce and needed ground skirt steak and ground pork, both of which I could not find at Acme or South Street Market.  I got 1.5 lbs of each as well as 8oz of pancetta, all for only 22 bucks!  This place also has great thick cut slabs of bacon which are great when I'm hosting a brunch, a wonderful prime rib roast if I'm  having a fancy dinner, and smoked turkey legs when making collard greens.  The best time to come is  later in the afternoon at around 2.  If you go too early in the day it's a bit crazy and hard to get a butcher's attention (especially if you're short).
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/6/2013,212,160,4,3,4>Saw a lady sing here a few weeks ago and, even though the music was not my style, had a good time. Fairly dark that night, so I didn't see much wall-art-wise, but the layout was stage in back, bar in front, and a straightaway with tables and chairs between. If you are old enough, I'd liken the performance I saw to an unplugged show, and the atmosphere felt very laid back. The bartender was fast, golden monkeys were cold, the sound was loud and clear, and, as an extra plus, the menu downstairs looked downright enticing, though I regretfully didn't try anything. Then it gets fuzzy.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,5/5/2013,203,269,4,5,4>Psst. PSSSST. There's a bar in a basement in Rittenhouse Square serves the most amazing cocktails. How to find it? Just look for the long line of people shivering in the cold on the sidewalk. Despite this place's pseudo-attempts to act like a speakeasy, all secretive and stuff, its reputation precedes it. Oh, and it's worth the wait in line.Franklin elevates the art of the cocktail. Yeah, the prices are a bit steep, but hopefully that deters you from chugging too many of their scrumptious libations down. Apparently their menu changes seasonally, but for this winter-written review, I've gotta give a shout-out to the Witch Hunt, a warm cocktail that tastes like an apple pie. It reads like a novel, with headings like "I Asked Her For Water She Brought Me Gasoline" and "The Flowing Bowl." More evocative than "strong sh*t" and "punch," I guess. We also got a small of the jerk pork rinds from their limited food menu. (I'd advise eating before coming here.) Also bar food-y, yet elevated; sweet with a spicy kick. Seriously, the most complex and most delicious pork rinds I've ever had.Gotta love the atmosphere. Low lighting, soft conversations around you, and not-too-pushy waiters who are more than willing to explain the menu in a friendly manner. Great place to take friends from out of town.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/3/2013,68,173,4,12,4>Ah G Lounge. Despite your sometimes exorbitant pricing, you are my preferred "clubby" venue in Philly for a night out.G offers its patrons a spacious interior that's got a stylish, swanky ambiance. The bouncers are good at managing the door and ensuring people who are too intoxicated get the boot, so it's never trashy or overcrowded (go to Whisper if that's your thing). Music is chill and, most importantly, not too loud. Plenty of tables and seating all around. There are frequent cover specials (text G to 81680 to receive promotions), so I've never paid more than $10 to get in here.On the negative side, the drinks are pricey. The bartenders do make them strong, but even so the alcohol is a couple bucks too expensive. On a similar note, the well liquor here is utterly vile. I'm no stranger to plastic bottle booze, but if you drink wells at G you will likely end up disgustingly hung over the next morning. And if you're not I commend your constitution.G is a solid option on a weekend night. Whether you want to dance, meet people, or lounge about talking with friends the vibe will have you covered. Just make sure you're ready to drop some dough.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/2/2013,103,443,2,6,2>Okay, the Jackson Diner is actually located in a rather nice little strip mall (Jackson Crossing) so it doesn't "look" like the typical Jersey establishment. They have done a good job with the interior and always have 50s and 60s music in the background. The menu is typical diner food and is actually quite good. I have been here a number of times so I think it is time for a review.Like I said, the menu is typical and rather large. they always have some kind of special at lunch as well as the usual dinner specials. Prices are good, service is top notch and they are busy all the time.I had a Cheese Steak Wrap with fries and cole slaw which was excellent. Hot, juicy and cheesy - not good for you but good for the soul.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,5/1/2013,98,388,1,10,6>Did you know that XIX does weddings?  I've had the pleasure of dinner as well as celebrating my recent wedding here.First as a restaurant, it's an elegant dinner with amazing views from the 19th floor terraces and through giant floor to ceiling windows. Dinner is American fare, I had a lobster and mushroom bisque to start followed by the lamb entree. Also enjoyed the salad with duck. Everything is very good, served with the kind of presentation that says this is a "nice" restaurant. Dessert was a rich chocolate cake which was also lovely.  In nice weather you can sit in the terrace, which is gorgeous. On a totally different note, they occasionally host weddings in the space. I knew when we set foot inside and saw the amazing moldings and pearl chandelier plus the views of the twinkling city at night that this was where we wanted our wedding reception.   It can fit 80-ish guests with a small dance floor area.  The menu for weddings includes a lot of what's on the normal XiX dinner menu, which is awesome. No bland mass produced chicken entrees here. And the the beautiful room and balcony space made for gorgeous backdrops to our wedding photos.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,4/30/2013,203,272,4,12,4>Definitely a solid 4, even a 4.5. The trick is knowing what to order. Skip the tiny section of entrees at the bottom of the second page. Their plov, schnitzel and stroganoff are all fine, but there are much tastier things to order on this menu. Chicken and skirt steak kabobs are fantastic. Their bread (lepeshka), served hot, is delicious as well. Salmon and lamb kabobs were also good, but just don't compare to the chicken and steak. The avocado salad was great, as was the olivie (Russian potato salad). The borscht is also delicious. The manti were all right, though a little fatty and the lamb a bit gamey. In the words of my dining companion, "Tastes like a wild animal." But the cheburek (fried meat pie), filled with a thin layer of ground lamb and encased (empanada-style) in a light and puffy fried dough (kind of like bhatura or puri in Indian food), were super good. Service was super nice and friendly. Fun ethnic atmosphere if you go on a weekend evening. The giant party table next to us was totally Russian mafia. Awesome. If only this place were closer to the city.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/29/2013,141,262,5,12,8>When I saw Jennifer G's checkin here earlier today, I about swooned! A yarn shop around the corner from my house? Yes please! Amazing selection, well organized, bright, what a great little shop! Dona, the owner, was not only helpful, but she was also really personable. She already feels like a new friend. I can't wait til she starts giving classes. And I can't wait to show her the project I'm starting right now: I'm making a blankie for my 5-month-old nephew. Squeeee!Highly, highly recommend. And I'm loving how my new hobby has opened up my life in just a couple days! I expect I will be here very often!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/28/2013,128,341,,5,1>Another five-star review for a place I've only been to once, but honestly, this place was phenomenal. From the get-go, service was outstanding and the atmosphere, albeit a small space, was inviting. I let the hubby get the view of the chefs preparing the food and he really enjoyed it.After reading so many rave reviews of the octopus, we both agreed we needed to order it and let me tell you, it's the best we've ever had. I could've ordered another one for my entree and been perfectly happy! It was grilled and served with these fun, scallop-shaped rice cakes (at first we were excited and thought they were scallops!) and buttery sauce. I wish I'd snuck a menu home so I could accurately recant what we had, but alas, I can only tell you that it's worth every penny and hope that comes across as amazing in your eyes.For entrees, I had the monk fish with barley, some kind of fresh green pesto, escargot, and oyster mushrooms and the hubby got the mackerel (sorry I can't remember what it had with it, only that the bit he gave me was awesome and the skin crisp and silky). Both were truly decadent, complicated, delicious dishes. This was a special occasion for us, so I was expecting to spend more than usual, but I honestly feel that the price was right for the quality of the food. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quantity, which can sometimes be light-handed at fancier places but was not the case here. These guys don't let you leave hungry! We wished we'd saved room for the rhubarb pie or chocolatey donuts I saw pass by, but we couldn't even finish our entrees! Service was also great- both servers worked together to make sure no water/wine glasses went empty and they were genuinely good at their jobs. A true gem in S. Philly- can't wait for another special occasion to give us a reason to spoil ourselves :) Maybe we'll try the Sunday night chef's tasting menu....
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2013,4/27/2013,563,317,15,6,6>Consider the donut.  With neither beginning nor end, it represents the circle of life.  If you ponder the donut, in serene tranquility, you may even hear Elton John singing.  Many have tried to understand, yea master the donut, but most have failed.The monks slaving away with their dusty tomes and incantations at Federal Donuts do bring new insight into this most deep of all things deep fried.  The cinnamon sugar and double chocolate both are solid yin, and the naked fried chicken was a good yang.  Neither brought a true sense of being and purpose to my life or compelled me towards spiritual consciousness, but my path was made just a bit straighter while my girth was made wider.And so, as you journey life's paths, weigh carefully the meaning behind the donut.  Learn from it...unlock its mysteries. Maybe its just a donut.  Then again, maybe its a sweet slice of life itself.  Oommmmm.......
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,8/21/2009,134,370,4,10,7>Thank goodness I am no longer in the land of 75$ haircuts. Vanessa was thorough, professional, and generally a badass. She explained her process, which I appreciate because haircuts are always a little traumatic for me. My hair feels thirty times more healthy and looks awesome. I'll def be back. ...and, I didn't even have to shop around and get busted haircuts before I found a good place. Halleluja.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,8/20/2009,2055,3369,5,14,9>Let's hear it for my 1400th review on yelp.Well - here it goes...I just got back from a delicious lunch at Mixto with a good (vegetarian)  friend of mine.  After we each had a stiff, refreshing Classic Mojito each (and I was beginning to feel the buzz). Our friendly - if a little slow- waiter took our orders.I had the Plato Vegetariano and my friend had a Salad with Avocado added on top.  Both were fresh and excellent.  I asked them to omit the tostones (green plantains) on my platter and sub maduros (sweet plantains) and thus I had an abundance of maduros to share with my friend.I also gave him some of the Yucca, black beans and 1/4 of the SCRUMPTIOUS white corn arepa.Wow.  I can not wait to go back.Why not 5 stars?  A few reasons - in fact I was dithering between 3 & 4 stars.  Service here is, indeed, weird.  Since we arrive just before noon and the place was dead empty our service was better than it could have been - but I imagine at peak times this place is just NUTS.  They do kind-of check you out upon arrival.  The hostess was icy-cold.  Bus person (male) was very nice.Also some might say that there are not enough vegetarian options - you basically can have salads or the plato - and that's it.  Fortunately I loved the plato - that arepa and the maduros were PERFECT.  It aslo had steamed (bland) veggies, yellow rice and a clump of mixed green salad in a tasty sweet dressing.The mojios were STRONG and well muddled.  We went back again a few weeks later and had Vanilla and Pasion Fruit mojitos which were, indeed, sweeter but so delicious.  Oh - and the LARGE ($13) really is large.I can't wait to return.  Again - I'll try for a non peak time. (The weekend madness here is just not for me.)Oh - and they DON'T take reservations unless it's a party of 5 or more.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,8/18/2009,331,353,2,9,9>I am so confused by the mass amount of bad reviews for Dos Segundos. I pride myself on knowing when I come across a good Mexican dish and I have come across many at Dos Segundos. This place is becoming one of my favorites in Northern Liberties and I make sure everyone knows it. I have been several times for brunch, lunch and dinner. I have never had to wait no matter the time of day so I appreciate that. I have had a wide sampling from their menu (in addition to me mooching off my friends plate too). Their brunch is by far the best and I assure you that you won't wait as opposed to being around the corner at Honey's. I have to say that their french toast is an equal of Sabrina's french toast. Although where Sabrina's is gooey and rich, Dos Segundos has a sugary crispness to it. I have found that their chimichanga has a richness to it that is lacking in most Mexican plates around these parts. I loved their fruity versions of classic cocktails, even if they are a bit pricey. Be sure to check out the chalkboard for special drinks too! The staff has always been super chill and very helpful. I will return again and again as I can not say anything bad about Dos Segundos. I can only imagine it will continue to get more popular as more people come to visit the Piazza up the street.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2009,8/17/2009,250,550,8,10,10>Oh, the fabled Rouge burger.I went to Rouge in search of this, as I have been reading nothing but good things about it: best burger in Philly, one of the best burgers in the entire country, etc.  I wanted to diversify my sampling of the food here so I inquired about the petite Rouge burger.  I was disappointed when  I learned that it would be 3 oz., a mere pittance, so I was left with the 12 oz. regular burger (and pomme frites) as my sole order.  There are much worse fates.The burger arrived after a short wait cooked a perfect medium.  It was juicy but not messy.  The cheese expressed itself but did not overpower the flavor of the meat.  The onions practically dissolved on my tongue.  Is this the best burger in Philly and among the top burgers in the country? Possibly, though I will selflessly volunteer myself to conduct extensive further research on the matter.  Would I at least pay $16 for this again?  Yes, absolutely.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,8/16/2009,16,21,5,8,7>I came a couple of years ago and had a good meal, but I hadn't made it a point to get back. However lately, I had been hearing a lot of people buzzing about Little Fish again and I thought it would be worth a second trip. And MAN am I glad I went back!A friend and I went out for Sunday 5 Course Tasting meal which was a great choice and came highly recommended.  The first and second course (Halibut with Truffled Mushrooms and a Pea Sauce & a Smoked Salmon with Cucumber dish) were good and above average respectively.   Given that my friend has a soft spot both roasted beets and goat cheese, the 3rd course salad of said items was also well received at our table as well, although not groundbreaking.  But nothing, and I mean NOTHING, compared with the "entree" course of Escolar with Creamed Corn and Zucchini. One word: Sublime. The fish was perfectly prepared and the accompaniments paired amazingly.  People often talk about the best dish they have ever consumed...this is near the top of my list.  Phenomenal.The dessert was the chocolate torte that others have yelped about as well.  Tasty and would have paired beautifully with a glass of red wine, but we hadn't planned that well (note to self for next week!)
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,8/15/2009,47,222,4,7,5>Wow. Seriously wow. You took El Vez and you made it a little better and a little more expensive, but you also made the food a little more authentico. I will admit that the ambiance and décor may not be everyone's cup of tea, but for me it worked in that "once-in-a-while" way. The servers were all attractive 20-somethings and hey, who doesn't appreciate that. Food. OMG where to start. We came in and went on a feeding frenzy/ rampage. We ordered everything (ok, not everything, but we ordered a ton). The Octopus civeche was a hard decision to make but I'm glad you all suggested it. It was awesome. It was unlike anything I've ever eaten both in texture and in flavor. +5 for that one. Next? The huaraches! Holy hell, those things were good. Nice flavor, even better presentation, and they were fun to eat. They were like little Mexican flat bread pizzas with a dope drizzle. The taco's were small but packed a punch too. We had the Kobe Beef tacos (srsly, Kobe Beef in a TACO???!!?), and the carnitas tacos. They were really pretty little taco delights. Then we had pork belly in some sort of Mexican format which was seriously the most succulent food I've ever eaten. I wanted more of it. There was also a duck and cheese bake that came with warm tortillas to wrap it in. At this point I was plenty full and plenty drunk as we went through about 4 pitchers of the dopest margaritas you've ever had. Blood orange, passion fruit, the El Heffe and there was one more... But wait, there was one final dish... The fried chicken. OMG. It was panko crusted and fried to perfection. It came with an amazing dipping sauce and then right there, I died. I had a heart attack.EVERYTHING tasted amazing. It was not cheap. It IS a tapas restaurant. Bring your wallet. Bring your appetite because you aren't going to want to stop eating.I will be back.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,8/14/2009,67,144,6,8,10>You know that scene at the beginning of Blade Runner where Gaff catches up with Deckard at the chinese noodle stand?  The first time I ever went to Dim Sum Garden, that popped right into my mind.  Visiting here is the epitome of finding a diamond in the rough.  Its a former donut shop tucked under the Hilton parking garage, with the chinatown buses lined up outside.  The giant plate glass windows are lined with neon, and a when you peek inside it looks like a typical chinese takeout place.  Once you enter, you'll find an amazing little restaurant with fantastic food.  The shanghai buns (Xiao long bao) are a welcome departure from normal dumplings.  Once you master the art of eating them, they become a welcome treat.  The Siu mai are delicious, and the scallion pancake is nice, crisp, and flaky.  The brisket noodles are terrific, but I much prefer the stewed eel noodles, as sushi has made me love eel.  Service is pretty good, sometimes it can feel like they've forgotten you a little bit, but generally they'll keep things moving and top off your water when you need it.  Sometimes there can be a language barrier, depending on your server.  Overall, its a place that is worth a visit, to try something different than the chinese you're used to.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,8/13/2009,14,22,7,7,6>Call me a wine amateur (YOU'RE A WINE AMATEUR!). Thanks. Now that we've established that you can read AND you know how to follow instructions, I suggest all white wine lovers to try Tria, because they have an ENTIRE SECTION of their menu dedicated to "Zippy Whites."ZIPPY. WHITES. Two words re: wine could not taste better together. I only like white wine if it's so acidic and dry that it's on the verge of sparkling, and mother humper if this place doesn't nail it every time.p.s. it's expensive. Der.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,8/12/2009,13,4,2,6,5>I have been to Varga twice for dinner and a few drinks, both times on a weeknight. Overall, I really enjoyed it.The service was excellent on both occasions. The host, server and food runner were all courteous and engaging, and seemed happy that we were there, which isn't always the case these days. We had a miscommunication about which beer my friend wanted, and the server handled it smoothly. The atmosphere is great, at least for the warmer months. The windows open out onto the street and the outside tables, making it a really nice place for evening summer dining. In the winter, I'm not sure how lively the bar will be, considering its small size. The pinup theme is cool, but unless you sit inside, you won't see much evidence of it (not even in the bathrooms). My only complaint was that our two-top table outside was about three inches from the couple next to us. It's understandable at a crowded place, but still not my favorite situation.The food was pretty great overall. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich the first time, and was able to get it without mustard. It came with fries and was really delicious. The homemade ketchup is fine, a little sweet for my taste. Their hot sauce is awesome... although it may be Frank's Red Hot (or at least, that's what it tasted like). I also had a chicken cheese steak that was great and reasonably-priced.Drink prices are lower than I expected, and the beer/wine selection was ample for my liking. I also LOVED that they offer Coors Lite, PBR and Schlitz cans for $2.75. Genius.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,8/11/2009,21,38,3,4,6>mad mex.  good for:  pretending you a)can or b)have the desire to drink and eat like you did when you were in college.  i was well out of my college years when i found out there was a mad mex in university city.  having spent many a drunken evening either at or as a result of mad mex and they're big azz margaritas, i decided when i was twentycoughcoughcough to revisit philly's version of the chain i came to know and love as a penn state undergrad.it was pretty much what i expected!  a revisit to college life and a reuniting with my beloved tequila slurpee! yum!  but having grown much more refined (laugh) in my old age, i've even ventured into the other alcoholic beverages like their microbrews, tasty and their sangria, double tasty.their wings are just as i remembered them:  almost sinfully delicious.  especially now that i actually think about the crap that goes into making them so irresistible.  there's a downside though to this particular mad mex.  unlike its state college cousin, u city's mad mex doesn't let anyone in who is under 21 ever.  i found that out the hard way when i had plans with some of my more youthful friends to chow down on the aforementioned wings only to get turned away at 1:00 in the afternoon.  I could understand if it was happy hour or 10pm, but come on!  (and i'm even more bitter b/c we ended up eating at chilis. blech)downer if you're older:  the location/crowd may depress you for no longer living in your glory days at anywhere university, usa.  1.  am i really that old?  2.  did i really used to act like that when i was drunk?  3.  were all undergrads this attractive when i was in school?  4.  how many hours in the gym am i going to have to spend burning off this fun time?  5.  i can actually afford to buy the margaritas off happy hour price now that i have a job, but can my body handle the hangover i'm going to get after i've tossed 2 back and enjoyed a large cross section of the rest of the drink menu as well?bonus:  1.  you're older and much wiser  2.  who cares!  if you can't remember and your friends aren't still teasing you about it, it's almost like your early 20s drinking binges didn't even happen!  3.  waifishly thin may not have been the look du jour in your day, but you're old enough to feel comfortable and confident in your own skin.  4.  refer to bonus #1--you probably know better than to get too crazy.  and even if you DO overindulge, who cares!  i bet your gym has got a great spin class that'll kick 500-600 calories in an hour!  5.  you may have a hangover if you go overboard, but you also have a real job.  and that means the freedom to use real sick time.  which means your place of employment is essentially paying you to stay home in your pajamas with your unwashed hair and day-old makeup drinking coffee like there's no tomorrow!bottom line:  you're not going there because the food is five star.  you're going to eat and drink poorly and have a good time.  for this, mad mex reigns supreme.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/28/2013,112,203,4,12,7>Despite this place being in the WEIRDEST location (between a variety of granite/cabinet shops and the old, now defunct methadone clinic) on Washington Ave, it's a solid addition to my block. I've also never been to the location in Fairmount, so in comparing it to nothing but it's lonely self, I gotta say it's pretty good.The coffee is outstanding and for $2 I'd come here for a cup over a few other places in my neighborhood hands down. We got the Hollandaise crepe (turkey, tomato, and gouda) which was excellent, large enough to be a meal, and quite filling. My roommate chose a sandwich which had turkey, fig, and goat cheese on a baguette. The baguette itself... DAMN is that shit good. One of the most perfect baguettes I've had in a while. There is really very little meat on this sandwich so if you're one of those need-to-have-meat-overload-jewish-deli-style types, this will probably disappoint you. Since I'm personally much more of a cheese and carb person this sandwich made me very happy. The sandwich came with a very nice side salad (with option of chips or salad). Sadly, I wanted to order a baguette sandwich as well but at 2pm they were out of the best bread in the world :( Fortunately roommate and I are firm believers in sharing is caring. The place is obviously very new, and the interior shows it. They were sparse on pastries and bread (as mentioned above), and they appear to be still hammering out some details. But with a few funky looking tables/chairs, free wifi, and an industrial interior which very nicely compliments its neighboring warehouses, the place is cute inside.My only complaint is a fairly big one, at least for me. The prices for the crepes are outrageous. Yes, they are delicious and big enough to satiate me, but for the substance of what you are actually getting, $9.50 is way, way too much. Also add $1-2 if you want to add anything else to your crepe. This complaint is for the crepes alone, as the sandwiches (which come with a side, and are much bigger in size) are cost $1-2 less than the crepes. The coffee seemed to be on par if not slightly less pricey than the other coffee in the area. I'd definitely come back for coffee, but will think twice about frequenting it for breakfast/lunch meals.I honestly hope this place survives as it is awkwardly situated, but certainly adds a lot to the hood.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/27/2013,180,143,4,9,10>THis is the South Philadelphia satellite location of Neighborhood Bike Works. So, here's the deal: They have ALL the equipment - trueing stand, tools, parts, manuals, references, coffee pot, volunteers to help you if you get stuck, and a collaborative atmosphere in which to learn together. That's a win x 100, if you ask me.              The hours will extend when the weather warms, which is great. I have SEVERAL projects I need to perfect (i.e. broken bikes) so I'll be taking up semi-residence her for the next few months, if you need me.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/26/2013,503,395,10,14,13>Came here by accident trying to find Henry's Seafood joint (which is now some raunchy bar) and I'm so damn happy we stumbled upon their giant billboard on Broad Street.Mario's looks like a small Irish pub from the outside (and in the inside actually) but it's actually a great Spanish restaurant. The place was pretty empty on a Saturday night and we got a booth right away with the most AWESOME waiter. He promptly informed us that we arrived during Happy Hour - YES, happy hour on a Saturday at 8 pm. Bless Latinos for always knowing how to have a good time!Ok now the food -We did not order an appetizer, YET our awesome watier brought up out a small sampler plate since we were new customers; wings and things - all regular bar food.Entrees-Chicken burrito with salsa verde, rice and salad. Packed with flavor, the salsa verde definitely hit the spot and makes you crave some more.The better entree- Shrimp in garlic sauce. Please do not be take aback with the small size of the shrimp, they do give you maybe 10 or so. If you are a person with a big appetite you will need an additional order. This sauce is some of the best garlic sauce I've ever had - comparable to Malagas nearby or to Portuguese restaurants in Newark. I threw my white rice in the bowl to swim in the heavenly oceans of garlic.Our drinks were made quick and at half their price they tasted even better. Our waiter said the night to come is Fri night for Karaoke or Happy Hour during the week.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,5/25/2013,41,132,,10,4>This place made my weekend!I don't treat myself to professional massages often, but when I do, I usually slum it for $60/hr at some barebones Chinatown joint with questionable sanitation standards. But this past Saturday was my self-declared "treat yo' self day", so I decided to check out Massage Bella Vista.The place is simple but offers all the basics you would expect from a spa - a clean, quiet atmosphere, welcome refreshments, and friendly service. I couldn't really understand why the previous reviewers were so excited by the option to choose your own music and massage oil scents, but after looking at the lists myself, I was pumped. Spa music is nice and all, but I love to unwind to folk rock and I really appreciated this personalized detail. Scent options included citrus, vanilla and lavender; music options included spa, female singer/songwriter,  and Radiohead (if I remember correctly).My masseuse, Nicole, was great. She asked beforehand if I had any problem areas and dedicated extra attention to them during my 60-min Swedish massage. Usually I have an issue with people never being able to find the right amount of pressure to apply, but Nicole was perfect the entire time. The room was clean and the table was warm. I also really enjoyed the warm neck pillow. Divine. Afterwards, I was presented a truffle and was allowed to finish it (and my tea) in peace before I voluntarily approached the receptionist to pay. For $65/hr, this place is my officially my new go-to place for massages. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/24/2013,245,509,4,8,4>Can I tell you how gorgeous I feel? Can I tell you how I am the happiest girl in Philadelphia?I met Pam a few years ago at her previous place of employment. She is one of the best waxers around. She is gentle, she is thorough, and she is so easy to talk to. We recently ran into each other on the street and she told me where she working. That was monday! Today is thursday and I am so happy.I generally do not wax my eyebrows that often, but they were getting grungy. They also squeezed me in today. I called today at lunch an they said they could easily squeeze me in. The salon is gorgeous. They have coffee and tea and a selection of cookies to nosh on. Pam took me in right away. She had me lay back and she used my fave blue wax. I look amazing. I am so thrilled and constantly impressed by Pam's magical abilities with wax. She is amazing. If you are nervous at all she will put you right at ease. I have not been for a brazilian here yet, but I can speak on authority to how great of a wax Pam used to do. I am going back for a brazilian before I go away to the beach! Plus this place is a block from my house! Amazing!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,5/23/2013,69,139,8,9,10>Im not a very big fan of sandwiches. But no wait, that was yesterday morning because I had Paesanos for lunch. Yep.Me and my picky friend split the Paesanos and the Diavlo. God i've never put a sandwich so succulent in my mouth before, and the fact that the bread soaked up all the juice was super. The sharp provolone was a tad too sharp for me personally, but hell who cares cause everything else rocked. The meat was in heaps and an egg is always welcome to the party. The roasted potatoes on the side for $2 are simply a great substitute for fries. Loaded with all the fat they promised and then some +garlic, wins from all directions. My  friend kept raving about it, something I have never witnessed before in my life from him. P.S: They have orange cream soda. Yah say no more & I'll be back to try the chicken liver sandwich.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/22/2013,146,432,3,9,5>It was love at first bite with Chili Szechuan and me.  The first time I tasted their tantalizingly spicy food, I was hooked.  I food-fantasized for days until I finally went back for more.Chili Szechuan serves authentic Szechuan Chinese cuisine (similar to Han Dynasty's food, except it's cheaper & generally better).  NOTE: Szechuan cuisine is often SPICY & HOT & NUMBING.  That's what Szechuan cuisine is.  You can ask them to prepare it medium or mild instead of hot, which will turn down the heat a bit, but the base flavours (from hot peppers, Szechuan peppercorns) are themselves spicy & numbing if you order a spicy dish.  If you think Sriracha Rooster sauce is hot, you might want to avoid the spicy dishes (or work up to them step by step).That said, I always go back for the fish: the Szechuan chili sauce fish & Dry pot fish. Both dishes have tender slices of fish in a spicy numb-with-Szechuan-peppercorns chili oil sauce that I can't get enough of.  This tender spicy fish is what I crave ALL THE TIME.I haven't tried everything on the menu yet but all the Szechuan food I've had here is good.  The Benben chicken and cold sesame noodles are what got me hooked the first time.  The Benben chicken (listed as an appetizer) is cool, smooth, succulent chicken served with a peppercorn-chili oil.  Spicy lamb chops and lotus root w/ pickled vegetable are also great.  I love lotus root & I don't often see it on menus, so it's great that they do it.I can't wait to try more dishes here -- it's been rather difficult since I already have faves that I MUST HAVE each time.  As with life in general, Chili Szechuan is full of tough choices.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/20/2013,331,353,10,9,11>Sometimes a girl just needs a hotdog.  Tired of the endless salads that often come at lunch time, Underdogs has earned a spot in my lunch rotation.  The dogs are decent and offer fun toppings that can take you from Thailand to Greece with their ingredients.  Sir Mixalot may beg,"Don't lose those buns hun" but I beg to differ.  I think they overpower the dog, even with all the fixins.  A minor complaint and certainly not something that keeps me away.I base 80% on my decision to dine here based on their fries and while they pretty much consume my caloric allowance, I don't really care.  They are my favorite version of fried potatoes: skin on, perfectly salted, and come with an aioli of your choosing.  A combo will cost you less than $8, which in these parts, is a good deal.  Plus there is always enough fries to share.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,5/19/2013,197,138,3,10,4>LOVE this consignment store!I was in a... poorly planned situation, where I needed a few new pants the night before going abroad, and most things in Center City were closed. Then I remembered about this Greene Street, which just opened a week or two ago in the awkward Wawa/Beijing plaza at Penn. So I scuttled over and was SO incredibly impressed!The exterior and interior are bright, well-lit, and extremely well-organized. The staff were warm and friendly, even later in the night, and the dressing rooms are a free-for-all (a huge plus in my book.) But the best part was the selection of clothes!! Greene Street seems to be higher end than your regular thrift or consignment store, so the quality is excellent, but the prices are still fantastic. It's like a mini-Buffalo Exchange, right on Penn's campus--choices range from business formal to casual to fempunk eclectic (oops, me.) There is also a huge variety in the sizes offered, and they have styles to flatter everyone. The accessories are also fantastic, if you want to buy them.Especially if you're in the University City area, PLEASE check out Greene Street. Awesome clothes that can fit a college budget. I was super impressed, and I can't wait until my next visit, so see what they have in store!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,5/18/2013,109,148,2,6,5>Great food and great service....that's as good as it gets for me. We ate here last night after having a BBQ craving. I had previously eaten at their Roosevelt Blvd. location so I knew what to expect. I couldn't decide between the ribs and the brisket and went with the dry rub ribs. I loved them. The guy at the counter snuck me a tiny piece of brisket so I could try it for next time...delish! Corn on the cob was standard grilled corn which I liked. Hubs loved the mac and cheese and both of us loved a loaded fries. Mine had a cheese sauce, which I preferred, his had real melted cheese. Yes, this was certainly an "off the diet" night. Two staff members came to see how we liked our food and to check on us, which I appreciated. There are a variety off BBQ sauces on the table. I wish they had been labeled because I ended up trying the hot sauce and while the hubs liked it...I'm not a hot sauce kind of gal. People keep comparing this place to the other BBQ joints in this location. I was a die hard fan of Rosie's and I'm happy that another BBQ joint that is just as good has taken its place. While Rosie's had some things that I'll miss (the pickle bar, the dry rub fries), Fat Jack's more than makes up for it with their larger menu and greater variety of sides (mashed potatoes!)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,4/8/2012,203,272,6,17,6>So their website kind of lies. But not in a bad way. The all-you-can-eat buffet (including BBQ) is 13.99, and not 17.99 as stated. Only 9.99 if you forgo the BBQ. Be warned, it's not rodizio-style where they waltz around bringing meat to you in funny pirate pants. You have to get up off your lazy ass and walk up to the guy manning the grill. Also, the atmosphere is not what you would call classy, but it's casual, clean, and comfortable. Plus, the people who work here are super friendly. Accordingly, the food is tasty and unpretentious. The items offered at the buffet are not fussy or overdone, they're like homemade Brazilian comfort food. This place is unlike the heavily-orchestrated high-end rodizio restaurants, and it seems really authentic and genuine. And the BBQ, while slightly on the salty side, is totally delicious. The flavoring is pretty similar to that at high-end rodizio places, which also tend to be on the salty side, but without the absurd price tag. In my opinion, the price difference is worth more than the quality difference, and the lower price means you don't feel the need to stuff yourself to death to get your money's worth. They also offer a variety of delicious Brazilian sodas and juices like mango, passionfruit, and what I think was cupuaçu juice (the lady didn't know the English name for the Brazilian fruit).As an added bonus, they have live Brazilian music on Saturday nights. Pretty awesome.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,4/7/2012,212,160,3,5,5>A VERY welcome addition to the neighborhood! I've been watching this place under construction for months and I'm so glad it met my expectations.Go-go dancers, an array of whiskey, awesome food and an amazing draft list. 3 Philosophers on tap? Are you kidding me?I stopped by with a friend opening night and got a sampler of some of their snacks too. Everything was excellent. Rich, delicious, homemade comfort food. I can't wait to go back and try their sandwiches.The cocktails were great, too, and I was really pleased with their whiskey selection. I'm so glad I live around the corner--I fully intend on trying them all. The prices are very reasonable, with cocktails being around $6.By the way, don't let the idea of dancers put you off for any reason. They're not stripping, they're just cute ladies dressed in adorable 60's garb having a fun time on stage.I look forward to frequenting this place.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,4/6/2012,88,127,3,4,5>One of the best breakfasts I've had by far, and so accessible! This is a place you could make a Sunday staple - delicious, warm, homey, affordable. As long as you have some patience.One - call ahead. Depending on how far away you are, you could probably call while you're blowdrying your hair. I put my name in 45 minutes to an hour ahead and waited about 10 minutes before we were seated. As long as you remember to do this, you will be fine.The food is fantastic. I went with a group of friends, which meant tasting more things. My eggs benedict florentine were the best I've had, hands down, ever, in the history of eggs. The hollandaise sauce was perfect and I get really nitpicky about that stuff. The stuffed French toast is MEANT TO SHARE unless you're an ogre. The joy on people's faces when their plates were set in front of them was ridiculous.Service-wise, this place is understandably busy, but I think they hold up well. The hostesses can seem a bit brusque but I can forgive them that. The crowd is a mix of students and...students with their families, not too loud, not too many bros. I went to Drexel so I don't mind being back at all. The only thing is it's not a BYOB, so no possibility of a mimosa for me. But otherwise, I highly recommend this spot - great for Sunday brunch, great for a casual date, great for groups, great for...your stomach. Loved it all and will be back frequently.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/5/2012,189,352,2,5,4>I've been in and out of a ton of coffee places due to having most of my friends back in grad school in addition I've befriended a coworker who has a serious addiction to coffee (you know, the kind of person who changes personality from evil to wicked when they lack caffeine). So here's what I look for:1. Are there ample tables for my nerdy friends to study? Answer: Yes!!! the back area is huge! and they have small AND big wooden tables so we can all sit together like one big dorky west-side-of-washington-square-park gang. Weeeest siiiiiide!2. Can my nerdy friends plug their 6 million devices i.e. ipad/laptop/phone/nook/tape recorder/electric shaver (hey, you gotta OPTIMIZE your free time) in the outlets? Answer: Yes!! And there are a decent number of them against the walls and patrons are good about sharing.3. While my friends study and I'm bored I'd like to eat and drink as many different things as humanly possible, please. So, what's the selection like? Answer: Lots of variety! hot drinks, cold drinks, freezing drinks (smoothies), fun drinks (caramel apple cider and other seasonal goodies), italian drinks (italian sodas that is), etc. With a normal cafe selection of muffins, cookies, scones, bagels, soups etc. 4.Can I do my meditation in here or is it more like a dance party? Answer: Ummm, it's kind of in between. Was here on a Saturday and "Hey Jude" was bumpin' to what I call a "fun" level-- loud enough that I was straaaaining to eavesdrop on the people behind me talking about yeast infections in dogs. Apparently dogs I think I heard can get them in their ears???? Bring earplugs if you need absolute silence/have a problem not listening to strangers casually talk about yeast infections.5.What's the price like? Answer: $3 for a bottomless coffee mug. BOOYAH.Gotta love it. But since I don't drink much coffee, I got the honey ginger chai tea latte. YUMMY BOOYAH!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/4/2012,314,288,7,6,9>I had no intention of day drinking on Saturday, March 10. "The Erin Express is stupid," I told Zack H and friends. We're not in college anymore. And it's not even St. Patrick's Day. By 4:30pm, I was in University City and my caloric consumption for the day had added up to 1 piece of toast, 2 egg whites and 4 Coors Lights. I was getting a little lightheaded watching the Drexel dance team grind up on each other at the Blockley and I needed to eat. To Bobby's Burger Palace we went.It's hard to find a turkey burger (or black bean burger, for that matter) that isn't "southwestern" themed. You can keep your chipotle mayo and your mango salsa, thanks. I was overjoyed that I could pick from nearly a dozen different themed burgers and ANY of them could be made with ground turkey (or chicken!). Not sure why there isn't a veggie burger option. Bobby, get on it.I chose the L.A. Burger, which came topped with watercress, avocado, cheddar cheese and tomato. Can you say perfection? Juicy, flavorful meat with a great patty:bun ratio. The bun held onto the toppings with strength and diligence. The sweet potato fries were pretty good, but I think I'd choose regular next time (even though they are the same price). The ordering system was easy. Order your burger up front and they bring it to you. I had a grand time imagining an angry Bobby Flay (twitter.com/#!/angrybobb) in the kitchen while I waited for my meal. Not sure why people are complaining about prices. Two burgers, an order of fries and two beers came to $25. We came, we ate, we conquered. Then we moved to the next bar.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/3/2012,82,189,7,15,17>This is no ordinary park.Not only is Graeme Park green and beautiful, with nice places to walk, a pretty pond, and quacky ducks, it is also immensely entertaining for anyone with a pulse and penchant for stories of people who misbehave. Graeme Park was the home of Elizabeth Graeme Fergusson, once named "the most learned woman in America." Born in the early 1700s in an age where virtually everyone was illiterate and women were denied higher education, Fergusson gave 'em all the F U and taught herself everything. She became famous for her writing and poetry and hosted America's first evening literary salons which meant people had to put aside the butter churns, lace up and head over for a lit and poetry jam.Her story has some crazy twists and turns including Just Saying No to marrying Ben Franklin's boy, to secretly marrying a penniless dickbag Brit loyalist who chowed down on her cash and ran for exile when they lost the war, leaving her with no dollars and no cents, just her property ... but since the husband was a Brit licking traitor, it was confiscated. One can only imagine what her poems became then.Anyway she hustled the property back into her hands and spent her remaining days selling off pieces of it to survive. At some point the guilts got ahold of her about her secret marriage so she girded her loins to tell her dad. While you are touring her original home ($6 -- worth every nickle), you will be in the same room she was, by the same window sill she sat in, gazing out the same window she did at her father coming down the stone path toward the house, carrying a cup of tea, when boom he keels over and dies just like that and she never gets to tell him she was bad. Talk about guilt! Shame! It's a great story, and it keeps getting better.Not to mention the tour guide -- he is solid gold! Tremendously entertaining in his own right, our retired microbiology professor turned tour guide knew EVERYTHING about her, her family, and the house. It was by turns dishy and deep and really gave me the chills - a true sense of what it meant to live in colonial and revolutionary America, and how so many aspects of the human experience transcend time.TIP: Before you take the house tour, take a few minutes to read the story boards, and absolutely watch the video. It's a little weird, filmed in VHS and oddly narrated, it's also a fabulous orientation to what you're about to see.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,4/2/2012,203,269,1,8,7>Oh, oh, oh! The Tomato Bistro! (That rhymes, right?)I discovered the existence of this place at Yelp's Backstage Pass Party at Union Transfer. These guys have some great PR going on.So it's called The Tomato Bistro. But that's not all they have. We ordered mostly off their tapas menu, with the exception of their duck & apple pizza (full disclosure: we had a coupon for a free pizza from the Yelp Event). Actually, let's start with the duck  & apple pizza. Amazingly different, and a brilliant combination. Take a look at their menu for more tempting toppings.And the chicken & waffles. Not the typical "Roscoe's" style fried chicken and waffles, but an interpretation I'd eat over and over again. Certainly less guilt-inducing.And, by chance, we were there on Thursday, which is Flight Night! $6.99 beer flights, what a deal! A positively casual atmosphere that I would not hesitate to revisit.Pleasant surprises: Free tomato bisque with a biscotti inside upon sitting down, and free valet parking! Do yourself a favor and stop on by!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,4/1/2012,185,680,9,10,8>Opulent. That's not really useful...I know...but it's the best succinct description of the Academy of Music that I've got. Opulent. This one word describes everything majestic and grand about the Academy of Music without bombarding you without too many adjectives describing the grand beauty of the ceiling...the plushness of the theatre seats...the feeling of time inversion musical goers sense as they are ushered to their velvety chairs.Opulent.Even if your show of choice isn't up to par (which really isn't likely...Next to Normal rocked socks and was the BEST portrayal of mental illness seen in media yet)...even if you get a parking ticket...even if your new haircut makes you look like the newest member of the Gotti family, you won't be disappointed or sad for long. Opulent. The mere interior architecture of this place will turn your play into the most touching show you've ever seen...your car into a Maserati...and your hair style into the new Rachel or the new Bieber do'.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,3/31/2012,81,125,7,5,7>I usually skip breakfast and not because I don't like it.  But once I had a taste of the oven-baked bagels at Spread Bagelry, passing up my first meal of the day has become a lot more difficult.An everything bagel with scallion cream cheese spread topped a followup visit's nova lox spread on sesame.  The bagels themselves are flawless, crunchy and chewy. The seating, a long wooden banquette and a few bistro tables, in the back is rustic and inviting, but often very hot due to the large oven in the center of the store.Prices are gouging - $13 for coffee, bagel and juice; $28 for two dozen takeaway bagels  - but I've never been one to complain about spending good dough on good dough.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,3/30/2012,146,222,7,11,7>Update - I'm now ready to share my modest fitness prowess.  No longer do I feel as if I'd been hit by a dump truck after my PTF workouts with Sgt. Nate.  After 6 to 8 weeks of recovery pain* I'm now at a point where I feel only gentle "reminders."  Bonus points & stars to Sgt. Nate because he always has the perfect stretch to alleviate my muscle woes.My results speak loud and clear - as amazing yelpers Christine B & Katrina C can also attest.  When I started in the beginning of October I was not able to complete a full push up, I could do 23 rowers (situps) in 1 minute & run a mile in 7:47.  Two months with Sgt. Nate and I can now do 20 real push-ups & 37 rowers in a minute as well as run a mile in 7:17.  Thanks Sarg & all my fellow PTFers I couldn't have done it without you!*Note: I did NOT have a strict workout regimen before joining PTF, hence my blubbery muscles & associated recovery pain from Ranger Training workouts.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,2/11/2013,268,273,6,7,5>Whole Foods stopped stocking Mori Nu silken tofu which gave me a major case of the sads. I was referred to H Mart by a few different people and they did not let me down. Not only did I hit a bonanza of Mori Nu, it was half the price of Whole Paycheck, er, Foods.I also hit up the Paris Baguette bakery while I was there. If you're at H Mart, you pretty much have to go there. It smells insanely good and the pastries glow from the windows. I split a couple of red bean donuts and an almond croissant with my husband. The croissant was just okay. The red bean donuts were fantastic. Stick with the asian-style pastries here, and you will not be sorry.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,2/10/2013,212,160,14,13,6>My only experience with this here clinic was the emptying of my little man's change purse, and, as terrible as that thought is for me to process, they made sure the life changing operation went as smoothly as possible for him. The morning of the procedure I dropped Buddy off in their very spartan waiting room, but that didn't worry me as it was bright, it smelled extremely clean, and the lack of frills conveyed a sense that they were all business. Spent five to ten minutes filling out the paper work, then I bid my mutt farewell, they took his whimpering and soon to be fruitless arse in the back, and I went on my way. After his demasculinising, they put him in the recovery room where I was able to watch him via web-cam as he recouperated. Eventually he started to twitch and generally wake up, so he was taken back to a cage off camera, and I knew everything went well. They kept him overnight to ensure no complications arose, and then I picked him up the next morning with some handling instructions from a nurse and a new cone for his collar (obviously designed to raise his home destroying prowess). There was no surgery "souvenir" in a carrying pouch/sample jar, so nothing to bronze for the trophy case; I suppose you'd have to special request something like that.Also got the beast chipped here for only $20, and they clipped his door ruining talons without me asking (or paying either), but the best part of the whole encounter was that my newly made eunuch received his neutering on the cheap; they have a special wherein your Pit Bull, pure bred or mongrel, can be spayed/neutered for $25. Only complaint I have is that I'd always heard the snip snap makes dogs a bit more docile, when in fact my monster came home with more energy than I'd seen in him yet, and 4 months later he still hasn't slowed down.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,2/9/2013,563,317,11,7,5>Once a year...in October...a dormant gene comes to life and propels me towards German food and beer.  Not to be confused with the Italian gardening gene, that makes Italian men grow tomatos, peppers, garlic, etc. once they hit their 40's, the German (or Oktoberfest) gene creates insatiable cravings for bratwurst, pickles, saurkraut, potato salad, and strudel.Rieker's simply excels in all things German.  I was throwing an Oktoberfest party at my house, and needed lots of stuff.  Everything was great; I went with three different brats (beerwurst, knockwurst, and oktoberfest)....all smoked...a tub of potato salad (served without mayo...unique and delish), and saurkraut (I'm not a kraut fan but this stuff was good).  I also picked up three different authentic mustards, a couple jars of pickles, and two different strudels.The party was a hit.  The proverbial icing on the strudel was that a German national came along who was in town on work, and was actually from Bavaria.  He confirmed that the food was authentic to the region and as good as home.  We washed down the food with some German beers (Hofbrau Original, Spaten, etc.) that I picked up from the Beer Yard in Wayne.Well, the Oktoberfest gene has gone back into dormancy for another year, no longer driving me...like salmon returning to their spawning grounds...toward German delicacies.  However...my garlic is up...
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/8/2013,24,238,12,7,5>High end, this is not. Fancy, this is not. Good-ass food, THIS IS. Seriously, son. This place is one step below the Ikea cafeteria in terms of look and feel. You couldn't pick a worse place in the city to open a restaurant. Fortunately for them, their food is off the hook. Dumplings and juicy buns that are absolutely the balls. Traditional dishes like sesame chicken, et al that will blow the chopsticks off your local go-to joint. If I lived downtown, I would be here weekly. Shit, I live in South Philly and I might anyway.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/7/2013,125,201,19,7,8>Before making your reservation at Chifa, take a moment to consider whether you want to sleep with whoever's going to dinner with you. If yes, ask for the slinky back room (it's foxy back there); if no, sit in the front, in the light of day, where no one would expect an orgy to occur.There's a (not so) secret vegetarian menu, so ask for it if you're not eating animals. I kind of love having a separate, special menu; it makes me feel more like a member of a cool secret club and less like a weirdo inconvenience to chefs who'd rather be cooking pork belly and octopi. Also, options! So nice to have options. Garces takes good care of his herbivores.Tofu belly buns (...where is a tofu's belly, anyway?) have a delightful mixture of doughy, sweet, spicy and acidic flavors (the pickled stuff really sets off the hoisin glazed tofu nicely). I slurped every last drop of the super-savory mushroom udon, and I don't even like mushrooms. Dessert was less thrilling: a lemon custard that had started to separate (topped by a perfect meringue, though) and a few bites of my friend's sweet but unexciting flourless chocolate thing and ice cream. And a really good cup of coffee. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/6/2013,152,457,7,10,8>Shhhhhh...can you keep a secret? There's this "coffee" place casually named 4th Street Cafe at the corner of 4th and Race, next to Kisso. Walking by, you won't be able to see it; there's no visible sign on the outside, just some logos pasted on the windows from the inside. You can no way tell that this place houses some top secret pow wows with a side of caffeine.You walk in, and you will immediately feel like you are walking into the basement of a secret society. You will see that they serve Intelligentsia coffee and tea, Le Bus sandwiches and salads, South Street Bagels, and homemade soups. They make it pet friendly even: a water bowl for the dog and even treats behind the counter.Order yourself a drink and start moving towards the back of the "cafe" and you will see leather couches and even a juke box. This may look like a harmless hangout place, but I know that some top secret stuff goes on back there. I saw some military boot prints even amidst the mysterious aura, dim lighting.Even though they are only "open" until 3, someone tipped me that they will be extending the hours to the evening sometime this month. I'm only guessing this is to cover up the real motive of the establishment, which is ... (a secret). I won't buy into that spy crap, but I will be sure to frequent this place for their caffeine. Unless, of course, they dust my drink, but by then, I probably wouldn't even care.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,2/5/2013,361,266,3,12,7>LOVE IT. Brought friends from out of town here and we had the BEST time! I'd been wanting to try Pumpkin forever, and when I had friends coming and found out we could get 1000 Opentable points for a reservation (Thursday at 9, but other times were available) it was a done deal. I also just got the City Dining Cards and there's one for Pumpkin (half the reason I bought them).The atmosphere is great: intimate, low lighting, not too many seats, roomy tables, but not too loud. The service was wonderful: the waitress took our coats, and was SUPER helpful about describing (in detail) everything we asked her about (which was pretty much everything on the menu). When someone says, "these are the best scallops I've ever had" and describes raw fish like it's a piece of art, you listen.THE FOOD (see photos)Kanpachi Crudo-with pomegranate seeds, mustard seeds, and Asian pear: this was my favorite, so fresh, the raw fish just melted in your mouth, the flavors were amazing together, and just the right amount of kick.Scallops- with lentils and beets: these were my friend's favorite, pan seared perfection and amazing (only 3 though, so don't order if you are more than 3).Beef Cheeks-with black garlic and root vegetables: SO TENDER. the meat just fell off at the touch of a fork, the orange flavor was amazing but not overpowering, sauce was delicious, and vegetables were cooked great too.Monkfish-with brussel sprouts, potatoes, and creme fraiche: the waitress described this as a "deconstructed chowder" and it was really good.Fluke- with artichoke puree, trumpet mushrooms and read wine: my friend described it as "the best thing she'd eaten in a looooong time." Cooked perfectly and delicious.Creamed Spinach- with gruyere: crunchy on top, delicious all over.Chocolate cake-with banana caramel, coconut, passion fruit sorbet. DELICIOUS and the perfect way to end a perfect meal. Crunchy delicious bits of chocolate/cookie crumbs/coconut, delicious caramel drenched bananas, moist, rich chocolate cake, topped with great sorbet.After the appetizers and main course and sides, we were pretty full. The portions look small but the food was so delicious that we really savored it and it ended up being more than enough food. But when the dessert menu came around we couldn't resist and as my out of town friends said "you only go to Pumpkin once!" (hopefully that's not true) so we ordered dessert and I was glad we did. We were working on a good amount of wine and were the last people in the restaurant but they were super sweet about letting us stay as long as we wanted and we did not feel pressured at all even though they were clearly closing.And the seeds they send you home with are just icing on the cake.HIGHLY RECOMMEND AND CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,2/4/2013,293,115,4,17,11>I came here on New Years Eve with a special person. We arrived with lofty expectations and were blown away by the quality of food and service after it was all said and done. This is a special place. Here's why:Vernick Food & Drink is modern American cuisine specializing in simple, yet refined cooking. It has a carefully designed trendy décor thanks to a restaurant experiment that has brought the Rittenhouse foodie scene to another level. I loved the architecture, ambiance and laid-back atmosphere. We already ate dinner beforehand, so we only ordered several plates. However, the two of us did sample and destroy:FOOD:Fromage blanc & Kumquats on toast $7ABSOLUTELY DELISH. Beef tartare, fresh horseradish on toast $12MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH.House-made mozzarella, mango, basil & sea salt $12FRESH AND LIGHT. SIMPLY DELIGHTFUL.Pecan pie with coffee gelato $10BLOWS YOUR TASTE BUDS AWAY.DRINK (Recommend):Classic cocktail: Martinez $12OLD TOM GIN, VERMOUTH, MARASCHINA, ORANGECurrent cocktail: CL smooth $12EL DORADO 3 yr, COCCHI AMERICANO, GRAPEFRUIT & PEATThe short and sweet - everything, food and drinks, was prepared to perfection on this night...no complaints. Service was impeccable (Thanks to Greg Vernick and our server, Heather).We had a great night and I will definitely go back soon!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,2/3/2013,258,188,17,9,9>PATCO, from the French "pas des caux", meaning "to totally not suck".  Okay, it doesn't mean that, but who cares?When you need to teleport into Philly from the Southern Suburban Jerz, this is the preferred method.  Take 295 south, park at Woodcrest, pay your $3, and *poof*, you are magically transported.  It is so much easier than swimming across the Delaware River, I tell you, and the Hepatitis C risk is way lower.  Sit in front, next to the driver, and watch out the front window for an amazing view.  If someone has already claimed that seat, throw them off the train using force, if necessary.  It's worth the attending assault charge.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/2/2013,57,121,3,7,4>Til there was you.Small, cozy, fun atmosphere. We go here a couple times a month, when we want to relax and have a tasty dinner. Solid draft list, with the occasional tap takeover. Everything on the menu is a great value. For $10, you are fed! Buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and a mound of fries with delicious dipping sauce is my current favorite. I also appreciate the music selection.Yep, this is my favorite bar in East Falls. Since I moved from Center City to East Falls, my reviews have tended to be 3 stars and less. A staple, we know it will always be good.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/28/2014,59,220,2,9,5>Over a year later, I still give this place 5 stars. This is based on 15+ visits. This may seem excessive, but it is the #1 option near my new home, and it is a REALLY good one.The green beans, the burgers, the BRUNCH, oh my gosh, the brunch. The daily specials which are always different, exciting, and reasonable. I love the constantly changing beer selection, and most of all, I really like the people that come here. This place attracts a great crowd, and please, let's keep it that way!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,2/27/2014,159,219,3,7,5>I've always loved Greek food and looked forward to dining at Estia for the first time. I decided it would be a great place to take my wife for her birthday. We began with Spanakopita, which was excellent. It was large enough to share between two people. My wife ordered Plaki, which is sea bass in a sweet and savory tomato sauce, with onions, tomatoes, green peppers, carrots, potatoes, capers and thyme. It was very delicious.I ordered Arni Piadakia, which is lamb chops that have been marinated for three days in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs. In my opinion, Estia has the best lamb chops I have ever tasted. If you like lamb chops, I highly recommend this selection. You won't be disappointed. My only suggestion is different potatoes. The potato tiganites is basically French fries. For dessert, we shared Karidopita, which is a traditional honey walnut cake. It's very sweet and tastes like it was soaked in honey. We both loved it. It was accompanied with a scoop of vanilla gelato. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the great service our server, Mark, provided. He took the time to explain a lot, made recommendations and much more. It made our great dining experience even greater. I definitely plan to return again. Next time, I'll take advantage of the theatre menu.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/26/2014,89,267,4,12,8>This was my first "cigar bar" experience and definitely one worth having again. The decor is very subdued, swanky and feels upscale - exactly the kind of place you want to be enjoying a cigar like a baller. My friend and I sat in leather chairs along the side wall, which was the perfect set up for conversation, not so close that we were uncomfortable and not so far that we weren't able to hear one another. The only drawback was that the waitress, while very nice and attentive, didn't seem to have a lot of knowledge of cigars. However, she made up for it by referring us to the aficionado in the humidor. I can really appreciate someone who knows what they don't know and are willing to admit it rather than faking it. The whiskey list is extensive and I enjoyed every sip. I will certainly be back for another.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/25/2014,194,389,3,7,6>I have been here for lunch a few times. This is a great addition to the food court. Green Medley has the freshest and healthiest ingredients by far out of all of the places in the food court. This is a must for vegan and vegetarians. My favorite dish is the arugala and mango salad which is seasonal and I hope it makes a come back in the summer. The first couple of times I ate from here I didn't even realize it was vegetarian. The chicken salad is very good and I think is better than any traditional chicken salad that I have had. There is all kinds of stuff in the chicken salad which together makes a great taste. And the best part is you can get any order in either a salad, wrap or sandwich. The prices are on par with Salad Works, and I find this place much more interesting with nicer employees than Salad Works. The owner Gautam really does care about his business and making his customers happy. And how often is it that the owner actually speaks to you at an establishment?
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/24/2014,92,80,10,8,9>When did chalk boards outside restaurants make a resurgence in Philadelphia?  I mean, they've been a staple of most new American joints in this town for a few years.. but now they're practically EVERYWHERE.  And folks, they work.En route to catch the tail end of happy hour at Perch Pub tonight, a casual stroll up Locust with a friend this evening turned into an unforgettable wine and pizza meal, full of outstanding service and smiley, adorable elderly doughboys.  Needless to say, we never made it to Perch, but rather enjoyed two solid $5 glasses of Sangiovese alongside two crispy, perfectly-rendered Roman-style Sopresatta pizzas.  A little spicy, a ton of delicate flavors, and even a drizzle of honey (!) for good measure, this pizza was perfect.All it needed was an egg on it but I'm the one to blame for not suggesting it from the outset.  Shame on me.  The server thought it would've been a great idea.  Next time - and there will most definitely be a next time.  And very, very soon.  Philadelphians, do you know a better happy hour deal than a $5, 10'' Nomad freaking pizza!?  4:30-6:30 M-Th.  $4 select craft draught and $5 select wine.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/23/2014,467,310,3,14,10>What.....? I gave a pretzel baker a 5 star review before also. For what they serve, Moe's deserves every star that I gave them. I had never heard of Levi's brand hot dogs before having them here. Up until trying them here, the best brand that I had tasted was Best Kosher. It's almost ridiculous to put quality and hot dog in the same sentence. But it absolutely belong together when describing what's served here. Countless variations of hot dogs served here, most named to reflect something from the city's history. One of my favorites is the Wilt's Works, simply with spicy mustard, relish, and sauerkraut. The other item that I get is called the Bambino. It's a hot sausage on an Italian roll with spicy mustard and pepper hash...If you've never had this before, the  pepper hash is the difference maker that will have you wanting another with your next order. Full breakfast is served here also. Pancakes, eggs, fried potatoes, bacon, scrapple, you name it....Nice, fun atmosphere inside with a very friendly staff. Stop in and enjoy a 5 star hot dog....
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,2/22/2014,91,132,4,8,7>Okay okay okay. It's finally time to lift the "Han Ban" as my friends Eric G., Dennis O., and Dan W. would half-affectionately call my distaste for their favorite restaurant on earth. It started by throwing Eric G. a surprise 30th birthday here (he would never suspect I would take him to the handynasty) - boy was he surprised! Food was great, so of course, a few months later when I read that Han has just come back from China and had some new dishes to try out for the infamous 12-course tasting menu, I knew I had to go. February's tasting: by the time the 8th course rolled around, I was in a spicy food coma and don't remember many details, but I can say it was DELICIOUS. We tried come back for March, but it was booked, so April 1st... we shall meet again. I can predict the future: it will be spicy. And it will be good. And Han will have some funny, drunken jokes.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,2/21/2014,268,273,1,10,11>I was kind of a hard sell on Blackbird Pizza. I'm more of a veggie-loving kind of vegan, and pizza was never my favorite meal. But Blackbird won me over with awesome specialty pizzas like the wonderfully spicy Nacho Pizza topped with cheddar Daiya, jalapeno peppers and fresh avocado slices. Avocado and pizza, together at last, and it is transcendant.But the shocker here is that Philly's best, most creative pizzeria (vegan or otherwise) is actually Philadelphia's best sandwich shop. They have removed a couple of delightful options on the menu, such as the chickpea parm (please, bring it back, you guys!) but there's still a long list of yummy sandwiches from which to choose. I've sampled the seitan cheesesteak, the Cubano, and the roasted portobello sandwich. All those sandwiches are fantastically tasty and are featured on a wonderfully fresh chewy Italian hoagie roll. I had the portabello sandwich most recently and it was absolutely mouthwateringly delicious. The roasted chopped up portabello mushrooms were tasty, the smoked shallots were not overpowering, the sundried tomato hummus was fantastic and the au jus that it came with put it over the edge. If you didn't get too full on the decadent pizza and sandwiches, I highly recommend taking one of the Vegan Treat's provided pastries to go. We shared a peanut butter cream whoopie pie after our meal which was just superb. Also, the staff here are quite welcoming and the service is fast.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/20/2014,136,112,3,17,11>I stopped in just a few days ago to weigh my options for my dad's birthday dessert and observed the following:SELECTION: There's a lot to choose from, considering the size of this cute little bakery! Cookies of all shapes and sizes, cakes of all different sorts, and pastries like the coconut strudel and the almond-filled bear claw. Everything looked fresh and delicious. Whatever you're craving, you're sure to find satisfaction here. TASTE: The cheesecakes and buttercakes were very tempting looking (and I'm sure I'll have the opportunity to try them someday), but for now I went with a pound cake. I have had my fair share of pound cake in my days, and let me tell you... Butter Crumbs Bakery has a great raspberry pound cake! The icing was a little too sweet and over powering, but the cake without the frosting was moist and very filling. I also got a black and white cookie for nostalgia's sake, which was great.PRICES: The pastries were all reasonably priced. For a raspberry pound cake to feed six, two strudels, and a black and white cookie, I paid just over eight dollars. The cleanliness of the bakery was up to par and the woman working was super nice. My family really enjoyed the treats I brought home. I will be back!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/19/2014,102,182,6,16,7>As a huge Top Chef fan, nabbing a reservation at Laurel was very important the second I read that it had opened and boy I'm happy I did. My guy and I decided to make it just the two of us for our first visit which was almost necessary because the place is super tiny and yet incredibly warm and adorable. From the second we walked in, I knew I was going to love this place. We were very warmly welcomed, I loved the feel and the service was top notch from beginning to end. Now onto our meal...We started with the Fluke with Asian pear. This was a wonderful start to the meal. The perfect amount of sweetness and then cut with a subtle taste of horseradish. Next was the Foie Gras terrine. I had never seen foie like this before and was happy to welcome it to my foie experiences. The foie came out marbled with a coco powder which added a subtle bitterness to the rich smooth foie. It came with a toasted, hot brioche and a sweet pepper like relish. This was great but i wished it was a tad sweeter. Then came the ricotta gnocchi with pancetta. Wow. This dish was homey and rich and yet light and delicate. I was in love. The gnocchi was so tender and sprinkled with sourdough croutons to add a perfect crunch. Lastly came our main dishes. Generally, I find myself always loving my appetizers more than the main at many restaurants but this time was an exception. We shared the Trout with burgundy snails and black quinoa. This was a wonderful dish. the skin was crispy and the snails were incredibly tender!Our other shared dish was the Poulet with Meyer Lemon reduction. I never order chicken while out but this dish just seemed too good to be true and our server highly recommended it so we went for it. This came out with two pieces of breast meat with very crispy skin and what we started to call an elevated chicken nugget! It was described as a chicken sausage, a mixture of chicken leg and thigh meat. Heaven. All this over perfectly cooked and delicious trumpet mushrooms. Order this, trust me. Our whole night from food, to service to atmosphere was fantastic.Unfortunately we didn't have any room left for dessert but trust me, we will absolutely be back!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,8/3/2011,52,69,7,14,6>Every year for the last 5 years, I have basically bought a new pair of glasses and then never wore them... it's because I have the flattest asian bridge EVER and it has been impossible to find glasses that don't just slide off my face or hit right up against my eyeballs.EVERYTHING HAS CHANGED.Checked out Ultimo Eyewear in Huntingdon Valley - and even though it was a bit of a trek for me, it was totally worth it. Full service shop! They have an optometrist and an optician who both are very friendly, helpful and extremely knowledgeable.  I decided to try daily wear contacts for the first time, and admittedly, I was skeptical because a) I was afraid of the cost and b) I just didn't think my vision would be as good in them. Timmy, the on-site optometrist, totally heard all my concerns and was sooooo patient with me as I annoyingly asked a barrage of questions and tried various samples of daily lenses -toric and non-toric! I appreciated his frank assessment of what I would actually need - he is the first optometrist who told me I probably didn't need to shell out the extra bucks for the toric lenses based on my astigmatism. YAY! On the eyewear side, this is one of the best eyeglass/sunglass frame shops I have seen in awhile. Not only do they have the line of usual designer suspects, but they also had really cool, new, interesting looking frames. Chris, the optician, told me they are one of the few carriers (apparently) of this exclusive brand DITA from Japan. The reason I mention this is because I was introduced to them and impulsively ended up buying a pair. Extremely sturdy, has a great weight/structure to them. The awesome part was that I hadn't even spent a few minutes trying to soak in the overwhelming number of frame choices before Chris started handing me frames that he thought would work for me. And lo and behold - he is the professional for a reason - the ones he handed me fit my face perfectly and eventually I found one I loved.So now, unwittingly, I'm the proud owner of a super-awesome pair of DITA frames and a year's supply of daily contacts! Oh, and these guys are super cool. They have a Microsoft KInect in their office. You can play while your friend gets his/her eyes checked. It's pretty awesome. How much better is that than a stack of old People/Scholastic magazines?!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,8/2/2011,151,303,,5,7>I am a sucker for outdoor concerts. The Mann does remind me of places like the Tweeter Center or Polaris Ampitheater in my hometown. However the big difference is the quality of shows at The Mann. The series they did last summer was amazing (as well as the postcard series!)It was a dream come true to see Pavement. I never thought this day would come. OK, that's besides the point of this review, but the fact that the Mann booked such a miraculous show is major, and the quality of the show was tip top as well. Acoustics/ighting/etc. A star is docked for three reasons: 1) parking area is a hot mess. I understand that people drink and carouse before the shows but there isn't a trash can in site so there was debris everywhere and this can be treacherous, esp in the summer when I wear sandals. Did you get your tetanous shot? 2) beer. there were tons of good beers (albeit pricey) but they were out of everything but budweiser and the like. ugh. 3) ticketing. I bought my tickets the minute they went on sale and the seats were way far back. What the...? I mean, I didn't really mind, but this wasn't a "sell out in 5 minutes" type of show so I don't get it. Maybe there was a presale or something I did not know about. Well, anyway, I love The Mann and I can't wait to see what they come up with next!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,8/1/2011,25,104,4,8,8>Pumpkin embodies the organic movement for me.  You feel good that you're being healthier and more earth-conscious, but it's hard to stomach buying a smaller head of lettuce for double the price of the behemoth down the aisle.  At this point in my economic life, I have seldom been moved by organic.   However, I did come to Pumpkin for their $35 restaurant week deal and had a really nice meal.  Their berkshire pork terrine was beautiful, with colorful chunks of pistachio and cherries throughout.  Their skate wing was crispy and tender and the young root veges were cooked to al dente perfection.  As dessert, their chocolate cake was perfect - warm, light, but still a bit gooey, accompanied by a nice scoop of coconut ice cream.  Each of the courses was also accompanied by a couple finely made sauces and garnishes that were just as tasty as pretty.  Everything was cooked very well, and I have few complaints.  But I think I met Pumpkin at the wrong time in my life.  One day when I'm older (and richer) we may yet become soul mates.  But for now, I'm looking for less demure and more portly companions.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,7/31/2011,189,352,5,6,5>JUICY BUNS. Everybody writes about it and they're right, man. Those soup dumplings turn me on. First of all, it's just amazing that they hold liquid. Thankfully I have above average chopstick skills and I managed to not stab a hole in those slippery and heavy suckers. Secondly, I love how you're so torn between gulping them down right away versus letting them cool. So I basically went for it and had an explosion of hot liquid in my mouth even though my friend kept emoting, "dooon't do it. doooon't do it!!" I didn't care. The pork ball in the middle made it worth it. And the look on my friend's face as soup spilled out of my mouth.I honestly can't remember anything else I ate because the juicy buns was nothing like I ever experienced before. PS don't go to this place for the ambiance. It's placed in one of the shadiest parts of Chinatown and the people who come here feel so transient-- like they accidentally stopped in while waiting for the Chinatown Bus to come. But I like how Dim Sum Garden doesn't try to make themselves fancy. They just embrace it, and provide semi-fast cheap food. But no quarters. Go somewhere for change for the meters or buy a soda.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,7/30/2011,101,151,6,8,5>Silly me I walked into this joint thinking that they had 44 beers on tap... but the 44 is really for them being located on the corner of 44th and Spruce. Oops.The bar area is dark and woody (did she say that?) with an old school jukebox. It was easy to find a seat by the bar, they also have a few bar tables and standing areas. I came here for happy hour (local beers $3, from 5-7 PM) with no intention to eat but how am I suppose to say no to something called "Shrooms and Chips" (Chicken fried mushroom strips served with homemade BBQ sauce and honey mustard, $11) or "Sticky Wings" (Spicy chilli laced wings, $8) or "Bacon Empanandas" (accompanied by sweet sweet sugary figs, $6)? There is a large selection of draft beer and even cask beer (seriously who orders cask beer? Please send me a PM and tell me what I'm missing.)The food was tasty, service was prompt and the bartenders were friendly. What more can you really ask for?
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,7/29/2011,151,206,5,11,5>This place deserves 4 stars. I never knew I liked Thai so much and this is definitely a restaurant I'm adding to my must visit again list. 1. It's BYOB. No corkage fee. Clutch.2. It's on South Street, in the quieter section, which is perfect because you won't be disturbed by noisy streetgoers and it's the perfect location if you want to hang out afterwards on South Street or walk a bit to Olde City.3. The service is good. Some of the waiter/resses aren't too proficient in English, but they'll quickly call someone over who can answer your questions. 4. It's perfect for either an intimate date, getting sauced with friends, or enjoying some family time. It's a small out of the way place in a fantastic location. It's pretty reasonably priced and the decor is cute.5. There are so many different food options! A really good selection for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. 6. Good for kids. There are plenty of choices for the young and old. 7. Did I mention it's BYOB? Getting sauced for cheap before heading out to South Street is key for the broke wo/man's budget.8. The food is delicious!!!! My friend got the Crispy Angel for appetizer and it was really good. The dipping sauce it comes with is hit or missing depending on your taste preferences, but I really enjoyed it. I got the Thai Salad for app. I enjoy the peanutty dressing and it was a good salad. It's a really good size and you can easily share if you want. For dinner I got the Roasted Duck with Vegetables. We were worried because duck can either be done well or terribly, but my plate was scrumptious. The vegetables were steamed to perfection and paired with a really tasty sauce. The plate was large and I couldn't stop eating, even after I was full. Duck is the way to go! My friend got the Radna. He wasn't impressed, but I didn't think it was too bad. I also only tasted the noodles and not the shrimp. He said the shrimp was too fishy, which I can understand can be a turnoff. Overall definitely a 4 star experience in my opinion. We went on a Friday night and there were only 2 other tables filled when we got there at 6:45. It started filling up as we ate, but no one was ever waiting for a table. We had reservations but we didn't need them. Maybe we its later in the evening. Very solid place to eat some good Thai.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,7/28/2011,125,201,13,16,13>I come here to see bands pretty often. I hear they have a patio and food and the photo booth and such, but for me it's always the same: walk upstairs, pick a beer off the mercifully easy-to-read chalkboard, elbow my way through that weird bottleneck at the end of the bar (why does everyone stand right there?) and wait/yearn to be transported by whoever's playing that night. Bands sound good here; there's a balcony if you want to try the bird's eye view; the ladies room is eons away from disgusting; they have cask beer and a bunch of bars so you won't have to wait a million years to get one; you can always find some space to mill around, even when the show's sold out. I've been thinking about it, but I don't think I can ask for much more from a place to see music... except for maybe a pony. How about a pony, Johnny Brenda's??
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,7/27/2011,99,109,6,8,7>A solid choice for pizza. Whether you're ordering slices or a pie, you'll get a perfect sauce-to-cheese ratio. Ok, it's a bit gooey, but that's because you're trying to stuff it in your face two seconds after it comes out of the oven. Easy tiger.As a huge fan of white pizzas everywhere, they win my approval for their iteration. Most toppings are basic options -- like nice salty pepperoni --and they're better that way. Don't get too fancy with it: stick to plain cheese or just one topping and you can't go wrong. Order some garlic knots or mozzarella sticks on the side to please your fatty belly, like I do.Delivery is smack around the 30 minute mark on average. No complaints there.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,7/26/2011,52,162,5,8,7>+10 for being a burrito bar+50 for being open until 2:30 AM on a Friday night +100 for being the place where I watched my best friend eat a 5 lb burrito in 1 hourI love burritos. I love Manayunk. I really have no idea how I've walked down Main street with the drunchies so many times without ever discovering this place. My friends and I wandered in here around midnight on a Friday night with the intentions of grabbing a quick burrito and then continuing to Pitchers next door.They had tons of options: various kinds of tortillas, 2 choices of rice, 2 choices of beans, various salsas, meat, and other toppings, including guacamole. That alone would have made me happy.But my ambitious friend saw the El Gringo Gordo challenge, where you get $20 and a tshirt if you can finish a 5 lb burrito in 1 hour. If not, you give them $20. When she asked if she could try it, they said that they usually only do it in the afternoons, but heck, they made an exception! It was so massive that they couldn't even wrap it up! She ate slowly and steadily, with encouragement from us and playful egging on from one of the servers. Finally, in the very last minute, she finished the pile of rice, tortilla, cheese, jalapenos, salsa, and walked away with a crisp $20 and a new tshirt.The staff were very friendly and patient even though it was after midnight, the burritos were delicious and the prices are comparable to Chipotle and Qdoba. I'm definitely coming back!Also, bonus points for the burrito man who looks like Robert Schwartzman, who I have a huge crush on.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,7/25/2011,71,177,1,5,3>You know what, I liked it! A LOT. And I'm hard to impress. I'm psyched to have another cool place in my neighborhood to go to. Food was very good - hard to ruin I suppose. My friend and I sampled several things: * Potato Pancake w/ lox and pickled onions* Weisswurst* Kasekrainer (tasty but kind of reminded me of something unmentionable)* Spaetzle with Gravy* Soft Pretzel (which is the size of a steering wheel)FYI - All of the sausages come in a paper boat w/ a side of kraut or cabbage, if you want a roll, you must request it.Actually all food is served in paper boats and the flatware is cornstarch- based biodegradable ware which is a better alternative for our landfills. Separate counters for bev and food; you will get a large table number after you've placed your food order and it will be brought to your table. I like that.Beers were good and served in real glassware which I liked but also surprised me given the amount of outdoor space.  Prices were very reasonable.The space is unique and large - I know it will draw crowds and fill up.  And I think it will only help the other bars/restaurants near by: Johnny Brenda's, The Necktie, Fathom and Kraftwork.Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,4/16/2013,4498,831,12,10,7>To some people M&M means those delightful little candies there are so addictive for many folks.  No, I didn't say S&M. That's an entirely different subject!   However, for fellow Yelper Nando F. and me it means Martini & Meatball night at Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza!  So if you are looking for info about chocolate candy, or S&M you can skip this review.  Otherwise read on.So the two of us stopped in this Wednesday night around five and the place was just getting going. Nando arrived first and I found him sitting at the bar flirting with the pretty bartender.So here's the deal with M&M night.  Any kind of martini you want is $5.  It's sponsored by Double Cross Vodka so that will be in your drink.  Other than that there are no restrictions.  And the glorious meatballs are free.  They are a slightly larger than a golf ball and served with a little red sauce and a dab of ricotta cheese on the side.  They are delicious and you can have has many as you want.As we munched on meatballs we perused the menu.  Numerous fellow Yelpers had raved about both the wings and the pizza so we decided to order both and share.I'm usually not a wing guy but these bad boys changed my mind.  A small order of 10 pieces goes for $9.75.  These delicious morsels are lightly tossed in olive oil, garlic, rosemary, and maybe another herb or two.  Then they are stacked on top of slices of delicious focaccia and buried under a pile of perfectly cooked caramelized onions.  I know, I know this sounds incredibly good and it is.  For a guy that usually doesn't like wings these were fantastic.Next out was the Broccoli Rabe & Sausage Pizza.  We ordered the large 16 inch pie for $19.95.  These are thin crust pizzas baked in an 800 degree oven.  This one was cooked perfectly and we enjoyed every bite.  The toppings are well distributed over the pie and the amount of toppings is great.  It's not often you get a truly fine meal at a chain restaurant but for me, and I believe Nando agrees, we had a four star experience.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,4/15/2013,393,710,2,17,8>My first experience at the BSBH was very positive.  On their second night, I felt that all their cylinders were firing and they made everyone very happy.  The kitchen was flying and the drinks flowed effortlessly.  All the staff seemed to be up to speed and knew how to take care of the customers.We arrived to a packed bar.  It being election night, all eyes were focused on the televisions showing the results.  The music was at a good volume to let you know you were out somewhere but still able to have casual conversation.First up were the fried pickles and wow were they good.  The pickles were sliced into medallions, coated in an IPA batter and fried perfectly.  The accompanying dipping sauce kept the dish light and fresh.The grilled octopus was really tasty and my only gripe was that I wanted more of it.  The texture and flavor of it was perfect and I believe it was resting on a sweet potato puree.  The standout for me was the lamb liver terrine.  It had the organ taste but it wasn't overwhelming.  Garnishing it with capers brought just the right amount of salt to the party.The space is really nice.  Their is ample seating at both the bar and the surrounding tables.  I think the Bainbridge Street Barrel House really hit the ground running and it's a great addition to our neighborhood.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,4/14/2013,183,210,,9,4>I have really enjoyed the classes I have taken here. The Intro to Ballet classes are not intimidating, not even for someone like me who has never taken ballet! Wear leggings and socks when you start out - it's totally fine! And do not be scared by the legit looking ballet clothes other students are wearing. It's an Intro class.As others have said, Sammy's Hiphop is so fun. Comedy show + hip hop = fun time! I thought that his beginner classes were not that complicated. I picked up the choreography pretty easily, and I do not consider myself a dancer. However, if you have a lot of trouble with choreography, then try the Intro class first. Classes are a little pricey for a casual dancer like myself, but it is a place for legit dancers too, and you are paying for the expertise of the teachers.$5 first class coupon on their website (you must print it out!) and 20% off (maybe 10% off) your first class card if you buy one that  same day.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,4/13/2013,50,114,9,12,8>Oh boy, a banh mi joint in Norristown?! GTFO! I've been hype about this place since I drove by it the first time months ago!So of course on their opening day I bought 3 $5 footlongs (the special for the soft opening). One was the classic, another was the pork banh mi and the last was the meatball banh mi. Yes, I tasted all of them within minutes and my conclusion is: All of the sandwiches were super delicious and flavorful and the bread was on point. The only thing I'd probably want them to add is a bit more meat and a lot more daikon and veggies. The bread to meat ratio was a bit off to me...there was more bread than meat but then again, this could 100% be attributed to the fact that I'm a fatty patty. As far as the interior goes, it was spacious and modern however the walls lacked decoration but I'm sure they'll be putting things up in no time. Seeing that today was their soft opening, I'm really looking forward to coming back here in the near future to see what else they have in store and of course I'd rather drive 15 minutes vs. 40 minutes into Philly to fill my viet hoagie cravings.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/12/2013,132,306,3,9,4>Well, this evening started out incredibly well.  (and finished well, too, no worries there) I noticed other reviewers talking about the bartender.  This place just hired Katie Loeb, one of Philly's finest, so it appears that you're going to be taken care of any way you look at it!  The bar itself, like the rest of the restaurant, is rather small with not a lot of storage for the alcohol, so they must choose wisely.  The specialty drink menu is well-thought and each of the 4 drinks our group had was great!  Some Like it Hot was very cool (haha), it had tequila, some spice, some fruitiness, the imbiber wanted another!  I had their special Manhattan, it had star anise and cinnamon in it.  Quite good.The restaurant itself is tiny, seating maybe 20, not including the outdoor part, which is also small, but not open at this time of year for obvious reasons.  The ambience is warm and cozy, the service professional and friendly.  The chef is Christopher Lee, of Striped Bass and Salt and Pepper.  So you have some big names here turning out... well, just great food and drink.  And the prices are fair and reasonable.  They divide their menu into two parts, Rustic and Modern American.  Both had great dishes.  None are incredibly unique but all were excellent.The four of us had 8 different things which we all shared, and rather than describe them all, I'll say that all were very very good, extremely well executed and nothing fussy about them.  Some standouts were the Paella, nice crispy rice (that's the way it's supposed to be!), a great assortment of perfectly cooked seafood, and it wasn't overly rich and heavy.  The meatballs over polenta, an appetizer, were fantastic.  The polenta was very creamy with an unctuous texture to it.They have food to please all palates, one of the apps was sliders with brie and bacon.  Just gorgeous, especially the little buns, which had a nice brown glazed top.  They even have a side of fries with cheese on it and a remoulade dipping sauce.  We had that one too.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,4/11/2013,94,100,10,9,7>Tai Lake is a lake that was created by a Meteor. Through a series of overflowing rivers the crater that the meteor created was filled with the water we see today continuously. Having said that, this is still Guandong(Canton) style food, and not Zhejiang style as the name could fool you in to believing. Nevertheless, the dishes are plentiful and amazingly fresh. You have your usual fare of spinach, duck, mayo shrimp, fish, and so forth. But my recommendation is to go for the fresh seafood that you can see as you enter the restaurant, and pick the jumping shrimps in particular. If seafood isn't up your alley I'd recommend the goat claypot, just amazing the dip that comes with it and the O face you'll have when biting in to it.However, what gives this place the ultimate respect? NO ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ABOVE 5 DOLLARS!!!! I wish I could  bold, underline, color code, and maximize those words. The entire drink menu is probably the best I've seen anywhere, and no its not happy hour prices its is what it is. Henie and Tsing are 2.75 and domestics are under 2.00. Scotchs are 4.50 and there is a ton of other cocktail drinks which I usually don't touch at 4.50 as well! So lets comb our hair, straighten our tie, lower that skirt, and polish those shoes. Because at the end of an adventure at Tai Lake, the hair will be messy, tie will be loose, skirt will be hiked up, and shoes will be covered in alcohol! Hangover... here...we...go....
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/10/2013,32,53,4,9,7>I absolutely love this new bar in Old City. I've been to England and I can't tell you a thing I ate there, other than 'spotted dick' for obvious reasons. I've tried a bunch of food and drinks here since they opened and I haven't been disappointed yet! The Guiness burger is on point, though. Juicy, tasty and with the fresh spring mix, tomato and vinegar mayo, it's better than my dads on the grill- which is saying A LOT. They have a bunch of different cheeses that come with accompaniments so even if you're not that hungry and just want to grab a drink and something to snack on, there are plenty of choices. Welsh rarebit is also my new favorite thing in the world- almost like an open faced grilled cheese with gravy and a hint of mustard, OMG. Melts in your mouth. They have a large selection of craft beers and I can't wait to try them all! You can tell the owners put a lot of thought into this place, from the decor to the service, the attention to detail shows! I look forward to returning!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/9/2013,134,241,4,9,12>25 years ago today I married my best friend, the man of my dreams, an old southern boy.  I dragged him kicking and screaming up north and never looked back.  For all intents and purposes, we never should have lasted 25 years, but here we are, and tonight we celebrated that fact at Percy Street Barbecue.I could go on about the food (the corn bread really is that good) but there are already pages of accolades about that.  What I feel compelled to tell y'all about is the service.  I had mentioned the anniversary when I made the reservation, and I received a call today to confirm and check on food allergies and other details.  I thought the call was a nice touch and very kind.  I was impressed already, but I had no idea just what a wonderful night Percy was about to show us.It was stunning -- our hostess greeted us with a "Happy Anniversary" and showed us to a lovely table in the corner that was actually very romantic for a barbecue joint.  A waiter came by with water and another anniversary greeting.  Then our waitress came over with drinks she had made especially for us (N.A. -- Bill is not a drinker, and I'm doing a Lent thing) and more well wishes.  During the course of the evening, the manager, a few other wait staff, and a few kitchen staff came by with offerings and well wishes.  I think the entire restaurant knew it was our day and every one of them came over to wish us a happy anniversary.  And somehow they did this without being the least bit obtrusive or annoying.  In fact -- it was all so warm and charming that it brought a tear to my eye.  We felt a true sense of southern hospitality here -- I mentioned at one point during the night that I wish we could celebrate our anniversary every night of the year, and do it at Percy.  Between the food we ordered and the food and drink the staff gifted us with, we left stuffed and loved.  And an extra piece of chocolate mud pie ended up in our to-go bag as well.  I felt like we had just spent the evening with the fictional family of dreams -- you know ... that family that theoretically exists somewhere, but isn't yours?  I actually hated to leave.  And my southern boy loved it as much as I did -- high praise from a guy who thinks the north understands barbecue about as well as men understand women.  Thank you, THANK YOU, Percy Street, Jen, and your amazing staff for the best anniversary dinner ever.  We can't wait to return.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/8/2013,112,190,,11,7>Took a walk in Wilmington on a warm and sunny Saturday in January and it was awesome. Philadelphia should get with the program. Bars, restaurants and remants of Wilmingtons industrial past. There are markers along the way describing the local plants and birds, about the Native Americans that lived in the area and facts about the rivers part in World War 2. The Bluerocks stadium and Theatres (movie and performance) are located along the walk as well. A local artist makes birhouses that are located all along the path. Did I mention that at the end of the walk there is a nature reserve?  I would imagine that in the warmer weather this place would be great for a walk, dinner or catch some live music. I am a big fan!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,4/7/2013,425,275,11,12,7>I'm by no means a seasoned bowler but I'm giving Sproul Lanes my seal of approval. I'm definitely comfortable here on the real wood lanes as opposed to synthetic. I do hear grumblings about " too much oil" from some of the bowlers who also bowl elsewhere but it doesn't really affect my game of just flinging the ball top speed at the headpin. Sproul may not be a Strike but it certainly picks up a spare in my book. Ugh! I hate myself for this review.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,11/12/2009,121,161,3,8,8>I was very excited to sit back and get my hair cut in Jason's beautiful new salon. After all it has been quite awhile since I have had a new do.The decor is so inviting, and the courteous staff treated me like a star. Jason is super talented and has exceptional listening and cutting skills. Both are important you know! He took his time creating a look especially for me. It was such a treat!Thank you Jason!!xo-Emily
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,11/9/2009,10,265,12,13,11>Walking into Fiorellas, I am suddenly standing next to my long deceased mother-in-law. I am about to marry her daughter and she is pointing to everything in the store telling me it hasn't changed since her mother took her here when she was much younger than me.  But more importantly, this is the reason why I can't think of buying sausage in Overbrook, the neighborhood of my parents and of my youth.  Certainly not sausage that her daughter would be eating.  No disrespect you understand, but this is South Philly and if it goes in your mouth you need to buy it here.  The apparition fades as the couple behind the counter simultaneously ask if they could help.  (see, this is why you've got to love South Philly.  Out in the world you can stand on your head to have someone behind a counter make eye contact, here they both want to help, long may it reign).  I ask for the liver sausage and some hot Italian.  As they return from the walk-in with the goods, I ask the man whether natural casings are becoming harder to come by and if he would ever, if it came to it,ever consider using manufactured casings.  He froze, slowly glanced my way with a, " do you want me to kick your ass now, or do you want to wait a bit"? look.  He picked up a plastic Poland Spring bottle and stretched it toward me.  Would you eat this bottle? he asked. I thought it was a rhetorical question, but he wanted an answer.  I started to.  He persised.  Well, would you, would you?  Of course not.  You're God damned right you wouldn't.  That's what you put in your system with artificial casings.  The shit that DuPont makes.  Makes no sense, he shook his head.  Makes no sense.  I agreed. Nostalgia, committed ownership and great sausage!  How can you beat it?
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,11/8/2009,109,278,9,8,8>The food is still awesome.Roasted mushroom grinder = way better than any cheesesteak I've had in this town. I know, sacrilege, right?The atmosphere was better this time and our party didn't get shushed for adult-themed topics. I still don't love that lots of folks bring their kids here, though. Sometimes, I like to go out to eat and avoid toddling children who wander over unattended. I love that they have Sam Smith's Organic Cider in bottles, Allagash Tripel, and Monk's Sour Ale - some of my favorite libations. The fried pickles and suicide rings still light my fire. If only I could find a boy as yummy as they are instead of tables of canoodling couples.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2009,11/7/2009,53,82,14,14,11>In 6th grade home economics I sewed clear through my pointer finger and was not allowed to touch the machines again as per the request of Mrs. Bethke, our instructor. And I was on my way to making a set of Tweety Bird flannel jammers that were to be the envy of all slumber parties ever. Not that I'm bitter exactly, but this event had me convinced for years that sewing just wasn't for me. That is until I was told that Loop (where I take knitting classes) would be opening a sister store next door called Spool, focusing on fabric and sewing. Peeking in, I saw a neat gallery space of candy-colored textiles that made me "ooh" and "ahh" and face plant on the glass to stare inside at the contents, the way one might at a petit fours case at a patisserie. I was going to gobble up these fabrics. First, I would need to overcome my fear and Laura is just the person to help empower you and get you involved in your first project. In the year since Spool opened (they just celebrated their one-year bday in March--congrats!), I've taken several classes there. I've made a-line skirts, tunics, sundresses, zipper pouches, tote bags, and now quilt tops, my bitch. Suck it, Mrs. Bethke. Again, not that I'm bitter...
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,11/6/2009,32,331,5,6,6>I want to do more things around the house just so I have more excuses to come here and have cute and friendly menfolk explain to me exactly what I need and why.  I'm not kidding.  I make up excuses to come here and ask questions, and plan on continuing.  Who knew I could get so much joy from a hardware store?
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,11/5/2009,198,334,6,7,6>It is truly amazing. Meredith K. is right, this is a Mexican restaurant you can dine at and not be running to the bathroom afterwards. The food was fresh, light, and flavorful. I had a simple chicken dish, I think it was the "Chicken Mexican". The dish consisted of a chicken breast that had been flattened out and covered with a saute mixture of tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions. I found it spicy and a little on the salty side but when paired with the refried beans which were a little on the bland side it balanced well. I am not sure if I will drive all the way to South Philly for it, but it will definitely be on my short list when I am in the area again.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,11/4/2009,76,119,15,16,13>I must preface this review by admitting that by the time I got my food, I was already two sheets to the wind (which turned into three sheets... or maybe five... by the time we left), which worked to Era's advantage in that I didn't mind too much that the food took nearly an eternity to come out. I was busying myself with their not very extensive, but very reasonably priced, drink menu. I'm getting ahead of myself. I strolled over to Era with Hunter, Aaron O., and McThrill after an enthralling meeting of the amazing record-and-beer club. Since I'd been drinking beer nearly all afternoon, I was clearly not in any state to cook (or clean up after cooking); and, since Aaron had been talking about Era for a while, I thought it would be a good time to give it a go. It's pretty much a dive with above-par food, so I didn't have any qualms about entering in my somewhat inebriated condition.It's kind of in a crappy section of town, at 28th and Girard, but I didn't feel at any time that my safety was at risk. Of course, I had the fog of a buzz shrouding me, and three brawny, fearless, man-o-steel men to protect me (hold your laughter--Bill's new spiky haircut could definitely have done some damage if provoked, and Aaron would have put up a good fight to prevent theft of his fancy new Oakleys). We entered the bar just around dinner time, and were greeted by a friendly, unassuming, middle-aged bartender. There was one other group in the bar, so it was pretty quiet. I liked the layout of the bar... it's like a giant rectangle that fills the entire room, with a hollow middle for (obviously) the bartender and the booze. The bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders, remembering to bring each of us a water as we had requested. I ordered a Sly Fox Route 113 IPA, which was only $4 for the pint. Now, here is the part that left me in disbelief: You can't even get a pint of the 113 AT THE SLY FOX BREWERY for $4. They're $4.50 there. The fact that Era even offered this beer was impressive, since I've seen the Phoenix Pale, the Slacker Bock, and the Pikeland Pilsener on tap all over the city, but not once have I seen the 113. Awesome.After my IPA, I decided to take the plunge and order their $3 special: a shot of Heaven Hill (take the first two letters and the last two letters and you have what it should be called) whiskey and a bottle of Lionshead. My buzz kept me occupied for the first thirty-five minutes of waiting time, but then I started getting a bit restless, so I drank water. After about another fifteeen minutes, our food finally arrived. Thankfully, it looked and smelled delicious. If we had waited a few minutes longer, my stomach may have begun to eat itself.I ordered the Yedoro Alicha, which (according to their Menu Pages menu, since I couldn't remember for my life what was on my plate) delicate chicken simmered with onions and mild spices. It came out simply presented on a very large plate and contained a chicken leg, a spongy pancake-like thingy, and two sides of vegetables (don't ask me what they were... I think one contained beans?). The chicken was perfectly cooked and spiced, although there could have been a bit more chicken and a bit less fluff. The sides, from what I remember, were delicious, and I really enjoyed wrapping everything up in the pancake (the pancake was definitely conducive to my drunken state). The whole plate was about $9. Very reasonable.After we finished our meals, I really wanted to do a car bomb, because I've never done one before (you can pull your jaw up now), and they were only $6. I convinced Aaron to do one with me, even though he didn't really want to, and he beat me by about five full seconds. I have to work on my car bomb-chugging skills, for sure.Even though I'm moving to South Philly on Sunday and Era will no longer be in my neighborhood, I will definitely be back to re-experience (or, perhaps, experience sentiently for the first time) the parts that I was too drunk to remember.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,11/3/2009,128,137,12,10,9>I am mildly addicted to the Good Dog burger. I always astound myself when I'm able to order something different. Even when I tear myself away from the GD burger, I'm never let down by what I chose. I have never had anything that I didn't enjoy, here. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think they've raised the prices of their beer recently.  Just a dollar here or there on certain draughts... not enough to really notice. Even with a possible price increase they still have some of the best beers at the best prices. If you haven't been here, you should go. You should go and you should order the GD burger and a beer. But life is short people! If it's an hour wait, go somewhere else and come back another time. Don't let things get you down, because it'll only make you cranky.  And no one should be cranky when they eat a Good Dog burger. End of review, start of tangent- Yelp is a weird beast. As you write more and more and grow older, Yelp gives you an interesting way to look back on your experiences. A year ago, when I wrote my last GD review, it fit my life. Now I look back and say, "What the hell was I wasting my time on that creep for?" Yelp kind of acts as a food and life diary. I dig it as long as it doesn't turn into diarrhea.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,11/2/2009,2055,3369,5,12,8>It will be hard to write a captivating review without re-stating many of the sentiments already expressed below, but I shall try...Last night we went to Buddakan Philadelphia (there are now 3 locations) which is celebrating 11 years in operation.  Surprisingly, even after living in Philly for nearly 4 years and trying tons of restaurants, this was our first visit.  Years back we visited and peeked inside to see the amazing Golden Buddha and the waterfall wall fountain. I had read the menu many times on the website - so I felt like I knew what to expect.  (N.B. they will be CHANGING the drink menu and dinner menu in a few weeks - finally.)Decor and Service were easily 5 star, but there are too many small details overlooked for me to give Buddakan that elusive fifth star.  (As Starr restaurants go, this is pretty typical in that there is some over-hyping going on - but for a restaurant like this to survive and thrive for 11 years - an eternity for a restaurant - they are doing alot of things right!)We started with $11 - $13 drinks at the nearly empty  bar (from 5:30 - 6:10 on a recession summer Thursday - it got crowded around 8).  The enlightenment was too strong with tequila for me to drink, so I sent it back and tried the tickled pink which was cloyingly sweet and the Malibu rum was not a great idea.  Oh well.  Meanwhile the ASIAN MOJITO was well-balanced, with freshly muddled mint, a hint of ginger and delicious.  (NOTE:  THey are changing the drink menu in a few weeks - many of these cocktails have been on the menu for years and it's all gonna change.)Next the 3 of us sat at a great table on the main level (there is also a cute bar upstairs and more tables.).  One of us is a vegan and there are very few vegetarian options (and NO vegan apps! The edamame ravioli uses chicken stock)  He had vegetable fried rice (or could have had noodle dishes or the house salad.)  If you are a vegan - this is not a great place for you - unless you just want some drinks.Everything is served family style with sharing plate s- which for us is great as we all like to share (execpt my vegan friend who, natch, would not eat the fish or duck).  Chicken Dumplings were a step up from the frozen gyoza we get at our favorite sushi joints.  Tasty for sure - but not worth $9.  A scallion pancake topped with shredded shortrib meat was enjoyed by DH but way too salty for my tastes.  A miss at $12.Entrees were much better.  The miso black cod, that was so famous, lived up to most of the hype.  Perfectly cooked.  I subbed a DELICIOUS eggplant in lieu of the wasabi mashed potatoes.  That eggplant was GREAT - reminiscent of Kung Pao - it was studded with Pine Nuts.  YUM!DH ordered the thinly sliced duck breast - a bit too well done for me - but I like my duck with a bit more QUACK left in it.  The accompanying Corn Spoon Bread was AWESOME.Desserts were by far worth the extra calories.  3 people shared the chocolate Bento box ($14 with chocolatey-good 6 selections - easily feeds 3 by itself).  We also got the hot, fried, five-spice & sugar donuts.  Now this is how I wished the churros at Xochitl could be!  WOW!  Five slightly greasy, hot donuts with 3 delectable dipping sauces (well - the cream cheese was too thick to really be called a sauce) including a rich ganache.A cup of green tea and a Millenum Cocktail (rimmed with Tang - what is with Starr and his obsession with Tang in cocktails???) capped off a lovely early summer dinner.Great for special occaisions - and the tab was $180 or so including tip which really isn't bad.  Expensive but not obscene (we spent more on dinner for 2 at Morimoto!!).I will be back - but maybe just for drinks and dessert!  (HA, HA!)\Oh - and I must mention our bartender Adele (She's there Thursdays thru Sundays) and our 5 year veteran server Meg who was charming and spot-on with our orders.Oh - and if you want to (we didn't) they will valet park your car for $18.00).So close to 5 stars - but not quite.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,10/31/2009,133,370,4,6,5>Yeah, as far as Gelato goes I can't remember any place I've had better. I'm more of a soft custard guy normally, but there's no ignoring the supreme quality and innovation of this place.You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you get, but I'm all about the combos. The super dark chocolate and coconut together are my mounds bar equivalent. The Amish sweet cream and any fresh berry flavor are an indulgent delight that's not too sweet and can be justified as healthy (you know, compared to shoving a snicker bar in your ear.) Some flavors cater a bit more to the eclectic palate, such as the lime cilantro. I loved it, and if there was a sweet tomato on the menu I would have had a frozen salsa that would have been kick butt. Don't forget to check out the accessory items they sell. Bissinger's candies, including their Acai Berry gummy bears, and Cremora Natural Peanut butter are a few of my favorites.Price? Who cares. It's worth it. Just pay and eat already.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2009,3/26/2009,23,49,6,5,5>No matter what bizarre or obscure film you plan to watch; there is a good chance you'll find it at Video Library! You can also find plenty of great stuff you didn't yet know you should be watching. Just remember to return your selection promptly, or the fees will add up. And you'll have to leave the city. Or the state. Or change your name. Or just stop going there and hope they forget. And then you'll miss out on all those great movies. And you will be a sad, sad little bear.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,3/25/2009,6,25,1,16,6>I have to admit, I'm a little hesitant to review Rejuvenated Furniture - part of me wants to keep my awesome neighborhood furniture / antique store all to myself. But the owner is a great guy with an even greater business that deserves to be well-known, so here I am.The store is divided into two levels: The upper level showcases the owner's restoration projects. Bedroom sets, coffee tables, dining room sets, china cabinets and more are all lovingly restored to suit a variety of decorating styles. There is almost always some furniture for children painted in bright, fun colors. The craftsmanship surpasses anything you can easily find nowadays, and the pricing is incredible considering the quality. There is a roped-off area in the back where some in-progress pieces are kept, which is where we spotted the PERFECT carved wood coffee table sanded and waiting to be painted. After expressing how interested we were, the owner asked what color we were hoping for and if we'd like it distressed. It was finished to our specifications in a couple of days for $125!! WHAT!!! I'm not saying you can easily waltz in there and custom order stuff, but this was a huge stroke of luck that worked out amazingly for us, and goes to show that the owner truly cares about his customers.The lower level is primarily thrifty / knick-knack stuff, but also some furniture (chairs, desks and dressers mostly) and a small selection of vintage clothing. A variety of vendors each have their own sections for selling their wares. You can find anything down here from mirrors and tea kettles to xmas ornaments and fountain pens. The owner must be very particular about the items he accepts, because while not everything is my taste, it's all interesting and easy to imagine in someone's home.Rejuvenated Furniture is well worth a weekly visit - stuff here goes FAST. I fell in love with a chandelier once, but made the mistake of coming back the very next day to make sure my boyfriend shared my enthusiasm. That puppy was already long gone. Next time!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,3/24/2009,28,113,5,12,12>Yes, this place is a wee bit pricey.. but if every single gift I ever receive for the rest of my life comes from this store, I will be a happy woman.  Just peek in the window and you'll see what I mean.  Necklaces made out of antique typewriter keys, earrings of unusual but lovely shiny semi-precious stones dangling on silver wires, eclectic collections of tiny photographs laminated and chained into bracelets...  The jewelry here is right in the sweet spot between gold with diamonds and rash-inducing-mystery-metal with plastic: not the kind of thing you're going to find on jewelers row (i.e. not the kind of thing you can only wear when you're getting all fancy) but not the kind of thing you get for $3 at Target either.  Not that there's anything wrong with getting jewelry for $3 at Target.  That's my favorite place to buy earrings.Anyway, the various accessories are a little too expensive for a gal like me to spring for them whenever I want, but they're just right when I'm looking for an extra special gift for my sister... or for myself...   They also have great handbags, a few unique greeting cards, the occasional scarf or pair of gloves, etc.  If you ever need to kill a few minutes on your way to meet friends at Capogiro, this is the place to stop.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,3/23/2009,1556,472,20,19,22>Personally, I hate egg salad. Like HATE hate. It smells gross and has a texture that makes me squirm. However, I love my 11 year old daughter, who happens to love...you guessed it...egg salad. And Flannery's is where I take her when she's gotta have an egg salad sandwich on white bread, 'cause you know I'm sure as hell not going to make it at home. PU.She tells me it's the best egg salad around. I believe her, too, because she wolfs it down in that special way that a kid who's just grown five inches in a few months does. I get the feeling that she's giving me extra bonus awesome Mom points for taking her here, but I'll let you in on a little secret: going here makes me happy, too, because their turkey hoagies are fantastic. She wins, I win. And as we all know, if Mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy. Smiles all around!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,3/22/2009,18,41,3,4,3>This is definitely the place to go for your next FIELD DAY!!!!!!Towers and columns and rows upon rows of pretty much everything there is as far as dry goods go. Want a chocolate covered pretzel? They have white chocolate, cherry chocolate, cherry yogurt, dark chocolate, milk chocolate, lactose free chocolate, and kosher chocolate covered pretzels. The variety of hot sauces is RIDICULOUS. I had a good laugh at one called "Smack my ass and call me Sally" hot sauce. It'll make a great gift for a friend with a sense of humor.My personal faves are the veggie chips, cherry yogurt covered pretzels, dried pineapple chips, and the cherry trail mix.Check it out next time you're in the burbs!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,3/21/2009,61,261,6,8,7>- Big menu with lots of options, including vegetarian and non-pho choices- Big-as-my-head-sized bowls of pho, full of chewy noodles and thinly sliced meat- Fresh rolls with tangy peanut sauce - Casual seating with a pretty good staff- Good pricesWhen it comes to things to look for in a good pho restaurant, this place didn't disappoint.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,3/18/2009,383,130,4,5,5>Penrose is where its at!!!! The menu is awesome. You are getting a TON of food for an excellent price--oh yeah--and its all delicious! The service is good. I love a friendly waitress!! I went here alone one day and stayed for about an hour at the bar. I really enjoyed myself and felt totally comfortable eating alone there! I am pretty sure its 24 hours so thats a good thing to know for those late nights :)
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,3/17/2009,22,77,4,10,6>A friend brings me the frozen pierogies from PK. Since they are fully cooked, simply defrost, brown some butter with sage leaves, throw in the pierogies for easy hearty buttery goodness. And you just cooked dinner! Or lunch. Or maybe breakfast. Amazing.The pasta wrappings are the perfect thickness- not leaden or heavy, and also tender but not so wimpy that they leak. You have a wide variety of potato based fillings to choose from including the traditional potato-cheese (excellent) and the "fully loaded"- stuffed with cheese, chives, and plenty of smoky bacon bits (think baked potato), and dessert options like sweet potato, or blueberry.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,3/16/2009,2553,1314,44,25,22>I'm pretty sure I now know the true meaning of "everybody wang chung tonight."A limo bus packed with 20 girls on a bachelorette party was my destiny on a wintry Saturday night.  Upstairs at Risque was our first stop.  No sooner had the door of the bus opened, that a beefcake jumped aboard and got acquainted with our bachelorette.  High pitched squealing ensued.After being escorted inside and to our table, we were waited on and entertained throughout the night.  My memory remains extremely hazy about all the goings-on, but one thing remains firmly intact in my temporal lobe: DayGlo orange banana hammock.While I don't think any of the girls plan to start frequenting Upstairs at Risque on regular weekends, I'm sure we'll all keep it in mind while planning future bachelorette parties.Minus one star for letting people smoke inside!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/14/2009,585,298,5,5,4>I eat too much. I guess you can tell by my reviews. lol. Sometimes we all eat too much of the wrong foods and we build up toxins in our Temples (in my case the Temple of Doom) that need to be evicted. Sometimes it's just a nagging pain in my back that won't go away. And then there's the pain from 5 years of full contact, good ole American football. Or it could be the fallout from the Achilles Tendon tear i suffered a while back or the mental stress and strains on the daily basis. Whatever the case, I call my masseuse and have her massage me until I feel better. I prefer the deep tissue massage and the sports massage to your basic Zen producing, relaxing variety. And she's great at this kind of massage with the Strong hand and acute knowledge of our nuero/muscular systems. She's reasonably priced and will work around your schedule. Give her a try and let me know.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,6/10/2008,13,64,4,6,5>The best part about Rami's is Rami. Going to him just makes me feel good. Bombed an exam? Just go to Rami's and see the smile and care that he puts into making your falafel sandwich or platter. His concern for his customers is unprecedented. He always checks to see if I'm going to "Eat now?" and to make sure that I put my change back into my wallet before taking his sandwich.On Penn's campus, I feel he's got the best Middle Eastern food truck. The falafel sandwich is pretty decent and the kofta platter is always very tasty. The kofta platter comes with rice, salad, hummus, and a pita. I'm always happily stuffed after finishing one of these.Rami's is definitely not the fastest food truck in town, and if there's a line, it could take awhile to get your food (~15-20 mins), BUT he's definitely the nicest guy around!*kofta is minced or ground meat--usually beef or lamb--mixed with spices and/or onions. Go try it!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,6/9/2008,31,33,8,9,12>Had they grilled a tender slice of my righteousness to juicy perfection, I may not have been so pissed off about being a haughty vegetarian this particular night.  I'm not typically a gal who's swayed any which way by the aroma of body parts grilling, but if you closed your eyes and followed your nose to the best smell in miles, you'd either find yourself in my arms or on Zahav's doorstep.The big, open room feels a little like a lunchroom post- extreme makeover, but while it's not exactly cozy, it's pretty, and it's undeniably fun to peek at the other tables.  Our server was a little awkward, but you could tell he meant well, and everyone who had a hand in bringing the food out was incredibly nice and accommodating.I'd drop serious money for the hummus + laffa alone, I wish I was curled up next to it on the couch right now.  I loved the greasy flatbread (it had a proper name, too, but it escapes me), the fried cauliflower came swimming in a tzatziki sauce that was marvelous, and my galil skewer (eggplant with a creamy onion on the side) was pretty superb, too.  My companions enjoyed plate after plate of various animal parts, and while I didn't partake, I was dazzled by the craftsmanship alone.If you've got some money to burn on something great, you should grill it up right at Zahav - why za-hell not?
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,6/8/2008,2946,2194,3,9,10>Last week, I stopped in for "Another Philthy Party" (no cover). The DJs (Philthy Paul, Patel P, Casey G / Passable Plastic) kept our group dancing. The crowd was relaxed; there weren't too many dancers besides us, but it was a Wednesday. Leslie, our creative and super friendly bartender, made us happy-tasting tequila sunrises, a few raspberry kamikaze shots, and something called a Gated Ruby (that's what I heard, anyway) - let's say that I might have left with a little headache.Half the place is a traditional diner, while the other is a lounge, complete with a bar, dance floor, and decent seating. Somehow Silk City manages to be a diner, restaurant, bar, music venue, and lounge all in one, but even with their apparent identity crisis, the nightspot just works!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,6/5/2008,30,58,5,10,11>Cafe Estelle, you are the new love of my life. Will you go on a date with me?Cafe Estelle is one of those rare perfect corners of the world. If the choice of coffees doesn't steal your heart, the menu is sure to satisfy. Of course, the sticky bun is amazing, but I really give Cafe Estelle points for originality throughout the rest of the menu. The omelettes and quiches are full of combinations you've never even dreamed of, but suddenly know you can't live without. Not to mention that home smoked bacon!Cafe Estelle truly is everything that I always wanted Sabrina's, Morning Glory, Butcher's, and Honey's to be. A cute, homey restaurant where the portions won't overwhelm you and the flavors will never disappoint.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/4/2008,27,47,18,5,8>I never ever could even began to think I could afford this place, but my one and only friend who happens to be a child of a Millionaire owed me one. See, earlier in the day, a few of my friends and I went to see Frida at the Art Museum (which is awesome) and we bought him a ticket. As per usual, this 7 year college student flaked and left us in the lurch.He called at 4pm, claiming he'd just awoken with a nasty hangover (as per usual) and he wanted to make it up to us by paying for all of us to go to Morimoto and get whatever we wanted. I have never been so happy in my entire life. This guy paid for 6 people. 6 people that like to drink too!I ordered a cilantro gimlet to start out and it really was one of the best drinks ever. After that I tried a bowl of miso and was slightly underwhelmed but its miso and good no matter what.This is where the night started to get awesome. Moneybags orders a pitcher of Sake Sangria and we get wasted eating more appetizers like raw oysters, tar tar, and so forth. As we get more and more drunk, our volume level increases and the richies start giving us the snooty look. I was feeling very impetuous at this point and stared back with a dagger death glance. Someone at our table loudly suggested that table lights resemble dildos and we all erupted with laughter.Our waiter loved us though, he seemed like he wanted to sit down and hang out and paid us impeccable service. I wish I remembered his name to give him a shout out. So, the sushi. I ordered a fat-belly tuna which is like 20 bucks a piece, spicy tuna, raw scallop, and eel. It was the best 20 minutes of my life. Really. Consuming the scallop felt like the secret that holds the universe together was revealed to me.The bill was probably 600 bucks at the least. Decadence is amazing if you don't have to pay. I returned home that night, cracked a PBR and went to sleep, fully assured that I would never be returning to the amazing fantasy world that is Morimoto.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,6/3/2008,22,52,9,10,8>I like crepes.  Seriously.  Most of the time, I'm wary about going to a new place, but I was certainly game to try me some crepes.The floral walls were a little disorienting, but the place was homey, and it was crepes!No point in beating around the bush.  These crepes are great. Absolutely amazing.  You get to pick what you want in them, and you pay by the filling - which can start getting pretty expensive.  I ordered 2 fillings - chicken and mushroom.  I'm not sure which one of the toppings won the little topping death match to get to provide the cream sauce, but I don't care - it was delicious.I was a little surprised at the size - I'm used to seeing those giant triangle shaped crepes with the filling busting out both ends.  This was a small flat square thing that appeared to be made out of some kind of healthy whole-grain batter.  If there's something I can't stand, it's healthiness, especially in the form of whole-grains.  I want partial to no grains, damn it!  Still, like I said... delicious.  If you're like me (and you're probably not) and you still would rather get your turkey on white, rather than rye, you still won't mind this disturbingly brown crepe.You might mind the serving size, though.  For the cost, it really feels like you should get more.  But what it does is makes sure you have room for a second crepe - because you don't want to leave without having a sweet crepe as well.The first time I went, I had strawberries & nutella - which didn't stand out too much from strawberry & nutella crepes I've had elsewhere.  The second time, however, I had brown sugar, which was really, really good.  I didn't know how they could make a dry crepe and a dry sugar into a tasty dish, but the brown sugar was heated and melted and made into some kind of crepe wonder paste, and.... yum. For those of you keeping count, while I did go twice, I had the same savory crepe both times.  That chicken and mushroom thing was one of the best things I've ever put into my mouth (apologies to all previous girlfriends) and I saw no reason to mess with a good thing.  I'm a creature of habit.Everyone else appeared to enjoy what they had as well, thought one of my friends learned that 'Roquefort' is the same as 'blue cheese' which he is 'allergic to'.  Damn those frenchies for being so fancy with their words.The did have wine as well, which others appeared to enjoy.I love this place and will be going back.  Not the cheapest place, but won't break the bank either, and good for any time of the day.  if you're in the mood for a good dinner and a good dessert in one place, or a nice brunch, it's a great place.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,6/2/2008,10,26,4,5,6>So I ate here for Valentine's Day. The food is really good, especially if you're vegetarian. I found that all of the veggies options were absolutely delicious. It's all tapas style though and it can get pretty expensive if you're not careful.The staff was really cute and the service was surprisingly attentive for how busy it was.The only problem I had was with the music. The place seems pretty serene, but they were playing Poison and Bon Jovi.Here's where the 5 stars come in.I went to do karaoke last night with a bunch of friends and It was amazing.I showed up around 10:30 (on a friday) and talked to the bouncer about getting a karaoke room. He said that I needed reservations but worked his magic to get me into one.I went and sat at the bar while I waited for everyone else to show up. The restaurant side had an Amy Winehouse/Catpower/Fiest mix playing which was definitely more suiting for the place. The bartender was really sweet and kept singing and dancing with the songs (so cute!)AnywaySo we get up the the karaoke room around 11. The room was a bit small for all of us but seemed cozy at the same time. You can control the temp. in the room which comes in handy after a marathon of Queen songs. They had a good selection of songs but were missing some karaoke classics. To make a drink or food order you have to push a "service" button which feels pretty swanky at times. Push a button, get a drink, push a button, get some tofu.We had the room until 2 (closing time). There were a few good songs still lined up to play and the people let us finish. We finished around 2:30. Apparently we were the only people still in the building so everyone downstairs and outside heard our final few songs, but we were applauded so it's ok.I am Japan obsessed and so stoked that I can do karaoke now (yes, even the Lost in Translation songs!)Check it out if you're not shy. It's definitely a lot of fun.(The rooms are $30 an hour, beware of that)
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,5/31/2008,184,152,10,8,7>For those who want their dinner to be like a dream... a really bloody and surreal dream. My friends and I sat down at the Brazilian barbeque (which looks like a seedy kind of diner but has a banquet room on the other side with clouds painted on the ceiling and a lot of balloons (and a TV and recliners... so weird!), hit the salad bar, and  almost immediately after returning to our seats, had three huge skewers of different kinds of meat brought over to our table. The woman who brought them was shaped like a large blonde linebacker and barely spoke any english but LOVED the fact that we became more and more excited every time meat was brought out. She quickly picked up on the fact that we pretty much all liked our meat as rare as possible and probably by the second time she brought the meat out, our table had drops of blood all over it. I hadn't even paid attention to the fact that all the tables were covered with thick plastic sheeting. At one point, I got up to go to the bathroom, and my foot slipped on something and shot out to the side. I looked down and saw two puddles of blood next to the table! I chuckled my way to the bathroom where I found signs posted on both stalls in the ladies room... "Do not throw toilet paper in the toilets!".... Um... what?! I looked in the stalls and the toilets looked normal enough, but there were definitely little trash cans full of crumpled up toilet paper next to each one. WHAT?!?! I felt totally uncomfortable with the thoughts and questions that instantly started gushing through my brain so I just went back to the table, still having to pee. We ploughed through slab after slab of messy, drippy meat, which our server was all too happy to keep hacking off of her skewers for us. It was definitely not for the faint of heart or stomach... but I have never felt so peaceful at the same time as feeling so aggressive. It was almost a spiritual moment. I love red meat.If you are more into the meat than a fancy experience, choose this over Fogo, at $18 per person, it's a deal. Also, try the parfait for dessert,...you will fall in love.Oh yeah, and it's BYO.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,5/30/2008,58,139,7,7,8>Dahlak remains my first and so far, my only Eritrean food experience. For whatever reason, I haven't been to Abyssinia or the umpteen other places in town.  That's ok, I like Dahlak.  The food here is great, and quite affordable. You order a bunch of random stuff and it all comes out on a big flat basket thingy lying on top of injera bread.  It's this spongy crepe-like bread that you rip off little pieces of and scoop up bits of the main dish with.  It's delish is all. Trust me.  Don't plan on eating quickly here, as service is slow.  And I mean slow.  Especially if you're with a big party, you will wait and wait and wait. So order your drinks and get to talking, cuz your food ain't coming out in a jiffy.  The best thing about Dahlak though, aside from the food, is the little bar out back.  Tucked behind this restaurant is the randomest little hole of a bar with a crazy jukebox, and even crazier characters. They don't have beers on draught here, it's all bottles and cans, but also cheap.  There's also a ghetto ass outdoor dining/bar area out back, so when it's nice out, you can chill with your West Philly homies and enjoy a cold brew and some Eritrean cuisine.  I like this place.  I didn't even mind when I was here one night and the owner held my coat hostage until I would play something on their piano.  Good thing I can half-ass my way around a piano. It was cold out.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,5/29/2008,828,1172,7,11,9>Probably my favorite real deal dive bar to hit up in the city, and not just because I get a kick out of seeing Frank Zappa, Ben Franklin, and a hot dog together on the mural. you can't go wrong with the prices, jukebox selection, and random cast of regulars. overall it might just be my favorite bar atmosphere in the city. it the perfect place to buy a pitcher amongst friends and challenge each other to a game of pinball. and it's one of the only bars I can think of that do out of no where sing alongs to the music playing. talk about fun!On some First Fridays my friends The Hydrogen Jukebox kick off a clown crawl here. they meet here and paint the face of whoever is interested. then they cross through the Fergie's area, and slowly but surely make their way into Old City. they start around Happy Hour time so you should come here and see if there are any clowns inside if your interested.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,9/13/2011,439,341,11,8,10>Ok, this is probably the most difficult joint to find on Yelp. How do you type "Bar" into a search tool meant to pick up the single word "bar" as THE keyword for searching all other bars in the city? It is just about as difficult to find on Yelp as it was to believe that I had never even seen this place in my walks through the Midtown area....and yet I found myself here twice in one week...imagine that. First time around...here I was, ordering a stoli and pineapple and being told by the bartender that it will set me back $5. Do you know how hard it is to keep from laughing when your drink comes served in a pint glass with definitely not shitty vodka and you're told it will only cost you a Lincoln? Where has this bar been all my life?? I'm down the street dropping bombs on my wallet in the name of Stephen Starr and Michael Schulson and I can hang here instead? Yes please.Second time around....the Opa elite event had let out and Time had let us down with no dancing on "funk night". Next I know, I'm shooting the shit with the likes of Vinny P. and Emmett M. over a couple of cans of beer while watching Kill Bill vol. 2. Quentin Tarantino and 21st Amendment, I didn't think my night could get much better....until I heard Emmett try and order a Butternut Pork Slap and that point later in the night when I "accidentally" punched Maggie M. and Vinny grabbed a bar stool Jerry Springer style...then it was complete. This place is about as unassuming as they come, in the shadows of places like Graffiti Bar and El Vez it doesn't surprise me that it goes unnoticed. With a bartender that puts up with absurd antics at closing time on a Monday night, a clientele that's just as chill, and a pretty decent list of craft cans, you can bet this place will stay on the radar.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,9/12/2011,527,295,3,5,5>An indoor corn mazeDarts, drafts and lots of wood trimQuizzo on MondayI started going to Dark Horse sometime around 2005, and after moving out of Philly for a few years, I'm back and still hit up Dark Horse on a very regular basis; mostly on Monday nights, but during the week on occasion isn't unheard of.The place is a bit of a rabbit warren, with multiple bars in multiple rooms. It can get confusing if you've never been before, but most folks are friendly and will point you in the direction of the appropriate small room to meet your group.My experience here comes mainly on Monday nights for quizzo, which is pretty great. There's generally a fun crowd, and it's a good start to the week. They offer a few draft beers, nothing too outlandish, but generally something from PBC, Victory, Yards, etc., along with the regular tap of Harp, Guinness, Smithwicks and that ilk.The food can be hit or miss, but the pulled pork sandwich and quesedillas are pretty reliable as far as bar food goes. Nothing too fancy and no amazing plating or anything, but standard munchies to share is the normal.I have also planned two events here, both for work, and had a great experience working with the staff to make sure our needs were met. They have a good selection for their catering menu, and are pretty open to switching things up if the needs dictate. For one of our events, we were nowhere near done with our evening when our time ran out, but they were more than happy to stick around and run a cash bar even when the bartenders weren't scheduled to do so. Sure they're getting tips, but it was great not getting kicked out at the stroke of 10PM.Probably the best way to enjoy the Dark Horse is with a little bit of light afternoon drinking. The downstairs bar is well lit with natural sunlight, and there's usually some sort of wheat beer or lighter lager on tap. Combine that with a plate of something and a game of darts, and you've got the beginnings of a pretty decent evening.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,9/11/2011,144,305,4,5,4>So.  I've basically lived in Philly for eight years now, and three or so of those years in Hawthorne/Bella Vista.  And yet, I had never - not even once! - been to Sabrina's until last night.  Crazy, you say?  Yeah, I know.I'm glad I reversed that trend, because dinner here last night was wonderful.  For starters - you can get breakfast for dinner!  Perfect if you don't want to go during a packed brunch.  However, a hearty burger with sweet potato fries called my name, and boy, did it deliver.  Served with my choice of cheddar and fried onions on a beautiful brioche bun, this was one beautiful behemoth.  Oh, and those sweet potato fries, with some requested aioli on the side?  Money.The burger came out a liiiiiiiiitle rarer than I had ordered, but this was one kitchen mistake that turned out amazing.  I don't eat beef burgers often, and I get them closer to well, so I finally expanded my horizons - with flavorful, juicy results.For dessert, we went in for the splurge and split a gigantic, seriously GIGANTIC piece of carrot cake.  For drinks we brought our own bottles, and for that, it resulted in a modest check.  All in all, an amazing experience.Will be back to try some of the brunch favorites!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,9/10/2011,67,146,3,9,3>The name "Sushi Planet" conjures up images of white formica tables,  bright neon lighting, and the worst kind of conveyor-belt-style sushi. Fortunately, the real Sushi Planet offers none of these things.  Instead, it's just a great neighborhood BYO sushi joint. The fish is fresh, the rolls are reasonably-priced, and the ambiance is casual but nice enough for a date or a girls' night out. (It's a loud and young-ish crowd, though, so maybe not the best place to bring the in-laws.)  I wouldn't call Sushi Planet authentic - I'm not sure I've ever seen a Japanese person working there, in any capacity - but it's the deliciousness that counts in my book.The rolls can take a long time to come out from the sushi bar, so you might consider starting with some edamame, or other appetizer of your choice. They used to bring out free appetizers and sake, but that doesn't seem to happen anymore. Sad.  All the same, I'm sure I'll keep coming back time and time again!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,9/9/2011,250,550,6,7,7>Cookie Confidential's spartan storefront belies a wealth of baked goods innovation.  I'll start with the elephant in the room: the cheesesteak cookie.  It tastes something like a cross between a White Castle slider (flavor) and a savory cheddar/scallion scone (flavor & texture, but moister).  Its... interesting.  I liked it enough but declined to purchase any additional. I was also glad that the $1.35 cookie came in a serving size (about two bites) that did not obligate me to continue eating it.  That sounds like very faint praise, but I would still urge you to try it for yourself.The remainder of their cookie options were all quite good, with helpful samples out for most varieties.  None approached the, shall we say, idiosyncrasy of the cheesesteak cookie but novelties abound. They also offer cupcakes in a jar and bacon peanut brittle.  The latter is the delicious, the former I have not yet tried.  I will be returning here.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,9/8/2011,263,68,3,9,7>When my friends and I want to make plans to come to Taste of Key West, we say "Let's go back to Miami!" I have lived within 15 min from this place for a year and a half, and only tried it for the first time last month. It is a hidden gem.As you and your friends sit at a table on their outdoor patio overlooking the marina, Corona in hand, you will feel like you have been transported to a beach town. We listened to the live band playing outside, enjoyed a table-full of yummy food, and ordered buckets of beer. It feels like a vacation.We have decided that we will be back every few weeks for a little "getaway." =)
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,9/7/2011,303,225,5,6,5>One of the things I had intention of seeing when moving to the area was the Reading Terminal Market. Think indoor farmers market, amazing looking food vendors, flowers, chocolate, freshly made everything you can think of - cheeses, jam, pickled something, sauces, breads, baked goods, Dutch Pennsylvania invasion - sweet mother of jesus why do I only have one stomach... all under the same roof.One of the things that thoroughly impressed me was the large amount of vendors of the Pennsylvania Dutch variety. They were legit, down to the garb and beards. Lots of respect there and I definitely plan on patronizing them regularly. There were these amazing looking pies in one booth that had me salivating. I had already had lunch so I skipped on it but next time I know... I am going to have pie, FOR LUNCH. It was unfortunately packed and full of tourists (me included) which made navigating a little frustrating and difficult from time to time. Which led to the misfortune of getting my wallet jacked by some pick-pocketing asshats who double teamed by pushing me around in a busy corridor. Beware of crowds near the exits, keep your bags in front of you or stuff your wallet in your underwear, do not take out money at the ATM there cause they will case you... it happened to me. Apparently it is a problem there and I didn't know any better. But overall? WOW. It was a cornucopia of culinary eye porn that was a game of "just the tip". I want more. I plan on going back to the crime scene despite my apprehension. No one, not even a wallet stealing prick is gonna keep me from such a killer resource. And next time I am going more prepared: empty belly and an extra sharp eye... more food porn to come.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,9/6/2011,280,224,6,8,6>Ut oh!!! Work it Work it!!!!Yup.....me and my ladies got our pole on.  We dropped in on a Wednesday night, strapped on our stilettos and went to work.The studio is super cute--all pink and very girly, lots of poles and space to get your spin on.The instructor was very helpful, however she showed us some advanced pole action that me and my crew could definitely not do---but we all applauded her for her bangin moves.  I never knew you could basically simulate riding a bike on a pole horizontally -whoa! I'll need a lot more classes to get that one down. The fact that this place is in a great location, only $10 a class, and not crowded at all made it a super fun time for me and the girls.  I'll be back with a few Moms soon who want to get their pole on too!  I will say they could use some better/more updated music (thong song?!?--brought back some funny memories though).  The instructor did not seem to care so much about the music, but good strippin beats are a part of the whole experience ya know!Tip:  Make sure you check the schedule for the different classes they offer.  I went to a spin/twirl class that was geared toward more intermediate/advanced polers and I think a beginner class would have been more appropriate for our level.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/5/2011,425,275,10,8,7>Even if David Akers stood in the doorway of Paesanos 2 and kicked everyone in the balls ( or baby maker, ladies) upon entry, it's still the best sandwich shop in Philly.Just tried them out in their new digs, just a few blocks south, in the heart of the Italian market and I fell in love all over again.Adding to the love fest in Paesanos is a fountain soda option that contains Black Cherry Wishniak!!!! I was in heaven.2 complaints. They close too early at 3. The old location was open til 7.And the Arista is so damn good that I never get to try some of the other awesome options on their chalkboard. It's not quite a kick in the balls but it will certainly take your breath away.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/4/2011,28,79,3,5,4>This is my typical Saturday night haunt if I'm in town or not working.  Fantastic selection of local beer (and inexpensive!), though if it's a busy night make sure to get your fill of the good stuff early on - sometimes the good stuff will get kicked early.  Not that that really makes a difference.  I don't think I've had a bad beer here to date.Always seems to be pretty busy, but never too packed.  Nobody likes to be a sardine in a can when relaxing on a Saturday night.  Well, at least I don't.Can't say I've had the food, but the menu items always sound delicious.The barkeeps and service really put the finishing touch on this place - friendly people and great service.  A tough combo to beat.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,3/1/2011,53,82,10,9,8>I hesitated before writing this review for a really selfish reason. I feel sort of bad about it because I don't usually hold out on you Yelpers. But I think Era might be my new neighborhood watering hole during baseball season. There I said it. It's low-key, cheap, and you're guaranteed a decent spot to watch the Phils game. A good alternative to The Green Room and Rembrandt's (Urban Saloon is out of the effing question), Era helps to mix things up Fairmount style. Plus, spicy Ethiopian food is a welcome break from the traditional bar food I live on from now until fall. But they don't take cards so bring paper monies. P.S. An extra thing to appreciate about this place is that the locals really help to regulate any doucheyness that tries to infiltrate their little hub. For example, a loud patron came in and was being rude to his friends, fellow customers, and the waitress (Anyone ever tell you that you look like Hayden Panettiere from Heroes? She's hot. I'm not saying YOU'RE hot. Just that you look like her.). He was on some Tucker Max smack-her-with-words shit. And I wanted to murder him. But luckily, I didn't have to step in to defend the honor of bar maidens everywhere because a burly man stood up and informed the loud patron he was headed to the jukebox, "to put on something louder than YOU." Could have kissed him.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,2/28/2011,443,449,30,4,8>I had a poem all ready to go to describe my experience. Then I realized that it was in the form of a Haiku. I was worried that people would think I was being racist so I redid it to fit the Sijo form. Only then did I remember that Sijo is Korean. So I opted to try for a Limerick, but had trouble rhyming with suit. Hoot? Moot? Fruit? Brute? What kind of nonsense poem would that make? Finally, I said screw it and decided to do one of those free verse things, which is really an excuse for lazy writing. Shut up and appreciate it:A suit needed to be cleanedA suit was taken on a windy dayThere was a cute old lady and a grumpy looking manThe lady offered to fix a torn inside pocket for freeThat offer I accepted; should I not have?A suit they cleaned quite well so I thank them A suit is now ready so I thank YelpThe man offered me cakeThat last part is a lie
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,2/27/2011,212,160,11,10,10>One lovely Saturday morning a large group of friends and I decided to start the day out with a round at Juniata, a la beer-a-hole. Things went smoothly but slowly, however, after 18, I still had plenty of time to make the reception of the wedding ceremony I had missed around hole 15 (don't frown at me, I was a friend's fourth string plus one). All was still well as the twelve of us began loading up the car caravan, when suddenly we heard a low rumbling. Much like a yawn, that belly talk spread through our crew like wildfire, and within seconds every one of us was jockeying to name drop the most slammin' local eateries we knew. After many strong guarantees from a day walker I know, Chinks won out (who listens to those stricken with gingervitis, you ask? apparently this guy). Cruised into the old school looking shop and started dropping orders: whiz with, provolone and extra hots, American with saltpepperketchupandhotsauce.... the combos went on like that for a minute. Started chowing down on mine as soon as it came and immediately loved it, so much so that the girl constantly calling to check my ETA didn't take a drop of the enjoyment away for me. Steaks aren't chopped (not my usual style), they come on a fairly good roll, and with a healthy slathering-o-cheese. That meaty meal was so satisfying that 75% of us decided to go in for round two... so good that I had to cover the receiver as I again fibbed about being minutes from home just so I could re-up. Yeah, I know, how rude of me, but you don't know all the facts; there was a strip club directly across the street for the other four fellows to go wait out our extended meal, so everyone was happy. Never did make the wedding, but at least I learned about another solid NE cheesesteak (she forgave me eventually).
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,2/26/2011,2946,2194,22,33,27>This South Philly bakery sells crack by the mouthful, in the form of ice cream doughnuts.Go on, try one.Imagine a doughnut, halved, with a block of vanilla ice cream - they'll dish out Neapolitan if you're feeling patriotic - jammed in-between the doughnut halves, all covered in powdered sugar. The ice cream's an unknown-brand, but who cares: one ice cream doughnut goes for the bargain price of $2.50. Plus, we're not talking any doughnuts, but Italian doughnuts.If you don't like doughnuts, they've got other pastries, too.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,2/25/2011,188,104,3,4,4>Have a hankering for BBQ? Check. Need a butcher? Take your pick! Fresh produce? There are at least three markets to choose from. Want any cheese you can imagine? Start perusing! Cheesesteak/cheesecake craving? You could get both!! Not to mention there's representation from most ethnic foods - Chinese, Indian, middle eastern, Mexican, Greek. On any given day, there are so many smells wafting toward you once you walk in that it can be very overwhelming. Reading Terminal Market is a Philadelphia tradition where you can satisfy almost any gastronomical craving you might have. I personally don't think that the stalls in the Terminal are necessarily the best representatives of the individual cuisines, but it's rare to find one place that can satisfy the palate of everyone in your group. And some items are more expensive here than if you had gone elsewhere. But it's a Philadelphia tradition - no trip to Philadelphia would be complete without a stop here.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,2/24/2011,49,111,9,5,5>I am packing my bags. My husband is upset and he doesn't understand why I have decided to move out of the house. It is hard for me to explain the situation to him, as he was not present post-lunch when I proclaimed to my sister at Garces Trading Company, "I WANT TO LIVE HERE!" Garces Trading Company can be best described as a DiBruno Bros. with a restaurant and state store inside. The parameter of the store features a meat and cheese counter, a coffee bar that serves pastries that are almost too pretty to eat, and a wine shop that boasts various international wines for all budgets both big and small. Our friendly waiter informed us that their wine bottle prices range from $9.99 - $800, and they have all been selected by Garces himself. The service is phenomenal and friendly. Our waiter was more than happy to give me and my curious sister every little detail about the establishment. Pre-meal, patrons get to enjoy olive oil with slices of baguette. However, if you don't get your fill of olive oil, feel free to saunter over to the oil and vinegar sampling station! Upon the discovery of this amazing concept, a tiny part of my brain exploded from sheer excitement and I was tempted to buy a whole baguette from their bread shop and drizzle olive oil all over it. My sister and I split the margherita pizza and the semplice insalata. Once the chef brings any dish over to a table, he immediately explains what is in the dish and how it has been prepared. If I could add a sixth star to this review, simply for that feature, I would. The salad was light and flavorful, and the pizza made me reconsider my love for takeout. The staff may not be pleased if I show up with a sleeping bag and all of my possessions, fully prepared to move in, so I will just remain a regular patron of Garces Trading Company.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,2/23/2011,22,130,3,4,4>I'm in the middle of a five day cleanse and not enjoying it! Sook Hee Produce has been a lifesaver since I work across the street.I have been going there every now and again for lunch but only recently noticed the adjacent juice bar! So good! There are plenty of ingredients to choose from (fruits AND veggies) and you can create your own blend too.As the other reviewers have mentioned, the staff are very sweet people. Smoothies and fresh produce are generally more expensive than the local fast food options but I'm happy to support this nice little business. Sook Hee Produce is a Comcast Center "Market" essential!!!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,2/22/2011,84,382,2,21,6>I cannot believe I am the first to review this to be honest. This is the new boat which replaced the Captain Lucky, which enjoyed a pretty loyal following and hosted the Philly Pirate Cruise. The BF Yacht is a much larger version of Captain Lucky. It's a three deck yacht (2 air conditioned and enclosed, 1 top deck). All three decks have bars. The bottom deck hosts the buffet. The BF Yacht is docked on the pier directly across from Callowhill Ave, and right next to Cavannaugh's Riverdeck. I threw a birthday party on this boat for my husband, who really wanted to "be on a boat." For $65 per person, we got an expansive buffet (including appetizers, 3 entrees, salad, rolls, fruit), an open bar with wine, beer, and liquor, the 3 hour cruise, and a DJ. We booked our cruise from 6-9 pm. Because we were a small group (around 30), we shared the cruise with another group. Curiously, with a class of '65 reunion. Seems an odd combination (the music choices became hilariously different). But after a while, it was an incredibly fun time. The bartenders were fantastic and fun. Captain Ed was great, and the whole staff does a wonderful job. They even did a great setup for the cupcakes I brought. Our guests had a phenomenal time. This is a great option for people who want to book a booze cruise or other event on a boat. Definitely check them out!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,2/20/2011,97,108,4,7,4>Oh geez, this is probably the most necessary update that I will ever make because you guys - I GOT BANGS.Here's the deal. I am pretty boring in terms of my hair and really god damn scared of change after an AWFUL haircut 3 years ago at another salon. I already loved this place and already loved what Lena did to my hair but today she seriously went so above and beyond my expectations. You see, my coworker had been harassing me about getting bangs and changing my totally blah hair that I've had the same way for about 6 years. Me, being a total lame-o and a wuss, spent 2 weeks getting super anxious at the thought of it but finally decided to say "fuck it" and do it. Lena was super awesome as always and helped calm my nerves while giving me the most ADORABLE HAIR CUT EVER. Seriously, I am so so so so SO in love with the bangs she gave me. She listened and did exactly what I described and then some once I told her to just take charge and finish it in the way she thought would look best. I love it. LOVE IT. Coolest part? Free bang trims! Lena girl, you rock my world :D
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,2/19/2011,85,187,4,8,3>IndeBlue has been on my radar for a bit now, and it did not disappoint.  We entered the sleek, clean restaurant and were quickly shown to a table right next to the open kitchen.We asked the server to suggest a couple different naan options since there were a lot of choices.  He offered up their traditional bread and another that was cheese-filled.  We also ordered samosa, which I approached with some hesitation because of a past bad experience.  Turns out, the Rutgers dining hall wasn't doing it right.  These samosa  had a spicy, delicious filling inside a tender, flaky crust.  I could have eaten more, but thankfully our dinners came out quickly.Our dining companions each ordered lamb dishes.  They loved them, but I declined a taste since they ordered them hot and I am a heat wuss.  My husband and I went simple and decided to settle the age-old argument:  Which is better?  Chicken Makhani or Chicken Tikka Masala?The verdict: they are both equally amazingly saucy and flavorful when you order them at IndeBlue.  I would have loved to order some dessert, but alas, we were all too stuffed, what with our meals, our appetizers, and the second basket of naan we had them bring out.  No biggie, though.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,5/9/2012,62,187,2,6,4>I work pretty close to the Reading Terminal so I usually skip over there for lunch when I don't bring it from home. While I had been in Grocery before I always dismissed it as too pricey to actually buy something. But on this glorious beautiful day as I was taking a walk during my lunch hour I stopped in for a pre-made salad to bring back to the office. I picked up the Asian Chicken Satay Salad and I was totally blown away at a few things: 1. the Deliciousness 2. the Huge portion and 3. the reasonable Price. The salad was loaded with romaine lettuce, seaweed salad, cashews, edamame, cabbage, and satay chicken. It also came with a very tasty ginger miso vinaigrette. The salad was $6.99 and definitely worth it. I couldn't finish it all. Everything else in Grocery looked amazing. The hot and cold bar, soups, and treats as well as the other pre-made salads. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,5/8/2012,158,461,5,5,7>It is a privilege and an honor to be the first to rate the Silver Fox Inn. My friends and I went to Joe's Maplewood (check out my review) one night for their 21st birthdays. We stopped at the Fox afterward for a few drinks. It was right around Halloween time and the inside was fully decorated. We learned that what is now the Silver Fox Inn was at one time a fox farm. The place has been here for YEARS! We always used to pass by and see the classic cadillac parked out front. The car itself hasn't moved in decades! We were lucky enough to meet Foxy, owner of the Silver Fox Inn. We took a few pictures with her and had a grand olde time! We have been back a couple of other times since. One night my buddy and I walked in with our acoustic guitars and put on a show for Foxy. She requested we play Bob Seger. Now how cool is that? When it comes to bars on the White Horse Pike, this is as good as it gets!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,5/7/2012,28,110,2,5,4>I haven't shelled out that 5th star in a while.  It's as if that 5th star is a vowel I have to buy on Wheel of Fortune.  Let me also add that Talula's was my second dinner of the night, after a whole day of eating.  My brother comes to town, I took the day off of work, we ate Philadelphia.  This was our last stop of the night, for a 10:00pm dinner.  I think if we came here on an empty (or emptier) stomach, I might have proposed to Talula.  Anyhow,  we had the halibut artichoke dish, lamb in the clay pot thing with polenta (I can't really recall the official title), and a mushroom pate of sorts.  Everything was just so well done and balanced, I don't really have a better way of putting it.  Just all the ingredients made sense.  I had a hard time picking from the menu because even reading the ingredients, I thought it was brilliant.  The garden area is very cute, and the service was impeccable.  Small talk, large talk, they covered it all.  A waitress who wasn't even our waitress sold the ginger ale like she owned stock in it.  I would've bought tap water from her by that point.  Talula, I'll see you at the Table in 2012.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,5/6/2012,1135,197,26,13,17>I am a bad, naughty, dirty, weekday vegan....Yes I just started my "summer weather diet" but I couldn't help myself. It was 87 degrees out and I live 3 blocks from Franklin Square Park. I took my dogs for a "walk" and decided to sneak myself the famous SqaureBurger *CAKE SHAKE*!Was it Vegan? NoWas it under 300 calories? Most likely notWas it amazing?! It's a milkshake made of vanilla ice cream blended with TastyKake Butterscotch Krimpets, sponge cakes covered with butterscotch icing.... YES IT WAS FREAKIN' AMAZING!Do I have regrets?! Of course I do and no I did not tell my husband or post it on Facebook.Ashamed, I took a long cold shower after to scrub off the guilt & sickness I felt from the sugar overload.But yes ladies it is worth all the shame! Treat yourself this summer and let it remain your dirty little secret. ;-)
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/5/2012,250,550,10,11,8>Union Transfer is the best music venue in Philly by a large margin. The best sound, the best lights, the best use of space & booking most of the best shows.* Best everything.I think all of that enthusiasm is called for. The tickets are cheap (mostly $15-$20). There's never a hassle getting in. They book cool bands. I like how the three bars are situated. The sight lines are great, especially from the balcony. It doesn't get weird gross sticky musty hot during packed shows. Shows generally begin on-time. (These are all sly digs at other venues in Philly of similar size/booking some of the same acts, I guess, but the guys running UT seem to have paid attention to how to improve upon all these things.) I've been to several shows here just because I trusted it would be a pretty good time based on the venue; was not disappointed.I think you should go see music here.* I guess I should qualify the last portion of this statement with "assuming you have the same general taste in music as me, a person on the internet you do not know."
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,5/4/2012,563,317,14,14,13>While we all know about the prison shiv, what is less well known is the ability of a jealous woman to use but a mere glance to gut you like a fish for...wandering eyes.You see, the Ranstead Room is a really cool, sublime speakeasy near the corner of Ranstead and 20th.  If you are not careful, you could easily walk on by and head merrily down dimly lit, deserted Ranstead St. and  perhaps encounter your own literal experience with a shiv.After a twenty minute indoor wait, we were shown to our seats at the bar.  The Negroni I had was superb, and I allowed our bartender to make my second drink, the only request that it be citrusy.  The Casino she came up with was wonderful and I strongly recommend that you try it.  (It was a bit noisy in there, and at first I thought she said "langostino" and had a profound sigh of relief when my drink showed up without the morbid remains of a crustacean garnishing the glass).Anyway, what caused my near loss of kidneys was the fact that there are murals of naked women all about the walls and I found myself fighting the primordial urge to gawk at these two-dimensional beauties.  If my eyes wandered away, ever so slightly, from my lady or my drink, I faced a metaphorical spleenectomy.So, if you possess hardened carbonite self control or a very understanding other, you will find this venue about as cool as it gets.  If not, you had best wear blinders or you will be an unwilling organ donor.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,5/3/2012,121,362,4,6,4>Here we go again--- I'm sitting at the bar again. This time is different though, I'm in fried food heaven with 20 wings, a small panzarotti, sweet potato fries that are smothered in honey sauce and a few beers to wash it all down. The locals at The Jug preserve the come as you are attitude that rule this bar. Sports fans can zone in on the game from any of the TV screens. If one TV isn't in focus rest-assure there's another view at a different angle. One warning: 99% of patrons bleed for the Philly teams but eh, rivals can grab a seat too.Order seconds at The Jug since there is PLENTY to choose from: monster burgers ($7-8), 7 variations of fries, Buffalo wings ($7-$15), baby back ribs ($12-$20) and the starters menu has so much gluttony to choose from that the heart-attack is well-worth it.. Ahhhh yes, this is one of my favorite Jersey dive bars. The food is great, greasy and goes down well with a cold drink. Service is on point and served with a smile.Leave your dancing high heels at home, a dance floor isn't here but girly girls and hot guys are still welcome and roam the bar. At the game's half-time, rock and country music play on the jukebox, ironically one hit is Bruce Springsteen. Oh yeah, I'm feelin' the Jersey spirit!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/2/2012,42,110,,7,4>Holy delicious, batman.Came here for my mom's birthday and pretty much ordered everything off the menu. We're talking like it was our last meal on earth and we were making sure we didn't enter eternity on an empty stomach. I'll get to the food, but I need to pause here to give the staff some serious props. I've never met a nicer group of people or seen a more competent dinner service anywhere else. There were no awkward lags between ordering and when our food came out, no waiting around with an empty glass. Our waiter was personable without being pushy, and helped steer us in the right direction with each of our courses if we were stuck between two choices. In most cases, we ended up ordering both and devouring (and loving!) everything.The space itself is really beautiful. There is a community table in the middle of the restaurant with the most amazing vintage mis-matched "chandelier" made up of other smaller, salvaged lights. Paired with the raw wood table and dark walls, this place made my heart go thump-thump. Yeah, I'm weird.Now onto the food. We started with the two salumi + two formaggi (prosciutto and finocchiona, and quadrello di buffala and the asiago) which came paired with yummy, crusty bread and a lemon honey and red wine mustard for dipping. We were so enamored right from the start that we asked for more bread just to soak up the sauces, and our waiter kindly advised us to save room for the rest of our meal. Good thing he did, too, because we also ordered: ceci beans and lentil bruschetta (sweet and savory and served in our own little mason jar), a beet and fennel salad (fresh and delicious), fried artichokes (I stayed away from these as I don't trust artichokes), pork ribs (the meat literally falls off the bone), charred octopus (not at all chewy!), and then a quattro formaggi pizza. You may think you've had pizza before, but you're operating under a misguided notion of what pizza is. Want to find out what it's supposed to taste like? Come here. The dough is thin and yet still fluffy, and is baked in a brick-oven until the crust bubbles and chars like naan. We watched the head chef (previously of Parc) individually drizzle olive oil and garnish with fresh basil every pizza that left his kitchen. With that kind of attention to detail, you know you're getting something good.I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu. And to get my hands on some more of those crunch ceci beans and pistachios they serve you right as you sit down. We went through two bowls of those, too. I imagine the view is pretty spectacular on a nice night, as it's nestled right along the curve of the river. Definitely worth a trip out here. They hit it out of the park for me.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,5/1/2012,36,106,11,12,10>We have been here a few times and for inexpensive quick Chinese "fast food" you can hardly beat this place.   It's simple food done well.    I even like the hot tea they serve in glasses; it's usually very fresh and good, not too strong - not too weak.We've mostly only gotten the rice dishes and congee, both are brilliant.  My favorite is the chicken congee; it has small chucks of white meat swimming in creamy hot rice porridge with the subtle surprise of nearly invisible slices of ginger and who knows what else that elevate it from just good to delicious.   Hubby prefers the pork congee; the larger chunks of tasty meat are more to his liking.  For $4 there is enough for two people.  We've tried almost all the "Meats on White Rice" combos and all were delish - lovely hot, sticky, silky rice with tasty sliced meat and a small side of a green vegetable (bok choy?), what's not to like?  We've seen steaming huge plates of various yummy looking noodle types of dishes go past on their way to other customers but we are so into the congee and rice dishes we've haven't tried one yet.I love the waiters here - they are rather taciturn, silently yet efficiently refilling glasses of water and tea almost as soon as they become empty.  There is something faintly sinister about them, their eyes never quite meet yours as they glide confidently around the room - I think this job is just a fill in between their real jobs elsewhere, I somehow imagine them as extras in a Chinese gangster movie?  We sometimes finish off the night by slipping across the street to the equally inexpensive Mong Kok Station bakery for some delicious strong coffee and a slice of tiramisu cake.  These days it's nice there is somewhere to have a night out with your honey for $20 or so !
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,4/30/2012,331,353,4,7,5>You know they have the best bloody around right?  Do I really have to tell you about it?  No...ok...well then...Did you know they have a tasty bowl of mussels? Oh you didn't...well they do.  Maybe some of the best in this town.  There is a tasty little surprise piece of bread at the bottom of the bowl and chunks of yummy spicy chorizo.  The sauce is perfect and goes well with a side of fries (though the mussels are filling enough).  I am addicted to vinegar, so the vinegar aioli  that accompanies the fries was heaven.Service is perfection.  The decor is the usual "Let's just throw up some Christmas lights because our food is good enough and we don't need to pretty up the place".  It is true.  The food and drink is enough to take me this far south again.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,8/8/2010,112,62,6,11,10>What an adorable little place on Liberties Walk! When I stepped inside, I felt like I died and went to Fairy Princess Heaven. Talk about a little girl's dream candy store! Lots of fun stuff to look at and lots of pink. Candy, candy and MORE CANDY makes me forget how much I dislike the color pink.The employees here, a mom and daughter team, are super friendly and helpful and the prices are ... well, let's just say that when it comes to "Mmm"-inducing chocolate, no price is too high. The chocolate is worth every penny and totally de-friggin-licious. There are also a bunch of fun displays throughout the store, with interesting little oddball candies and gifts. Oh, oh, oh! Wait! They serve Bassetts ice cream, milkshakes and sundaes, too! (I'm sure once I try one of those, I'll add another star.)I'm telling you, between this place and Brown Betty cupcakes, my dentist is going to have a field day at my next checkup.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,8/6/2010,56,71,8,7,9>On Saturday, my broke friends and I sat on an old bedsheet and wasted the evening away with a deck of Uno in the park. What started as a few laughs in the park, with consideration for our neighbors, ended in a raucous game of leapfrog complete with cartwheels after all our neighbors were long gone.Some of the best, cheapest fun can be had in the park. It's also a great place to people-watch. Today I walked by and saw two bleach blonde muscleheads dancing. Not to mention, there are tons of homeless people sleeping. They use plastic bags for pillows.Rittenhouse is easily the most popular park in the city, therefore always crowded and full of folks to look at and/or laugh at. It's also a pretty good place to blend in. With that said, do not bring sidewalk chalk. I got kicked out for that once.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,8/4/2010,44,92,1,12,10>It's about time philly got in on the speakeasy game. i've been waiting for a place to whisper a password upon entrance. the first time i visited (stopped in while waiting for a table at melograno), i loved the dim lighting and blues crackling over the sound system. i was surprised by the ample seating and friendly and prompt service. sampled the french 75 (champagne, gin, lemon juice and sugar). tasty and strong! after just one drink, i was floating. based on the strength of the drinks alone, i can't gripe about the price. stopped back again a few weeks later with a large group. again, ample seating (oddly, i have not had a problem getting a seat) and prompt service. the drinks were just as good as i had remembered. the crowd is surprisingly stuffy -- i would expect a more bohemian, sophisticated clientele -- but i go for the spirits and not the people. so, i will definitely be back.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,8/3/2010,145,158,9,6,6>Being from Long Island, and having grown up with Jewish deli as my "soul food", I had to try Kibitz Room when they moved into Center City (Locust bw 15th & 16th) a few weeks ago.  First of all - love the name.  Catchy and Yiddish.  Need I say more?  Second of all - the portions are re-dick - and by re-dick I mean AWESOMELY HUGE!  I finally Kibitzed with a girlfriend for dinner and we both enjoyed it very much.  Weather you're in the mood for a corned beef sandwich or some 7-layer cake, or a big salad, Kibbitz has something for everyone craving Jewish-style deli.  Real-deal Jewish delis do not serve cheese, so it's not fully kosher, but for this Long Islander - close enough!My girlfriend and I had gi-mongous salads that could easily serve as three meals.  I had the Kibitz Chef Salad which came with turkey and corned beef as well as swiss on top of a huge bed of veggies - crisp, fresh, delish.  We should have gotten one salad and shared.  Although my salad was $16, it was worth it due to size.Here was the cherry to top off this deli-dream-sundae:  PICKLE BAR!!!!  Are you kidding me?  I wanted to kiss the guy behind the counter.  All types of pickles and cucumber salads to choose from - even those weird-looking-but-possibly-good green tomatoes that I never eat but maybe I should try.A must if you've got the chutzpah to take on the portions at Kibitz Room!  I highly recommend it!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,8/2/2010,96,186,8,8,10>I am obsessed with cats. For my birthday a couple of weeks ago, my boyfriend got me a t-shirt with a picture of my two cats on it that says "BEST FRIENDS". One of these cats was adotped from Fairmount Pet. Everyone who works here is very nice and you can tell they are all animal lovers. I love the store's resident animals walking around and I appreciate their selection of goodies for cats (and dogs, even though I'm not a dog owner). Also, they don't carry your standard pet food brands, only the good stuff.Obviously, the best part of this store is their adoptions. One day on our way to Philly Flavors in May, admist a several week-long hunt for a companion cat for my first baby, my boyfriend and I stopped to look in window of Fairmount Pet. They had closed for the day already, and I had been in practically every day for about a week, but there were three new kitties in the window. Immediately, one caught my boyfriend's eye. "I like that one." I came back the next day and took him out of the cage and he stretched his little head up and touched his nose to mine. I WAS IN LOVE! Within a few days, I took him home and now the four of us are one happy family.I love that their adoptions have a good turn-around. It warms my heart. There are always cats being adopted out, including the occasional adult cat, which I appreciate. And I know that they are sure to give all of their animals good, warm homes. I think a visit to FPS is a must for any cat lover or pet owner. Adopt adopt adopt!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,8/1/2010,212,160,10,16,17>Went with my brother today to pick up sixty pounds of succulent swine and it was all I could do on the drive home to keep from reaching into the back seat to pull off a chunk of nirvana. He got a whole pig which came deboned (they remove a lot of fat too), seasoned, cured, and cooked for $245. Since it will be feeding fifty people (they say it would feed sixty, I guess a pound a person) that works out to five bucks a head, which is pretty darned good. Came with two jars of juices or gravy or something that I didn't try for two reasons; First, the pork was good enough by itself, and second, I was snaking the meat on the side since it was for a party to which I was not invited. I highly recommend that you order a whole pig for your next jump off, then sit back and watch with pride as the head inevitably gets placed on a spear and your guest drunkenly dance around it in some pagan ritual.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,7/31/2010,87,192,10,20,17>The Dapper Dog is a new hot dog cart that opened last night at the corner of 2nd & Poplar (opposite the Standard Tap) -- great location! Owners Seth and Harry are great guys, nice as can be, and definitely passionate about serving up great hot dogs.Last night after some drinks at Standard, I went over with some friends for a dog. I got the "Moe Green," a hot dog with asparagus, provolone and Parmesan -- just blew your mind, right? It was awesome. Both my friends got to the Coney Island dog which is topped with chili, banana peppers and shredded cheddar. They raved.They also offer: a Chicago dog with onions, tomatoes, mustard, peppers and a pickle spear;  the Jersey Special with grilled potatoes, peppers, onions, and American cheese; a veggie sandwich with grilled greens and onions (cheese optional); and, what I'm most excited to try next, the Dolce Vita. This baby comes piled with tomato sauce, pepperoni, provolone, and parmesan. All of these specialty dogs are a mere $3.50, while a regular plain ol' boring hot dog is just $2.50. How - you ask - can they fit all of this on a hot dog and expect people to comfortably eat it on the street? Mere hot dog buns are a joke to the Dapper Dog - these guys use half hoagie rolls instead. Genius. Sides of chili, rice and beans, grilled potatoes, and green beans are also available (all $2.00). Sodas and water can be obtained for just $1.00.While talking to Seth and Harry, they mentioned wanting to get a picnic table or some tables and chairs so patrons can sit and enjoy their tasty dogs. And starting this Monday, they'll be offering up breakfast in the form of a fried egg and cheese sandwich or a cheese omlet with add-in options of peppers & onions, mushrooms, asparagus and/or pepperoni.Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,7/30/2010,400,308,10,14,13>This place is like my favorite hoodie:It's a go-to, comfy item worn when I'm not feeling my best or I'm just casually hanging out with my friends. It's never the first thing I think to put on, but it's usually the third item I throw on after I tried a few on for size.  It is old, roomy, dark, and it's always in the same condition when I last wore it - and for as long as I've had it, it hasn't changed or gone out of style.  There's nothing particularly special about it, it's just always good for a back-up and/or a last minute plan. Society Hill hotel has affordable booze, grub and a halfway decent beer list - I find it's a better place for imbibing than for eating.  Moreover, the menu reads like a third grader's book report and is replete with errors (it's a weird gripe of mine when prix fixe is written as "pre-fix" or "leaks" instead of "leeks" etc.)   This place offers safe refuge from the cheesy weekend crowds in Old City.  There's always an open table or a seat at the bar; and you've got to love the great corner location and the big windows to watch drunken scenes unfold.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,7/29/2010,436,385,7,7,8>came here for dinner tonight with a friend because of their awesome 50% off summer special. if you can prove that you live, work, or go to school in the philly area, you can get 50% off your meal for you and a friend. i got a big bowl of noodles (normally $7 which is already cheap) for only $3.50. WHAT IN THE WORLD. i felt like i was robbing the place.you can see their website for more details about which days you qualify for 50% off and what kind of ID you need to bring to prove it. i believe the special only covers their regular menu and not any of their pre-existing specials. but still, what an awesome deal! all the more reason to give them 4 stars. the deal only lasts til the end of august, so go while there's still time!thank you sang kee for making it more affordable to eat out on a student's budget.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,7/27/2010,202,329,4,8,8>you know, there's something to be said about consistency...  i haven't been there in almost 2 years, but when i went back last night, it was still pretty darn good.mother dearest got the tasting menu (theme: spice!) and i got the chilled avocado soup and swordfish.  the service was great, once again, and even sans bottle of wine, the food stood up on its own.  highlight for me: the duck was melt in your mouth tasty, and came with a foie gras spring roll.  i think a little piece of me died and went to heaven.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,3/7/2012,85,324,1,3,3>On the 4th attempt, I finally got to eat here. All it took was coming in during an Eagles game. The space is warm and intimate. On a quiet Sunday afternoon, it felt like a great place to sit back and drink and eat one of the best burgers in Philly. And so it was, until the place got packed and it got loud and crowded. Then it was just a fancy and very crowded Rittenhouse bar/restaurant.I had the Village King, which is probably one of the most ridiculous burgers I've ever had. A 1/2 pound burger with blue cheese, applewood smoked bacon, maple bourbon glazed cippollini(Italian onion) and duck. The maple glazed cippolini was absolutely delicious. I could probably eat them all day, or at least until I exploded from gas pains. The bacon was nice and the blue cheese was good. The burger was perfectly cooked, a thing of beauty. Unfortunately I didn't really taste the duck. I know it was there, but the cippolini and blue cheese flavors overwhelmed it. The beer infused cheddar sauce was delicious and complimented the duck fat fries very well.I'd like to come back sometime when it's my birthday or on someone's expense account and work my way through the fantastic colleciton of whiskeys. And have another burger, minus the duck.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/6/2012,110,202,3,5,5>I am lazy.  I don't like to venture outside of a 3 block radius when it comes to weekend brunch because a) I'm often hungover and b) I hate driving. Today I made the exception and finally trekked over to Cafe con Chocolate with a friend who's been insisting for months that I just HAVE to try it.  Well, she was right; it was totally worth the trip. What a cute place! I loved the look of it from the brightly painted outside to the warmly painted cozy inside with hammered copper tabletops. The place is pretty small and it was packed when we got there, but were able to snag a free table off in the corner.  I started out with the cafe con chocolate.  I figured a beverage must be pretty spectacular to name a restaurant after it...and it was! A big steamy mug of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso was exactly what I needed. Then came the food.  After what seemed like an eternity I was presented with a big delicious mess of a plate.  The Chilaquiles with mole sauce and scrambled eggs was delectable...and huge.  I sampled my friend's huevos rancheros which was also quite tasty.  We also shared a side of plantains (sweet fried deliciousness topped with cream and cheese) and home fries (perfectly fried and spiced with what I believe was chipotle).  I was STUFFED by the end of this meal.  Portions are gigantic.  We had to utilize the table next to us for our sides of plantains & home fries because the main dishes took up our whole table. Despite my gluttonous state of brunch overload, I couldn't help but notice the nachos being served to the next table over.  Damn, they looked good.  I can't wait to go back to this place and try out more menu items!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,3/5/2012,311,132,15,14,7>Stock's Bakery lies. It is not a pound cake. It is more like a 3-pound cake. And every single bite is rich, buttery, and probably sinful in some way. Get the chocolate swirl, get the vanilla icing, get yourself into sweet nirvana.So long, Sara Lee. You had the pound cake quadrant of my heart for so long, but now I have grown up and pledge my allegiance to Stock's.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,3/4/2012,92,82,3,8,6>The best dinner I've had in years (ever?). Really.Since so much of their menu is small plates, the prices can add up quickly if you want to try everything, but listen. Save your money from going out to three mediocre cheaper places and just wait and go to Stateside - the meal you'll get there will be better than any of those other mediocre places combined. Well worth it.This is what we got: Pickled carrots with ginger & cumin, pan roasted brussel sprouts, house made duck sausage, grilled coulette steak, grilled shrimp (on special that night), crispy maple glazed pork belly, and then for dessert (although I'm surprised we even had room for dessert at this point) the chocolate tart and the apple donut. Oh.. and the cocktails, let's not leave those out. Our bartender was awesome, she was so friendly and gave suggestions and would ask what we wanted next when our drinks were getting low rather than wait until they were completely empty. A little thing like that goes a long way. The restaurant is pretty tiny and there's not much standing room if you have to wait. Might not be the best place to go if you have a large group. They don't take reservations on Fridays or Saturdays, which I  actually think is a good thing, because you can just decide to go last minute and try your luck.  We sat at the bar at first, waiting for a table to open up.. but the bar was so comfortable anyway we decided to just stay and eat there. The manager went around to everyone asking how their dinner was going, definitely made us feel welcome.Chef George Sabatino, please come home and cook for me every night. I could eat those brussel sprouts for every meal of the day.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,3/3/2012,125,201,4,6,5>Totally, this place has a sick beer list (I would like to try some of the beers aging in their basement but I keep finding an interesting something-or-other on draft instead) and good, if heavyish, food (fried pickles fried pickles fried pickles fried pickles).Can we talk about the hot dog garden, though? It's magical. You can get a veggie dog with avocado and wasabi mustard and 6 other awesome things on it, and it's called California Uber Alles. Wells Bombardier in a can. Twinkling lights and warm, heavy nighttime air. That one Daniel Johnston song playing. SUMMER!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,3/2/2012,128,341,2,4,3>This place is fun, easy, and they don't mess around w/their meat. Their dogs are primo and the toppings are fresh and unique. The layout of the restaurant is easy-going, just like the staff. They don't make their own hot dogs but after eating one, I couldn't care less! I came in expecting to get the Saigon or some other concoction on their regular menu, but had to get the "Philly Surf and Turf" instead because I needed to know if it was as good as it looked and boy was it ever! It was a fish fry and a hot dog in one with all the fixins- a tad messy but totally worth licking the finely chopped, pickled veggies off of my hands. The fries are also great- salty, thick steak cut fries in a paper cone. Try the dipping sauces- I got lemon thyme (just okay) and curried mayo (awesome!). They participate in Level Up- score one for South Street- they needed something like this. Average dog costs $5.50- not too shabby.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,2/29/2012,66,71,,10,6>After studying abroad in Chile and working in an authentic Peruvian restaurant in my college town here in the US, I've been on the hunt for an authentic Peruvian restaurant in Philly. Well gracias a Dios that I found El Balconcito!!It's a bit under the radar and off the beaten path, especially for Center City residents like me, but the food was exactly what I was looking for and expecting. In addition to Peruvian cuisine, they also feature Portuguese on their menu. Because I was missing the familiar Peruvian food that I used to eat so frequently, I chose to stick with the Peruvian dishes. The portions were huge and the food was very enjoyable. Our leftovers became lunch for the both of us the next day. We had the papa a la huancaina, ceviche, tostones rellenos and lomo saltado. I wanted to drink the huancaina sauce by the gallon. The ceviche was a wonderful mix of freshness, flavor and color. The tostones were yummy but so filling, I could only eat one. The lomo was delicous. And the fact that they had bottles of picante sauce (the good green Peruvian kind) on every table really won me over. Psht, Tabasco shabasco. Picante is where it's at.The service could have been better but it wasn't terrible. It seemed like we waited an excessively long time for our check though. The atmosphere is casual and laid back, just as the Latino culture tends to be. You know it must be good if you're the only non-Latino people there.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,2/28/2012,99,109,5,9,4>Get up early. Very early. You're hungry. Your partner is hungry. You can agree: this is where you want to eat.As one of the top brunch places in the city, everyone else has this idea as well. Best to arrive as early as possible to snag a table without a long wait. Don't forget to sign in on the wait list by the door or you'll get bumped to the back of the line, like we did once. No hostess, just a simple sheet of paper to put down your name and number of diners.An order of blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon is my ideal brunch food. Plump blueberries, fluffy pancakes and salty, fatty, perfectly cooked crisp bacon. Salivating just thinking about it. I've also had some satisfying specials, which rotate frequently.Cash only, yo.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/27/2012,128,415,7,4,4>$3.50 for a whiskey shot and a PBR tallboy? Amazing.$1.50 for a hot dog? Amazing*My friend and I sat at a table with a PacMan game on it, drank our whiskey shots and PBRs, and people-watched the glorious hipsters. When we got drunk enough, we ate hot dogs. What more do you need in life?Notes: Cash only, and on Saturday there was a $3 cover cause they had live music.*When you're drunk
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,2/26/2012,61,261,7,9,3>I just got back from having a "maternity massage" at Body Restoration, and holy crap it was heavenly; Rachel did my massage and she was great.. They use a special body cushion that's concave so that super pregos like me can actually lay face down and get a real massage. Let me tell you, at 8 months pregnant, the ability to lie on my front for half an hour was almost worth the cost by itself; the things you didn't know you'd miss until you started sharing your abdomen with a fetus =P
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,12/11/2012,130,214,5,12,5>We visited Han Dynasty on the first Friday it was open. I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was some of the BEST food I've ever had! The Dan Dan noodles, while spicy, weren't overpowering. I scarfed them down so quickly, I wasn't sure if I'd have any room for my meal! They were so good I wanted to just dive into a pool of them and gorge myself all day! I ordered a scallop dish (the exact name escapes me but it was on the center of the page, if that's helpful!) which was cooked to perfection. The pork dumplings were great as well, though I had trouble eating them with chopsticks and took them home to eat in the privacy of my house without looking like a piglet!Everyone working was extremely friendly. Although the food was coming out slowly, it was worth it. The staff checked in frequently - just enough to be very helpful, but never taking it to an annoying extreme. The atmosphere is relaxed and very quiet, leading two loud Italians to be a bit out of place. However, we were never once looked at with a side eye or an evil stare, and we did actively work to keep our voices lower than normal - not an easy task! I cannot wait to revisit Han Dynasty and try out more of the wonderful food (and spicier dishes, as I get braver!).
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,12/10/2012,716,107,3,6,2>Take XFinity for what it is... a sports bar.  When it's put that way, it's the best sports bar in the city.  I know the beers and food are expensive and I know the crowd isn't always the best, but it's exactly the same if not worse inside of the stadiums.  At least at XFinity you're surrounded  by screens with sports on non-stop, including the 40ft.+ one in the middle of the place.  If you're willing to pay over $200 for an Eagles/Flyers ticket, and then parking, concessions, and dealing with a stadium full of people... you really can't complain with what XFinity has to offer.  There is a huge variety of food and beverages for every type of customer and sports fan.  They may be somewhat pricey (w/ specials rarely being offered) but you're going for the whole experience, not just to grab a beer or two and watch the game.  I've never had a problem with any bouncers here, neither has any of my friends, and we've been pretty wrecked from time to time... I guess we just know how to handle ourselves in public.  Block out all the douches, sit back and enjoy a few cold ones, enjoy the half-naked girls dancing on platforms for every Eagles game, enjoy the barely-clothed gorgeous beertub girls, and most of all enjoy the enormous screen that no other place in Philly can compete with (unless you want to sit outside in the cold at The Piazza).
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,12/9/2012,80,149,2,5,4>Mouthwatering meats and small exotic plates + BYOB + Breezy patio seating?I will be back, and I will bring friends - because this is the place where the more folks you bring, the more food you can try!My brother & sister-in-law took me to Uzbekistan to belatedly celebrate my birthday the other week where we sat out front in the evening breeze & ordered way too much food from the extensive menu. (I can't comment on the interior at all, but I'd be happy sitting on milk crates to eat this food again!)We brought some Founders Porter, dark, decadent and perfect for the evening. (Though don't be shy to bring your vodka - that's definitely the drink of choice of the regulars!) For appetizers we enjoyed the 'Healthy Salad (Olivie) and the Fimchusa. My brother and I shared the Ukranian Borscht served with sour cream. From the entree menu we enjoyed Manti, Lagman Kavurma, Chebureks, and 4 kinds of succulent shish kebabs: Lamb, Lula, Skirt Steak & Chicken served on skewers and covered with raw, finely sliced sweet onions.Our server was nice, we didn't wait long at all in between courses, and our leftovers made a happy reappearance at the end of the meal packaged neatly in a bag. Kudos to Gary & Ali for introducing me to a place I'm sure will feature in many future fun evenings!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,12/8/2012,180,143,3,5,6>Two words: BEER BREAD.  There are 2 varieties of beer bread made here, and they are both amazing. I don't eat much bread, but if you live alone I recommend sharing a loaf with a friend or freezing the rest, as it freezes well. This is only one of 2 bakeries from which I will eat the bread. The offerings are outstanding. DO YOU HEAR ME????!!! I said out STANDing, fools.           The other things - flatbreads, pastries, and weekly whims of fancy (they dig getting creative, so don't get addicted to a special SPECIAL item, cause it may not be there next time) - all rise above thebar, and ever you find the crew at a Farmers Market, you can bet that one of the baker dudes is there and will proudly answer all of your questions.            When it comes to coffee or bread, nothing but the very best cross my lips. I deserve that - and so do you. Treat thyself!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/7/2012,182,603,,9,5>I'm going to add on to the 5 star reviews because this place is awesome.  I had zero experience with chaat, but when I was in the area and did a yelp search for restaurants, I had to try it.  The owner is super friendly and will guide you through the process of making your meal.  I'm not exactly sure what all was in it, but I got the crazy chicken, which had two types of chicken, mango, potatoes, crunchy rice strips, and lots of sauces and spices.  It really is totally unique, and a beautiful presentation.  The portion is large too, could only eat half.  I also grabbed a samosa on its own, and it was really good.  It came with chick peas and some sauce.  For my lassi I went with banana and fig.  It was super tasty.  I took my order to go, but there is some seating inside.  I definitely recommend taking the trip to West Philly to give Mood Cafe a try.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/6/2012,318,303,6,10,7>My experiences at Han Dynasty are like the feeling of having the munchies, but you don' t even need to technically HAVE the munchies.  Just can't get enough, and if you're like me, you might even do the whole close-your-eyes-while-you-eat thing. Yeah - that good.I've had the pleasure of dining at their Old City location, but I actually prefer this University City spot.  Came here with a party of three for lunch and it was absolutely hopping.  The ambiance is a smart open space, great for larger parties as well.Shared a few plates: you can't even begin to think about showing up without ordering the Dan Dan noodles for the table.  They are served in what can only be described as spicy peanut heaven.  Nom.We then ordered the Crispy Rice Style shrimp served in a sweet and sour sauce.  Sizzling rice mixed with sauteed vegetables left me foaming at the mouth. (Not literally, but..you get it.)The Garlic Sauce Chicken with peppers and mushrooms was delicious as well, although my least favorite selection.Although I am always one for new experiences, I am going to be circling back around next week for Happy Hour and some more Dan Dan noodles..STOP IT. I'm in LOVE!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/5/2012,42,306,2,4,3>I'm quickly learning that there's a couple of these bars in every neighborhood in Philly, and as usual, the North Star did not disappoint.  The happy hour here is incredible, plus there's other drink specials that change daily.  They have above average wings, which taste even better at $.50 a piece, and the red mussels with harissa were probably the best I've had.  The hummus here was just ok, which is why this doesn't hit five stars.Some might be a little turned off by the divey nature of this place, but as the night wore on, I was surprised by how pleasant the staff and clientele were.  I get cravings for wings and mussels often, so we'll be back.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,12/4/2012,203,269,3,5,2>I loved the Lil Pop Shop! We tried their popsicles at the Night Market in Northern Liberties and just kept coming back multiple times in the same night. Yeah, $3 is a lot for one popsicle, but I felt like splurging and supporting local businesses and all that saintly stuff. My favorite was definitely the Mango Sriracha, which tasted exactly like the name might make you expect it to taste. The little mango chunks were icing on the cake.Actually, all of the names of flavors are pretty indicative of their true tastes. The Vietnamese ice coffee? Tasted like sipping a cup after a eating a steaming hot bowl of pho. The Mayan chocolate and cayenne? Dark chocolate with a hint of spice--luxuriously delicious. Strawberry rhubarb lemonade? Tart and perfect for a sweltering summer night, not to mention it really perks up your tastebuds. It's probably a good thing the Lil Pop Shop isn't closer to my usual haunts; I'd probably go broke over the summer eating their delicious pops.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,12/3/2012,503,395,9,10,8>Come here to cure your hangover! Top 3 reasons why:1. Most of their HUGE breakfast plates are under $10 (in case you spent all your money on  vodka or strippers the day before). 2. The staff is surprisingly friendly (especially for a diner, that never happens).3. They have the best steak and eggs ($10.50). Seriously, juicy thick steak, seasoned home fries, 2 freshly made to order eggs, crispy buttered toast AND endless cups of coffee.It's not a place where you bring your cousins visiting the US for the first time, you come here to get good food for a good price. There is plenty of parking, the longest wait I've endured is 15 mins and it's 10,000X better then the gross Perkins a few blocks away.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/2/2012,113,296,3,7,6>After taking a look at the menu for The Pour House, I knew I was in for a treat.  This place is awesome!  We went on a really busy Friday night, which I've decided must be the norm, and hung out by the bar while we were waiting for our table.  Thee beer selection here is stellar and the specials are pretty awesome....the special that night - $3 Guinness drafts.  Can't beat that, right?  For dinner, we all got some type of burger and I got a side of mac & cheese.  I swear no one said a word from the time the food came out until all of the plates were licked clean - the food is that good.  I wasn't really paying attention to the toppings everyone else ordered, but I can tell you that I did my usual bacon and fried egg.  It was awesome!  The burger was juicy and cooked (rare) to perfection.  The mac & cheese was creamy and delicious.  And praise Jesus - The Pour House carries sriracha!Love this bar.  Love the beer.  Love the food.  Amen.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,6/28/2012,159,219,4,6,4>When I first moved to Philly and started working in Center City, I was looking for a nice spot with exclusive kicks. On a stroll one day, I serendipitously stumbled upon Ubiq and I was glad. The set up of this spot is really nice. You walk in and they have the extra hot kicks encased in glass. Everything else is out on the shelf. More than half of the kicks here aren't sold in your regular chain like Footlocker, Foot Action, etc. Most recently, I was able to purchase a pair of Air Jordan playoffs with very little hassle. The store opens at 11:00am on Saturdays. I stood on line for about 30 minutes before they opened and walked out with no issues.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,6/27/2012,111,155,,8,6>In the past, I've been too late to join the CSA but this year I made sure to sign up in time. I'm enjoying my half share, which seems to be perfect for my needs, as I tend to waste veggies at times. The biweekly newsletter (for the half share) identifying your upcoming share is appreciated, so you can plan ahead. There are also recipes and upcoming events mentioned. I compared the other local CSA's and Greensgrow definitely offers the most for your money. There is also a rumor that some Kenzinger might make its way into one of the shares. How badass is that? As a vegetarian, I appreciate the option of seitan and tofu, which are both the best I've ever had. I make a mean seitan cheesesteak and am able to find all my ingredients and accompaniments at Greensgrow.  Be sure to pick up some extras while you're there, such as ReAnimator Coffee (go for the Guatemala), North Port Fishington Cookies, Beekman's C.O.P.A. Soaps (lemongrass!), and fresh bread. I've always found the area parking to be agreeable and the proximity to Memphis Taproom is definitely a plus. Just a heads up that the Beer Garden doesn't open until noon on Saturdays, so plan your pickup time around the afternoon delight otherwise known as fried pickles, hot dogs, and cans of beer. I have walked through the nursery section but haven't purchased anything yet. They do have a great selection and it's easy to navigate. The only downsides I've experienced are that I was under the impression that there would be more organics available than what I've received so far. Also, while I haven't had to approach any of the staff other than to purchase my extra items, I don't find them to be especially friendly or welcoming.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,6/26/2012,33,51,17,7,6>Me cave man.  Me like steaks.  Me try Pat's and Geno's and me not like Pat's and Geno's steaks.  Me like better tasting steaks.  Me try Tony Luke's and me really like Tony Luke's steaks.  Tony Luke's steaks have excellent bread.  Not glorified hot dog bun like other steak places in Philly town.  Me like how steak is higher quality and more delicious than other steaks in Philly town.  Me like steaks.  Me come back twice in one week for Tony Luke's steaks.  Me worry about heart sometimes.  Me like steaks though.  Tony Luke has best steaks in all of Philly town.  Obvious that Tony Luke takes food more serious than Pat's and Geno steaks.  Me laugh at difference between steaks.  No comparison really.  Me like Tony Lukes.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,6/25/2012,318,303,6,9,10>So, let me start by explaining to you, the reader, the back story:Every summer road trip, as my very good friend BB and I make the Sunday evening trek home from the Jersey shore, we reach a point in the give-or-take 2 hour trip when we will turn to one another and ask the inevitable question: "Tour de Boulevard - yay or nay?"The answer, my friends, is always "yay".Now, let me explain to you the 'Tour de Boulevard".  It means a take-out order of Chickies and Pete's crab fries (Roosevelt Blvd, hence "Boulevard" aren't we so clever?!) , followed by Steve's Steaks, curbside.  Everything else you have heard about legendary cheesesteakes in Philadelphia? Fagettaboutit.  This is the truest essence of the city's finest.I can't precisely put into words what makes the bottom line difference, but these steaks are insatiable. Simply put..simply the best. Once you go Steve's, you never go back.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,6/24/2012,25,104,3,8,5>Exceptional from the first cocktail to the last bite of dessert.  Unassuming from the outside, Vernick is a double decker bar and restaurant, that is flanked by an unimpressive stretch of apartment buildings, some vacant, some dilapidated. The flowers hanging from its open second floor restaurant can be mistaken for second story apartment, and its signage is small and easy to miss.  But take note, this is a serious eating establishment. As you walk into the first floor lounge, one immediately notices the unlabeled glass bottles of homemade elixers that line the bar.  Some are bright red, others are milky white.  Hmmm...what have we here?  Once we ordered our cocktails, our waitress notified us that the owner takes cocktails and mixology very seriously.  They painstakingly juice their cucumbers everyday in order to make cocktails like the Green Goddess (refreshing and gorgeously chartreuse), which might the beautiful potions downstairs.  She added that each cocktail on the menu has undergone serious thought and many trials.  And it shows!  Tequila is combined with hot chilis and lime to create a seriously well-balanced drink.  Absinthe  never tasted so great as in Vernick's hands.  Each drink is so perfectly conceptualized and executed, I think it exceeds those places who specialize in cocktails (cough Franklin Mortgage cough).  Then there's the food, and the free food.  When you go to places that charge $$$$$ for a meal, you expect an amuse bouche.  Not when entree under $25.  Here, they give you TWO amuse bouches compliments of the chef.  We were given a generous shot of velvety carrot soup and then a bite of tuna tartar.  Exciting surprises and serious appetite whetters.  Next we went with the bacon and pea toast.  A smear of what tasted like mushy peas, thinly shaved pieces of bacon and some fresh greens topped a hearty slice of sourdough.  Sweet, smoky, velvety, and clean, I was blown by the ingenuity of this simply appetizer.  For our main course, we decided to go with the dorade to share with a side of greens (which included my favorite green of all time - pea shoots!).  The dorade was deboned through the middle, stuffed with a citrusy fennel salad, and cooked to perfection - juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside.  While the fish was exception, I was blown away by the details.  The fish came with a couple hearts of seared romaine, simple but seasoned.  Yes!  Someone who understand that vegetables need love (seasoning) too!  The entree also had a few shishito peppers sprinkled around the plate with the fish.  I didn't realize you could find shishito peppers served in Philly until that night.  (Bonus, the waitress explained that the chef/owner's love of the peppers came from his stint in Japan).  Lastly, the fish came with wedges of lemon and lime that were cut so that the wedge would be naturally seedless and easy to squeeze.  This cut is more wasteful for the restaurant, so definitely not cost effective.  What service!  This attention to detail would make any attorney cry for joy.Finally, the dessert.  Dessert is many times a toss away at a restaurant, but not here.  I ordered it in part, as a skeptic who was betting to be let down.  We got the frozen croquant.  OMG it is itself worthy of a visit.  I'm not sure what each layer is comprised of, but the combination makes up a giant frozen rectangle of chocolate and hazelnut goodness spread across crunchy wafers: in short a kit kat bar.  Probably the best single piece of dessert I've had in recent memory.  This, following perfect drinks and a perfect meal, was mind-blowing.  Not to be completely out-shined by the food & drink, the service was perfect.  Friendly, knowledgable, attentive, but not at all intrusive.  Special shout out to Alicia and her colleagues who made the meal superb.  I know this review had some painful details that normal folks may not care a lick about, but I wanted to alert the chef that I noticed your attention to details and I am incredibly, incredibly impressed.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,6/23/2012,58,110,5,6,6>I. love. Chicken wings. And these wings are dreamy.Step outside of the traditional Buffalo wing and welcome to the wonderful world of Korean Fried Chicken Wings. Have a fried chicken wing craving at midnight? No problem! This place is somehow open until 2am. This is my go-to place for wings. Second to none. I will drive 25 min. away for them, as it is the only place that can satisfy my sometimes insatiable cravings for great chicken wings. Crispy, crunchy, flavorful skin (lightly battered), moist and tender on the inside. They come with a choice of yummy sauces, but are not drowning in them. The sauces are more-so infused into the batter. Such flavor does come at a price, robbing you of $20 for 20 wings, but it is so SO worth it. Get 10 spicy & 10 seasoned and brace yourself for a flavor tidal wave that will inevitably lead you into a life-long addiction.They also have Patbingsu. It's a Korean Frankenstein-dessert, but don't be scurred. Have an open mind and it will be rather enjoyable. Shaved ice, condensed milk, ice cream, red bean paste, fruit cocktail, tteok (kind of like mochi), and other yummy toppings.Back to reality. Ok, so, the service is actually quite slow, and relatively inattentive. The food takes awhile to come out. You'll have to flag down a wait person several times during your meal for water refills, but I overlook all of this, because the wings are that good. I cannot be deterred.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,6/22/2012,212,160,4,9,8>I generally can't afford this place, but their happy hour sucks me in on a regular basis.Dirt cheap. Seriously, the last time we went our bartender even said he doesn't understand how they afford such low prices. And the portions are honestly huge. I assumed for the price we'd be getting little tasters, but oh my god, we left totally stuffed. Seriously, we had LEFTOVERS. From a HAPPY HOUR MENU.The kimchee fried rice comes in a generously sized bowl and is served with a fried egg on top. It's basically a meal on its own. And it's $4. Same with the crispy brussel sprouts. $2 satays, kobe sliders/dogs, wings/egg rolls. Full sized Bershire pork belly banh mi for $4. Are. You. Joking.The daily cocktail special that we tried was a "kumquat sour." DELICIOUS. And our bartender was sweet enough to give us a heads up when happy hour was almost over so we could get another round for cheap.In my opinion, easily the best happy hour menu in Philadelphia.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,6/21/2012,203,272,20,12,16>Dear Craig LaBan,I just wanted to thank you for reviewing this place in the Inquirer and bringing a tsunami of old yuppies and their fancy BYO wines into this restaurant. In the past few weeks since your review, it has become near impossible to get a seat at one of my favorite spots in Philly. Why, just yesterday we walked into a packed restaurant at around 7:45, and our server friend apologetically discouraged us from waiting, telling us that it would be quite a while. He even discouraged us from getting takeout, saying that would probably be awhile as well, and they were out of a lot of things. Thanks to you, the secret is out. This is all your fault. In the future, please refrain from reading my Yelp reviews and exposing my secret places. They are reserved for my fellow Yelpers only, not your Inquirer readers. Sincerely,Melissa W.P.S. While I am quite upset with you, I'm glad that Sky Cafe is getting the business they deserve. I guess I'll have to start making reservations at my favorite Philly eatery.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,6/20/2012,203,269,2,8,6>I have nothing but good things to say about Sagami. This is the best, most authentic Japanese food I've had outside of Japan, especially at this price point.I have to admit, the exterior had me fooled. It looks likes a 1960s style diner next to a bridge next to a teamster's union; not the  most promising of locations, but once we were inside it felt like we were transported back to an exaggeration of Japan. Low ceilings, everyone's dressed up in kimonos, and the walls and tables and chairs are deep mahogany wood. By the way, the service is amazing, even by Japanese standards. Extremely fast, and not too in-your-face nor difficult to grab someone's attention. I went for the sashimi platter, which had one of the best selections of raw fish I've ever had; very little repetition on the plate, and the freshest sashimi I've ever had (in most places, you can tell that it's frozen). They even had clams! The chefs here really know what they're doing. The temperature and texture of the fishes was perfect. We also had a dish that I rarely see at Japanese restaurants in the States: shougayaki (ginger pork), which was amazing. Flavorful sauce. Even a step above shougayaki you'd get on the streets of Japan (which is a pretty big compliment!). tender, easy to eat. I also appreciated the choice between clear soup and miso soup, which I don't often see. Oh yeah, that ginger dressing on the salad was quality stuff, too.It's very easy to get a reservation, but they may be a little short with you. Understandable, though, they seem pretty busy. That won't stop me from coming back, though. And as a BYO, they are so prepared with corkscrews, bottle openers, and glassware for wine, sake, and beer. Sagami can do no wrong.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,6/19/2012,314,288,2,5,6>Dock Street was our very last stop after about 8 hours of Erin-Expressing. I've never been so far west in West Philly.Once glance at the menu and it was settled. Three of us would share the "Sicilian" pizza, which was in no way like your standard thick, square-cut tray pizza. Super thin and crispy, this giant pie was topped with olives, capers, walnuts, roasted garlic, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, red sauce and basil. HOLY FLAVOR. Same goes for the completely unnecessary cocktail I ordered, which was a mere $5 and made with sriracha sauce and oranges. A bloody Mary of sorts, for the night time hour. While pies run a bit steep ($18.50 for our large), that wood fired taste is absolutely worth it. Dock Street is my #1 reason to return to West Philadelphia.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,4/26/2010,58,65,5,7,6>Who would have thought that a dive bar like bar noir could change into such a beautiful, jaw dropping bar lounge like The Franklin Mortgage and Investment Company? There are just so many positive things to say about this place. The cocktails are perfect, I never thought I would enjoy a bourbon on the rocks, but I did, A LOT. They have an extensive drink list that anyone could find a drink suited for them on (and although expensive, if you can swing it - IT IS BEYOND WORTH IT.)  It is also a perfect place to try new cocktails at, you will not be disappointed and you could, perhaps, find a new favorite. The bartenders are the epitome of mixology masters! They even have a few bar seats, I definitely plan on going back, hoping I get a bar seat and getting a show while enjoying one of their wonderful drinks. I love the fact that the ice in their drinks are one large cube of ice chiseled from a huge block of ice, like they used to do in the times of prohibition. I noticed that it melted a lot slower than smaller pieces of ice, not watering down your drink if you didn't drink it quick enough. The atmosphere is like nothing I've experienced before. You have to be seated, there is no standing around allowed.. Never overcrowded, that's for sure! And like everyone else has said, it is prohibition/speakeasy inspired, you'd never know there was a bar there if you walked by and weren't looking for it.If you are in the mood to splurge ($12+ per drink) on wonderfully crafted cocktails in a quiet gem of a bar/lounge, this is your spot.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,4/25/2010,121,177,6,10,11>How do I even begin this review?I have been anticipating this location for a long time, especially after hearing accolades over the Royersford location. I've wanted to drive all the way out there, but why travel so far when a location opened up in Olde City?My friend and I promptly visited at the end of January. Han was hilarious as he was helpful. For those who don't know already, most of the items have a number next to them that indicate what they are on a spice scale of 1-10 (10 being the spiciest). I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles (6) and my friend ordered Garlic Sauce Style Tofu (4). A-W-E-S-O-M-E!! The great thing about the Sichuan spices is that the heat doesn't annoyingly linger for ages but is able to be warded off. Whew! Trust me, my friend and I were sweating though.Since then, we've visited many times with friends and I've introduced the Dan Dan Noodles to my parents as well. Everyone I've introduced to the restaurant has enjoyed it, hands down. I just visited this past Friday and it's great to see that Han Dynasty is blossoming into a very popular place.The only thing I would change is the Mapo Tofu. Something about it is amiss.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,4/24/2010,144,305,7,8,8>El Camino Real is solid good times.  I'm a sucker for al fresco dining, and that's one of their strongest assets.  Now onto the important stuff: food.  While it's not fancy, the portions are HUGE!  Worth every penny.  I ordered the taco salad with seitan, expecting a medium sized plate.  This one was HUGE, with greens, tortilla chips, black beans, corn, and seitan aplenty.  The dressing was tangy and spicy.  I still managed to polish it off, anyway....Another thing I love here?  The pickle chips, with their spicy chili dipping sauce....yum.  While I've not ordered my own barbecue here, I've tasted the ribs, the texas toast sandwiches, and fries - and damn, are they good.The one weird thing about ECR is that the servers always have a deer-caught-in-headlights look.  I have no idea why, but they always look lost.  Chill out dudes, I won't bite your head off.I'll be the first to admit that I'm no foodie - or rather, I'm a foodie for street food, ethnic cuisine, and cheap eats.  ECR manages to accomplish huge portions of Tex Mex food at a good price.  I dig.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,4/23/2010,828,1172,7,13,10>Another review that I should have updated a billion times over by now! and not just because I scored an amazing hard cover illustrated copy of Don Quixote in it's book swap drawer (which reminds me if anyone knows a good bookbinder let me know!)!I was won over the moment that I tried the Serenitea. And I've continued to be won over with every variety of tea that I've had since. and since it has your standard flavors, a shit ton of specialty blends, and a number of bubble teas that's quite a lot.But Tbar also has plenty of extras. It's book swap has gratuitously hooked me up with some good new reads. I have played plenty of close scrabble matches here. And I've even seen some good plays and open mic nights (hey Darnelle!). So Tbar clearly has a lot going for it!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,4/22/2010,125,201,9,16,11>Like a marathon runner trying yoga for the first time, Thoreau has all the ingredients for success, but a few kinks to work out. I am giving an optimistic 4 stars, and hoping they tune things up a bit.Let's start when you first walk in. The dining room must have been a house once, and it's cozy and welcoming. It's also absolutely packed with tables. We were left standing awkwardly close to other people's dinner as staffers assured us twice that "someone would be right with us", the someone finally came over, then walked back for menus, and then, finally, sat us down. I wish they would take out the table or two closest to the door and put a stand, some menus and a host there. Our table was in the hall on the way to the kitchen, and with tables along both walls, servers were funneled into a narrow space, dodging our waiter when he was around, and passing close by our table approximately every three seconds. This made us pause a lot at first, and accidentally ignore our waiter later. Let me add that this was 8pm on Valentine's Day - if the tables weren't all full then, they're never going to be. I would take out the tables on one wall, and give the staff a little room to do their jobs. The menu is all over the proverbial map: shepherd's pie, Cuban sandwiches, falafel, korma. It was hard to decide where to start, but sliders proved to be a delicious beginning, with creamy avocado and bright pepper on toasty, buttery brioche. The mountain of shoestring fries, a la the Continental, had a slightly mealy texture that I didn't love, but this dish was a success.The Dagwood Cubano sandwiches are hearty, tasty and ridiculous - two (2) focaccia rolls, stuffed with peppers and avocado and awesomeness, embellished with a pretty red pepper and a rosemary stake, plus a truckload of fresh salad. For $14 (if I'm remembering correctly) this is a whopping amount of food. I'm looking forward to eating my leftovers at least twice, and if I worked nearby, I would definitely talk a coworker into splitting this for lunch, like every day.On the other hand, we have the Cubano supper. It's beautiful with its heirloom tomatoes, and the avocado salad was my favorite part of the meal (I admit to being a biased avocado fiend, though). However, the napoleon was quickly reduced to a pile of mushy component parts, and accompanying empanadas were grainy and went uneaten. This dish didn't seem to merit its $20+ price point.The dessert menu is original and varied - no yawn-inducing creme brulee or molten chocolate cake here. After some hemming and hawing over all the delectable options, we split the butterscotch parfait with blondie squares, and I swooned over its rich toffee flavor. Thoreau, I want to love you someday. Pare down the seating, focus the menu a little, keep up the good cooking and call me, baby. I'll be waiting.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,4/19/2010,49,67,4,6,4>So, I went to Desi Chaat again this weekend to be even more pleasantly surprised (hence, why the one star upgrade.) 1. Friendliness - the guy behind the counter was super nice and really helpful in figuring out what I wanted. The co-owner (I'm assuming) was outside on his phone, yet, when I stepped into the restaurant he still greeted me with a smile and a hand.2. Cleanliness - everything looked organized, neat, clean and just presented well3. The food - I am really growing to like chaat. I got the samosa chaat this time. It had crisps at the bottom, chickpeas and potatoes on top of that, some mint leaves, and a few sauces including a yogurt and an onion-type chutney. It was extremely good although at points I had a hard time figuring out what exactly I was eating. I order VERY spicy and it was nice and spicy, but I still think that they could do more. 4. The price is right. It is very inexpensive and one container of the chaat with a mango lassi will cost under $9 and will feed two not very hungry people or one and a half hungry people.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,4/17/2010,2553,1314,15,18,15>Lately, it seems that every time I hit up a big-box store for a CD, the only selections offered are new releases and a few classics.  More often than not, the music I want is something I've either rediscovered or developed a newfound appreciation for.  Tunes is my go-to place in these instances.  While they do sell new releases, they also have loads of older stuff as well.  In addition, should you have any CDs you want to rid yourself of (and you aren't too embarrassed to be seen in public with), they'll gladly take them off your hands and give you cash or a store credit.  This buy-back program comes in handy when the tables are turned and you want some music on the cheap.  My recent rediscovery and subsequent addiction to the Talking Heads led me to at least three stores, and my search for even one CD was fruitless.  Then I remembered Tunes, so I took a drive and was rewarded with a used Sand in the Vaseline for nine bucks.  That's a double disc, kids!  The only reason I deduct a star from this otherwise worthy establishment is because of the occasional scratched CD.  My Pink Floyd Meddle album definitely has one (after Fearless, thankfully), as does my INXS (stop laughing) Kick CD.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,4/16/2010,2946,2194,15,24,21>Just your friendly neighborhood karaoke dealer.Yakitori Boy's private karaoke rooms are among the best in Philadelphia, decked with flatscreens and cushy furniture. A lively upstairs lounge has a fog machine and laser lights which accent their dark woods.Their Tuesday night drink specials are especially popular, but no matter the night, it's always a packed house, with a fun, supportive crowd, festive singers armed with liquid courage. Bartender Jose delivers, pouring us sake bombs and shots - even introducing me to Vincent Van Gogh's Double Espresso caffeine liquor.Go to Yakitori Boy for happy hour, or a bite - try the pork sausage skewers!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,4/15/2010,72,175,9,6,6>*In order to get the FULL effect of this review, you need to hum the tune of "I Want it Now," as performed by Miss Veruca Salt of "Willy Wonka  and the Chocolate Factory."   If you need help, here you go...start at 0:36. youtube.com/watch?v=dU7n.Max Brenner...yummm!This place is tas-ty!Went for my birthday, this past Sat-ur-day, and I can't wait to go back!  ...NOOOW!Friendly wait staff...Matt was the nicest.Offered suggestions, and answered our questions (what rhymes with questions....)Wanna go back... now!Food was pretty good...got the Caesar salad.Left room for dessert... sooo glad I did that...would have been mad if I hadn't....Give me some more...NOW!Got the Ivory Heart...so good, 'twas sinful.Gooey warm chocolate...with a side of ice creamI did not want to share it!During my party, all you heard was laughter.Cho-co-late often does that.Such fab decor, there were colors galoooore...And it smelled like CHOCOLAAAATE! *instrumental*Alll in alll...enjoyed my time there!I sure will go back...as soon as I canAnd I don't care with whom..cause whyyyyy?So, ver-y good...want to go back!Could be a friend, a boo, or you....want to go baaaaaaack!______________________________So this place was delicious - can't you tell? And it's really all about chocolate...to the point that I titled the event "Chocolate Girls do Max Brenner."  Why?  Because we ARE chocolate, and we LOVE chocolate. *shrugs*  And M.B. really reminded me of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory...to the point that I was literally signing Ole Veruca's torch song when I left....I'm talking skipping down the street and everything.  It was Halloween night though, so trust, stranger things were going on around Walnut St.   Oh, and if you're a Philly Elite, and unfamiliar with the song, I'll be happy to perform it for you at the next Elite event I attend.So, just go to Max Brenner.  You'll love it.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,4/13/2010,250,550,19,19,20>Q: You are meeting a group of friends at Dock Street Brewery.  You are presented with the following set of circumstances:1) You do not know the size of your group, so you start at the bar, waiting for people to arrive.  Once the group reaches five (5) people, you move to a table.  Once additional members join the group, you move to an even larger table.  The staff accommodates the changes with good humor.2) Your server is swift with drink orders. He checks back regularly.  He splits off your bill for you since you are paying by credit card.  He is, by any metric, awesome.3) You order both the Trio Fries--fries, sweet potato fries & fried leeks--and the flammenkuche pizza.  The fried leeks are a revelation, tasting like the essence of movie theater popcorn.  The pizza, quite popular with your group, is likewise exceptionally tasty.4) You drink the Dark Mild (an English session style ale), the Bubbly Wit (similar to Nodding head's Monkey Knife Fight in many ways) and the Prince Myshkin Russian Imperial Stout (tastes like plums, cherries, espresso & chocolate).  You are delighted that the stout, with a profile halfway between a great milk stout and a barleywine, derives its name from a literary reference that you get, giving you a smug sense of self-satisfaction at your education.  (Note that all three beers were purchased at happy hour prices, during a happy hour that was extended for the benefit of your group.)5) In addition to those items, you also ask for a pint glass and a 25.9 oz bottle of barleywine for takeout.6) The total for these items is $38.18.  The takeout items account for $19.00 + tax of this total.  The bill lists the cost of the barleywine at $16.50 and notes that it is for takeout; you are uncertain if this means an additional charge has been added on. The pint glass costs $2.50.  Your typical practice is to tip starting at 20% and going up from there for exceptional service, which was indeed delivered on this occasion. However, you are conflicted by what to do in this situation since you infer there is a different type of accounting when some of the total covers takeout items rather than service received at the restaurant.  This is further compounded by the fact that the takeout items are the exact same things the server would have brought to you if you had enjoyed them at the restaurant.  How much do you tip and how did you arrive at your answer?Please use the space provided below.  You may attach an additional sheet if necessary.  A: ______________________________     ______________________________     ______________________________     ______________________________     ______________________________
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,9/28/2012,98,260,5,6,5>Screw going to the Rocky Statue, if you want the true "Philadelphia" experience, go to Federal Donuts on a weekend around 11:30 and happily wait for your number to be called to order fried chicken so good, it would make Ben Franklin blush. I have never been in such a good mood waiting for my food to be prepared. Mind you, helping yourself to a hot donut while you wait for fried heaven helps the situation. But honestly, the wait is quite reasonable, especially for the happiness that your taste buds are about to experience. I ordered two half orders of za'atar and coconut curry and split them with my boyfriend. Although both were fantastic, we both agreed that the coconut curry oh so slightly edged out the za'atar. I've been told though that harissa is the end all and be all of fried chicken. (Unfortunately, they didn't have any that day. Sad face)I've been here before for donuts only and I know people rave about the fancy donuts, but I think the fresh hot donuts are the way to go. I have never had such crave-worthy donuts in my life.As a side note, I walked my bag of fried chicken a good mile and a half before I got to dig in, and it was still one of the most splendid things I've ever eaten. Oh, and the honey donut that comes with it was delicious as well.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,9/27/2012,828,1172,3,11,9>With concerts, theater productions, weekly comedy events, and then some happening under its wing; Underground Arts is quickly becoming an epicenter for all things performing arts in Philly.I first came across Underground Arts in another form when Brat Productions put on an epic theater version of Stephen King's Carrie a couple years back. Since then Brat Productions have moved the bulk of their productions over to RUBA Hall and the venue has modeled itself into a place that gives all kinds of artists a chance to put on their productions free of charge. And since then it has brought in everything from Peek a Boo Revue and Brooklyn Brewery's Philadelphia Sandwich Experiment, to plenty of album release parties and comedy shows every wednesday.When I went there for TJ Kong's Rock N' Roll Murdershow and G Love and Special Sauce's afterparty on All Hollow's Eve I was impressed with the size of the venue, the sound system, and clean bathrooms. Since that time it has completely revamped its speaker system and venue lighting, and when I returned for TJ Kong's Kongo de Mayo party over the weekend I was completely able to get behind the awesomeness that the new additions brought. The venue also has a chill cash bar that donates all its earnings towards furthering their artistic endeavors.The Facebook page (facebook.com/#!/pages/Un) is updated a lot more frequently than the venues website. So be sure to scope it out so you can catch a glimpse of some of the eclectic array of shows that Underground Arts put on in the not too distant future.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/26/2012,1094,689,,7,7>Definition of 5 Stars!We enjoyed a wonderful dinner here last night prior to heading to a show at the Borgata. We didn't have a reservation, but instead showed up right when they opened at 5:00. Smart idea, as people were already hovering around the little bar area near the entrance. Fortunately, we were able to get a table rather quickly before the main rush.We started off sharing a half dozen oysters, specifically the Old Salt (VA) and Cape May Salts (NJ). Both were excellent, but I slightly favored the Cape May. As our waiter listed the specials, we quickly decided on two of his recommendations: the swordfish with shrimp and flounder with crabmeat. I don't even remember what else was on the menu and when I got my meal I didn't even care. The sizable, yet tender, swordfish was topped with two large grilled shrimp, served on top of risotto in a lobster sauce. I can't even describe how delicious everything was; words don't do it justice. Let's just say I was practically giddy and constantly gushing the entire meal. The flounder was also top-notch (we shared both of our meals, doubling our dining enjoyment). Our waiter was very attentive, pleasant and personal the entire time. Definitely one of the benefits of having a seasoned employee versus a teenage/college-age server. The piano player near the bar was also a nice touch.The only minor drawback of Dock's is there is limited seating and most of the tables are crammed closely together. Show up early or make a reservation and prepare to get personal with the people around you, which was fine with us since the retired couple who arrived at the end of our meal were pleasant. This is an Atlantic City "must visit" if you love seafood. Can't wait for next time!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/25/2012,116,232,,9,6>Diamond nails is a hidden gem.  It looks very typical nail salon from the outside.  But, you step in to a lovely experience.  Everything is sterilized (ew, fungus) and the salon is bright and sunny.  My friend and I called ahead for an appointment to get manis.  We arrived early but only had to wait around 5 minutes.  The ladies were very friendly and did the most meticulous paint job  I've ever received.  Cut to almost a week later and they still look killer.  At $10 a manicure I believe I'll be treating indulging myself in this luxury way more often.  The paint job alone should be why you give Diamond Nails a shot.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,9/24/2012,86,47,2,6,5>As a big fan of Jet Wine Bar, I've been eagerly awaiting their new restaurant, Rex 1516. They had a few delays which only added to the anticipation, but, Rex 1516 lives up to expectations.We've been there twice in the short time they've been open. Once for dinner and once for drinks. The night we went to dinner was just a couple nights after they opened and they did not yet have their full bar, so they offered two complimentary glasses of wine. Coming from the same people who run Jet, the wine was quite good, definitely not your First Friday plastic cup Chardonnay kind of free. We were curious about many of their southern influenced offerings, so instead of my partner and I each ordering an entree, we opted to select a few of the appetizers so that we could try more. We started by sharing the fig bruschetta and the arugula and roasted pear salad. They had a special duck soup which we split and ended with the mac 'n' cheese. Everything was absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more.We stopped by for a couple of drinks on a Friday night. It was pleasantly not crowded, although that won't last long as word spreads about how excellent everything is. The bar tends toward variations of classic cocktails. They have a small but nice draft and bottled beer selection and, of course, an excellent selection of wines. I had a perfect Sazerac and an excellent old fashion. The bar is dark and elegant with a very inviting couch along the back wall. The staff have been all very nice and incredibly welcoming. Between Rex 1516 and Jet Wine Bar, I don't know if I'm ever leaving that block of South Street!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/23/2012,136,204,7,8,7>This place is my jam.Two words: Mystery Beer.3 bucks gets you a random beer taken from their fridge, complete with hobo-style brown baggy.Sometimes, you get something unremarkable. At worst, a light beer. Which, if you think about it, is worth about 3 bucks in the average bar.Half the time (in my experience), I get something fun, like a nut brown ale, a 12 percent belgian tripel, a weissebier, or hell, even a lambic.The whole allure of the mystery beer is that you just take a damn risk, and leave it up to the beer gods of Tangier to bless or curse you.The excitement. Also, the $3.They have board games, too.That, and pretty tasty junk food, all on the cheap. Double-fried fries, shrimp po-boy, great potato skins, and other things you can bread and fry (which is pretty much everything).Pro-tip:Apparently, the only times I'm ever here are when it's not crowded, which is in my opinion the best time to go. I've been told that sometimes it gets really packed, which would kill it for me.I guess avoid late Fridays and Saturdays?
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/22/2012,439,341,6,7,8>I am going to admit something quite embarrassing, I spent my Cinco de Mayo at Chili's. Yes, yes I know that you're thinking "but you're so much better than that Bec" and believe me, I know, but I was in this silly excuse of a city called "Harrisburg" and it was either that or Bob Evans; of the two, at least we were being mildly festive. Regardless, here I was at Chili's where in this episode of taco sadness and tequila nonsense made salty by nothing but my tears, I pined for the freshly awarded 3-bell  La Calaca Feliz and the dinner I deserved for this holiday that I don't even celebrate yet feel compelled to partake in if for nothing else but the tacos....and the tequila.Fast forward 24 hours and I am sitting down for a proper mini fiesta para dos. I stop for a minute or five and take a look around, then I hear the music, I can't help but smile. A whole wall of french doors each sporting a different set of doorknobs and backplates leads out to a courtyard with additional seating to the 60 or so available spots in the main dining room. Exposed beams play host to Moravian star pendants while leading the eye to an ornate pressed tin ceiling. Wall mounted stained glass and feather painted sconces along with animal skulls accent what little space has been left untouched by the painted "la calaca feliz" murals, the happy skeletons for which the restaurant is appropriately named. Visually overloaded, my ears took over perking up to hear Vampire Weekend, Miike Snow, and the Fratellis; upbeat music to match the whimsical environment, I smiled...a lot.Our server Lauren was awesome, she was nothing but smiles and made some great suggestions off of the menu. Our first instinct was to order pulpo as an appetizer, but opted instead for the Albondigos on the recommendation that it was a crowd favorite; looking back I'm not sure why we ever teetered between the two, these were meatballs stuffed with gooey oaxaca cheese and an ancho berry glaze. For a brief moment after these skewered wonders were consumed I thought that my dining partner was going to pick up the plate and lick it clean, thank God he didn't.Lauren came back after our appetizer to introduce a special addition to the menu for the evening, she only needed to mention two words before huge smiles creeped up on our faces....SUCKLING PIG. Yeah, we'll take it....and so as not to go too meat-heavy on dinner we also placed an order for fish tacos, this was my post-Cinco de Mayo feast after all and I love tacos more than pretty much anything. A short while later, dinner arrived and here's how it goes...1. The special: suckling PIG in its own little pot set over black beans and BACON topped with CHICHARRON was a serious piggy party; count 'em up, one-two-three servings of swine in one dish. Served with baby tortillas, salsa verde, and esquites on the side this was what we like to refer to as a "laughable dish"...something so good you can't help but laugh.2. Fish tacos: crispy blue tilapia set on two tortillas topped with a cabbage slaw and radishes. Now normally fish tacos have a reputation for being greasy to the point of saturating the tortilla, or that the toppings are too soupy that you turn your tortilla to mush and find yourself having to cut what should be a happy little handheld meal. None of these possible problems arose as the tortillas withstood the weight of the fish, the light vinaigrette on the slaw was just enough to taste without being overwhelming and saucy, the two optional additions of chipotle aioli and avocado/cilantro green goodness were left on the side to avoid any additional moisture from breaking the taco.Dessert was completely unnecessary after the gluttony of dinner, but almost a must since we tried to touch on something from each part of the menu. The tres leche cake topped with thin slices of kiwi and sidelined with chopped mango and whipped cream was a sweet way to close out a fantastic dinner.So here's the thing, I have given my two thumbs up wholeheartedly cheering that this may have been the best meal consumed since my birthday last fall and while this review comes just days after Mr. LaBan sang his praises, my review has something that his does not...a shoutout to the kitchen of La Calaca Feliz. Where he says that he simply did not have enough room to give kudos to Lucio Palazzo of former Xochitl fame, or Jim Kenngott of Lolita, Yelp gives me tons of room to spout what my friend did shortly after we finished our meal that being  "there is some serious magic coming out of that kitchen". If you get nothing else out of this wordy homage to super awesome fare in Fairmount, an oft overlooked neighborhood by myself (guilty) and I'm sure others, get yourself there...now. If you thought it was bad enough finding yourself facing an hour wait as a walk-in, prepare for it to get worse. Word is out that this is THE place to get your Mexican munch on.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,9/21/2012,180,227,4,1,6>Although it has been 90+ degrees all week, as soon as I think of Chapterhouse... i think about how much I love their coffee, their hot chocolate and overall atmosphere.The people working at the counter are always super nice and friendly.They have a HUGE area where you can sit and work, read, etc.  My only issue is that people act like this is the LIBRARY. Since when did coffee houses become silent study time? I am super confused. However, that's not Chapterhouse's fault.  I guess I am hating the player, but I should be hating the game.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/20/2012,204,269,2,6,5>I hope Rittenhouse Tavern is here to stay.  There's been some turnover in that spot - Rittenhouse Tavern has a beautiful outdoor area that is a nice little oasis right between the busy highrises. We were there for their Happy Hour which was great.  Cocktails were really good and the apps on special were pretty tasty.  I had the Tavern Lemonade which was very refreshing for this time of year.We had the deviled eggs with scrapple which were good but I really missed having the hard boiled egg white - this dish was more scrapple with the egg yolk on top.  Still good but just not what I pictured. White bean toast with speck was really good. Next time I'd like to try the crispy frog legs. Staff was very friendly and you could tell very on top of things.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/19/2012,125,201,1,7,8>My office is in a coffee wasteland - I'm not sure how it's possible in a city of Philadelphia's size and coffee caliber, but it's half a mile to the nearest espresso - and one steamy morning on my bike to work, I was thinking about how I'd forgotten to start the cold brew the day before, contemplating the dreary Starbucks-brand coffee options at the office and really feeling pretty sorry for myself  :( That's when I saw it: the coffee truck! I ordered an iced coffee with the sweetened condensed milk. At first, I got a lot of strong roasty flavor, and then as the ice melted and everything got mixed together, it morphed into a sweet, smooth drink with nutty notes and a nice slightly bitter edge. Good morning!I can't wait to buy a bag of their beans and see how this stuff comes out at home, but for now, suffice it to say that my morning is made every time this truck comes around.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,12/21/2008,36,63,12,10,7>Bolt Bus has the single best cost/comfort ratio of any of the regular transportation options between Philly and NYC.  In fact, the only thing I can think of that would beat it would be a free, 1 hour helicopter ride with the cast of Battlestar Galactica and an open bar.  But let's not delve too deeply into my nerd fantasies.The Bus that the GF and I took had no more than 12 people on it, driver included.  And speaking of the driver, raise your hand if you're the nicest person in Philly?  If you're not the driver of my Bolt Bus, you should put your hand down.  I would seriously let this guy stand up in my wedding.As for Bus amenities, let's run down the quick list.- Seats that are comfortable and fully functioning: Check- General odor of anything besides chicken parts and urinal cakes: Check- Power outlet for each seat (!): Check- Wireless internet access (!!!): CheckAs mentioned in multiple prior reviews, the only serious drawback to Bolt Bus service is the lack of early and late evening service.  If this gets sorted out, Bolt Bus would easily be 5 star service.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,12/20/2008,25,13,6,12,8>I want to eat lunch here every day for the rest of my life. Their baba ghanouj is better than mine, and I spend hours roasting my own eggplant! They make their own pitas out of cornmeal, and bake them behind the counter, which makes the whole place smell yeasty and delicious, not to mention warm... A serious plus in winter. And the pitas themselves are to die for- warm out of the oven, light and fluffy, simply delicious!The sandwiches are fantastic- at $7 a pop, they're on par with the rest of the area, and fully customizable- you get your choice of meat, then three veggie toppings to go on it, and it all gets wrapped up in one of the pitas. Mmm... the pitas. The flavors are really good, and strong, which makes for a super tasty sandwich! I recommend the lamb- it's slow cooked, and just falls apart- no gnawing required for this sandwich. They stew together tomatoes and peppers with spices, which can add a nice kick to your sandwich- and they have carrots that they blanched, chopped, and put with herbs and vinegar to make for an amazing extra flavor in each bite. Their baba ghanouj, if I can rhapsodize for a minute, is perfect- it's smoky without being too smoky, garlicky without being overwhelming, and just the right texture- sweetish and perfectly cooked. In case you haven't figured it out, baba ghanouj is one of my favorite dishes- and this was so good I sat in my office and licked the container clean. With no shame. And you can get a container of it with one of their pitas for only $4. Seriously, guys, I'm in love!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,12/19/2008,8,16,6,6,8>I had no idea this place was even in the works, so to find out a new kickass bar had been added within biking distance to my house, I was anxious to check it out.First of all, nice size! It's bigger inside than it looks outside. And the exterior is well worth checking out, especially in the daytime.. Gold trim window ledges, new maroon paint job, and funky logo / signage too.Inside, there's a long bar, lots of tables and various seating options. Different tiered / leveled rooms, funky decor, dim lit a la Johnny Brendas, but definitely with its own distinct style. Good music with a digital jukebox...Varied local brews on tap. No food as of yet, but I'm not sure what the future holds. There's also a large flat-screen TV in one of the bar corners for Phillies action.Their MySpace page currently (as of 9/21/08) has the wrong street address. It's actually on Front Street, not Frankford.The dude bathroom, "Ballz", is brand new and you won't mind spending some time in there!...
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,12/18/2008,114,18,8,10,8>Sunday is Karaoke night at Locust Bar and I love it.yeah yeah yeah.. so i'm Asian and I like Karaoke.  whateverwanna fight about it?Anyways! It's a great crowd and there are a lot of regulars.  The song selection is awesome (from The Beastie Boys to The Temptations) and it's a great mix of people.  Even if you don't like to sing karaoke it's still enjoyable because you'll either be blown away by some of the least suspecting people belting out Aretha or have a laugh over some people who just love singing so much they don't care if they make asses of themselves.  Oh and another good thing is that there really isn't any super sloppy drunken karaoke which is good because that gets old quick.  It can get a little crowded and hard to find a seat but all-in-all it's just really chill and a great smoking bar.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,12/16/2008,23,25,7,7,7>WARNING: BAR FERDINAND'S DELICIOUS TAPAS MAY INDUCE FOOD COMABut... it's worth it. I dream about Bar Ferdinand when I'm not there. I ache for it. It is too too good... I don't want to hear anything from you about Amada if you haven't been to Bar Ferdinand yet. Head on up to No Lib as soon as humanly possible and chow down on some delicious tapas.My favorites are the mushroom croquettes, the date empanadas, and the duck. Order about 3 or 4 plates per person (but make sure to share them all) and if you want more of anything, it's at your table within minutes. Be careful though, these tapas make you feel like you're eating light and it's easy to overeat. Once the food coma hits you, it's hard to escape. We tried joining in the 700 Club dance party after tapas and sangria at Bar Ferdinand-- we lasted about 10 minutes before we were in a cab, ready to pass right out.So go with an empty stomach and get ready to go to sleep happy when you leave. You'll be having Bar Ferdinand dreams all night long...
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,12/13/2008,28,113,10,10,8>Seriously, y'all, the staff is hot.  All of them.  Even the doctor.  AND they seem to know things about eyes and stuff.Anyway, I went in for an eye exam and contact lens fitting and everyone was great (and gorgeous).  The eye exam went smoothly and both the person who walked me through the first few tests (peripheral vision and some other randoms) and the doctor (Dr. Brian) were super nice and informative (and cute).  Dr. Brian walked me through my prescription and all and then commented that my current scrip on my glasses could probably be tweaked, but that if I wasn't having any problems with it, he saw no reason to mess with it.  "You would adjust to it but only after two weeks of headaches and hating me, and who needs that?"  Pretty much.Meanwhile I waited for my pupils to dilate and Dr. Brian suggested that I kill time by looking at frames, all the while knowing that I had no intention of buying new ones.  He and some of the other (adorable) staffers brought out like twenty pairs both at their own suggestion and at my request and I basically got to play glasses dress up for like twenty minutes.  Fun!  And when a pair of frames that looked awesome in the case looked terrible on me both he and the (incredibly pretty) woman who was lending a hand assured me that they had never seen anyone look good in those frames.  True?  Who knows.  Making me feel pretty good about it?  Totally.Anyway, I'm probably going to order lenses with them, especially after going back for my complimentary contacts follow-up during which time (unusually nice-looking) doctor gave me another sample to take home just in case.  "If you ever rip a lens or whatever and need an extra, definitely just come in and we'll set you up."  I also wanted them to tighten one of the hinges on my glasses -- not a pair I bought with them -- and not only did they tighten all of the screws, they also cleaned them and gave me a little scratch-free case to carry them home (as I was wearing new sample contacts).  I love my current frames but the second I feel a hankering for a new pair, I know where I'm going.An edit: I ordered contacts yesterday (same price as online, I checked even though they assured me this was so... because I'm paranoid like that) and got home to my messages today that they had arrived.  Now that's speedy.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2008,12/11/2008,28,14,6,4,3>The mock-ribs on a kaiser made me see god (I don't know which one, but I definitely witnessed a higher power). This thing was exquisite, with a barbecue sauce that left me begging for more. Seriously, begging. My girlfriend lost some respect for whilst I consumed this meatless wonder. The mozzarella pizza fries were also fairly divine. This place has a massive menu of vegan desserts and meatless meat classics like the outsider-labeled "steak and cheese" (this is Philly for balls sake - it's a friggin' cheese steak!) and I plan on experience some more of their offerings soon.Finishing the rib sammy right after work.Not that I yelp from work. Because I don't.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,12/10/2008,28,181,2,9,13>I have to pull the curve up on this one!  I would rather sit at Washington Square Park than Rittenhouse ANY day.  This is because I prefer to minimize the number of crazy people around me.  You see, Washington is substantially less crowded and thus has substantially fewer weirdos who can be more easily avoided.  You know who I'm talking about, so let's hear it for personal space!It seems like any time the temperature passes 50, there's not a free bench to be had at Rittenhouse.  When I hang out in a park, I don't want to hear people's conversations or be run over by dogs and frisbee players.  Plenty of folks populate Washington when it's nice out, but they aren't all on top of each other.Washington has beautiful grounds and that other garden to the northeast, less car and foot traffic, and more quiet.  No, you will not feel comfortable here at midnight, but I wouldn't hang out at Rittenhouse at midnight either.  From picnics to reading books, Washington gets my vote!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,12/9/2008,7,15,10,7,6>Oh man, the Supreme.  Let me start off by saying there is no contest really between this grocery store and any other in the area as that Fresh Grocer is just ridiculous in its set up and way too small for servicing the University, not to mention all of us living off of its multiplier effects.  All other groceries are internationally oriented and really great, but when it comes to one stop shopping for all your usual needs, Supreme sort of has a monopoly on normal shopping.  But to call it "normal" is an understatement.  Specifically the meat section which resembles the Mudder museum.  I don't want to be offensive to anyone's eating habits but this is the first place where I saw the intricacies of cow tongue up close--where I could feel it's texture through a thin layer of plastic wrap.  Dems HUGE. After picking out everything you need (I love that they have Mineral Agua there!) you are so psyched you got all of your needs in a one stop shop scenario and you head to the check out--here's where the games really begin.  Typically all of the check out belts are out of order.  Not only does this make the wait particularly long, but then you start talking to your friend while you wait for the guy in front of you to shuttle all of his foodstuffs down the belt until you here someone shouting at you.  Oh, yes, it is your turn now. you ridiculous talker.  How could you forget to start moving your groceries down the belt?  Anyway, the checker will always get over your grocery moving ineptitude and chat you up and before you know it, you have everything you need, and another experience at Supreme is over.  Just stay positive because really, where else are you going to go?
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,12/8/2008,69,114,6,8,11>*DISCLAIMER* - This review may be inaccurate, as reviewer may have imbibed more than the recommended dosage of microbrew prior to arrival at Silk City.So, since Hubby and I are for the most part sequestered in the burbs with the West Chester Old Farts, we are by no means experts when it comes to the Philly club scene.  When we muster up the energy to head into town, it's usually because we have dinner reservations at some restaurant, and by the time dinner is done (ok, dinner, cocktails, and entire bottle of wine) we head back home.  This would mainly be because I'm lame.  Years of suburban monotony have shriveled the fun center of my brain.  Plus, the fear of getting a DUI on the long-ass drive back to nowhere is always lurking in the background.But once in a while, I harken back to my 20s and get a wild hair to shake it on the dance floor.  (That was me, executing the classic 80's Wham! maneuvers)  This time, I was blindly following Carrie E. to wherever she wanted to continue our par-tay.Silk City is a Philly institution, you say?  I can see why.  No cover, small space, great eclectic crowd.  (oh, so THAT's an EMO kid!) $2 PBRs (nothing but trouble.)  On Thursday night it was crowded but not packed - perfect.  We didn't stay long, but I loved the vibe, the music, the friendly bartenders.  We will definitely go back.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,10/23/2008,31,41,24,6,11>A few things about Fiume...1) I never thought I would like bluegrass before I went there and found myself loving it and dancing like a fool along with all the unbathed hipsters (very distinct aroma at this place) and dreadlocked summer students2) It is smaller than my bedroom. 3) The last time I was there, a roach fell from the ceiling onto my friends head. When I screamed, a hipster rolled his eyes and said "if you can't handle roaches, you shouldn't live in the city." He then told me an unsolicited story about the roach he had in his bathroom that ate only cough drops. 4)  A roach. Fell. On. My friend's. Head.5) The beer isn't as cheap as it should be, considering the location, but the selection is good.6) Go on a Thursday night. When your friends ask you the next day why you're so blindingly hungover you can say "oh you know, i was just hanging out at a bluegrass bar in west philly. There's no sign or anything, you just have to kinda know about it. But where'd you go? Irish pub?"
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,10/21/2008,44,81,6,5,7>Booths, crummy cheeseburgers, indoor smoking, any kind of person under the rainbow, shamelessness, and a pretty amazing jukebox are a few of my favorite things at Oscar's Tavern.  I love it.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,10/19/2008,111,149,5,6,5>If you're a product junkie (which I am), this Midtown Village bath boutique is a must-do. Exotic flavors abound, but unscented options are available as well. They even have workshops where you can make your own soaps and other products. The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the atmosphere is not so overpowering that you need to flee after mere minutes or risk a headache. I love to smell like food and my girlfriend likes to smell like a dude (a fresh, clean one of course, not a gross, dirty one), but we were able to find compromises in here to stock our shower.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/18/2008,0,13,3,3,3>I love this freaking place. Where else can you find a floral print jumpsuit? Seriously I went there this one time and found three jumpsuits. I didn't buy any of them but still you can find some crazy stuff. Oh and the 45 cent t shirts are to die for. Along with the huge selection. You can spend hours just digging around.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,10/16/2008,86,77,2,9,6>Yum. Seriously delicious and different from any other Greek food in the city (probably because it isnt technically Greek, it's Cypriot). Anyway, I was a little disapointed that there were no chicken dishes since I wont eat meat or lamb (sounded delicious yes, but I am sticking to my word). Luckilly, the fish was spectacular, served with chick pea salad and a yummy sweet sauce. The dips were wonderful, the homemade ice cream was delish, and the ambiance was really nice. Service was very attentive but a bit fussy (when asked if I could swap ice cream flavors I got a terse "no" which I thought was a joke then quickly realized was quite serious). But overall, I could tell the place paid serious attention to detail and the chef cared about his craft. I will be back for sure.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,10/15/2008,239,81,9,9,9>National Mechanics is by far my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I live in the Art Museum area and I would prefer to trek all the way to Old City than hang out in my own neck of the woods. Paul, Lauren, Drew and the gang ROCK, HARDCORE. Ignore that one review about Drew. I appreciate the fact that "NAT MECS" does not feel the need to have PBR to generate a crowd. Come to Mechanics if you are a beer person. Mechanics celebrates the local brews with Yards and PBC on tap. It's also a place that barely advertises and is always full at night. You can plan your whole week here! Well, I do.Monday, when open, lunch with my old city buddies. Tuesday, if you feel up to it, karaoke night! Wednesday, hang out with John and get a team together for PUB QUIZ. Thursday, just hang the !@#$ out! Friday, sometimes SIDESHOW, most of the time, a great place to meet and hang! It's a favorite for all of the historical organizations like the National Park Service and Once Upon A Nation staff. Saturday, another hangout night if you get there a little early. The place fills up fast! Sunday, start your day with an amazing brunch menu. I am a hung fan of the french toast! Go somewhere else for the rest of the day, then come back around 9 and play Wii on the big screen! if National Mechanics opened a WAWA and a little Coffee Bar, I would not need to go anywhere else! Oh, and a little bookstore with a small selection of high-end adult magazines...hehe. In 2008, Once Upon A Nation made National Mechanics the first stop on the Tippler's Tour which runs every Thursday from April through October! Oh! I forgot to mention, the place has WI-FI!!! And it's Free!!! All you haters need to stop hatin on Nat Mecs! Some girl got her feelings hurt because Drew didn't think she was sexier than his hot, hot, hot girlfriend, so service was bad...haha! Makes "Mecs, YOURS!"
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,10/14/2008,128,137,7,9,8>It's time for me to jump on the "Yay Beehive!" Bandwagon.I needed a change, but I didn't know what.  So I decided to try a new hair salon.  This was a bold move for me, since I am very afraid of hair stylists.  It's the awkward conversations and the fear that you'll end up looking like a poodle (and not wanting to).   But I opted for change, and it changed my life.  At Beehive, everyone is so nice and friendly.  For instance, more than one person offered me something to drink. They are moving, but this location seemed cute enough.   They had big, round mirrors in front of the chairs, and tons of bees, everywhere.   It all added to the air that it was something more than a salon.  It was somewhere you could be comfortable and comfortable with the person you are. Everybody was nice, sure.  The place is cute, ok.  The reason this place truly deserves five stars is Lena and the cut that she gave me.   Even though I went in there not knowing what I wanted, she did such an amazing job making sure that I had the cut I wanted. At every step, she asked my opinion, and smiled when she gave hers. When I gave her free reign, she go so excited, but then backed off saying, "If you leave it up to me, I'm going to cut shapes into it.  But I don't want to scare you away the first time. We'll leave that for the next visit."Next time, Lena, you're cutting some shapes into my hair!Edit- I'm adding this because I don't think I made it clear enough.   This might just be the best haircut I've ever had.  Ever.  It turned my very fine, very flat hair into this thick looking, very stylish cut. It's never out of place, and it sleeps well. I couldn't ask for more.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,10/11/2008,105,104,11,11,14>somewhere on the rough seas of south street, shipwrecked like the rest of us, in an underwater den in an underwater town, you'll find an odd assortment of castaways that make up mama's tats. (mama's tats may be sold to you as a dive, a pool hall, or a lounge for arts and crafts, but we know better.) a very pale stranger will approach you to talk about vampires (which is really fucking freaky....and yet good conversation); there's a whorehouse madam at the pooltable and a septuagenarian in his cups; a few lost souls watching clusters of clocks popping up, breathing in bubbles; mama's got a lotta tats. so drink up, forget home if you can, and never, ever, trust a sailor on dry land.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,10/10/2008,1014,321,12,12,12>Boar burger with blue cheeseWheat beer with apricotGimme another pleaseThrow in a Tully shotThis is a real barMifflin isn't so farI'd love a refillbut service is not illPlease get a clue staffyou're kicking your own ass.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2008,10/9/2008,129,194,1,10,10>Bolt - you are awesome. You leave from a convenient location, are sparkling clean, have a working bathroom and padded, un-broken seats, and are cheap. The driver I had was incredibly friendly and helpful, and I didn't have to fight, pushing and shoving, to get my seat on the bus. All I need now is for you to leave from NYC later than 5pm. Give me a slightly earlier service, a 7pm and a 9pm, and I'm yours forever.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/26/2013,95,205,2,7,5>Something amazing happened when I was at Teresa's.  I only like one type of beer in the whole world, or at least I thought I did until I went here.  I love Berliner weisse with raspberry syrup.  The bartender here recommended a beer based on my love for Berliner weisse, and lo and behold I loved it!  I have sampled many other beers and hated them, so this was amazing to me.  The bartenders here know their beers, and the beer list here is very extensive.  The beer I fell in love with is called Petrus Pale Ale, and is very sour like Berliner weisse.  If you like very sour, tart, lemony beer, then you will love it.  If not, fear not!  The bartenders here can make great recommendations based on your taste preferences.  So I had this amazing beer, and I was pretty happy.  Then my evening got even better when I was brought a large plate of mussels that I had ordered along with a huge basket of Belgian fries.  The mussels were tender, flavorful and well cleaned (no sandy grit). The sauce (Ostend) was composed of cream, fennel, parsley and herbs and was so rich and flavorful. I ate most of the broth after I finished the mussels.  I always have a dilemma when I'm out somewhere that has mussels deciding if should I get mussels or a sandwich with fries.  At Teresa's I don't have to have this battle in my head because the mussels come with fries!  Dessert was just as good as the main course.  The Crème brûlée had real flecks of vanilla bean it, was creamy, and had a perfectly crispy sugary top.  It was garnished with sprig of mint and a strawberry.The service was excellent both times.  This place stays packed, at least on the weekends, so you probably will have to wait for a table.  The wait is well worth it though, and you can always grab a delicious beverage from the bar while you wait.  If mussels aren't your thing, there are plenty of other things on the menu such as burgers made of different types of meat such as antelope or deer.  My husband hates mussels, but will gladly go back with me because of the burgers.  He really likes the ostrich.  I loved my first meal at Teresa's so much that I went back the next weekend.  I usually don't go to the same place two weeks in a row because I like to mix things up.  However, I couldn't stop thinking about the beer and mussels I had there for a whole week, so I had to come back!  It was just as wonderful the second time.  I'm so happy to have found this place!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/25/2013,57,202,3,6,5>I would have never thought I would be writing a review for a buffet.  It's not that I'm too good for buffets, because I love them when I'm starving, but there's usually never a doubt what the quality would be.  Minado is a little different. Our party of five came here on a Sunday evening, and although it wasn't jam packed, it was still fairly full - and mostly filled with Asians.  The establishment itself is quite large, so although it wasn't completely full, there was a lot of people here.  So far so good.  Minado has pretty much everything you'll need - over 40 (yes 40!) different types of sushi and sashimi to devour, hibachi grill for those looking for cooked meat, a variety of Cantonese dishes, and two or three dim sum plates.  The sushi looked - and tasted - fresh, the avocado was still green!  For a buffet, the quality of the sushi and sashimi surpassed my expectations and is on par with some of the non-buffet establishments in Philly.  You won't be disappointed.  The dim sum was so-so, I guess that's why there was only two or three dim sum dishes.  Not Minado's strong suit.  The Canto dishes were better, with a variety of seafood, meats, and tofu options from which to fill up your growling stomach.  There was also crab legs for those looking to crunch out some frustration.The desserts were also better than I expected.  There was the traditional fruit options, and also a selection of other small bites - amuse bouche for the more refined :) just kidding.  The oreo cheesecake and the green tea cheesecake were delicious, and the green tea custard (full fat, as someone kept reminding us) was a great way to wrap up a very, very filling meal - all for roughly $30 bucks a pop.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/24/2013,114,105,4,6,5>What happens when you combine great ingredients, gourmet cooking, convenience*, and super service? You get Quick Fixx, and I ALWAYS need my fixx. They had me at hello and this love affair may never end.Things to get: THE CHICKEN CUTLET. Some of the best I've ever had, and coming from a family where schnitzel is a staple, that says a lot (Google that if you don't know, if you do know, then you also know that if my grandmother saw this, she'd be pissed). What do you get the chicken cutlet with? The Greek Orzo Salad. You also add it to any custom pasta you create.Custom pasta. Yes. That's right! You can make your own dish, whether it's pasta or salad. AMAZING. I go for that pretty often, and find myself stuck on a combo of penne/rigatoni, chicken cutlet, creamy tomato sauce, broccoli, onions, mushrooms. SO SO GOOD. Big tip: you may want to split a pasta dish with the roomie, friend, or spouse... add a salad and you have the perfect meal. Don't heed my warning and you may feel a little stuffed.Either way, I've got my fixx - go get yours!*Convenience (as defined by Merriam-Webster's Dictionary): the ability to order delicious food via phone for pickup, in store, or online through the food service of your choosing (grubub, foodler, and many others).
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,4/23/2013,585,298,10,4,5>This review is about a sandwich only. I was having a burger at Bobby's burger palace when I overheard four fraternity type guys ranting and raving about a burger at Wise Guys pizza or on 40th and Market Street. The Burger was called "Rick's Big Mama " which consisted of two 8oz beef patties (one pound), Bacon, onion rings, BBQ sauce,  Wiz & American cheese on a big azz bun. So the next time I felt like I wanted a burger I went there. I decided to eat it there because I was afraid to imagine what it would look like when I got it home. I sat at a window seat and I finally got a good look at the sandwich. It was humongous! The customers started staring at my burger As well as people walking by on the street. They all stood there watching and waiting for me to take a bite out of this tower of gluttony. I had to invent a strategy on how to attack this massive foe. All of a sudden my big guy logic was is full effect, I decided on the smash and gash method. With my left hand I smashed the top of the burger down as far as I could without losing all the sauces and juices in the sandwich. With both hands I quickly  grab the sandwich and took a huge bear like bite out of it. All I can tell you is that my jaws ain't what they used to be. I ended up with just a taste of 1 of the burger patties, some bacon and a bit of the onion rings. The people who gathered looking through the window sadly shook their heads the walk away, and in one sissy-fied bite I went from Adam Rich to Adam bitch. Sometimes that's how it goes, if I had delivered a knockout bite to the sandwich, the crowd would be still cheering me on, but instead I quietly and meekly sat there and ate as much as I could of this mammoth sandwich.Oh, Did I mention that the sandwich was quite tasty?
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/22/2013,238,323,3,8,6>I really really like Fire & Ice. I head here for lunch. They have an amazing deal for soup + pad thai, and let me tell 'ya ... it's kind of amazing. I go with a friend of mine from another office and it's a very nice lunch hour. For vegan options, they have vegan soup options, and they can make a vegan version of the Pad Thai (a few extra minutes), but it's so worth it. My companion always gets the pork dumpling soup, and basically always flips over it.I've only picked up a happy hour drink here once before an event, and it was a delish mango martini. Froo froo martinis are my jam! And it was like, what, $6? Shut the front door!I really hope other people in the area pick up on Fire & Ice -- it feels like I should see more people hounding it for lunch, and a nice upscale (while inexpensive) happy hour.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/21/2013,125,201,11,8,8>Made a lunch date. Mostly in it for the salted caramel budino. Woke up that morning. First thing I thought of was salted caramel budino.Felt a sense of pleasant anticipation throughout the morning, eager to meet my beloved salted caramel budino again.A vegetable plate thing was an excellent first step towards salted caramel budino. It had broccoli rabe and brussels sprouts and it was wintry but light, quite nice.Then I had a mushroom pasta. I don't know what's with me lately - I'm not into mushrooms, but I keep ordering them. Maybe I should bring this up with my therapist. Anyway, the sauce and the fresh pasta and the crema stuff on it were fantastic. I love the pizzas - chewy, flavorful - too. I think I would enjoy them even more if I didn't get budino brain every time anyone so much as mentions this place - I just have a hard time focusing on non-budino anything when the budino's around.At some point, I wondered aloud whether I'd been overhyping this dessert. My friend said she'd let me know.Finally, the moment came. In a more literal sense, the budino arrived. IT IS SOOOOOOO GOOD. My friend took three bites, sighed, and said it was the best dessert - no, the best food - ever. I agree with her completely. Barbuzzo has a lot of things going for it, but especially THE MAGICAL BUDINO.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/20/2013,293,115,15,21,10>The Vietnamese food here will change your life. Seriously. You'll sell all of your possessions, shave your head, and chant at random times during the day. The stuff is heaven. That being said, the dish to get at Nam Phuong is the Ba Vi Platter ($24).A large round plate assembled with crisp lettuce leaves, sprigs of mint and basil, along with cool English cucumber slices and thinly sliced, slightly pickled carrots and daikon radish. A bed of vermicelli sat on the other side topped with shrimp mousse grilled on sugarcane(1), house-made pork sausage(2) and a bundle of ground beef wrapped in grape leaves, then grilled(3). Absolutely delish.The pho, bun bo hue, goi cuon, and banh xeo are also all equally high-end compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the city.If you have to ask about the service, you've obviously not been to a lot of authentic Vietnamese places. They shout "What you want" and if you don't have an answer within three seconds, they'll probably give you the death stare and walk away, returning fifteen minutes later, begrudgingly, to let you continue your order. Highly recommended authentic Vietnamese food.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/19/2013,102,182,2,11,6>Wow, holy flywheel. I am welcoming you to Philly with open arms (regardless of whether or not I can actually feel my arms after this class). Anyway, I tried my first Flywheel last night and after 2 minutes in, I knew I would be back. First off, upon walking in, I was welcomed and assisted immediately with checking in and getting situated. The studio provides shoes in your size (must fill this out online), towels, lockers, water, and a bike seat cover for a ride that doesn't kill your booty with no additional charge. I was pretty thrilled with all the perks because carrying a ton of stuff around town can be a total drag. Once I was ready, I headed into the studio which was set for stadium cycling and my excitement grew. Someone helped me find my bike and I was thrilled with what I found. The bikes were really nice. Everything was digital which I really loved in stead of "turn the nop a quarter turn" This way, I knew I would get pushed.   At 6pm on the dot...we started to "Fly". From the beginning, I knew this class was going to be fun AND kick my butt. My instructor was Natasha and she was everything I want in an instructor and more. She was energetic, encouraging and just fun. She absolutely pushed me to my limit. After my class, I felt amazing and like I just worked my butt off. I can't wait to get back. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey but I am happy to welcome a few Flywheel classes into my work out regime and plan to buy a package.Welcome to Philly, Flywheel!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/18/2013,90,533,6,14,6>Came here last night with a couple buddies and it was worth the hellish crowd and long wait for a table.  They let me use my best judgement and I ordered a BBQ pork and roast duck rice platter, fried pea shoots, Shanghai xiaolongbao, and the braised beef and wonton noodle soup.Naturally we chowed down like fattehs on the food -- I wasn't a huge fan of the roast duck as I felt it was too much bone and not enough meat, but the BBQ pork was amazing.  The rice underneath soaked up all the juices from the meat and oh man, was it heaven to eat.  Fried pea shoots were perfectly tender with large cloves of garlic.  Braised beef noodles were a huge win, super flavourful and savoury, probably the best I've had in the city.  Biggest disappointment were the xiaolongbao, as they were too doughy and bone dry on the inside.For $40 we left waddling like plump ducks and will be hella grateful to go back for more.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/17/2013,59,43,12,10,11>Art in the Age is an emporium for well-to-do members of the urban gentry. Then again, this is true of most of north Third street. What sets Art in the Age apart from the rest is it's aesthetic. It's one part Victorian hunting cabin in Maine, one part Saloon and One part art gallery with a dash old sweatshop thrown in. I sometimes go there for an escape from ugliness. They sell everything from chocolate to  cardigans, but the emphasis tends to on small batch, artisanal products. A lot of the products are made in America and many are hand crafted. I appreciate curating such a collection of things, it stands in direct opposition to WALMART consumerism. But I'll be damned if this place isn't expensive. Anyway, I am not well-to-do , fashionable, or even a professional, so there's little in Art and the Age that is meant for me. I refuse ( read: can't ) pay $170 for jeans and have little interest  in obscure aesthetic philosophy. But if you are a t-shirt lover (like myself) then you probably love one aspect of the placeThe t-shirt sections seems to exist in a well-lit and affordable plane that no other part of the store seems to exist. Usually selling at $10 to $20, durable, and eye catching , you'll be satisfied with the selection available.Otherwise, Art in the Age is a fantastic place to window shop. The sales clerks are nice, aloof, and pretty. The space is huge and they even have a sales wrack, but the reductions are miniscule. In short, being poor is ugly and sad.I guess I'll just stick to T-shirts.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/27/2013,509,364,5,14,11>If you have been shopping at Super Fresh all these years and never payed this hole in a wall inside the grocery store store any attention, then, more hummus for me! I've only lived in this area for a little over 2 months, but I've already had about half the menu. ALL FABULOUS. Inside, there are about 4 small tables and BYOB is in da house. But, I've always done takeout - which they kick ass at preparing.Marhaba excels at all dishes made - the hummus is tahini rich and smooth as hell. The falafel is sesame and spice heavy. If you get the ouzi, you will be delighted! Pure phyllo and rice comfort. If you like dark leafy green vegetarian delights as much as I do, then a must is the spinach and cheese calzone - made with Egyptian flare - chickpeas, almonds and garlic all in the dance. Marhaba, you shine bright like a diamond.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/26/2013,28,20,7,11,9>A friendly, yummy local market with an amaizing selection for its petite size.  Highly recommend the gourmet, made to order grilled panini sandwiches -  order, fresh bread topped with cheese, meats and or vegetables of choice with a yummy sauce topping, or satisfy that craving with their extensive selection of prepped foods, including cookies and chocolate dipped pretzels. Great customer service here and extensive selections make it an all around pleasant spot to pick up a quick bite, cup of joe, or satisfying culinary treasure.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/25/2013,299,267,4,10,5>I'm in love with Tietra. I am. I was disappointed to see only 3.5 stars so far for these guys, since I had such an awesome experience with them! Here's the story:I saw Tietra open just a few months back across the street from my office, and had been meaning to check it out for a while. My coworkers had been there for happy hour and said they had great wine so I stopped by while scouting for my office holiday party. I ended up taking the menu and finding the staff and setup of the place so welcoming and nice that I sold it to the other party planners, and we were set for a party at Tietra!We worked with one of the owners, John, and since then I have met the other two owners as well. All of them are warm, kind and accommodating. In fact, they go above and beyond to see that your needs are met. In the planning process, John was such a big help to us, making sure all of the details were taken care of and we were happy with everything. Up until the start of the party, he was there for us 100%. And of course, at the party, ensuring it all went smoothly.From the sliders to the salmon, I was impressed by every dish Tietra served up. I especially loved their homemade hummus and fresh, flavorful pasta dishes. And their wine selection is phenomenal. I'd love to go there to try a nice bottle sometime. I have been back once already and it's only been a week and a half, and I plan to go back much more often. Please, give Tietra a chance and enjoy the relaxing atmosphere, a glass of wine or a cocktail and some wonderful food...perhaps a cheese plate? YUM. You won't be sorry!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/24/2013,245,116,7,13,8>I believe staying here for three hours+ is proof that I felt this place is awesome. I ordered the Mediterranean nanzza which was simply delicious. All the ingredients were tasty and full of flavor:Marinated grilled chicken, mozzarella cheese, red onions, fresh tomatoes, kalamata olive, feta cheese served with Tzatziki sauceMy latte was beautiful and delivered in a nice glass mug. It was blended to perfection and I only added a pinch of sugar for added sweetness. The resturant itself is so pretty. I found a nice tall table near the window and dined in the setting sun listening to French jazz (other nice soft music too) while reading my book. I was so comfortable here that I stayed for probably three hours and the waiter politely came over, cleared my table and gave me a large glass of refreshing ice water (maybe I'm dehydrated but I swear that water was so crisp and perfect.lol). I also felt the staff members were very pleasant and kind. I chatted with them a bit and I could've easily stayed until closing time. If I worked near this resturant I would definitely go here for lunch. This place is also awesome for reading and studying. I read a few chapters of my novel while here, and I will probably make this a meeting place for my team projects for school. I didn't find anything negative about this place. The prices and portion sizes are great. This would be a nice date spot too, gotta love the mood lighting. The food is delicious but I'd even opt to go here for a nice hot beverage over some of the geneic coffe shops.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/23/2013,996,928,10,13,7>Can brunch be sexy?No, it cannot. It is the bleary-eyed, loathsome meal who serves only to remind you that you made too many mistakes and now you have to drown yourself in some atrociously large portion of eggs with some fancy ingredients thrown on top after waiting in line for too long.Well, at least that's how I thought things were.Cafe La Maude challenges my perception of morning meals in a way that North American-style restaurants never do. It serves lighter, disciplined fare that encompasses a mix of European styles. The fresh squeezed orange juice here is fantastic. The macarons are great. The croissants are great. The ambiance is great and actually seems romantic in the daylight. The foul madamas, a popular dish with fava beans, scrambled eggs, tomatoes, and a buncha other goodness, meets expectations. It is good but you are an idiot if you think you can finish it alone. It is a good dish to split.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/22/2013,198,334,4,10,6>Ok so someone here has a crazy good palate. Because the every flavor box I got as a gift is mind blowing. The ganache is so smooth but what is amazing is the flavors. All very fresh but all so insanely balanced and subtle but not overpowered by or overpowering the chocolate. I have decided that his place has to be like a real world Willy Wonka. There is some mad genius with crazy skills creating flavors that are like fireworks on your tongue, but they have no physical shop you can go to so they must be hiding oompa loompa slave labor hand decorating the chocolates. This can be the only explanation for how and why their chocolate candies are so good. I mean sure the sourcing fresh ingredients probably helps but there is a mad top hat wearing perfectionist in there somewhere.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,3/21/2013,195,334,2,4,3>Everything in my prior review holds true. I just want to add that they are great for catering. In January 2013 my wife and I wanted to have a few friends over. About ten people total. We ordered a bunch of their salads as wraps cut in half as the owner suggested they would keep better that way.Between the party and the leftovers I enjoyed the Tofu Bahn Mi (Cilantro fans rejoice!), the BBQ seitan and the sea salad which is like the chickpea "tuna" salad at Blackbird. All of them were wonderful.We also ordered cupcakes. Chocolate-chocolate (my personal favorite), chocolate peanut butter, coconut and carrot cake. Again, all winners. Our non-vegan guests really liked them and remarked that they did not believe they were vegan.I would enthusiastically them for catering and for anytime you are in the area for a delicious meal.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/20/2013,89,250,3,9,5>Aaron Williams is so amazing at what he does that it makes me wish I had never given out a five-star review before, so that people who read this could truly get the full impact of what an impeccable service he provides.Aaron is patient, clear, methodical and professional. I myself work as an educator and so his careful attention to pedagogical detail made that much more of an impression on me. He uses a number of different modalities to get information across--videos, written instructions, diagrams, in-car demonstrations, and of course spoken instruction.Coming from a family of non-drivers, driving is not something that came to me as second nature, and I tried other driving schools before turning to Drivecentral. Aaron was absolutely the best and most well-organized of the teachers I've worked with. I also had a problem with nervousness and Aaron gave me a lot of positive reinforcement to build my confidence.His technique for parallel parking is different from various ways I'd been taught to do it by other people, and it more or less immediately made me go from someone who was pretty "meh" at parallel parking to someone who can get the car into the space every single time.Perhaps the best proof of all, I had already tried and failed to get my license, but after two sessions with Aaron, I passed my driving test--and with flying colors!! I lost zero points on the test!Savvy review-readers will wonder why Aaron has pretty much all five-star reviews everywhere you look online. Please take my word for it that he has those reviews because he earns them. Aaron is not only an amazing teacher but also one of the nicest, most likeable people I've come across, which means he can get you the information and skills you need and also put you at ease so you are able to concentrate on your learning instead of your nerves.Aaron's car is comfortable and clean, his website is easy to navigate, and his online scheduling system works nicely and even sends appointment reminders to your cell phone. And you can pay him with Paypal, which I found very convenient.Definitely hire Drivecentral if you need help getting that license. Aaron is truly The Best!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/19/2013,1094,689,8,10,8>Wesside! I never get over to University City, but I've always wanted to check out City Tap House. So, Pumpkin Smash 2012 was a good enough reason to meet up with Michael F. and Jennifer N. for an afternoon of football, food and pumpkin beer. The place was extremely busy and I was lucky to secure a seat at the huge bar in front of one of the flat screens.Before they arrived I ordered the Roast Pumpkin Ranchero, a brunch special comprised of a pumpkin quesadilla, two sunny eggs, hashbrowns and a black bean chili. It was such a unique combination of things, but I had no problem inhaling all of it and pushing away an empty plate. While I ate, one of the bartenders asked me if I enjoyed the meal (Yes!) and then informed me that I got one of the last brunch plates before they ran out. Great timing for me I guess.Once they arrived, we started looking (well, not just looking) over the list of 30+ pumpkin beers, which were all tapped at 1 pm. So many interesting options: Elysian Apocalypse Blight, RJ Rockers Gruntled Pumpkin...uhh, I forgot to take any other notes after that.Or was it after Jenn ordered all three of us delicious pumpkin bombs...twice?  Oh boy...
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/18/2013,439,341,4,10,9>For what seems like forever I was hearing about the noodles known as Dan Dan, I've heard of the cool but spicy cucumbers, I heard tales of whole mouth burn that leaves your eyes sweating but yet you still want more. I heard about it every time someone checked-in on Yelp, someone on twitter would inevitably say "don't forget the dan dan", I also followed Foobooz and Eater as Old City expanded to University City to Exton, Royersford, Manayunk and New Jersey and yet for whatever reason there I was still just a spectator. I'm not sure how I allowed opportunity after opportunity to slip by, but finally the time was right. I now found myself excited yet absolutely terrified by the menu that sat in front of me...the numbers indicating the spice level of intensity taunting me, calling me a "weenie" for being nervous. I quelled my nerves with a Xiaogui Gimlet of gin and grapefruit juice while seated at the bar with the rest of those in our party and eyed the offerings debating whether I could man-up enough to go for the (10). We were seated shortly after receiving our drinks, our tabs moved to the tables bill and once seated six mouths went flying...."we should order this", "oh, no that sounds great", "tea smoked duck? intriguing!" Somewhere amongst the chaos of discussion we wound up settling on dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, dry pot pork,  tea smoked duck, pea shoots in garlic.. No sooner had we ordered but dishes started to make their way to the table, it was now or never to put on my game face and brace for the sting. The dan dan noodles, awesome. The spicy crispy cucumbers, hot yet cool, a confusing feeling of sorts. Next came our level (10) dishes and the anxiety started to mount, dishes were passed around, chopsticks in place, I dug in without really even thinking. The tea smoked duck was amazing, as was the dry pot; both were of a spice intensity I had never experienced before, but could not stop picking. The dry pot was served in a hot pot sauce in a little wok with bamboo shoots, mushrooms, peppercorns, and peppers. Out of everything we ate though, I think the winner for me was the side order of pea shoots; simply ordered because none of us had every had them before, this simple little green in a light garlic sauce was what grounded the spice of the rest of the entrees and even some of the appetizers; a perfect contrast to the majority of our meal.Dinner moved fast, food is brought out as it's cooked and because it's prepared so quickly at such a high heat we were in and out in just a little under an hour and a half.  We didn't feel rushed and for as much as I think I ate, didn't leave feeling overstuffed...perfect for post-dinner cocktails as we migrated over toward Old City to end the night. No one spent more than $25 including a cocktail apiece. Ordering a few appetizers and entrees for a larger table was a great move as everything is served in share size portions and was definitely a great way to experience this restaurant for the first time.Will I be back? Well, my mouth was ready for a round two just a few minutes after leaving from dinner, I would expect to be making a second, third, and fourth visit very soon or at the very least making a trip for some takeout.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,11/28/2014,12,79,3,10,5>Big fan of Master Tailor. I usually get my jeans hemmed here and they do a great job keeping my original hem so it looks like it was bought that way. On the expensive side, but definitely worth it. I haven't gotten much else done, but my boyfriend has gotten his suits and topcoat tailored here and he is usually pleasantly surprised by their work. I really like the owner too. Very friendly if you are. Also very honest about what he thinks will work. They also have a cute shih tzu hanging out around the shop.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/27/2014,36,265,11,6,6>Order an extra pita at the counter.  You'll need it.  And watch out, they leave a trail of flour dust...Smart move here by the CookNSolo team.  Pretty much a rewash of the Federal Donuts concept but substituting chicken & donuts for hummus and Israeli chic decor.  Is this bad?  Not at all - they do an awesome job on all fronts.  Does it fill a void you never knew needed filling?  Yes, probably.  Should it not be in your food rotation?  Yup.  Perfect lighter option on the weekend or for lunch if you work nearby.Let's be real though.  Hummus, not matter how good, is just hummus.  It's like guacamole.  Sure it's nice to dip carbs in, dress up a sandwich/burrito/whatever, but l wouldn't it be weird if someone opened a guac shack?  Like with different kinds of guac, some options to mix some interesting/traditional spins, that you could enjoy at communal tables with kitschy Mexican stuff on the walls, craft Mexican cervezas on tap, and frozen drinks?Actually...did I just create a thing?  Garces? Garces! You could/should do this!  Hit me up!  Guac Shaq (C) (R) - coming to a Center City side street and/or beleaguered Atlantic City casino soon!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2014,11/26/2014,1090,471,13,10,12>If you like dive bars that sell 40s and let you smoke you will love this place. I unfortunately was on driving duty so I did not drink, but did like their low low prices. I don't smoke, but its nice to know if I'm in the area and feel like smoking and a 40 I now know where to go.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/25/2014,189,352,6,6,5>If say, I had all this extra money Wolf-of-Wall-Street style, I would come here for my "every day" meals. Like, it's Tuesday and I just "finished" with my trainer at the gym and I'd like some honey-braised lamb meatballs for dinner. Bam. Talula's Garden it is. The ambiance is great, especially the outdoor seating which feels so intimate and green. And the service is terrific. We had a delicious cheese plate, ok cocktails (I'd stick to the wine menu), and better than average entrees. You may think to yourself, why would you come here so often then??? And give it so many stars? Because their menu rotates frequently. And as the old idiom goes: variety is the spice of life. Changing the menu frequently and serving new dishes that are consistently above average is an accomplishment all unto itself.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,11/24/2014,59,94,7,10,9>Please just try it.  It will change your world.Be patient (the wait can be 1hr+, sometimes as short as 15 minutes), be willing to spend a little more cash than for your average pizza ($20-$30 depending on toppings), and then fall in love with some of the best pizzas in the city made by one of the nicest guys around.  I've been fortunate enough to have eaten Joe Beddia's delicious pizza a few times, and I usually only have to wait about 15-30 minutes.  Just standing there witnessing the master make each individual pie with care and love is a show in of itself.  The menu changes seasonally - usually contains one red pie (add toppings as needed), one white pie (unique topping, delicious), and one spicy pie.  My favorite pizza of all time is his white pie with heirloom cherry tomatoes, sweet corn, basil/pesto, and a little sausage added.  The corn is crisp and sweet, the tomatoes burst with flavor in your mouth, and the sausage....ohhhh, the sausage! Just phenomenal.Joe is a great guy.  I remember the first time I came here, I literally saw Joe sell a local some cheese and just told the guy to pay whatever he thought was fair.  What?!  Just a local guy happy to help another person out.  He's always happy to shoot the breeze on different pizzas and styles.  Most importantly, he always thanks everyone for their business and is genuinely excited that people enjoy his pizza.Cash only.  No phone orders. Limited dining in option (2 tables, standing room only).  Still absolutely 5 stars.Hours of operation:Wednesday-Saturday: 5:30pm-10:30pmPlease enjoy!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,11/23/2014,203,120,4,6,4>It was our first time and we were beyond hungry....Our delightful experience started at the door where we were greeted by the hostesses with warm smiles and the kindest tones. Seating took a matter of moments despite a packed house and a very busy festival nearby. Chris, the one hostess, was an absolute treasure and it was so nice to meet such an inviting young lady. The interior is a beautiful Tuscan theme, done exquisitely without heavy overtones or gaudy over accentuation.  The lighting is cast subtle but comfortable for a restaurant environment, and promotes the overall feeling of a 'home cooked meal'. The seating was clean and comfortable, the booth was perfect for the four of us.The great service only continued as our server Brittany took care of our every need and answered every question we posed. The drinks were never overlooked, the bread constantly refreshed and her consideration and interest in our table was a breath of fresh air in a bustling restaurant.The food was gorgeous, plentiful and DELICIOUS. We ordered a variety of appetizers and meals, ranging from mussels and calamari to seared duck with a pilaf and asparagus side. These were served in perfect timing, without crowding the table or overwhelming us. We ended the evening with another lovely discussion with Chris about our experience and were introduced to one of the owners. She was a dazzling addition to the night and a perfect finale to an already stunning culinary experience.It was simply exceptional, we cannot wait to share the experience with others.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,11/22/2014,80,481,1,10,6>I had a fantastic dinner at CHUlicious earlier this week.  The service was friendly, and they made some excellent recommendations.  This was my first time having Taiwanese cuisine, I would say that it is very comparable to what I've eaten at Han Dynasty.  We started with some soup dumplings and crystal wontons.  The soup dumplings were very good, and would have been excellent had I never been to Dim Sum Garden in Philly, but I have yet to see anywhere compare to those, so I can't blame them for that.  The crystal wontons were good, my partner really liked them.  They have a sweet and sour taste to them.  The entrees were the real stars of the show.  I tried the CHUlicious chicken, the princess beef, and the chengdu chicken.  All three were really terrific.  The Princess beef and the CHUlicious chicken had a more complex flavor (the CHUlicious had a touch of peanut that I liked a lot).  The chengdu was spicier than the others, without vegetables.  It had a spicy, almost earthy flavor to it.  I would absolute recommend this, but make sure you get a side of some vegetables if you want some, as this was the only dish we had that was served without them.  The Iced tea was very good, very sweet.  It would make a good dessert.I wish I had tried the cold cucumber in chili oil.  It looks great.  In fact there are a lot of things on the menu that I want to try, especially some of those fish I am seeing pictures of.BYOB
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/21/2014,59,220,1,8,5>What a great addition to the Granary building, and to Callowhill Street! We came here on Saturday, the second day that Gyu-Kaku was fully open to the public, and we were impressed with how smoothly everything ran. We were able to be seated right away and we had the most adorable and kind server all night.The dining here is really an experience. This is a chain restaurant that originated in Japan, and every table gets to cook their own meat and vegetables at their own pace. We had several delicious appetizers to start, including the kimchi, garlic edamame, and the spicy chicken wings. For the entrees, we ordered spicy pork, beef, chicken, and salmon in a variety of marinades, along with the assorted vegetables.Combined with a bottle of unfiltered sake and some Sapporos, this turned out to be a surprisingly affordable and delicious meal. It's especially a great place for a small group because of the interaction with cooking while enjoying your food and conversation. What could be better!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,11/20/2014,13,282,4,10,3>the-first-weekend-of-september-2014-is-a-big-win-for-philadelphia-this-is-the-weekend-dilworth-park-opened-and-this-is-the-weekend-hippot-shabu-shabu-opened-the-appearance-of-dilworth-and-hippot-shabu-shabu-indicate-that-philadelphia-is-increasingly-the-place-to-bewhy-is-hippot-shabu-shabu-opening-here-big-news-because-hippot-shabu-shabu-a-very-successful-chinese-restaurant-founded-in-inner-mongolia-with-locations-around-the-world-beijing-macau-la-etc-must-have-done-the-math-and-decided-that-philadelphia-chinatown-is-now-a-place-they-can-succeed-you-maybe-cant-tell-from-the-english-name-but-definitely-identifies-this-place-as-the-very-popular-chinese-hot-pot-restaurant-and-apparently-translates-as-little-sheep-hot-pot-and-thus-explains-the-sheep-on-the-outside-sign-and-logothe-hippot-shabu-shabu-brand-is-good-and-staff-say-the-soup-base-really-is-from-the-interior-of-this-restaurant-is-modern-and-sleek-and-the-tables-although-they-have-cooking-surfaces-with-places-for-big-hot-pots-and-places-for-smaller-personal-hot-pots-are-clean-and-elegant-they-have-a-liqueur-license-although-maybe-not-fully-approved-just-yet-they-also-sell-bubble-tea
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/19/2014,107,113,6,7,7>Sugar Philly is such a nice impulse dessert place in West Philly. All of their desserts are high quality, but out of a food truck, and there's something really nice about that. My favorite thing to get here is the macarons, and specifically, the Milk & Honey flavor. It is unlike any other macaron I've ever had - heavenly, really, the mix of vanilla and the tinge of honey, it's making me happy just to think about it. I've also tried most of the other flavors, and they're all really good - they have some cool ones like cinnamon toast crunch and froot loop - but the Milk & Honey is the best one by far. I've also tried their cheesecake which was also very good.I've also pre-ordered around 50 macarons for an event, and they're really easy to work with in that respect. Definitely recommend it if you're in the area!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,9/13/2009,237,276,9,5,5>With this review comes an apology. An apology to anyone who might have been at Thomas's the Thursday that my friends and I took over the karaoke. I'm sorry for murdering your ears with our duets and group renditions of Outkast, Celine Dion, Michael Jackson and Queen. The DJ from Love Junk was packing up when we arrived but stayed until 1AM just for our music-loving needs. The bartender was a good sport, and sure enough more patrons arrived. The Journey must have sucked them in.The non-musical highlights included $2.50 domestic bottles, Stella and Hoegaarden on draft, and a strong gin & tonic. Also, they had a great happy hour appetizer menu that we missed but I'll come back for.  And absolutely no apologies for my rendition of M.I.A.'s Paper Planes that everyone danced along to. Haters to the left.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,9/11/2009,174,372,7,6,9>Apothecary does live up to its name! With such imaginative drinks like "Thrashing Eve", "Immunity Idol", and "Sage Wisdom" the bar gives your imagination leeway to conceive of their beverages as elixirs, remedies, and tonics... Which in ALL cases will cure any condition of the heart, mind, and soul. The bartenders, waitresses, and waiters are delightful and will give you a story for each of the remedies they prepare. The inside of the downstairs bar is a representation on the contrast of dark and light with the theme of sophisticated dive bar. The giant brick graffiti wall has wonderful quotes and interesting sayings that as you drink become increasingly funnier! On Friday and Saturday night there is a DJ and turntables down stairs and a more lounge feeling upstairs for those who want to gab over a bottled concoction of say "Philadelphia Fish House Punch" or "Livin's Easy" - 750+ml of hand mixed happiness! I think I've just found my new favorite cocktail lounge in the city!!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,9/10/2009,35,58,12,9,8>I don't remember when the first Maoz opened, on South Street, but as soon as it did, everybody was obsessed. OBSESSED!  And why not?  They had taken falafel (delicious, and veggie-friendly), and DEEP-FRIED it, and provided a heaping salad bar of build-your-pita options. AND THEY WERE OPEN UNTIL 3 AM FRIDAYS AND SATURDAYS! It was a college student's dream come true.Of course, there were a few problems with the South Street location -- it was small, and always crowded, and you'd get your pita and heap on 50000 toppings, until the thing was oozing sauce and bursting with cucumbers, and there'd be no place to sit...so you'd carry your pita down the street and find some stoop somewhere and devour it, and you'd end up with falafel bits down your coat front and tahini sauce smeared across your face (not a good look for anyone...PARTICULARLY if you have to go back to work.)And then Walnut Street opened. And there were tables!  And a trippy interior that made you feel like you were inside of a plant. To sum: Maoz falafel is addictingly good. And being able to sit down when you eat it?  It doesn't get any better than this, people. Get the small size; it's more filling than you think.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,9/9/2009,88,146,23,27,25>Ultra is a kitch and friendly atmosphere. I immediately was greeted by fun chickadees.  Everyone was so nice and Sharon the owner, told me each step of the process. Its nice to be educated, especially when you're going from brunette to blonde. She used this amazing stuff to condition and make my hair silky smooth by Redkin called Chemistry. It worked miracles. My hair looked fab and I now am a fan!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,9/8/2009,125,201,5,12,7>Noble is super pretty. I love the bar that looks like a tree, the glass, the skylights, the painted brick, the half-finished frames. Thankfully, the food and drinks live up to the ambience.I'm going to add Noble's bar into my regular rotation. They have an interesting, mostly local beer list, and the wine list was clearly put together by someone who cares. The short list of cocktails is creative and unique, and the ones I tried (something with lemon and birch beer, another with tequila and apple cider) were refreshing, delicious, and not too sweet. Also, the bartender is friendly, made great suggestions, and has an exceptional moustache.Time to eat. I ordered the baby romaine to start, which is a very nice salad. The asparagus with herbs and a fried egg was fantastic, and breaking the egg and watching the yolk flow out over the asparagus...divine. Chickpea fries are strange and good, and my friend praised his foie gras app (I shake my fist). The cheese plate included something mild, a strong, tasty blue, and the sharpest cheese I have ever eaten.There's a veggie burger on the bar menu. It comes on a big fluffy buttery roll, dressed up with a slice of beet, and crispy sea salty fries and tiny little pickles, and it is good. However, our waiter suggested the vegetarian specials. I got a sweet onion rice pudding with a green pea sauce and carrots, fava beans and perfectly cooked chanterelles - fantastic. Friends said the fish (we had halibut and striped bass at the table) was notably good. Finished up with sorbets (the cucumber, I wish I could eat that 3 times a day in the summer!), carrot cake (moist, fluffy and spiced just right) and the chocolate peanut butter thing. You know what's even more appealing than cracking a fried egg? Cracking a chocolate cake and watching peanut butter ooze out. Damn. The peanut butter marshmallow on the side is lovely and made with agar agar instead of gelatin.I will be back, for a quick drink in a nice place, or for a noteworthy meal.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,9/7/2009,2553,1314,13,21,16>After a lackluster dinner nearby on the Square, I wanted to treat my friend to a drink at the new spot in town.  Off we went to The Franklin Mortgage & Investment Company.  We walked up, and I was very pleased that the bouncers were friendly and welcomed us without any trace of an attitude.  We were escorted inside and were instructed to wait for assistance.  We stood there for a few moments before someone was able to come over, and it was a little awkward as it seemed like everyone in the room turned towards the door when it opened... I even found myself doing it later in the night.  I guess that comes with the territory; it's a place for people watching.We had a hard time deciding between the many interesting cocktails.  I knew I could handle something with gin but the various whiskey, brandy and scotch drinks had me a little intimidated.  Our server was extremely patient and very knowledgeable with regards to the menu, so with some assistance we were finally able to choose our libations.  My friend had a cocktail that tasted of strawberries and cucumber, and I had a gin concoction with bitters and... some other things, I can't remember what.  It was slightly sweet and very drinkable.  Next time, I'll don my big girl panties and try something a little more stiff.  I loved the vibe and the gorgeous interior at The Franklin.  And yet, while I also loved catching up with one of my oldest friends, I felt like the place would be better suited for a nighttime rendezvous with a hot date.  I'll definitely return, hopefully with an appropriate suitor in tow.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,9/6/2009,2946,2194,13,17,17>MangoMoon is a roomy venue sporting multiple floors. A stocked bar takes up much of the second floor, and draws a healthy crowd. A small upstairs lounge provides a perfect setting for intimate events, with small pillows and a view of the entire restaurant. (Good date spot.)Try Thai-influenced tapas that will catch your eye, from the adventurous grilled pork neck and chicken livers to more familiar favorites like satay skewers, dumplings, and beef jerky with sticky rice. Everything comes in small plates, perfect for nibbling.Personal service is one of MangoMoon's hallmarks. Thanks to bartender Heather, we knocked back shots of Patron XO Cafe - espresso-infused tequila with a kick. Our server shined, meeting our needs, and chef Moon even stopped by to chat!Don't miss their amazingly soothing sea cucumber soup ($6), with an approachable, slight peppery broth. We shared raw oysters ($9), fresh blue-points with a tangy chili-lime dipping sauce, diced garlic, and mint leaves; peppers added color and crispness. To close, we had the Sai Auh (northern Thai-style sausage; $6), full of minced pork with galangal, kaffir lime leaves, shallots, scallions, shrimp paste, and red curry. It had a bit of a bite and wasn't bad. For a side, we had brown rice, but that didn't add to the meal; try the noodles instead.While the concept of Thai tapas doesn't exactly resonate with me - when I want Thai, I want more than a tease - I won't deny that MangoMoon delivers quality service and cooking into an attractive package.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,9/4/2009,828,1172,8,16,14>An incredibly solid four for now, but I can see them very quickly getting that extra star once they get the credit card system up and running (tomorrow!) and the staff overcomes the first weekend hype and starts to find their footing a little better. But holy hell is P.Y.T. quite the happening burger joint to go to!If you're on the Mojito, Paperstreet, or any other mailer that Tommy Up sends out; or you're an avid reader of Philebrity, then just like me you have been dying to sink your teeth into a P.Y.T. Burger for a good 2 months now. So when I finally got the word I've been waiting for that it was opening this weekend I was ready to go with anticipation, but decided to wait a bit and check out the Sundae party that the Piazza hooks up (not enough dancing!). It was still so packed that it took a few attempts to score an outdoor table. But the fifth time was the charm and we had the chance to enjoy a double dose of DJs, order up a round of burgers, and some ALCOHOLIC MILKSHAKES!To quote Jules Winnfield from Pulp Fiction "Mmm-mmmm. That is a tasty burger.". And the P.Y.T. Burger was very worthy of that moniker. It was a good sized patty that was fully loaded with bacon, lettuce tomato, American cheese, and special sauce on Potato bread. It came with a side of chips and a pickle spear, and I'm very happy to report that it was only $8. BUT you can double up to the Royale and have it with 2 patties for $10, or TRIPLE up to the the Big Mic and have 3 patties for $12. you can also do a side of fries for as little as $2, and a side of onion rings for as little as $3. so P.Y.T. hardly breaks the bank, and since it stands for Pick Your Toppings they give you PLENTY to choose from. of course you can also go veggie with 2 different veggie burger options, switch it up to their grilled cheese, or do some lobster fish sticks!Their Milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and that's right McThrill actually went there for a review! But they were so damn good that they were worth reliving a horrible song over. my friend ordered a milkshake that blended chocolate ice cream with Patron! and I ordered up the Double Espresso Milkshake which blended espresso ice cream, with fresh espresso beans, and espresso vodka! It's such a simple and incredible idea, that I'm seriously surprised that no other spot in Philly (or anywhere else?) does it, and it was well worth the $10. you can also get all your standard milkshake favorites for $5.Congratulations Tommy Up because you definitely have a place that lived up to the hype considerably, and was well worth the wait. And it definitely goes without saying that P.Y.T. is a place that I plan to hit up on a regular basis. Nicely done indeed!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,9/3/2009,59,547,8,11,9>Before going to Sketch, I heard a lot of talk about the place.  The general consensus was that they have good burgers, good shakes, and are bit pricey.  I have wanted to check this place out ever since I heard they serve up Kobe-style burgers.  Kobe cows are fed a beer a day, receive daily massages, and are raised and killed humanly.  This is all done under the pretense that happy cows taste better.Sketch is a tiny joint with three booths and a small bar running along the wall.  It's painted with bright colors and has chalk boards along the walls (hence the name).  You order at the counter and the servers bring out each item as soon as it's ready.  It's a really fun way to enjoy the meal, although it was a bit awkward with my burger coming out first, and the fifth and last burger coming out about ten minutes later.  I still think it's the best way to operate though.  It also helps that ever single person working at Sketch is incredibly nice and seems like they're having a great time.  Despite the small size, the atmosphere is great.Even though Sketch is establishing itself as a burger joint, the menu is quite varied.  In addition to their regular fare, they have rotating specials that include a salad, pulled pork, brisket and more.  Sketch is also vegan friendly, and is willing to whip up a vegan shake or burger on request, and they looked delicious.  Further, Sketch was right up my alley with fresh and locally sourced ingredients brought in daily.  They are really striving to do everything correctly to create the most excellent burger.I am constantly on the search for the best burger in Philadelphia, and I think I may have found it.  I went with the Kobe beef, but I'm honestly not sure if I would be able to taste the difference between that and their regular burger.  Next time I'll have to do a taste test.  Everything, from my burger, to the shake, and the fries was so full of flavor.Here's my note on the prices.  Burgers are about $6, the Kobe burgers are $9.60.  Cheese is $1 extra.  A huge order of fries is $3, and shakes are $4.50.  While that does sound a bit pricey, all of these are large enough that almost any normal person could fill up on half of the portion.  Then, splitting a burger, shake and fries could be less than $20.  Even if you want to eat the massive portions, the quality easily makes up for the price.Bottom Line: I wrote so much more than usual because this is the most exciting new place I've been in a while.  The are serious contenders for the best burger in town, and being within walking distance of my house makes this place just that much better.  I highly recommend this place for anyone, and with all of the veg options, you really have no excuse not to go.  (Unless you hate fun and/or delicious things.)  Enjoy.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,9/2/2009,29,60,5,7,7>Bumping up my review by one star, because:1) Teresa's kitchen got with the program and added a vegetarian entree to the menu.  Yes, it still features the dreaded portabella mushroom, but at least there are now two veggie options available.2) Right now, they have Southern Tier Creme Brulee Stout on draft.  OMFG, this is a crazy beer (and by crazy I mean both bizarre and crazy-delicious if you're into super-alcoholic beer that smells like a butterscotch sundae), and having tried it once in Boston, I never expected to see it anywhere else again.Way to go, Teresa's.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,3/18/2008,10,37,3,8,8>We were here on possibly the coldest night of the year, so we ended up being one of four occupied tables in the whole restaurant. Even though the restaurant was so empty and cold and drafty inside, we still had a great experience because the food was amazing. The atmosphere is very bright, cheery, warm, and inviting.  The food was to die for, we had the bruschetta trio with three different kinds of bruschetta, and it was very inventive and tasty. I had the gnocchi and lamb, which just melted in my mouth. The prices weren't too bad either. Overall, a good experience and I will definately go back.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,3/17/2008,15,6,4,8,9>"Johnny Cash is Dead. Long Live Johnny Cash."I remember when this sign went up right after Cash passed away. It's still hanging in this W. Philly bar and has since burned it's memory into my head. There are a lot of eccentric details to this humble bar, but all of them make the place what it is; one of the best, tiny and intimate bars in the city.Whenever I leave Philadelphia, my first impossible wish is to be able to somehow box up Fiume (patrons, bartenders, musicians and all) and take it with me wherever I go. Yes, it is small and on their bluegrass and jazz nights finding a spot to stand can be a bit of a pain. If you are hankering for live music and still want to be able to breathe without getting a whiff of that quintessential W. Philly scent of B.O. and patchouli (i only say this because it applies to half of my friends), I highly reccomend traveling to the bar on a Sunday night when local bluesman Shakey plays with an assortment of W. Philly musicians. My favorite nights to go to the bar, though, are the nights when nothing is going on...There are always a great assortment of people hanging out at Fiume and even when I fly solo I often find myself waxing pseudo-philosophical over a beer with someone, whether it be one of the great bartenders or another solo patron. Oh, and I try to drink something new from their huge selection of beers every time I'm there (when I can afford more than the standard city wide special) If you get a bit overwhelmed staring into the corner fridge while you try to make a decision, ask one of the bartenders for an opinion. All in all, this is one of my favorite places to hang out in Philly and wherever my travels take me, I'll always have a special place for Fiume in my (cold, cold) heart.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2007,3/16/2008,27,47,7,5,2>Alright, so you're at a party and its getting kinda lame. The keg's kicked, the only people you know here are wasted or making out, or discussing some Finnish hardcore LP from 1987 from a band with a DIS name and you could care less. You look at your cell phone (because no one has a watch anymore) and its only 11:45. HOLY SHIT! Its time to go the pretzel factory! At midnight every night at 10th and Washington some really crabby sonuvabitch opens the doors to a bunch of bike crazed stinky bitches and drunk south philadelphs. As you enter the tiled, fluorescent lobby your olfactory sense tingles with the scent of freshly baked dough. So what do you do? Order 10 of those motherfuckers with nacho cheese (or brownmustard for the vegans and traditionalists) and eat 4 of em as your biking home. Or driving home (I bet you're drunk if you're in a car leaving the pretzel factory at 1 am you asshole you.) PS The pretzels are only good from midnight-1am. Seriously, then they become like any other shitty, stale dough snake from wawa or jimmy's hot dog stand.BOOMP!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,3/14/2008,31,37,1,5,9>Happened upon this place on a whim, looking for good comfort asian/chinese/whatever food.  It's a simple restaurant, no decor on the walls, save for a tv playing whatever asian channel you could get on cable.  The menu was pretty straightforward;  a small list of appetizers, and then a whole bunch of noodle soups with your choice of various meats.  I got the beef brisket noodle soup...the broth is good, but after the meat stews in it, its gets even better.  My girlfriend got the roast duck noodle soup, which was quite tasty, except that it was all on the bone, so eating the savory duck was a little tough.  Most soups were under $6, and as much as you eat, it seems like there's still a full bowl.  I ate half of mine and was quite full, although I definitely got dirty looks from the surrounding patrons who ate theirs to finish, with no complaints.  I was thrilled though, to have lunch leftovers.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,3/13/2008,83,91,4,7,6>OK, so... in celebration of Fidel Castro's resignation, Cuba Libre is offering a free Cuba Libre cocktail with every entree... Who could pass that up, right? Perfect excuse to go out to dinner. lolWell, I like to drink. However, I don't like to drink at Cuba Libre. lol If it weren't for that, I would definitely have rated this place a 5.Last night was my first time visiting. I had a dinner reservation with two friends.The place is beautiful, the food is delicious, the waitress was nice, the drinks/drink service SUCKED.One of my friends ordered a Malibu and Pineapple... Although we could clearly see the bottle of Malibu sitting on the display wall behind the bar, the bartender went to the far end of the bar and after glancing over her shoulder to see if we were looking - I have mastered the art of pretending I'm not watching my bartender - poured her a Bacardi Coco and pineapple... She didn't really care, so I didn't complain, but (as I'm learning) I'm one of those people who asks for very specific things and gets annoyed when those requests aren't honored. I don't mind being told that they don't have Malibu... But don't tell me ok, then sneak me something else. *ugh*Between the three of us, we ended up ordering the Plato Guevara (which is made for two people), and the "15 Tastes of Cuba" for the third person.That food was so delicious and there was so MUCH!!! Wow. There were two types of steak (strip - my favorite thing on the table - and skirt), jumbo shrimp (can I get an order of those to go!), chicken breasts (well-seasoned, but a tad dry) and chorizos (pork sausages, but I don't eat pork) on the Plato Guevara, and the 15 Tastes of Cuba came with like 5 different entrees, including the most delicious salmon I have ever tasted! The spinach that came w/the 15 Tastes was so good we actually commented on it. lolThe only thing none of us cared for were the way too sweet maduros (fried ripened plantains)...Oh, wait, I'm lying... lol. The other thing no one cared for was the free Cuba Libre cocktail. lol. It is house brand rum, fresh lime juice and coke... WAY too much fresh lime juice.All three of us are two binges away from needing new livers and all three of us left half-full glasses on the table. lol
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2008,3/12/2008,68,684,3,3,3>I was reminiscing about In and Out two days ago, and it got me thinking - is there a burger (and solely burger) joint out here in Philly that I enjoy. The answer was yes! Five Guys.But I should be fair. You can't really compare In and Out and Five Guys. The former is light and portioned just right; the latter is heavyyyy. Every time I eat Five Guys, I feel like I should start running again. Then I order Five Guys' Cajun french fries.Enough rambling - this is my fav place to get a quick burger in Philly. It's clean, the service is prompt, you get free peanuts and the fries are absurdly tasty. I come here whenever I'm in the area and have the slightest pangs of hunger.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2008,3/11/2008,0,0,5,3,3>I want to hate you ice cafe, i really do. The ambience of this place kills me a little on the inside every time i step in. Between the horrible music, annoying staff, and flatscreen tv's playing the latest most annoying TRL teeny bop music. I want to hate this place a lot, and complain about how it ruins the dignity of narberth. But unfortunately, I cannot. The sutff they serve here is quality. They give you pretty large portions for your money also. The water ice is good, almost as good as rita's. The custard was pretty decent as well. I can also attest that they give you hot chocolate with tons of marshmallows and whipped cream. I hate everything about this place but the food. But the food is enough to keep my coming back.EDIT(March 27th, 2008):I take back my annoying employees comment. I am now an employee of the fine institution known as the Ice Cafe. The brisket is EXCELLENT. Get the brisket sandwich if you stop in. And while your stopping in to get the mentioned sandwich, you can say hi to me! Tell me your from Yelp, and we'll talk.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,3/10/2008,33,145,1,6,4>I absolutely hate waiting for a table at restaurants, but Honey's is the only place I'll make an exception for. I've never had anything but breakfast, but the whole menu looks amazing. For 5 bucks, you can get eggs, coffee, toast, and latke, which is awesome, compared to some of the other insanely expensive brunch places in Phila. I've tried the whole wheat pancakes before, and they were amazing (and I'm not a pancake person). The servers have always been very attentive and friendly, constantly checking up on us. Honey's has become my favorite breakfast place - I'll just have to start coming before 10:30 to beat the crowd.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,3/9/2008,114,391,8,12,5>This establishment is the Perrier Jouet Fleur Blanc de Blanc of cycling, nay, fitness centers. Cadence's only other location is in NYC, and both house a hand-picked bunch of a former Olympians, current gold medalists and other nonpareil athletes.CAUTION: Before preceding with this completely positive review that will make you want to jump up and immediately head to Cadence, keep in mind, classes and training package here will cost you a pretty shiny penny. You and your second mortgage have been warned. . .Trainers and staff aside, the actual outpost is gorgeous: the first-floor bike store and mechanic area is surrounded by exposed brick and centered by a floating metal staircase dotted with triathlon bikes; the second floor is home to the actual training space. Two rows of bike trainers face a huge projection screen with mounted camera (you can watch classes from home with your trainer), large windows looking out onto Main Street and two mirrored treadmills. All the equipment and building details are high-end, from the live TV feed for workouts, to the fitness testing room to the moldings and recessed lighting.Cadence offers triathlete training packages (you'll get one-on-one coaching with someone a lot more attractive and more in shape than you), cycling classes and even groups rides and trips (like a recent mountain biking trip to California). The whole group at the Manayunk post makes you want to relinquish your friends and/or job and hang out with them solely, maybe "make snow angels snow angels together then eat a whole roll of Tollhouse Cookiedough as fast as you can and then snuggle." Needless to say, for even the beginer who doesn't know what "cadence" stands for, don't hesitate to come here one Sunday with all your questions, or just join a class; the trainers and other athletes are as accommodating and sweet as you wish your dad was. (Repressed memories.)One-on-one training, although it will cost you half your pay check, will pay off times 40. Each 1%-body-fat trainer spends a full hour with you working on your form, fitting your bike perfectly to your angles and size and helping you understand how to perform better under racing conditions. Bike classes are also perfect for those who want to ease into their fitness regime like an old man into a warm bath (that would be, needless to say, slowly); one hour with a handful of other bikers, a customized workout and lots of attention for the coach will keep you limber and ready for whatever race you have coming up next (or it will just keep you looking good in your Sunday gym shorts as you watch Price Is Right reruns).
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2007,3/8/2008,17,39,2,5,4>There is no way around Moore Brothers. It's simply good in winter or in summer time. They keep their store temperature to a constant 56F, which is best for the wine. So in summer, in the hot and muggy hours, going there refreshes you nicely. It's like finnish ice swimming. In winter, you are not gonna sweat, you are just staying cosy in your winter fur, close to the outside temperatures.They even ship their wine at the same temperature. Probably they hired someone to pet the bottles, too.Lastly, great news for everyone with cognitive disorders. They are running a computerized system, that will tell them exactly what you had last time. It will also tell YOU what your friend bought recently. Nobody said you have to give them your own name, hehe...
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,12/29/2013,312,582,1,14,5>Pretty sweet lunch specials, which go until 4 PM!  Depending on your choice of protein, you get a 3-course lunch for $8.95 to $11.95.  Chicken and Beef are in the $8.95 group.  Yes, the portions for the specials are a bit smaller, but I finished my meal and was satisfied knowing I wouldn't be hungry in an hour.My lunch consisted of Tom Kha Soup, Chicken Curry Puff, and Beef Panang Curry.  The soup was balanced with coconut and no doubt the best part of my meal.  The Chicken Curry Puff was enjoyable, but nondescript. The Panang was solid as well, with a good heavy amount of beef.  However, the curry was not as thick as I'm used to with Panang.  Overall, my first experience told me Bangkok Thai 9 would be worth checking out again for another lunch special.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/28/2013,17,94,18,4,2>Ok, so an update. The wife and I got back together. But it didnt last long. This place is still terrible. After much talking and exercise, my wife took me back after I got fat from eating these burgers. All was right in the world.We went here for dinner on Friday night. I got the smashed onion burger and she got the Mac and Cheese. We shared an order of Cheese Fries. The burger which I order medium, was actually cooked medium! Most places dont know how to cook a decent burger. We finished up our dinner and went home. My lady wasnt feeling well and left to go to CVS. She comes home and I find out she was cheating on me! Yep. Thats right. The signs were right in front of me. She has some white stuff in the corner of her mouth and on her dress.....thats right. Cheese. She had went back out to get more of Sketch's amazing Cheese Fries! I tried to confront Sketch, but they pretended they weren't home. This place is horrible. Their food is so god damn good, it ruins families and tears people apart!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,12/27/2013,167,463,11,10,8>After seeing the reviews, I had to get over to Gooey Looie's when my brother-in-law was in town and said he wanted to try a great cheese steak. I know I would not feel good about dragging him to one of the tourist traps, aka Pats and Genos. They just didn't cut it. Jimmys and Ishkabibble's were thoughts, but while better, still were not great. Tony Luke's was in this same ballpark. So, I decided to step out of what I know and trust the reviews.When I walked into the bodega, my wife immediately chimed, "You sure you don't want to go somewhere else, there isn't much seating here." She was right about the seating. This is not where you go for a sit down meal. It's a bodega, make no mistake about it. But it's also a bodega with highly reviewed cheese steaks, and I was reluctant to tail it out of there to experience average like I had so many times in the past.Feeling slightly embarrassed by the scenery, I knew two things. My only chance to save faith was to stick it out and show that I had found a gold mine. And, my only chance to finally experience a better than average cheese steak was to stick it through. So, we did just that.We ordered our cheese steaks, and other things, at the small deli counter. The cheese steaks were piled with more meat than any healthy person could manage eating. With cheese and onions, it was indeed a cheese steak for men.I took one bite into this glory and knew I had done no wrong. The bread was perfect. The meat was perfect. The cheese and the onions complimented it well. I had finally found a great cheese steak. And, I was able to be smug about it. Yeah, I found this place, I thought with a grin as I looked over and saw others enjoying it as much as I was.So what, we had two tables not much bigger than my head and I had to sit on a crate since there were not enough chairs. Hey, we got a free water ice for my daughter out of the deal, mainly because she is such a charmer, but also because the guy working it was super nice.If you want to know why Philly is known for great cheese steaks, this is a great place to start.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/26/2013,79,145,2,6,5>As a disclaimer this review is purely based on the delivery aspect of the operation, I live pretty far from Ekta but I still get my fix because they deliver to center city all the way from No-lib. First off, delivery is always the last option for me mainly because in my mind the food isn't as fresh as it is when you eat it at the restaurant. Ekta has completely changed my pre-conceived notions about delivery. My horizon has been broadened so to say. The food is simply superb! This past weekend for a party of eight we ordered a variety of dishes; Chicken Tikka, Paneer Saag, Chicken Saag, Chicken Kadai, Malai Kofta, Chicken Biryani and vegetable samosas, and garlic naan. Very reasonable considering the amount of food we got (17.00 + tip per person) and since we were at my place I also got 3-4 meals extra! All the dishes exceeded expectations and had the right amount spice, I can't pick a favorite because they all legitamately were delicious! So, if you live in Center City and crave indian like I do but don't want to move off your couch because there are football games on call up Ekta and have them deliver you some bomb A$$ food.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,12/25/2013,54,231,6,10,8>Big kudos to this salon for being able to accommodate me on such short notice. Josh spent a fair amount of time on me helping me change my brown hair with blonde highlights to something "sleek and shiny," a lot bolder and more daring. "I've been going to the same stylist for the past three years and feel it's time for a change," I told him. He agreed that change is good. As this was my first time with him, I studied his actions carefully and, except for one point when it was busy, he really put his all into working with me. I could tell by the way he cut my hair that he really enjoys what he's doing and has a passion for it. My previous stylist at another salon sometimes left me with a feeling of disconnectedness, like she really didn't want to be there. Not so with Josh. He was communicating with me every step of the way.This salon is a huge upgrade for me. My previous salon used to be nicer than it is now, but downgraded its interior space because the owner cheaped out to maintain its prices, so I was very pleased with the way Jason Matthew Salon looked and felt (and I've been to quite a few, since my ex was a stylist at several of the top salons in the Philly burbs). The large front window offers a gorgeous, scenic view of Chestnut Street where Di Bruno Brothers and several nice shops beacon from across the street. I was originally put off by the salon's second-floor entrance, but quickly became a convert when I saw the view. A second-story salon with a view is the ultimate environment to get your hair cut in downtown Philly. It feels a lot like New York City, my hometown.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,12/24/2013,17,188,3,6,4>Is it possible that I have yet to write a review for Yards?  Wow... evidence of what that tasty beer can do to you ;-)Great place to spend an afternoon on a rainy or especially hot summer day - you get a free sample at the door and can meander over to the bar to order flights (there are two different flights - yes, you should get both!), pints, or growlers.  Can't beat the $5 pints, and the snacks are pretty good, too.  Don't get drunk - have a snack!The tours are free.  The people are friendly.  There's shuffleboard!  Go. Drink beer.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,12/23/2013,509,364,3,6,7>My favorite craft brewery in PA! Whenever out of towners come to visit, Prism is the place I show 'em. It's full of wonder and mystic - located in a more industrial part of town - you are wondering where the hell you're going and if you'll ever make it back. Once you're inside, you might never want to leave. Incredibly creative beers - from the Love is EVOL (with jalapenos and strawberries) to the Bitto Honey - IPA brewed with honey. The place reminds me of a place I'd find in Oregon. Low profile, awesome beer, friendly and generally staff and patrons. Prism is the place to be!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,12/22/2013,89,250,,7,6>I don't know how else to say this. How can I make it clear this is not mere hyperbole? I'll just come out with it. The Yard's Brawler Toffee Crunch cupcake I purchased from Sweet Box today is without a doubt the best cupcake I can remember eating, ever.I've been let down by so many other bakeries. But the combination of beer in the cake batter and crunchy toffee involves two of my favorite things, so I put aside my skepticism and misgivings and joined my companions in patronizing the Sweet Box food truck at Mt. Airy Street Fare.The cupcakes are modest in size and cost $3 each. I would gladly pay that again, knowing the level of quality. My cupcake was moist and fresh. I bit in and experienced the soft yieldingness of the cake, the light sweetness of the icing, the crunch and butteriness of the toffee. The cake, to my surprise, was chocolate-flavored in addition to being flavored with beer. I normally do not like chocolate cake and don't order it. (I'm weird, I know.) Well, this cake tasted amazing. They are clearly using very high-quality chocolate here.The cupcake reminded me a bit of European sweets in that it was not overly sweet.I've tried so many cupcakes at different bakeries over the years and always there was something out of whack. Too sweet, too dry, too much icing, etc. This cupcake I ate today was absolute cupcake perfection. Sweet Box is setting the standard.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/21/2013,996,928,21,17,18>Last Name Beddia, first name JoeThe Jesus of pizza, the messiach of doughHe doesn't need a credit card or to talk on the phoneIf you don't like this pizza you'll just die aloneI'm gonna say it, yes I dareHis ingredients are fresher than the prince of Bel AirI'll post about it on yelp, google, and redditlast night I sold my first born child to get itIf you want the best, this is the pizza you seekbut Joe, why don't you open more days of the week?Beddia, you best remember the name.It's putting so much of its competition to shamePizza Jesus has arrivedJust in timeHe makes those 3 pies that blow your mindPizza Jesus has risenmore addictive than MethI'm gonna eat it 'til I rupture and I bleed to death.--Cons - No Phone, cash only, cumbersome hours, no real seating. Pros - Awesome pizza by a man who loves his pizza.--youtube.com/watch?v=NVqe
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/20/2013,136,204,5,6,6>The Trestle is the only place that plays my favorite dance music all the time.Seriously. Motown, funk, and R&B circa 1970. Live performances of said genres, notably featuring James Brown, are projected onto one of the walls in the joint, bringing everyone back to a time when it was acceptable to shoot up in a bar bathroom and pass out in the street. They don't go for that so much anymore as they do dancing and drinks, but the spirit is the same, baby!Every time get into this place, I want to dance. And also get drunk. It helps that I'm good friends with one of the go-go dancers. So, Yelp friends, please remember to tip! These girls literally dance 12-16 hours per week in short-break or no-break shifts.Order everything. Their whiskey sours are legit, with foamed egg white and all. Their beer selection is great. I rarely order any bar bites, but they do the job and won't end your journey on the Oregon trail.There's so much about this place that can't quite be captured in words, so go there. You will love it. Or you will think it's weird, because you grew up suburban, and all the music is stuff you've never really heard of. Deal with it.As for you, Trestle, you've come a long way from the lonely looking titty bar on the wrong side of Vine Street that I thought I'd never end up in growing up. Guess we're all learning some new tricks, aren't we?
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,4/18/2009,144,305,3,12,7>Seriously, why did I sleep on this place?If you want to be transported back in time, this place will do it.  It's a sweet roller skating rink located right on the corner of 20th and Christian, open Thursday-Sunday nights.  $4-5 gets you in and includes the price of roller skate rental - unless of course, you have your own fly pair.  The rink itself is pretty low-frills - no disco ball or fancy flair, but they have a DJ booth to provide you with sweet skating tunes.  Some of the youth regulars at the rink were tearing it up with fancy choreography - as for me, I had forgotten all my tricks.If you're in the mood for something different, beyond the bar, then this place is worth the trip.  It's cheap, it's fun, and definitely a taste of the "real" Philly.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,4/17/2009,41,24,7,9,7>Do you like cigars?Do you like scotch?Do you like feeling like a top-earner for a few hours every once in a while even if you, say, bus tables across town?If you answered yes to those questions, stop by Mahogany.  NOW.Are you there yet?You can purchase a cigar at Holt's, then head up the steps to this den of subtle testosterone and light it up freely while perusing the incredible collection of single malts.The lights are dim, so as not to distract you from the centerpiece of the room:  a fireplace surrounded by lounge chairs.  Yes, you can sit in them while you smoke.The walls are decked out in green and red Civil-War-inspired paisley, even throughout the bathroom.  By the way, the only visible bathroom is strictly for gentlemen.  Sorry ladies...The service can't be beat. At the bar, the tender can recite even the most minute details concerning flavor and aroma of scotches.  If you choose to sit by the fire, everything you order is delivered by a server who actually kneels at your table.So, if you don't feel like much of a man's man lately, stop in for a little spinach.  You will not regret it.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,4/16/2009,198,334,6,14,11>This newly restored theatre in Jenkintown is a nice addition to the area. It is a single screen theatre that will show more off-Hollywood or Sundance winner movies. The seats are nice and comfy and they have love-seat style ones so you can snuggle up with your someone special!I really enjoyed the personal feel of this place. What is more this is not a large chain - it was restored by the J-town historical preservation movement and is a non-profit. As a side note they do Wii parties for kids - hooking up they Wii system to their large screen - how awesome is that!!?!?
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,4/15/2009,85,324,13,6,9>All right I get it now after visiting tonight. Really good beer on tap: CHECKHot waitress with tattoos that makes me want to get one: CHECKInsanely delicious burger with cheese in the middle: CHECKITY CHECK CHECK CHECKSome of the best fries I've ever had: CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECK CHECKSad when I left hot waitress and good beer: CHECKComing back for waitress, other menu items, beer, and dessert: CHECKIn a sea of overprice, overhyped restaurants present in Center City, this stands out as a beacon of culinary hope and delight. Ok, maybe that was a little too much hyperbole, but damn the food was good here. I"m going back as soon as possible.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,4/14/2009,121,177,5,7,6>Good food, friendly service, BYOB, an absolute solid deal.I came here for a friend's birthday and unlike places like Mercato that are also cash-only, this place takes reservations. Thank goodness. I really gripe on things like that. The restaurant was very patient managing our big group and for that I give them props.I ate so much food I thought I was going to fall over. While you're wating for your food, you get bread with this really addicting eggplant sauce. We contemplated taking the big tub of it which was right by our table.  The mushroom crepes are a great appetizer and actually pretty filling. One of the specialties about La Locanda is that their gnocchi is made from ricotta instead of potatoes, as previously mentioned by other reviewers. Pretty tasty. I got to mooch off of others for a taste of mussels and crab cakes. The mussels came right out of their shell making for an easy eat and the crab cakes were so soft.  After all the great appetizers and dishes, I opted to get a cannoli since I haven't had one in a while. Oh, such decadence! Chocolate chips and chocolate sauce, oh sugary-sweetness. The tiramisu was really good from what I could tell (not soggy). Great ways to top off my meal :)This place gets crowded, but you have room to breathe unlike *ahem Mercato. Make sure to make reservations and bring a bottle when you go and enjoy!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,4/13/2009,152,76,4,11,7>just saw lucinda williams here last night and the show was phenomenal - i like the acoustics and there really doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house - we were seated in the next to last row and didn't miss a thing...actually we were closer to the cocktails that way! yes the lines are horrendous for the potty and the seats are not the most comfortable thing i have put my butt on but i didn't let it get in the way of an incredible night out with my friends...i have seen quite a few shows here - and haven't had a bad time yet...although the dude sitting next to me who fell asleep and stayed asleep the whole time while holding his plastic cup of beer was a little creepy...get there early enough to find parking and grab a bite to eat beforehandi lived in glenside until i was 5 and being there last night sure did bring back some good memories
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,4/12/2009,828,1172,9,21,19>-PINBALL ALERT!-Overall I could give here 3 stars, but I'm curving to 4 because when it comes to Timeless old school video arcades in Philadelphia this is the only one that really still exists (and it's kind of sad to say it).For a fairly small arcade it has a fairly balanced offering of games to enjoy. They have new school games like DDR alongside old school games like Mrs. Pacman, 3D fighters like Soul Caliber alongside quirky Japanese 2D fighters (and plenty of sharks that are waiting to school noobs in VS mode for each), and a couple of shooting and racing games. They even have a pool hall towards the back and and plenty of games where you can win tickets for prizes. But most importantly they have Pinball! they only have newer one's like Family Guy, Pirates Of The Caribbean and The Simpsons (at least since I last checked). But they were all pretty well maintained at least.While it might be filled with plenty of tweenagers on certain occasions, I'll take an old school spot over somewhere like Dave & Busters any day of the week!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,4/11/2009,2946,2194,8,18,11>Formerly Manna House, they've rechristened themselves Korean Restaurant[1], and they're not kidding: they serve Korean food, have Korean staff, and you can watch Korean TV while you eat. This modest-sized BYOB fits about 60 diners. The tables appear to be laminated, and there are flowers and bamboo stalks painted on the walls.We were greeted, seated, brought a pitcher of warm barley tea, then menus. Their menu sports appetizers, a few BBQ meat and seafood options, and a ton of hot soups. Took us some time to deliberate, then we settled on a few choices.Two of us shared an appetizer and two entrees: a plate of kimchi gochoo pajeon (tasty, and surprisingly had huge peppers in the pancake; $12.95), a plate of galbi (delightfully marinated prime ribs; $16.95), and the dependable kimchi jaeyuk bokum (~$14.95). The accompanying banchan plates were good: kimchi, little fish, bean sprouts, thin strips and large chunks of seaweed, and a ginger salad. When we requested more kimchi (free), we also got a plate of kaktugi (radish kimchi, my favorite!). Coupled with miso soup and white rice, the entire meal was more than filling; I'm eating leftovers this week...Pricing is typical for a Korean restaurant, and credit cards are welcome.[1] The Korean characters on their awning is probably their "real" name - unfortunately, transliterating Korean isn't my strong suit. For those not near Blue Bell, there's another Korean Restaurant in Upper Darby, near 69th street.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,4/10/2009,101,45,5,9,7>My favorite cafe north of market.  Lots of space, never really crowded.  Great americanos.The sandwiches are more than I would expect from such a modest coffeehouse.  After being served microwaved eggs from cafes like rocketcat and gleaners, my standards for cafe fare was fairly low when I ordered my bacon egg and cheese.  But I was served real eggs! on real bread!  with real bacon (not the weird plastic strips of bacon-like meat you get at dunkin donuts)My only complaint is that the wi-fi is a little scabby (luckily, they have a few neighbors with unencrypted networks.)
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,4/9/2009,93,112,5,9,7>Overall a great experience with Bindi's beautiful and elegant decor and ambiance, great service and delicious Indian-inspired food-- I would recommend this restaurant to locals and visitors alike. My mom and I went to India a few summers ago, so we have a strong frame of reference for what constitutes real Indian food.  Bindi definitely brought us back, pulling off a great fusion of authentic, fresh Indian spices and ingredients (lime and curry leaves, mmmm) with local foods and interesting menu options.I would HIGHLY recommend the grilled Octopus appetizer (chickpea, curry leaf, warm spinach, madras curry vinaigrette) --this was our favorite!  The bengali spice roasted duck pani puri (sweet potato, apple chutney, pomegranate molasses, "spicy tamarind water") was impeccable as well.We brought our own Vodka and mixed it with a pitcher of their mango, lime and cardamom beverage--which was delicious.Get your booty to Bindi!  And don't forget your cash!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/17/2013,75,163,,7,3>Another great choice for anglophiles. Perch pub serves very good British pub fare, with a nice atmosphere and a killer view. Pretty spacious and plenty of seating make it a good option when other smaller spots are crowded. The service is wonderful, and super friendly. My server seemed to think all my choices were great, I bet she doesn't say that to just anyone.  The portions are generous so Perch is a smart choice if your stomach is as empty as your worse relationship. The crab cakes were meaty, barely any filler. I belive the quality of the crab cakes on any menu is a good baseline for the quality of the food. Solid pub fare with a very good beer list makes Perch Pub a nice destination for visitor and local alike.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/16/2013,189,352,5,8,3>Ever notice how bikram instructors sound like auctioneers? They talk the entire 90 minutes in a slightly monotone voice. That's pretty impressive. The bikram instructor I had walked into the room about to drop a shorty and I dropped my jaw.  Talk for 90 minutes straight in a sauna and walk around with your 9 month belly and adjust people???? You're like the new species. PROPS. Another mind-blowing thing: you practice in a room that's over a 100 degrees Fahrenheit that has 30+ bodies in it sweating excessively, and the floor is covered in a RUG that doesn't smell----!!! magical. It was literally the only time I've done bikram and wasn't distracted by people's personal pools of perspiration that surrounded them. The floor wasn't even wet. How??? I also loved the humidifiers in the room. US Weekly says humidifiers keep your skin supple in these tough winter months. The third wonderful thing about this studio is that the long shape of the room and the fact that it's not psychotically jam-packed allows you to actually see yourself in the mirror and therefore be able to adjust yourself accordingly. Seeing yourself in the mirror while practicing yoga is sort of like seeing a violent car accident: you need to avert your eyes but you just can't. But in general, it's helpful. And not claustrophobic. Anyway, I'm sore today. Even though I think I spent 89/90 minutes mostly just standing or sitting in half-poses. My favorite way to get ripped.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/15/2013,232,522,5,13,7>This brand new beer bar on 11th Street has all the factors needed for great success. I say this mainly due to the fact that, for the first time in my entire life, I actually finished a glass of beer without making the cringe face. What more could one want from a beer bar?Usually when I'd try beer in the past (at Oktoberfest in Munich, at other local establishments, at the nagging of my friends..), my instant reaction has always been to grimace and guzzle water. That wasn't the case at Strangelove's last night.At the suggestion of my server, Ryan P., I tried the Rosee D'Hibiscus beer, which is tinted a pink color and has a fruity taste to it. My boyfriend went for the Yards Love Stout and the Rodenbach Grand Cru. I wasn't daring enough to try the Yards, but I did taste the Rodenbach and -- geez -- it didn't taste at all like the beer-vomit I've imagined in my brain for oh so long! He enjoyed both choices -- and was eyeing up other selections for future visits.In terms of food, I'd recommend the seared chicken sandwich and the blueberry buckle for dessert. By the time we left, both had been inhaled. By me. My boyfriend went for the wings, which had bits of chunky blue cheese sprinkled on top rather than as a dip. He only left the bones behind, despite saying he wasn't all that hungry.The check didn't break the bank and we didn't feel rushed out. There's also a sizable TV above the bar area. The exposed bricks are a great plus and the neutral colors really work for the place.If you like beer, I'd recommend. If you don't like beer, I'd recommend, too.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,5/14/2013,308,271,1,12,7>I struggle to find any flaws with our experience here last night. E and I got all dressed up to celebrate three years of extreme happiness and settle in for what we knew would be an incredible meal.To begin, do not neglect to order a cocktail or some wine, it's just that kind of place. You earned it. I got a French 75, probably my favourite cocktail of all time, and it was spectacular. E also enjoyed his Sazerac and we both went for a second round. The table bread is such a highlight here. I know how odd that sounds, but you'll understand, trust me. We ate 2 entire little tin buckets full of bread (and we didn't even have to ask for the second bucket, it was offered. Bonus points).For appetizers we both ordered the escargots, which came in adorable little clay pots with garlicky butter. Delicious, but I still think Cochon's rendition is the best in the city. It was a good value though, with 9 perfect tender little morsels for $12, and it was very rich. E was hoping for oysters but there were none to be had.Since we were feeling celebratory, we also got the Flammenkuche to share. Here is where the service really started to set itself apart- without asking, they made this a mid-meal course and served it after we finished the escargots instead of shoving it on the small table with everything else. A small thing, but meaningful. Get the Flammenkuche! Good lord it may have been the best thing we had. Oniony and cheesy and bacony, with a crisp crust, oh my...I went for the rabbit as my entree and E got the pork loin. The rabbit was everything I had hoped it would be and more. The meat was so tender and moist and flavourful, the tagliatelle firm and springy, so rich... If anything it was maybe a tad salty but I didn't mind. E let me steal a bit of his and it was also really tasty, especially the pomme puree. If you love mashed potatoes, order this dish. A side crock  of gratin cauliflower rounded out the mains nicely and was executed flawlessly.Even though we were stuffed, when you're at a great French restaurant it would be a huge mistake to not order dessert. We chose the creme brulee and orange tart, but only had one bite of the tart because that creme brulee might be the best dessert I've ever put in my mouth. Impossibly smooth and creamy with just enough sweetness but not too much. We ate all of it even though we were full beyond belief. Total damage for this feast, including 4 cocktails, was about $150 before tax and tip. You could get it under $100 easily by restraining yourself a bit more than we did, so this place is worth checking out even for a normal date night. Atmosphere is romantic and classy but somewhat casual- you wouldn't feel super out of place in jeans, but the Flyers jersey is probably pushing it. The place is TINY (although not super loud even though it was crowded) and the kitchen is open, so it gets a bit fragrant. Leave your furs at home unless you fancy some expensive dry cleaning bills. Service was very attentive from start to finish. No small detail was missed. Can't wait to return!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,5/13/2013,169,704,10,5,4>I don't need to say much about this place.  Everyone else has said it already.  But I just had my first visit here last Saturday, after a night that included Dim Sum Garden and Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodles (don't act like you're not impressed with this).  And one $9 chocolate malted milkshake later....Remember when the $5 shake was a big deal in Pulp Fiction at Jackrabbit Slim's?  Remember the incredulous reaction Travolta had when he said, "That's milk and ice cream... that's $5?"  But when he tried it... "God damn, that's a pretty f**kin good milkshake!"  Yeah, that says it.  It's just milk and ice cream in the end (and some malt in my case, and I'm sure some syrup).  But man, they came up with a rich chocolate taste in this that knocked my socks off!  I can't describe it.  Has to be tasted to be believed.  In the end, I'll probably stick with my $5.50 milkshakes at Nifty Fifty's which is closer to me.  But the shake here is every bit as good as anything I've ever had.  If you don't like these milkshakes, then you just don't like ice cream, and you probably don't like America, or puppies, or your grandmother.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/12/2013,143,288,3,7,5>Even though getting to work in Conshohocken on 76 makes me want to drive my car into the Schuylkill River, I have been very thankful for the lunch options that are walkable from my office.  But after one too many visits to the Great American Pub, my coworkers and I walked a bit further up the hill to the Conshohocken Cafe to try something new.  We were not disappointed.7 of us went to lunch on a Friday around 12:45 and were glad to find that the Conshohocken Cafe could accomodate our large group.  The first thing I noticed were that the prices of each dish were very reasonable- very few, if any items are over $10.  And the offerings- salads, sandwiches, burgers- are perfect for a group of people with varied tastes.  I ordered the Bruhama (or something like that) which was a chicken salad sandwich with apples, cheddar, and bacon.  I thought the bread was a bit tough, which made the sandwich a little difficult to eat, but it was very tasty nonetheless.  And at $8.50 for a sandwich that I could only eat half of, it was a pretty good deal.  Some other Yelp reviews have noted slow service.  I did not experience that myself, even though pretty much every table in the place was filled.  I will definitely be checking out Conshohocken Cafe again one day soon.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/11/2013,106,147,7,8,5>All I can say is WOW!Finally I got to try Cambodian food in Philly that is authentic, down to earth, BYOB and really affordable!!The portions are huge, the service is delightful, the BYOB option is awesome.Once I took a bite out of my beef dish, I decided that I needed to come back to this place ASAP!The food does come out slower than a chain restaurant, but that's because they are actually cooking it from scratch and not defrosting food like they do at Olive Garden!My favorites are: the meatball skewers, the 10 ounce cambodian steak strips, the curry casserole.Tips: CASH ONLY, don't drive your luxury car here since the neighborhood isn't the best
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/10/2013,17,94,35,6,3>THIS PLACE SUCKS! Here's why....You walk in hungry. You pay around $10 for a freshly made burger and fries swimming in a cheese sauce and after you're done, you want more!So, you walk back up to the counter, mouth glistening with awesome burger grease and order another. You sit down and you enjoy that scrumptious made to order burger with egg, bacon, and fried onions on top. All done.You go home and you're fat. You're fat and your wife leaves you because you've been out all night eating these awesome burgers. Don't go here unless you want burgers so good your wife leaves you.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,5/9/2013,92,160,12,13,7>In the summer of '08 I was 25 living the bachelor life and business was good... very good. That's when God thew me a Cole Hammel-esque change up and on a boozy night in Manayunk I met boo... I didn't come quietly, quite the opposite in fact but she wore me out and a few months after that chance encounter she locked me up. 25 and already out of the game, I felt like Kijana Carter. What followed was a whirlwind of four years of blood, sweat, and beers culminating in a decision about six months ago to take things to the next level...Flyers season tickets!! Actually that plan had to be put on the back burner as I had decided I wanted to marry boo and would need a ring to propose. All knew was that she wanted a custom ring that no one else had and it had to be vintage. Hmmmm, okkkkk this is going to be tough (in her defense I don't think she ever thought this was possible, just things she would say as a joke). Yelp led me to Marchi and from the past reviews I felt ok going in and saying " know nothing at all about how to do this can we talk". Meeting one: I told John what she wanted and asked if it was possible. He showed me some other designs he had done and sketched out a quick mock-up of what we could do. It looked pretty good so we looked at some diamonds and I picked out the one we felt looked best.Meeting two: I brought my mom in for a female prospective, we discussed some more of the details with the design, did a little more sketching and boom, there it was, a drawing of the perfect ring! John gave me a quote that was extremely reasonable considering the work and the diamond.  Then with mom's stamp of approval I put down the deposit and and production began!Meeting three: I picked the ring up on a Friday night three and a half weeks later and the ring turned out better than I could ever have imagined. There it was, a one of a kind art deco vintage engagement ring.I popped the question the following day and she couldn't believe it.... literally. She didn't give me an answer she just kept saying "are you serious" ten times. But eventually she said yes and the ring was perfect and I am recommending any friend that is looking to get engaged over to Marchi. It's a rare can't miss.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,5/8/2013,117,151,4,7,6>Perfect for special occasion (read: $$$$).  Candle-lit, chic black chairs and thick oak tables, well-dressed waiters and diners make for an intimate ambiance and upscale experience.  The focus here is tapas and wines (obvi), but feasts include a whole pig roast, lobster paella, and special occasion pre fixes.   I recommend splitting a pitcher of the white sangria, and adorning it with pulpo, mussels, and an ensalada verde (as large as an upside-down cereal bowl).   It's Garces, so good cheeses and meats as well.  If you are into that .
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,9/13/2007,100,447,4,4,4>Since I am a lover of all things having to do with cooking and food, this place was heaven to me. It kind of reminded me of a place that would be in Diagon Alley (yes I am a Harry Potter fan... and what?! I have no shame in my game). The assortment of pots, pans, spices and flavorings were a delight to my soul. Yes... my soul.I bought a bottle of pure vanilla for $4! So cheap! Plus they had flavorings that I never knew existed: pineapple and peach brandy, for example. I could not contain my excitement. This is a great place to go if you want to avoid commercialized places like Bed, Bath and Beyond and Kitchen Kapers.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,9/12/2007,39,194,2,4,5>3 words: KOBE BEEF SLIDERSi went here for a pre-dinner snack. i had my eye set on the prize. the kobe beef sliders. 2 for $15. pricey but worth every last penny. the sliders come out on this funky little plate that holds the two of them perfectly. one in each cup-like slot. my bf and i split them. one a piece. the slider was like the most perfect burger i've ever had. just in miniature form. it was this toasted bun with kobe beef (medium-rare), gruyere cheese, and carmelized onions. that's it! but OH MY WORD, it was so good. i ate a TON of food while in philly but this dish was by far my favorite. it just blew me away. i know it sounds ridiculous to fawn over a miniature burger, but you can't knock it til you try it. it's hands down, THE BEST!as for decor. at first i thought it was a bit too stiff for my liking. not as funky and fun as some of the other starr restaurants. but then i took a closer look and realized the brilliance of it all. when you first step in it looks very swank and pricey. lots of dark wood and such. but then you start noticing all the greenish-hued accents. the green chairs. and the green menus. and then you notice the library feel with all the shelves of books around you. and then you realize that this is one hip, swank, spot. the chandeliers are a nice touch as well. i have to say i was quite impressed. two very enthusiastic thumbs up and 5 brilliant stars!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/11/2007,423,725,2,2,2>Part 2 in my Fishtown review series, which I know, you've all been following with great interest.  a real page-turner, lol. ;-)  Went here with my cousins twice, the day we all got in and right before the wedding.  They had a GREAT breakfast burrito, tortilla nicely grilled, rice, black bean, egg, only thing that could have been better would be avocado.  Salsa was good, not very spicy though.Lattes and mochas were outstanding.  The backyard has a nice little funky brick patio and swings.  Very mellow place to hang out.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2007,9/10/2007,143,1301,11,5,6>This club makes me feel DIRTY. The music is too loud (I'm too old) but they play some great stuff on Sundays. Sunday is basically a bunch of dudes standing around watching amateur strippers. Hey $5 to get in and $3 lager is tons cheaper than any strip club worth your time! I found the two door guys in dire need of a sense of humor. They frisked my brother and I asked if they wanted to take turns frisking me or if they were into doing it at the same time. They decided to not touch me, this is usually the way my nights end up when I go out, so I'm used to it. Really, it's ok.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,9/9/2007,225,185,3,6,5>When I came to Philadelphia, I had to find a new place that would cut my hair and do it right.  Barbers and cheap salons can mess up your hair and leave you with a cut that will look terrible and grows in worse.American Male on 16th Street is fantastic.  I've had two different stylists cut my hair.  Both have delivered excellent haircuts which have grown in well (I normally go 6 weeks between haircuts).  They allow for 'clean ups' so you can go in after a week or two to get things trimmed.  No extra charge... but, leave a tip.What I like best is that I can request to cut my hair with 'scissors only'.  Many salons and barbers when they see a guy go straight for the electric trimmer.  Well, that's fine if you want a shaved head, but for everyone else that wants longer hair with... gasp... bangs, they'll accommodate your request.I think the best part of the whole experience is that you get free beer when you arrive.  The price for a haircut is relatively reasonable for a salon cut.  After what I was paying in Boston, this place is cheap (although, there rates did rise last time I was there).The interior is really cool too.  It is a reclaimed space with exposed wood panels and industrial lighting.  There are floor to ceiling windows which look down to the street.What's so special about this salon is that it is geared completely towards male clientele.  Therefore, there are no female customers and all stylists are female.  This is the kind of place that you can go to if you've always been uncomfortable about going to a salon because, hey, read the sign: "American Male". No Girls Allowed.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2007,9/8/2007,60,120,,3,4>Crispy, juicy fried chicken with a spicy kick - Delilah's lures me back for the same every single time. Fried chicken, mac n cheese, and greens. It may be north of the Mason Dixon, but Delilah's does an awesome job with classic Southern cuisine. The mac'n cheese is fabulous. Not dry and lumpy but rich and cheesy and smooth. The greens are good - nothing special -   but good. This restaurant in the middle of Reading Terminal has been around for a loooong time - it's no surprise why.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,9/7/2007,60,138,,3,7>Yes, I certainly have to admit that everything in this boutique - from the clothes to the accessories to the employees all around to the absolutely fantastic & wacky carnival-esque interior design is simply scrumptious.When you walk into Delicious Boutique you are certainly walking into one of the most interesting shopping opportunities in Philadelphia.  In Delicious you will find a variety of edgy, sexy, funky pieces like corset-like lace-up tanks/dresses, kitschy tees, &  lovely retro dresses.  There are tons of wonderful leather goods - fantastic belts (even garter belts!), handbags, jackets & cuffs. Of course one of the main attractions here are the amazing corsets.  You'll find corsets of various shapes & sizes, over-the-bust or under-the-bust, some more traditionally styled, some with outrageous applique designs, or if you have something unique in mind you can have one custom-made just for you (check out deliciouscorsets.com for more details), even with (from what I understand) various boning options - they carry a type of boning which has more flexibility than the traditional boning, but still does the cinching trick. If you're visiting the Northern Liberties I say Delicious is a stop that any funky fashionista should not pass by.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,9/6/2007,51,62,3,1,3>I would give this restaurant a 5 star, but the reasoning as to why they only received a 4 will come at the end of this review.  This restaurant has possibly the best peking duck in the city.  Matter of fact they DO have the best pecking duck in the city. [Read that again fast.  they do have the BEST..  PECKING..  DUCK..  get it? ok i'm corny.  read on ]  As far as this dish goes.  Sang Kee is the only restaurant that I know of that serves the duck with a side dish.   There soups are also very good.  They will serve your noodle soup with any poultry or bbq that is hanging in there window.  On a cold Philly evening, nothing beats a bowl of hot soup from this place.  Also try their eggplant in spicy garlic sauce.  SO YUMMY!  Ok the missing star.  It was a very cold winter night and we had just left the car show.  Figured we'd grab dinner.  Went to Sang Kee, had a great dinner.  At the end of dinner I went to pour myself some more tea, AND a pepper flake swam into my cup.  Yes a PEPPER FLAKE.  And NO Chinese teas do not have pepper flake in it for taste or garnish, so curious, I opened the lid of so called tea pot, and swimming inside were TWO fortune cookie fortunes.  YEA.  EEK.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2007,9/5/2007,75,117,1,3,2>this park is THE Park. You're able to run and picnic here no matter what time of the day it is! it's well taken care of and smack in the middle of downtown philly. did i forget to mention, it's greeeeaaat for people watching! great atmosphere!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,9/4/2007,46,165,3,5,6>I love this place.  CHEAP!  The food is great too!  Nice and greasy.I had thought Philly banned smoking from food establishments but this place is one of the few that does not honor it.  I love that seedy dive bar feel and atmosphere!  I seriously do like this place!!!If you want friendly chatter and an atmosphere.  Don't come here.  You are coming to a "dive" bar.  Come with that in mind and you are GOLDEN!I think this is my favorite DIVE bar nationwide!!!I gave it one less star only because I end up feeling sick afterwards!  Drunk and full with grease!   So I guess I should give them that star back?  Hmmm...I will come back to update my rating.  Maybe they will get that star! muhahahaha
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,11/16/2007,51,62,4,3,4>I used to be hooked on the Baltimore aquarium..  WHY?  no idea.  That placed SUCKS! compared to Adventure Aquarium.  I bought my daughter a passport here last fall, and we've definitely made good of it!  Everyone raves about the hippo tank and the penguins and they're are both great, but my favorite part.  Are the huge panoramic tank that can be viewed from various locations in the aquarium.  Especially the undersea wreck.  You walk in and it's dark folks, and they have all these huge tropical fishes.  It's so relaxing watching these fishes and the music they have playing.  My favorite?  The HUGE puffer fish.  SO CUTE!  All the videos they have playing that accompanies the tanks are cool too, but definitely check out the one on octopuses near the jelly fish tank.  MY GOD I did not know they did that!!  Wanna know what I'm talking about?  Come check out the aquarium!PLUS I do agree w/ one of the reviewers.  To come here.  *ahem* intoxicated.  And stare that the Jelly fish tank in the lower gallery after the hippos .  definitely interesting.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,11/15/2007,2,6,5,4,4>Ah, good old McGlinchey's.  Its funny that some people's negative crittiques of the place are its finest selling points.  The dark, the drab, the surly staff, the creepy washed up guy eyeballing you from across the bar... it may not be for everyone in every kind of mood but none the less its what I call ATMOSPHERE.  It is one of my favorie places to go w/ the crew to simply hang out and f-ing get ripped, w/o all the high priced "imagey" BS that often goes along w/ hitting the town.  Sadly, in the past few years it is this aspect that has made the joint a fashionable place for hipsters for whom this is "Hip".  On the plus side, unlike many other hipster dives, this is not the managements intent.  This spot is sand in your teeth pure Philly-Grit.On the topic of cheap drinks this place is IT.  The original owner actually put it into his will that McGlinchey's would only serve the cheapest drinks in town.  Be sure to cheers to his memory w/ a round of Jim Beam!My recommendation: this is a great place to take out-of-towners with a sense of humor.  They will get a true philly experience.  Or, bring your girl's snooty old sorority sister just to make her miserable.  Either way its a good time.  And don't forget to tip the staff... its not that they're angry people, they just don't like you... and that is what I love about McGlinchey's!!!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2007,11/14/2007,2,8,1,3,2>My wife and I caught Delilah's Throwdown appearance just prior to our trip to Philly, and being that we fancy ourselves connoisseurs of both fried chicken and mac n cheese, we had to venture forth.  Fantastic stuff! The chicken is top-notch, not quite as good as good as Roscoe's or M&Ms, but that's like saying that Nelson Mandela wasn't quite as benevolent as Mother Theresa and  Gandhi. But I digress...Our goal was to sample Delilah's much ballyhooed Mac N Cheese and it certainly lived up to the hype. Cheesy, creamy, delicious - everything we had hoped for. I wholeheartedly endorse Delilah's cooking, in fact, were I to participate in the Tour De France, Delilah would be prominently placed upon my jersey.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,11/13/2007,225,185,2,4,4>It appears that I am the first to review AirTran and -- gasp -- my experience was good.  I even got the AirTran credit card because you earn travel points faster than with traditional airline credit cards.AirTran has been a stellar discount airline for me over the past year traveling between Philadelphia and Boston.  Flights are cheap and -- for the most part -- leave on-time and arrive early.I flew AirTran 9 times in a period of 10 months and never personally experienced any troubles.  I flew on Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, Easter, and Labor Day (to name a few times) and never had a problem.I did learn that checking a bag was not the best idea as waiting in line to physically check it can be rather lengthy.  To save on cost, there aren't many people behind the ticket counter to physically put the label on your bag.  Solutions: Print your ticket at home and travel light.  Otherwise, get there early (1.5 hours) and wait in line.Another trick, when leaving Philadelphia, if you need to check a bag, do it in Terminal D, then walk over to Terminal C and do security check-in there.  That is the United Airways terminal and because the customers pay "real money" for their tickets, they get all the trimmings: full food court, Brooks Brothers and other clothing stores, rocking chairs, live music (sometimes).  Then take the moving floor back to terminal D and instantly you'll be thrust into the jungle of Southwest and AirTran customers waiting to get somewhere.Sadly, they will be discontinuing their scheduled flights between Boston and Philadelphia so I will be canceling my AirTran credit card and discontinuing use because prices are comparable on Delta which offer non-stop flights.When you travel on the cheap, you don't have reason to complain.  You get what you pay for.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2007,11/12/2007,60,138,,7,6>I have little experience with Passional outside of corset shopping so that is where my review will focus, suffice to say that they seem to have a nice selection of adult items including toys & latex outfits.If you're looking for a true corset this is one of the few stops you can make in Philadelphia.  They have a very wide selection of under & over the bust corsets & even some bustiers if you're not quite ready or interested in lacing your torso into a binding garment.  The corsets you'll find here are beautiful & of a very good quality & while I did mention there is a wide selection the style basically remains the same.  You have your damask variations much like what you'd find at a Renaissance Faire & you've also got some more clubby/fetish feeling PVC corsets.  Keep in mind thats not to say that there aren't any that stray from the norm (I found myself a chic lil number with large satin lapels).  As far as corsets & wearing them goes, the employees here really know their stuff.  They will help lace you into as many corsets as you wish in order to find one that fits you right.  You can feel confident that you won't be walking out with a corset that may look yummy, but isn't for your build causing the piece to be more uncomfortable than it needs to be.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2007,11/11/2007,149,221,,4,3>The most beautiful city park I've ever seen.  The gardening is tastefully done - not overdone with brightly colored flowers.  The vegetation is lush and the trees have been there for decades, giving the feeling you are in the backyard of an old mansion.  The trees also provide a lot of shade, which for pale-skinned people like me provides a happy refuge during summer.  I can sit in this garden park for hours.You cannot go to Philly without visiting this park!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2007,11/9/2007,28,181,,6,3>If I were a restaurant, I would be Vintage.  Very modern, but less trendy & more classy.  You can find exposed brick walls anywhere downtown, but where else will you find votives tucked into niches in those brick walls?  The painted walls glow in deep yellow and the floors glow in polished wood.  It's very warm in Vintage, which I love, and the experienced servers have personality.  Best of all, the ambient music rocks.Last night I tried the pate.  It's not my thing, but my dining partner said it was quite good.  I also went for the angus burger.  Calling it hearty is an understatement.  This is a substantial cut of peppered meat topped with some thick but lean slices of bacon and a roasted red pepper.  You've got your greens, some cheese, and a browned bun as well.  I ate half and had no room for dessert... that was a shame b/c the creme brulee and chocolate pot looked equally decadent and delicious.  Next time I'm coming for dessert & drinks.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,11/8/2007,81,121,,3,3>mmmm... such fond memories of sitting at the bar with my best friend, sipping Hot Apple Pie Toddies after exams or a long night of studying at Van Pelt library! I *heart* White Dog Cafe! It's a good place for a first date if you can get a seat at the bar, which you may have to wait for. It's a great place to catch up with a friend. It's also a great place to bring your mom during your first week of school. Solid food. (Hard to beat organic!) Good salads. Great drinks at the bar! I also enjoyed going by myself for a lunch salad outside on the front porch, to review a lecture before class.Dinner menu is expensive ($20+). Sitting at the bar grants you the right to choose from the dinner menu or the bar menu, which is cheaper and more fun. For dessert they offer many things including plates of cookies, small ($6) or large ($9). Each cookie is different and they're all homemade. Highly recommend!Be careful upon ordering the Kung Pow tofu. I have enormous spice endurance and had trouble after the 5th bite or so. It was made heavy on the chili sauce (a mistake perhaps?). Though I managed to eat most of it, I'd consider it a challenge!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,11/7/2007,69,303,,3,4>As a lifelong Phillies fan, I have loved my team through thick and thin, but I usually expect them to get my hopes up and then crush them at the end of the season.  However, the Phillies have been getting better and better over the last few seasons, and I had the privilege of going to today's game to witness not only Jimmy Rollins' 20th triple (to give him quadruple 20's) but also the Phillies win that clinched the division championship and a spot in the playoffs for the first time in 14 years.  As much as I loved (and still love) the guys from the 1993 team, I have to say, this Phillies lineup is the best we've had in a while.  With Jimmy Rollins, Ryan Howard, Chase Utley (my favorite), Aaron Rowand, Pat Burrell, and the rest of the boys (including up-and-comers Dobbs and Werth), the Phillies are primed to get to the World Series.As one of the oldest teams in the MLB with some of the most losses total over the course of the team's existence, it's nice to see the Phils doing so well this year.  They're a great team in a great city, no matter what season it is, no matter what their record.  But it's especially gratifying to watch them overtake the Mets this season.    Go Phillies!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2007,11/5/2007,97,108,2,4,2>Having recently turned 21, I haven't really had the chance to explore all that Philadelphia has to offer. That being said, one place I was told that I absolutely HAD to go to was Monk's. I'm going to go ahead and reiterate that it is ALWAYS busy. My friend and I went on a Sunday night around 8pm and there was still a wait for a table. We ended up eating at the front bar, which was perfectly fine. I've never been a huge beer fan and only just now started to explore Belgian beers. It was a bit overwhelming to look at that huge beer list because I was at a complete loss. I ended up just getting one of the beers on tap and it was reallllly good. The food is also pretty good. I had the Antwerp Chicken Sandwich and while it wasn't anything to brag about, the fries were SO GOOD. I'd go back there just for them. Be prepared to spend money, though. The beers are wicked expensive.All in all, it has a nice warm atmosphere, despite the slightly pretentious staff. Definitely go for the experience at least.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,4/1/2010,2055,3369,4,10,6>Well, at long last, I can scratch Le Bec Fin off my to-do list.  Finally, I was able to justify the expense...  My husband & I celebrated his birthday by attending Chef Georges Perrier's Chef's table last night.The main dining room is amazingly gorgeous.  What a place for a wedding or party!  We were seated in a slightly less glam area at the front of the house at a long table for 20.  (17 in all)Perrier is running a special all summer Mon. - Thurs.  (20 seats per night) a "pay what you wish" 5 course set menu.  If you can, ACT FAST and get in on it before August is over.The first course was the chilled pea soup from the regular menu.  Very good - but no way I would have ordered this in real life.  It was pluched with a dollop of almond ice cream which was heavenly.  (Made up for the fact that it's pea soup.)2nd course was a single seared scallop.  DH & I are not scallop lovers - in fact, DH won't touch 'em so he had a salade ennui (boring salad) in its place.  I forced myself to eat the scalop and it was, indeed, perfectly cooked and surprisingly good (for a scallop fan I bet they'd LOVE it.).3rd course was a slightly overcooked white fish called Limon (like a fluke or flounder).  I was looking so forward to this course and it was sauced with a lemon foam and plated over a few fava beans (yummy), chanterelles (a bit salty to my taste) and a tasteless hazlenut puree - the consistency and color of putty.4th course was the best (save for dessert which was REALLY the best.) - a rare hanger steak.  3 -4 morsels in a decadent bordelaise (or was it a red wine/demi glace reduction?).  The sauce was lick-the-plate worthy.And for dessert one of the BEST classic creme brulee.  Lightly laced with Gran Marnier and a crispy top.Service was very attentive UNTIL the end when we needed our check.  At about 9:45 PM nearly everyone (there were several waitstaff) disappeared.The Chef came out to our table prior to and during service and was collegial and utterly charming.  (Really.)  It helped that I speak un peu de francais and was seating next to a lovely, fluent, Belgian woman.  (Merci, Madame!)Will I return?  Oh yes - but not in a hurry.  I would simply like to sit in the bar downstairs and have desserts off that AMAZING dessert cart (not part of our meal, alas).  That opera cake has my name on it!Bien Fait!Oh - and don't laugh but I actually drank (again don't laugh) a Mojito with my meal (I know, I know - in a French restaurant) and it was GREAT.  And it was $10.  My husbands manhattan was $12.  They do not serve Veuve Cliquot - which was what I was jonesin' for.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,3/31/2010,39,253,8,10,8>Good Karma Cafe really deserves between 4 and 5 stars. I have lived in the same area of Philly for the last three years and I have to say that Good Karma is the only coffee shop that CONSISTENTLY puts out a good product (I include La Colombe in that statement as well). The people who work there are just absolutely phenomenally friendly and are genuine about customer service. I have even found that they are open on days when no one else seems to be (holidays, snow days, etc.). For me, this means that they recognize the addiction that is coffee and if they can avoid cutting someone off from their sweet nectar source for a day, they will (I get a little dramatic about caffeine). Really it's all about the coffee, right? Well Good Karma is, in my opinion, the only coffee shop in the neighborhood that has never left me disappointed with a visit. I'm willing to admit that in my earlier review I did not fully appreciate this lovely coffee shop.Oh and any store that allows my massive St. Bernard to stroll on in and sniff the place crazy without a blink of an eye is aces in my book!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2009,3/30/2010,162,210,9,16,9>I have to admit that even though I live four blocks from Hot Potato it took an overhaul of the menu and decor to get me in there.  Honestly before the addition of the blue trim and new sign I never really knew if it was open, it was sooo dark.  Now I think it might make it into my arsenal of restaurants.   So I schlepped my bottle of pinot grigio over there and met some friends for dinner, finally. The first impression is pretty great.  The place looks adorable, with a really lovely brown and green mix, an adorable waiting area that I'd like to see in my own house, cute sweet potato vine plants adorning the tables, quirky potato sack art, etc. etc.  One of my favorite foods is a baked potato, so the fact that the menu boasts five "loaded potatoes" definitely adds to my rating.  I partook in the "florentine" with a few modifications.  Yeah, I'm one of those annoying people that changes things on the menu.  Deal with it.  I added mushrooms and subtracted the onions and peppers leaving me with a giant baked potato sliced open and topped with mushrooms, spinach and parmesan cheese. It really was perfection so I don't feel bad about the pretentious modifications at all.   At first glance it looked quite beautiful but I was sort of shocked to see that it didn't come with any sort of sour cream or other dipping solution.  I also found it odd that the table only contained a "unique blend of spices" that resembled barbecue chip flavoring as opposed to the traditional salt and pepper.  I usually go overboard with the s&p. Sorry.  I was pleasantly surprised to taste that a. the potato was not dry at all and really needed no dipping solution and b. it was seasoned beautifully and I saved my health a bit by not adding a boatload of salt to my plate.  So thanks for that fine chefs.  I also ordered a side salad because only ordering a baked potato for dinner seemed immature to me, I don't know why.  I probably could've done without the salad.  It had a tad too much dressing and needed a maybe one more element.  It was pretty basic and small.  I'd pay another two bucks for a big salad, you know, with lots of stuff in it. I was also privy to the Fishtown Fries since my husband shared them with his mandate.  They were pretty tasty.  I was certainly enamored with the accompanying cheese sauce, that's for sure.  I might save up some calories and go splurge them on my very own order some day.  We'll see.  For dessert my husband and I shared a brownie a la mode, not listed on the menu but a special.  The brownie was one of the best I've ever had, seriously.  It was warm and the ice cream melted into it to create a lovely pairing.  I'm glad we opted for it since our dinner dates did not like either dessert they took home with them.  I would really love to see Hot Potato extend their hours, open for brunch and maybe start a specials board once they've established a better reputation.  I for one will definitely go back whenever I get a hankering for a baked potato but don't want to wait an hour plus to make it at home. Yup.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2009,3/29/2010,245,509,8,8,6>Ok. The lovely friendly cutiepies from Old Nelson need to play the boys from Food and Friends in a softball game. Number one my Old Nelson girlies would rough up some hipster boys. Number two I as referee would make the hipsters take some lessons from the Old Nelson gals. Old Nelson perk 1...the credit card min is 5 bucks not ten ( first of all this practice is illegal my roomie works for a bank...he tells me all the tricks) I'm thinking the cutiepies could give the hipsters stink eye until the cry and then switch their artfully crafted ten min signs to five on the spot.Old Nelson perk 2 they ALWAYS have tazo organic black tea without fail. Food and Friends only started carrying this AFTER I moved and are out of it half the time. Old Nelson will go in the fridge and find it for me if they have none showing! Old Nelson perk 3 they carry haribo sweets yeah so does food and friends, but i only buy it if i need to get up to a ten minimum....At Old Nelson I buy it because I want to bring my mom home some licorice not because I am threatened. Ever wonder why it's right by the checkout! Oh Food and Friends you think you are soooo smart.Old Nelson perk 4....yummy Boars Head Roast Beef Hoagie. For five bucks the thing is huge...easily 3 meals huge. I would not get a hoagie at Food and Friends unless you gave me a hundred dollars...in cash and a bottle of belgian lambic.Old Nelson perk 5....La Colombe coffee and a tart yogurt machine! I never get these two things there...but it's a comfort to know!Those girls are so damn nice. They say hi when you walk in and they are happy and stuff. The hipster boys....they are friendly when they want to be....the guy with the glasses and wavy hair is the sweetest but some of those guys think they're too cool for school.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2009,3/28/2010,223,241,4,5,5>Do you ever get the urge to take off all of your clothes and eat cupcakes?  No?  Really, never?  Um... oh, me neither, what a silly idea.Naked Chocolate Cafe is sinfully well-named, as the desserts are decadent and there is an abundance of chocolate.  I admittedly did not have any chocolate, but did enjoy a superb vanilla cupcake and a salad that left me scraping the bottom with my fork.  I saw other people order various chocolatey and whipped creamy desserts and I was eating my meal while planning future trips to Naked Chocolate.An added bonus are the comfy places to sit, the piano (not in use at the time, but nice for ambiance), and the outdoor area during the summer.Five stars.  Definitely.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/27/2010,115,317,9,7,13>Dave H. organized an outing here since I'd never had banh mi, and boy am I glad he introduced me to it! You can't beat a $3 tasty sandwich. I was not in a good mood when I arrived (navigating roosevelt blvd during rush hour in a new car isn't fun), but the staff accommodated my lateness and the food cheered me up. They did a great job of handling our large party, and let us stay beyond their 7pm closing time to finish our meal.[ I kept it simple and went with the #1, but I'd love to try the #2 charbroiled pork banh mi sometime. Unfortunately I'm near this area for lunch, and dread making the drive from KoP after work again... Cafe Saigon can you please relocate to a more convenient location for me?
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,3/25/2010,44,54,4,9,7>I'm a fan of Garces, so I anticipated today's opening with excitement.  It seems like he did it again--serving up delicious food in a clean, gorgeous space with exceptional customer service.  I only sampled some of the cheese and bought a latte, which didn't have a flavor option but was delicious nonetheless.  I love the ability one has to sample cheese and olive oil before you buy it.  It's also a great business strategy for the cashier to be located in the back corner, so you have to walk past cheese, olive oil, the take out menu and the baked goods before you finally check out.         The highlight of my experience was meeting Garces himself.  It blew my mind to see him in the space, and I couldn't help but say hello.  Despite that he was clearly training someone, I interrupted and congratulated him.  He was as gracious and friendly as I could have hoped.      It seems like Garces has a genuine interest to feed us well in Philadelphia.  For example, raw sugar was the only option to sweeten my latte.  No processed crap, no artificial flavorings....I appreciate it, Jose.  I reserve the fifth star for when I have lunch there and buy a bottle of wine for some special occasion.   Until then, I have a half pound of delicious Mahon cheese to hold me over!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,3/24/2010,162,226,11,11,10>My God, its full of win.Yet another installment in the "lets visit a place Andy has lived near and driven past a thousand times over three decades yet never entered" series, I found myself at Capone's a few times over the last month or so...I am furious at myself for wasting so much time/money/calories at far lesser bars just a stones throw away, as none of them have even a fraction of the awesome beer selection present at Capone's. DOGFISH HEAD 120 MINUTE IPA ON TAP. Lets see, shall I have the liquid gold, the virgin unicorn tears, or the 120 Minute IPA? The IPA, please. Obviously not something they will always have but they have it now...and unlike other places I've found it they don't have some douchey "2 glasses only" limit. But yes, many beers, and quality beers at that. On tap, or to go. You see, Capone's also has a take-out room in the back, which is just glorious. Delirium Tremens? Sold! Even though the take-out portion will be "closed" early, the friendly bartenders will go back with you, turn on the lights, and let you pick out whatever you want. You can enter this little slice of heaven directly from the left side of the building, if you so desire.I haven't had much of the food...seasoned fries were solid, as were the wings. Actually the wings were more than solid. They are more of the crispy, dry variety, not the super-saucy, endless-napkiny kind. I likes. Nothing on the menu really grabbed me, but I'll probably have a meal there at some point. There is a separate dining room for the full meal experience...its not strictly a bar.Service is very good, very old school. Go in and you'll see what I mean. Time stands still, in a way...a good way, as time stopped at Awesome O'Clock. They also have a jukebox...no, not vinyl, alas, but it is at least not one of those ripoff internet jukeboxes (more like jerk-boxes). Plenty of classic rock to be had which means I am happy.Capone's is the king of Blue Bell (and surrounding) bars. I would have to drive quite a distance to find something better, but even then it would be different-better, not better-better. Salud.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,3/23/2010,51,94,3,9,10>First off, I've been hearing Varga has been getting some beef about their "pin-ups" theme. Yes it may be a bit tacky but I realized now why it's called "Varga". It's named after Alberto Vargas, a famous pin-ups painter from his era. He lived quite a long life from 1896 to 1982 and has lived in the USA from 1916 living through a good great deal of American History. Wiki this guy, he's pretty awesome besides painting women in suggestive positions. He even did one of the covers for "The Cars" album a few years before his timely death. So no retirement for artists. YIPPY! Not to mention some of his works in 2003 were sold for more than he probably made most his life. Oh the irony!  So now you know why there are tacky pin-up girls up on that ceiling. It's not just to get horny business types or rich Penn jocks to get a bonus with their burger, which by the way was quite tasty! My friend had the lobster rigatoni in a white sauce and it had a great aroma. We sat outside, it was a pleasent October night ( Thank you Philly humidity! ) and normally I'm against outside seating taking up pavement for city dwellers who commute through but Varga is in a section of town unlike some Rittenhouse Park places that set up tables on both ends up the sidewalk, leaving a small walk-way, which is a pain in the ass to go through, but don't get me started on that. There beer selections were pretty fair too, it's no South Philly Taproom or Standard Tap or even Monks but they do justice for some of the more beer snobs. Varga may not be for everyone and the pin-up thing might not go well for some and I wouldn't call this a family spot either but for a good time around the Jewelry District it's worth a peek.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,3/22/2010,224,312,7,5,5>Holy guacamole!!! Hilary P. found this gem on her phone as we were leaving IKEA.  It was my first time at Azteca. and IKEA. and exactly what I needed!!We were seated immediately despite the fact there were zero parking spots in the lot.   The food was top notch, hot tortilla chips and two dipping sauces on the table before ordering gave me a good feeling about Azteca.  THEN, I noticed that this was where the local spanish speaking population goes for a nice meal!  When the food came Hilary's was so tender I could have cut it with a spoon, it tasted like it had been cooked for days!!  My chimichangas (two, shredded beef) were the perfect mix between mexican and deep fried tastiness.   I'm not sure if less cheese makes it more authentic, but I would have been alright with more cheese.PLUS there was a live 5 piece mariachi band!!In case you were wondering what exactly Hilary bought from IKEA... it was a nightstand, she got pissed off at it so I'm going to end up putting it together...
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/8/2014,80,149,2,9,4>Being both a history nerd AND a glutton for terrifying punishment, I decided to make my first ever visit to Laurel Hill via their Haunted History Tour.Our tour guide, while lacking spooky qualities, was in fact oozing with knowledge about the cemetery's rich history. If you've ever nearly gotten into a car accident while driving on 76 because you were distracted by the steep green hills, & enormous white monuments that go on forever across the Schuylkill--- you should really stop eyeballing the place so recklessly, and pay LHC a visit. (Be sure to say 'Hi' to Harry Kalas while you're there!) It's gorgeous, seemingly endless, spooky, and has a lot of interesting historical significance for Philly.I'll definitely be back in the daytime for a better look!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,1/7/2014,182,603,,7,7>So far so good. Nice wine list, average price around $8, with lots of different varietals. The whole draft wine concept is pretty awesome. I believe the bar and light fixtures are from Tria Wine Room in UC.  I really liked that spot and the vibe at Taproom is very similar.  The iPads are a fun way to choose your drink. You can see how much is left of each wine or beer.  Beer list is great too. Can't wait to try the food.  They have a full kitchen at this location.  Update: Have been back several times, and I'm still a fan, but it does get pretty busy during the week for dinner.  I tried the hummus in a jar with a side of pita.  It was really good.  Looking forward to using my Christmas gift card.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/6/2014,84,130,5,7,6>Kitchen Consigliere took over Knight's Cafe on Haddon Ave, moving from its previous location. Former wise guy, Angelo Lutz runs the large restaurant. Walls are painted with famous wise guys, tv characters like Anthony Soprano and features gun sconces. He went the distance with this idea. I first visited as a guest with a large group of people. The prix fixe menu gave options of tilapia in a lemon cream sauce and chicken Parmesan. I ordered the tilapia with veggies. The tilapia was cooked to perfection and the cream sauce was balanced, not too acidic and not too creamy. The experience alone, the atmosphere with Frank Sinatra music and beautiful view of Haddon Ave are worth the visit. Currently, Lutz is building his brand, in touch with representatives for a cooking show. He is also working on a cook book, he said."I'm not afraid of being in front of the camera," he joked. Visit. Anthony is a joy to visit with and the restaurant is perfect for date night.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/5/2014,232,522,9,9,4>I probably shouldn't be admitting this on a public website, but, well. Okay. Here goes.Well. Okay. Let's hold up a second. You see, I'm American, with a heritage of Irish and Italian roots. I studied abroad in Switzerland, and traveled to lots of Western Europe during that time, aside from England. The Brits.. I just haven't really paid attention to their food all that much, I suppose.Okay. Here goes, for real now:I didn't know chips were fries until Friday night at Victoria Freehouse.I know. Embarrassing. Hiding now.Moving on, this place is great! We arrived around 8 p.m. and had our pick of tables. I chose the chicken and chips, because I don't eat fish, and was surprised by how huge the portion turned out to be. It couldn't be finished. The "chips" (fries) were really good, too. Even if they weren't chips.My favorite part of the night was the Bramble, a blackberry gin cocktail. A definite must try. I'd go back just for that drink.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/4/2014,74,313,2,13,5>Realizing that It's been well over a year since my last review of Mossuto's Market and the fact that it is one of our favorite restaurants at the Jersey shore I'm happy to report that the kinks have been worked out.  Operations and service are now running like a well oiled machine.  Their food has never been in question and they continue to serve some of the best Italian dishes at the shore area dining scene.  Their pork chop milanese with arugula is the bomb.  It's about the size of Pittsburgh and that leafy green forest of arugula on top is sublime.  As far as the bar and the staff in a word "perfect" you don't get any better at the shore.  If you are into wine, some very nice southern Italian wines can be had for prices around $20 a bottle, which is a bargain.  If you like your beer - try a Peroni or Moretti Italian beers both on tap and ready for the guzzling.Bottom Line:  Go here and our favorite will become one of yours too.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,1/3/2014,71,177,4,9,7>For what it is, I give The Pub five stars. Great food, atmosphere is hilarious- I love it.  The Pub has been around for DECADES and they haven't changed anything which is actually very charming.  Gigantic portions and good drinks. Bakery on premise, traditional salad bars and open cooking area. The dining room is enormous. Huge.  I'd guess that the capacity is 500. The Pub puts a nice big smile on my face!
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,1/2/2014,194,169,3,11,8>Why was this place so dead on a Friday night? I don't understand. Someone please explain this to me.Hubby and I had been craving Indian food for a while and have been previously disappointed  by most of the places in Philly, so we decided to check out Mood this past Friday. We arrived at around 7:30 and we were the only ones in the restaurant. And it stayed that way. For the entire time we were there. I don't understand.OK, so the location is a little weird. Mood is located on the ground floor of a loft condo building, and it's BYOB. Personally, I think this location would do better with a liquor license, but I'm not complaining. The reason I'm so confused is the food is seriously the best Indian food I've had in this city. We ordered paneer pakora (basically Indian mozzarella sticks, served with mint chutney and a tamarind dipping sauce), samosa chaat (like a deconstructed samosa- think Indian nachos), lamb seekh kabob, tandoori chicken and some garlic naan. They also served us a healthy portion of jasmine rice on the side. The only thing I wasn't completely crazy about was the lamb. I don't know if it was as fresh as what I'm used to. But everything else was seriously spectacular. The naan was served super fresh and piping hot, the chicken was served perfectly tender, juicy and full of great flavor, and the paneer cooked to perfection. The samosa chaat was probably the most memorable for me just because I found it to be so well put together. I could seriously eat this every day and be happy. When I see a dish like that, it makes me sad to think there are so many Americans who don't eat Indian food because they don't think it's accessible. What is more accessible than mozzarella sticks, barbecued chicken and nachos?Bottom line: grab a bottle of wine and some friends and go to Mood. You will not be sorry.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,1/1/2014,91,220,6,9,5>Purely based on the food, and not the atmosphere and the bathrooms (shudder), its 5 stars hands down. For a place like this, you should really only consider the food when you're reviewing because you are in a basement Chinese supermarket after all. But if you HAVE to go to the bathroom like I did, bring toilet paper. Anyway, the place isn't as dingy and shady looking as people make it out to be, but then again, maybe Tasty Place owners spruced it up a bit when they started getting more customers. Going off of the a Yelper's advice, we ordered a plate of the Salt Baked Chicken Wings (the waitress finished saying the order for me, nodding in that way of "Oh yes, dahling, I know") and an item that was off the menu "Dai Pang Chow Mai" (thanks to Paul L!), which was thin stir fried noodles with eggs, squid, shrimp, and bits of barbeque pork. The food came out fairly quickly and both dishes hit the spot. Its going to be hard for me to order anything else next time because these two dishes were so good. The wings were perfectly crispy and just salty enough. I couldn't stop eating them. The Dai Pang Chow Mai was light and flavorful, sweet and tangy. The bill came out to $16.50 no tax which is quite alright in my book. Despite this place's cheesy name, they are right on the mark.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/31/2013,400,308,4,6,5>Lobster mania.Delicious chunky fresh sweet morsels of lobster are piled high on the toasted buttery buns that Luke's Lobsters serves.  For $15 you definitely get a quantity of lobster meat that you yourself could wrestle out of a steamed lobster - but that's the thing, you don't have to.  Luke's does it for you and tosses the whole fresh delicious pieces into their special blend and give it to you to savor. So friggin' good.  So summer.  (although you shouldn't save lobster consumption for just the summer months)It's price-y, but it's worth the treat -  Just try to keep your bites small so you can extend your time with the sandwich, instead of devouring it in four or five bites, which I've admittedly done.The three different sandwich combo (crab, shrimp, lobster) is okay, but both the crab and shrimp do not even come close to the namesake lobster that they make here.  Crab is super flaky, bland and the shrimp are one better, but don't hold a candle to the lobstah, baby.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,12/30/2013,361,266,10,11,5>Top 5 reasons I knew this yoga place had me hooked...1. I'm now the Duchess, bc I went 6 times in my intro 10 days (that's under $3.50 a class!)2. I tried to get everyone to go with me (and succeeded with 1!).3. I found myself starting conversations with "last night, at yoga..." and "my yoga instructor said this [super zen and inspirational and motivational mantra that got me through my first week of work]..."4. I planned my work day/social life around leaving early enough to go/turned down dinner/happy hour to make it to class.5. I successfully went before work and *actually* woke up at 5:30 to go...it's really dark at 6am.This is an awesome (very) little studio that will kick your butt and leave you looking like you just went swimming. Do you have a friend who doesn't think yoga can be a work out or make you sweat? Make a bet, bring them here, and collect $$.Warning: I would NOT recommend the regular classes for beginners: You should be familiar with yoga poses because they are going to be talking fast and not really explaining poses. However, the basics class is really basic and I absolutely would recommend that. My other complaint is that I wish they offered more classes and that it was a little bigger, because updogging to some dude's feet inches from your face is less than pleasant.Here's how class will likely go: This place is hot. No literally, there are heaters and you will sweat as soon as you walk in. Then they will make you do a million sun salutations and you will be a sweaty mess and then they will ask you to do an arm balance/inversion and you'll be like "Whhhaaa?! How?! But...my mat/body are so slippery..." Then they will make you do abs and you will be like that FFFUUU meme and think hateful unyogi thoughts. Then they will let you lay in corpse pose and you will love life. And you will continue to love life as you leave and go about your day/night.Then you will tell all your friends how awesome this place is.I really really liked Jan and Kristin's classes. The other instructors were good too, but I didn't get the sense of community and friendliness I've gotten at other studios (Maha).SPARKNOTES: If you're trying to choose a studio, definitely try this one out (intro $20 10 days is awesome) especially if you can make the schedule work for you, can handle heat, have easy access to laundry to wash your stanky clothes, and have some sort of yoga base.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,7/3/2008,51,94,13,12,9>Give me a V!Give me a I!Give me a A!What does that spell?Hipsters on bicycles!!!!(just kidding)I know I'm bitter but who isn't if you were born in the City of Brothery Lard?But VIA is much more then just the trendy bike store. The owner could be a Vauldeville Showman complete with early 20th century mustache and sporting a over-sized circus-cycle which you can catch him riding down South Street at certain times of the day. He and his motley crew of young "bike messenger-like" experts know their stuff. Though yes the wait can be tough especially summers and weekends, expect that. Philly's bike scene has increased 100% over the past years. Critical Mass is a good example, the once a month bike marathon, crowding the streets starting at City Hall. It's just a fun, cheap and afforable way to travel. Now with gas prices sky-rocketing expect bikes to get as over-populated as the "Hong Kong" rush hour. Take it you're not going to get a new bike, that's not their style. They sell and purchase used bikes and bike-parts. Infact last summer I bought a bike made from many parts they collected over time. It's kind of cool and it's a bang for your buck. So if you wanna impress a cute "bike messenger" at Love or Rittenhouse Sq. parks or just ride an awesome "Schwinn" circa "Ye Olde Days" this is it! Oh the inside looks something right out of the bookstore from "The Neverending Story" but if the movie took place with a bike store and the boy is curious about a bike the store-keeper says "Is not for sale." Of course the boy "borrows" the bike and goes to "Cycle-tasia".Ok, ok I'll stop. Overkill.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,7/2/2008,62,38,8,5,6>A great place to grab lunch if you work in Center City.  You can pick from several different pre-made pitas or just start from scratch and build your own. I've heard the buffalo chicken sauce described as "addicting as crack"... but the white tsatsiki sauce is my favorite.  But even after going there about a dozen times I still can't pronounce it right.. "tess-teek-ee?"  The guys behind the counter get the drift. And I especially like that they kept serving tomatoes through the scare, and when I interrogated them about it, they replied, "we washed them extra good." Perfect.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2008,7/1/2008,64,123,7,5,5>well for being 100% straight I have been spending way to much time in gay clubs/bars lately- then again I dj at Pure and I am friends with the mayor of the gayborhood aka the manager of Pure, Woodys, Bump and god knows what else. Anyway I was at Alma having some drinks last night and my friend joined me who is a bartender at Stir and she was yelling at me to come in. So I headed over with the manager of Pure and it was definitely a nice surprise. One of those "if you dont know where it is you will never find it" type places. The lay out is very cool - bars at either end with a long wide hallway in between. I met one of the owners and she was amazingly nice. The shot girl was feeding me something that was tasty and my friend bartending made me some insanely strong drinks. There was a good mix of people in there last night gay. straight, whatever - defintely a fun time. I was told I was cute several times though...ha I guess thats a compliment althought I like my girls to actually be girls. Call me crazy...Anyway def recommend stopping by a great addition to rittenhouse
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,6/30/2008,22,65,2,10,8>Lost and Found is nice to my wallet, and good for my soul. It is a little disheartening to go to store after store that has great stuff at insane prices. Lost and found has nice stuff and decent (not bargain by any means, but more in my allowable clothing range than most) prices, which makes the experience all the better. I bought my winter coat here, and i love it. They have stylish clothing, shoes, and jewelry that look good on normal people. Staff is friendly but not overbearing. I would recommend to anyone guys and gals alike.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,6/29/2008,58,61,8,9,13>Ok why isn't everyone going here? Maybe because like me, you are thinking a great restaurant at the Rittenhouse is going to be fancy and stuffy and I'm looking at you Le Bec Fin..., yes... kind of boring. This was the most laid back, fun and romantic brunch in the city. The staff was fun and friendly and we spent the afternoon there with no sense of being rushed, in fact I felt bad we we finally left that we were letting them down. We were seated at a great table with a view of the park. It made me wish C and I weren't married, just so I could propose to her again.The brunch is buffet style, but this is not "old country" - the food is straight out of Iron Chef. I started with some delicious hors devours  of quail egg, escargot and an octopus and melon cocktail. The raw bar is great and there are delicious oysters (nice for your romantic arsenal).The main courses are served from the kitchen, which really helps to break that formality down. There are insane choices, I can't remember all the entrees, but the my two favorite items were the bruschetta with lobster hollandaise and heirloom tomatoes, and the scallop sausage.While in the kitchen we met the chef, sous chef and some of the other cooks. They were chill and very fun to get to know. I do like to get to know who are cooking and let them know how much I appreciate there hard work.Then the desserts... oh man. I usually go more for the savory, but the subtleness of the choice challenged and thrilled my taste buds. My favorites were the rice pudding, orange creme d'pot and chocolate basil dish. I had to check myself as not to just take a running dive in the chocolate fountain. Oh yeah, I said chocolate fountain.We really felt like were left all our hassles and day to day concerns behind and could spend time enjoying each other. When you need a special place to be with people you love, or even like a lot, go to Lacroix and let them indulge you.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/13/2008,6/28/2008,17,78,10,8,8>Okay, look....I know I'm ...older and should probably do most of my clothing shopping at some place like Ann Taylor (yawn) or gulp, Talbots, if I want to truly fit into my neighborhood but God damn it, those places make me so bored I would rather watch paint dry.That's why, when Urban Outfitters opened in MY NEIGHBORHOOD I kind of cried a little. Ah yes, there can be hope in the suburbs.So I like going there. I can't wear eveything there but I still find ome really great, stylish pieces that are okay even for mothers of four. Actually one of my best purchases is a tank top that gets washed again and again and still hold up and looks great. The staff is very pleasant. Even the young dudes who work there smile and say thank you. That's refreshing. Thank you Urban Outfitters for being brave enough to open two doors down from Lily Pultizer.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,6/26/2008,49,59,9,10,10>I went to this place without even realizing that I went to this place.  My 2nd time there I was like, yah, so, I heard about this place called Good Dogs with awesome fries/burgers/everything.  Friend looks at me kinda weird and was like "um..funny, i like that place too."  Then I suggested that we go there next.  It was only after two more rounds that he told me we were chilling at Good Dogs already.  Alright, story aside.  THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  People are nice, servers will sing with you, bartenders are cool and food is great : ) They have a coupon on restaurant.com as well, so check it out.  I really wish that I could have a Good Dog Burger right now.  Prices were decent and you should check out my picture of the bowl o' fries which were SWEET POTATO and regular fries.  I love sweet potato fries - can we have food group just for fries and sweet potato fries?  I feel as if they are both important parts of our diets.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,6/25/2008,27,221,5,6,5>I will have to admit that their chicken parm was really, really good.  In fact, just thinking about it made me notch the stars up to 5.  Again, this place suffers from smallsignitis.  I'm not sure if there's a shortage of sign makers in this town but a 8.5 x 11" flyer is not a menu.  I thought that a white board above the oven was the menu until afterwards, while waiting for my sandwich, did I realize that the piece of paper taped to the refrigerator was the complete menu.  Regardless, the food was outstanding.  Truly a mom and pop operation.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,6/24/2008,41,85,6,13,12>Is too much of your salary feeding your craving for expensive, imported clove cigarettes?  Hop on your bicycles/public transportation of choice and head down to Cafe Pendawa.  No, it isn't really a cafe... it's much more of an Indonesian bodega.  Cafe Pendawa is definitely a hot spot right now for the Indonesian community in Philly, and it is a warm, welcoming hub.  In addition to their stock of kretek (clove cigs), they carry inexpensive spices, tempeh (so you don't have to buy the bizarre multi-grain or vegetable "tempeh" from whole foods anymore), a vast array of prepared Indo dishes in take-away containers, yummy sweets (like Terang Bulan, a kind of fried, pancake sandwich with condensed milk, chocolate, peanuts, and/or cheese inside! yummy), low-priced phone cards, and all the Jamu (herbal tonic/pills) you could possibly need, including a few for interesting sexual ailments.  But if for nothing else, the sweet sweet Kretek... how can you not love a  cigarette with an onomatopoetic name that was also originally intended to cure lung ailments!?
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,6/23/2008,9,20,1,12,10>I only gave the place 4 stars because it was my first time going.  I will see how the next few session go before making a final judgment.  But so far it was great.   From the time, Brie (the owner/head instructor) returned my phone call, I knew that I would like her energy and enthusiasm.   But now I can honestly say-Brie is my hero. I didn't know what to expect so I didn't have any particular thoughts before arriving.  I walked in and saw several stations with different types of equipment.  My only thought was-"She doesn't really expect me to be able to use any of this."  .  So I admit it   I was nervous, embarrassed, and thought about running out of there before my session started. But Danielle (the receptionist) was good because she answered my questions and checked on my while I waited.  She also was very positive and friendly.So I decided to stay.  .Brie was great.   She kept talking to me and encouraging me through out the session.   I worked as hard if not harder than I do when I do cardio at the gym.  But it was better.  My back felt good at the end.  The other people there were good too.  They mention not to laugh even though one of them was a dancer.  In any case, it was excellent.  Brie was great.  She didn't even seem to mind my buckets of sweat.   Thanks for recommending it Paige and Anthony.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,12/26/2011,134,241,2,7,3>I read and heard too many great reviews, and this place is just down the street, so we stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to see what all the fuss is about.  Well, the fuss is all about a great buffet, simple as that.  It's a clean, well organized space, with a pleasant decor (simple tables, easy to navigate to the buffet, slim vases of silk flowers on the tables, murals on the walls, hanging lamps and a few ceiling fans.)  Service was spot-on -- our server took our drink order and immediately sent us to the buffet.  We eyed the offerings and decided to try just about everything.  There were samosas, several salad and veg options, 2 or 3 chicken dishes, a few fish options and a goat curry.  When we returned to the table, we had our drinks and our server was bringing out a basket of piping hot crispy naan. My favorite offerings ended up being the chicken tikka (crazy tender), the chickpeas and lentils, and the pakora.  But there was not a miss on the entire table (though my husband found the samosas a bit salty.)  Servers were always available for any questions you might have, and to add a bit of spice if you like it very hot.  Plates were cleared immediately, and seconds and thirds were encouraged (urp.)  But do yourself a favor and save room for the gulab jamun -- it's exceptional!      I'm thrilled to have a new indian buffet so close to home, and I plan on doing my part to keep the place in business.  Get the word out -- this one is a winner.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,12/25/2011,308,271,1,6,4>I'd give this place 5 stars if I weren't afraid that if their rating gets too high on Yelp I won't be able to wander in and get a table anytime I want.  It's my secret neighborhood place with all of the great things that entails: relaxed atmosphere that isn't contrived, a blessed refuge from top-40 pop music raping the eardrums whilst eating, really stiff drinks even if you don't know the bartender, and the price is always right.  Oh, and did I mention that the food you're washing down with those drinks is incredible and also affordable?Went here for dinner on Friday night with my boyfriend and my brother.  E and I had been here a number of times but it had been at least a year and I had a hankering for some good rice and beans.  We got there around 7:30 and didn't need to wait for a table.  Ordered up a pitcher of mojitos that arrived in short order and daaaang there was some rum in there.  So delicious.  We split the plato mixto appetizer plate, which is definitely a bargain for the amount of food you get but oh boy, don't order unless you have at least 3 hungry people.  Everything was pretty great with two nitpicks:  the beef enchiladas should have had some chopped olive to make them truly authentic (E's mom and grandmother are from Cuba, boy knows his Cuban food), and the fried pork was tough and chewy, the pork belly needed a bit more stewing before they fried it.  The crab enchiladas and chorizo with arepas (make yourself a tasty tiny sandwich from this heavnliness) were the highlights of the app plate.  The entrees here are absurdly cheap, primarily $15-17, and come not only with the assorted sides described on the menu but also a seperate plate of rice and beans.  LOVE.  I got the shredded pork, which was really tasty but could have used a tiny bit more of the braising liquid on the plate.  E got the fried beef, which was also great, a side of yuccathat came out piping hot, and my brother got the ribeye which was enormous.  Everyone really enjoyed their food, no complaints, and there were a TON of leftovers.  I think the total damage was around $125 for a pitcher of mojitos, apps, and entrees.I'm not waiting another year to come back here, that's for sure.P.s. If this place sold its sweet corn tamales on their own I'd buy them by the hundreds.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,12/24/2011,314,288,7,4,3>Another wonderful evening at Dmitri's. Due to the ambiance and size of the restaurant, NoLibs officially is my favorite Dmitri's location. In addition to all the usual suspects, I was able to experience something new tonight- the shrimp scampi. My brother, lover of all things shrimp, declared it "the best I've ever had."Cue Drake, "Best I Ever Had."Scampi, you my everything, you all I ever wantedWe can do it real big, tastier than you ever done itYou be up on everything, other fish ain't never on itI want this forever, I swear I can dip whatever in itOrange almond cake, brought out with a candle for my mother's birthday, was also pretty good. Real whipped cream made it special, but I couldn't help but notice the almonds on top. Slivered and toasted, I recognized them as soon as the plate hit the table: my favorite Trader Joe's staple, I put those lil almonds on everything!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,12/23/2011,151,303,3,4,4>The TLA is literally a stone's throw from my apartment. Seriously, if I channel myself circa my softball playing days, I could toss a stone in the air and let a north-west breeze carry it the rest of the way. So bonus points for being so close by, but that doesn't really influence this review, it just means it's easy for me to go there a lot. The TLA makes every show feel small to me. Sometimes I feel like I'm in a dream state, getting so up close & personal. They pull in the best bands -- Band of Horses, Middle Brother, local fave The Great Unknown, etc etc etc. The acoustics aren't consistent - I'm not sure who's to blame for that. I don't like to be distracted by the ringing in my ears. Drinks are what you'd expect to pay, I guess, but the large beer is at least slightly more economical.My only issue with the TLA is that their camera policy is wack. If it says "no flash photography" on the ticket, I'm not bringing my camera. Otherwise, I AM bringing my camera, and I hate being told that my particular camera is not allowed, and then when I get inside everyone & their uncle has cameras (not just camera phones). Other times, my camera is welcomed with open arms. The good thing -- if my camera is prohibited, I can run it home and be back in 10 minutes.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,12/22/2011,48,198,12,10,9>a true philly gem. since my last review about a year ago, i've been here five or six times -- and in the process have devised the perfect meal. here (you can thank me later):to start, spicy crispy cucumbers and dan dan noodles. you probably won't finish them, but you will be the envy of all of your coworkers when you bring leftovers for lunch tomorrow. (*note to vegetarians: although it's not on the menu, they will make a meatless version of the dan dans for you upon request.)for your main, the fish dry pot. it's an intimidating 10 on the spiciness scale -- but you're dining at han, which means you brought your balls, right? just man up and order it. i've never tasted anything like it and can't really explain it, so you really have no choice but to find out for yourself what makes it so incredible.this place is not for snooty types -- the mission is quality food, not ambiance. han often makes an effort to check in with guests, but he's not going to kiss your ass or anything. when i was here a few months ago, he noticed my seat was wet and jumped into it before i could sit down, shimmying from side to side. yes, the owner of the restaurant wiped my seat dry with his butt. classy? questionable. awesome? for sure.tip: HD has been BYO since its inception but is in the process of securing a liquor license, which will likely happen by the end of this summer.i will be back -- again and again.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/21/2011,84,382,4,7,5>I'm pretty sure that I am still full from brunch here yesterday. Nope, change that. DEFINITELY still full. We've been wanting to try brunch here every since we heard about it. Several months ago we saw a half off gift certificate for Lacroix online and after verifying it would apply to brunch, purchased it. Fast forward to October when I attempted to get a reservation here. And I did. For December. I have to say that it was worth every penny of the $59 per person price tag. It's not an every day brunch. This is a gastronomical endurance exercise. Everything is bite size, which is both lovely and deceptive. A large table of "appetizers" (too many to name, but our favorites were definite the macaroons, and the waffle/fried chicken panzanella), and a raw bar (sushi, oysters, smoked fish, shrimp) are first. The main entrees are in the kitchen, which is unique. I can't describe the amount of food in here (my favorite was the gnocchi with escargot). But everything we had was lovely and perfectly cooked. And finally, the desserts: a table of small bite size treats (like lemon cheesecake), and the absolutely fabulous chocolate fountains (mango marshmallows to dip!). There was also a liquid nitrogen station. Fascinating to watch, delicious to eat (the flavor that day was mint chip). We didn't get to try the belgian waffles, the fruit tray, or the breads (muffins, bagels, etc.). No wonder people become regulars! Service is top notch. If they were aware we had a gift card, they didn't show it. Attentive servers, plates whisked quickly away, friendly, and professional. It's worth noting that bottles of wine are half price on Sundays. We couldn't manage to drink anything but water, but if you're not as ambitious with the buffet as we were, it's a great deal.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2011,12/20/2011,36,47,13,3,4>"Cafuné" is a Brazilian Portuguese word meaning "The act of tenderly running one's fingers through someone's hair."The first time I was at Oscar's, there was a man sitting at the bar with what can only be described as televangelist hair (indypendent.org/wp-conte). My friend dared herself to pull a cafuné, because that's how she rolls. So she sidled up to the bar, introduced herself, confessed a desire to stroke that silky mane, and was given the go-ahead. Hilarity ensued.Oscar's is a glorious dive where you can drink cheaply and get your cafuné on. Enjoy.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,12/18/2011,126,708,3,5,3>Wow. Review 400. How appropriate that I'm reviewing a bakery, and more specifically, their cupcakes.I love cupcakes - I bake cupcakes and have become the go-to baker amongst friends and family. And I love unique flavors like the ones I create. For my birthday, I asked that my bf pick up a few cupcakes from Betty's Speakeasy so that I could finally try them with him. Instead of "just a few," he got one of each flavor that they had on offer that day. Awesome bf or what?! He surprised me that night with the box, and after blowing out a cute candle I divided up the cupcakes to begin sampling. The only problem? He couldn't remember the names/flavors of each, so it took some guesswork on my part to identify them:An almond cupcake, possibly made with some beer, topped with apricot frosting was the first, and it had a nice, spongy crumb, with the perfect cake:frosting ratio. The strawberry cupcake had an intense strawberry flavor I wish I could replicate and was quite moist because of the fruit, with cute pink frosting on top. The blueberry one was my bf's least favorite; it was very dense, like poundcake, with a pronounced blueberry flavor. Then I tried what seemed like a spice cake, maybe with orange undertones, and cream cheese frosting which was DELICIOUS and moist. A mint chocolate cupcake had a very light crumb and chocolate flavor (sadly), but the frosting clearly used FRESH mint with mini chocolate chips on top. Quite refreshing. A chocolate fleur de sel caramel was my favorite of the bunch since the cupcake was dark chocolate, very moist and spongy, with light, fluffy caramel frosting with fleur de sel delicately sprinkled on top. It was the last one in the store, and at only just before noon on a Saturday! Then we ended the tasting with the cupcake that made me want to meet and become friends with the baker: the pancake cupcake. The cupcake may have been sweetened with maple syrup, but it was the really buttery frosting that created the precise effect of butter on top of a stack of pancakes. Reminds me of MY breakfast-inspired cupcake recipe - pancake-like cake, maple frosting, and (wait for it) caramelized bacon bits. Oh snap. But seriously, these cupcakes are good. Better (IMHO) than Philly Cupcake which is too preoccupied with looking good. Plus, the homemade aesthetic of Betty's is just so cute! And with awesome, unique flavors like these I am one happy (um, slightly heavier) customer! Now to try all of that FUDGE...
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,12/17/2011,110,202,5,5,7>Hmmm what can I say about The Abbaye that hasn't already been said? Oh yeah, GET THE VEGAN MEATBALL SUB! I've been going to this gastropub for years and have only recently tried it. Where have you been all my life?? I'm not vegan so I de-veganize it by adding provolone.  Tender (but not mushy) vegan meatballs, flavorful sauce, big crusty bun with melty cheese on top = fake meat sandwich perfection. The rest of the food at the Abbaye is pretty solid and the deliciously crispy vegan wings rival those of North Bowl.  Brunch is pretty good, although I feel like the biscuit/breakfast sandwich used to be bigger & better.  I'm also not a huge fan of their Bloody Mary (go to North 3rd for the best Bloody Mary in the hood).I'm sure everyone already knows about the great beer list and music/atmosphere. There's about a 50% chance that you'll be listening to The Smiths at the Abbaye. I think the Abbaye is kind of underrated compared to some other bars in the area, but it's definitely my favorite neighborhood hangout.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,12/16/2011,125,201,5,8,7>I think these guys have the best customer service of any company I've dealt with ever. They are unfailingly responsive and professional, and super nice and funny too. It's ridiculously easy to get in touch with them - give them a call, send an email, or use the automated online system when it's 11:30 at night and you just remembered your pooch will need a walk tomorrow (I do this a lot). All their policies and the billing system are crystal clear. My main minder and her occasional fill-in are affectionate and responsible with my pup, and their communication is great - they leave notes after every walk ("Today we went to the park and Lego found a big mushroom!"), and they always inform me well in advance when my regular walker is going to be away or anything else is going on.I am also impressed with the Minders' work with PAWS and their awesome shelter dog running program. A+ all around!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,6/22/2008,15,6,1,7,6>Fergie's is one of the few bars in this city where I would take my parents. Now, that isn't a bad thing, because it's also a good place for a plethroa of scenarios whether it's your first date with someone, or you're just looking for a nice place to chill out and relax (or maybe get completely tanked, but remember, be good about that. I might have my parents there with me and they don't need to see that) with your friends and that's why, even though I rarely venture out of W. Philly these days, it's up there as one of my favorite center city bars.In lieu of Chrissy R's post about the establishment not having a television, this is one of my favorite features about the bar. I find it very distracting when there is nothing but flashing media all around me. Sometimes you just want to go to a place where you can really just talk with whomever you're hanging with and some of my best (albeit tipsy) conversations have taken place over the tables at Fergie's. If you want a sport's bar, there are dozens of them all over the city. Fergie's is just an all around great place to eat and drink and talk. The bar itself isn't tiny, but it's not a place where you're going to find a huge DJ night booked (although, I have witnessed a few drunk people clumsily dance in front of the jukebox.) Essentially, it's exactly what it calls itself, a "pub."I'm always happy to be able to walk into a bar that has a great mixed crowd. You run into all sorts at Fergies; preps, hipsters, office drones (well, they're not so droney once they get a few drinks in them), college students, senior citizens bopping their head along to the great jukebox selection...really, I always have fun people watching here.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,6/21/2008,32,44,2,6,6>As a person with extremely thick, curly Jew hair, I have long struggled to find the perfect haircut and the stylist to do it for me.  I finally found the answer at Head Area.  I've gone to Nick twice now and they have been the best salon experiences ever.  The prices are very reasonable (kind of odd considering that it is housed in a really pricey boutique).  Stop reading this review and make an appointment RIGHT NOW.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,6/20/2008,8,13,3,7,6>Great for a healthy lunch on the go. I probably stop here about once a week. Lots of local and organic food, and finally they recycle, which is great considering all the places around here that DON'T! The salad choices are extensive and always fresh. And the paninis are full of cheezy gooey goodness. The petite girls behind the counters can be snooty, but all in all a high recommendation.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/19/2008,20,63,8,8,7>WOW.  I generally maintain that if it ain't meat, it ain't dinner.  But I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and gave the chicken cheese steak a chance.  I'm shocked at how great it was.  Brilliantly flavorful on a dee-licious sesame seed roll.  Plus it was HUGE!  My fear of walking away from a vegetarian joint hungry is officially assuaged.PS.  I don't know what that picture is all about, but Govinda's looks more like a corner diner.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,6/18/2008,38,42,9,19,12>i used to only take the chinatown bus to ny, but after it broke down twice and i ran out of spicy squid to eat and i finally made it to ny...oh about 3 1/2 hours later, i switched to greyhound, which when you book online is 20 bucks roundtrip. but, now, lo and behold, i have found a new ride. boltbus. it is a freakin $1! i thought this was too good to be true! but, as i boarded the bolt bus at 30th station, i was sooo blown away. the bus was new and CLEAN. free wi-fi on it too! how my macbook was happy! bathrooms clean. driver knew how to drive and well, which i can't always say for the chinatown bus drivers.the bolt bus drops you off either in chinatown or near penn station. the $1 fare doesn't include the 50 cent service charge. book online and ahead of time. no big whoop. anyways, when i arrived in ny, i was in such a good mood. i mean a clean ride, free wifi, and i was still in once piece. honestly, i thought for the $1 fare, i thought all of us on the bus were going to be sold into slavery or work in the mines. what the heck can a buck get you these days? i'll tell ya, one sweet ride to nyc. hell yeah.bolt bus is my new bff.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,6/16/2008,5,13,,8,7>My favorite sushi spot in town. the decor is bright and cheery, but the lights are dim, creating a great sushi atmosphere. as others have said, it's a tight fit most of the time. the reasons i love this place start with its location. it happens to be just around the corner from my apartment. but that's not all. they have a good selection of vegetarian sushi options, which works well for weirdos like me that like sushi but don't eat fish. the wait staff are friendly and helpful, and the chefs will make stuff not on the menu if you ask nicely (not common among locals). the prices are about average for a decent sushi place, though the vegetarian tempura is a little pricey, but i can't resist. it's my favorite. they put a spicy mayo on it that is just the right amount of zing for me. the menu has a huge variety of "fusion" options in addition to standard sushi fare. they've even added a vegetarian option to the fusion menu, which i like to think was the result of my continuous efforts to get them to expand their veggie options.In short, if you're in the neighborhood and like sushi, eat here.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,6/15/2008,21,68,6,6,7>death to false metal! and all that . i love metal and even if those chain stores could survive in philadelphia proper, they could never have a metal selection one tenth as good as relapse. if you just havent heard good metal in a long time, you should go, or if you're trying to reconnect with that brazen 16 year old you, who would turn it the fuck up just to piss somebody off, go and buy something your neighbors will hate, theyve been kind of a pain lately anyway, right? awesome new and used selection, videos, vinyl and shot glasses. the staff can be a little " metaler than thou" but otherwise this joint is perfect.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,6/14/2008,21,37,,6,5>This is my favorite bar in Philadelphia.It's dark.  It's not too crowded (except for Friday night after work...stay away).  And the drinks are giant and cheap for the most part.  Just watch out for getting Oscar'd, since the beers and shots are twice as big as usual.  You may leave wondering what's going on if you only had 4 beers and 2 shots.  It's a lot easier to do the math the next morning.I'm not so sure why most people on here seem kind of scared of the food.  Stopping at Oscar's after work for a beer and a burger is one of my guilty pleasures.  Anyone I've ever convinced to get a German Burger (provolone, sweet peppers and egg) has been hooked right away.  And if that's not your thing, they give you a steak and a half on any steak they have after 5 PM.  A side of fries is, like $1.75.  Which is my kind of price.Someone recently told me that Bill the bartender used to work over at Davio's and makes the best Manhattan in the city.  I've also seen him telling people that his wife told him not to buy anything else from crackheads.  He then promptly bought some stuff off a gentleman who fit this description.They are closed on Sundays, so don't try it.  Also, it's cash only and there's no ATM.  But there are plenty close by if you need to run out to get money / more money.  There's also a cigarette machine out of view in the back past the bathrooms if you need it.  It took me about a year and a half to realize it was there.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,6/12/2008,121,161,7,7,7>I had become a LUSH junkie after walking into one of the shops overseas in Holland almost ten years ago- and have been hooked ever since.Working in the Beauty industry myself, I couldn't control the feeling of utter Shopping Nirvana when I walked inside the new store on Walnut St. I didn't care if anyone helped me, talked to me, looked at me. I knew exactly what I wanted, and then managed to find some new things that I had to try as well.  I thought the staff were nice enough; but since the store was new, so were the employees, and I seemed to know a  lot more about their products than they did. I am sure that has all changed by now. I wouldn't know. I bought so much shit that I don't need to go back for quite some time. My favorite products are: Angels on Bare Skin, Buffy Body Butter, Ultimate Shine Solid Shampoo (great for travel), and Flying Fox shower gel- it smells so sexy!!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,6/11/2008,47,222,7,7,5>Shhhhhheeeeeeeeiiiittt.The place is black and graffiti. I love it. It has all the makings of a great small venue. I went for the Jang Night with Spank Rock and friends. Good B-more club banged out of their surprisingly awesome sound system. I also appreciated the projector. The bar portion was pretty rad too. They had your run of the mill hipster beers and a few good beers on tap. Also the prices were cheap. I'm talking liver damage cheap. I'll be back to shake it again Barbary. Thanks.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/7/2013,996,928,20,17,6>I go to Han Dynasty so often that it might as well be an addiction. I have tried every single item on that menu at least once. If you don't like Han Dynasty, it is because some ridiculous childhood trauma has rendered you soulless and dead inside.You can be assured that every dish I mention in this review is a favorite. Here's how to do Han Dynasty right, based on countless experiences with varying numbers of people at this restaurant-"The Lonely Man"(for one lonely, sad person)Dan Dan Noodles, dumplings in chili oil. You will have leftovers."The Basic"(for two people, probably a date early in the relationship)Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Three Cup Chicken - You will have leftovers."Company"(for three people, because your significant other has someone visiting from out of town and you want them to like you)Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Double cooked pork belly, Fried Taiwanese sausage."The Party"(for four people, because three folks from your work are tired of hearing about you rave about the restaurant and have demanded that you take them.)Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Cucumber, Dry Pepper Shrimp, Fish hot potAny party greater than 4 usually means that someone with Han Dynasty experience will be in the party and should know what the hell they are doing.The U.City location is larger and serves the food more quickly than any other location. Seriously, they are really fast here. I've eaten here and received my Dan Dan noodles and cucumbers before the drinks arrive. It is ridiculous.I've given so many stars to Han's restaurants on Yelp that this chain might as well be its own group of constellations. Google "han dynasty rap" for more of my shameless plugging of this restaurant.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/6/2013,97,271,1,7,5>We only just started coming here recently because the grocery store either stopped stocking or always seems to run out of sourdough, and also I didn't realize what a bread snob I am. The boyfriend and I wandered in today to replenish our bread supply and also tried out their artisan pizza slices for the first time. We just sat in the car in stunned silence, me with my spinach and ricotta, he with his pepperoni slice. We also picked up a tub of cookie dough and whipped up a small batch in the toaster oven for a snack. Amazing. Cinnamon rolls. Also amazing.The staff out front aren't especially effervescent, but you can see the bakers happily kneading away behind walls of bread, and that's enough for me.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,6/5/2013,52,162,3,8,8>I love this place so much! The experience is amazing. You really do feel like you're in on some kind of secret, and it's so much fun. We waited for about 10 minutes on a Friday night, and our experience was much like the other reviewers described. The owner greets you at the door, looking up and down the street as if he were afraid someone would see. He was wearing some pretty awesome glasses, and once we were inside, he explained the rules to us. No pictures, no phone calls, cash only. He made a joke about how our parents would be disappointed in us for coming here. "You should be partying in Las Vegas, not drinking cheap liquor at a dive bar." Once we actually entered the bar area, I was grinning ear to ear. The entire wall behind the bar was stacked with bottles of liquor, floor to ceiling. There were cute and quirky artwork all over the walls. The chairs were big and comfy. It was all just so... cool.The drinks are $12 each with a 2 drink minimum per person, which sounds annoying, but the drinks are truly delicious and quite strong. Two is really all you need if you want to be able to walk home. Everybody we talked to was warm and friendly.My friends and I had a great time here just bonding quietly over some drinks. It's a refreshing break from the places I typically frequent, where the experience is drinking watered down well drinks while people spill beer on your shoes. Hands down, the Hop Sing Laundromat is my favorite bar. I only wish my wallet could handle it more often!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,6/4/2013,185,301,,8,4>We stumbled into this place the other night since we had just missed the train, and it was just a couple blocks walking distance from the SEPTA stop! (Luckily, since it was about 20 degrees outside!)This place was the closest thing I've seen to my favorite hole-in-the-wall bar in Tennessee - since I moved to Philadelphia from Tennessee! It was Karaoke night, and the locals sure did pull out their vocal chords and turn on their dancing feet. We got a half-sized Victory Golden Monkey and a pint of Miller Lite for about $10 and just chilled here for an hour. The bartender was very welcoming and friendly, and chatted us up a bit. If I get stuck in East Falls once again, I know where I'll go.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/3/2013,150,257,5,8,6>Finally, a brick and mortar location for the Sweet Box truck!  I was able to try a bite of four different cupcakes that I grabbed to split  with a few girls at work.  We had the orange creamsicle, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, and strawberries and champagne.  Each one was delicious, but my favorite was by far the creamsicle.  It had the perfect balance of vanilla and orange flavor with neither becoming dominant at any point.  It also had the best cake texture, light and spongey, and the frosting was fluffy and perfectly sweetened.  I have had the strawberries and champagne cupcake from the truck before and remember loving it, however this time the cupcake was really dense and kind of dry, which I can only assume means it wasn't the freshest, but it was still very enjoyable.  In addition to the cupcakes I got, they had a few other flavors in stock, including one vegan option, and a cupcake that was flavored with beer!  The cupcakes are $3.50 each or 4 for $13, which is pretty on par with the pricing at other cupcake shops in the area.  With this not too far from my house, I can see that I'm going to have to spend extra time working out to make up for all the cupcakes I see in my future!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,6/2/2013,152,457,3,6,4>My favorite brunch place in the city.Everything I've had was great. Any Huevos Rancheros fan will have an epiphany here. The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes were light and fluffy, with the right amount of flavor (and I don't like lemon). The Cannoli French Toast is a bit too sweet for me, but complemented by La Colombe coffee.They have many vegetarians options and healthy options as well. The portions are right, and the food does not feel heavy or greasy.Only thing, the interior is spacious and industrial, and it tends to get a little chilly.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/1/2013,269,506,9,10,8>Parx is my go-to place for a night on the town when I don't want to contend with center city.  I love it here...they have everything you could want.  Plenty of table and video games, lots of bars, decent eating options, and a fun club.  The drinks aren't grossly overpriced like most casinos...$5 for a blue moon draft isn't terrible.  Club 360 is my favorite place in the greater Philadelphia area to shake my ass.  I love it in here! They usually have great cover bands and an all around great vibe.  The cover can be a little steep but it's always worth it.Allow me to map out a perfect night at Parx for you.  Dinner at Chickie's and Pete's, play a few table games, sit at the bar and play video poker whilst copping some free booze, party it up in 360, sober up with some Starbucks coffee at Foodies.  You're welcome!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,5/31/2013,140,94,1,14,9>Any place that serves you wine upon arriving is a winner in my book.I had scheduled a hair appointment at my normal place, but a friend mentioned that she was headed to Blo/Out later that afternoon, so I canceled my appointment and joined her to check it out for myself.The decor inside is so adorable! The entire place is pink and white.  Very girly atmosphere, and you feel super pampered the entire time you're there.  I also like how it's multiple floors, and staircases, so it feels like you're in someone's house.When I arrived, the receptionist offered me wine, and poured me sizable glass of merlot.   I was then escorted into the main room, where there are about 10 -12 chairs available for blowouts.  I put my stuff down, and then went upstairs to their shampoo room.  A very simple room, with approximately the same number of chairs.My girl did a great job on my hair! I have "challenging" hair (read: african-american), but she was able to get it done within an hour.  I got a lot of compliments on it when I left. My friend's hair looked great as well. All-in it cost me a little over $40.  Not too bad at all.Next time in the mood for a glass of wine...err to get my hair did, I'll definitely consider coming here!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/30/2013,228,165,2,4,4>This store is a gem.I'm so grateful my friend brought me to this store because I have never had so much fun shopping in my life. The owner was super helpful knowledgeable. From hats to shoes and everything in between there are plenty of wonderful vintage items available.My favorite purchase is a beautiful pair of vintage heals from the 50's. They are in perfect condition. I also bought a few things as gifts and my friends were thrilled. If you are looking for treasures look no further this store has got it going on.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2013,5/29/2013,135,283,4,6,6>I like Soho. The boyfriend LOVES Soho, so I think this place is all about your personal preference in pizza.The slices are big and not over priced. They are hearty with ample crust (no soggy middles here) and lots of toppings. This is your typical New York style pizza with typical ingredient combinations, not your goat cheese and spinach topping type of place. I think you just have to adjust your expectations accordingly. Your best bet here is to come at night or late at night when they have a lot of options available. The chicken parmesan is my favorite slice, but the chicken bacon ranch, classic pepperoni, and pepperoni and sausage are also tasty options. The boyfriend raves about the chicken bacon cheddar slice, so if you like to be adventurous with cheddar cheese on a pizza give it a go. They have small tables in the front and also a few larger tables in the back (and bathrooms, who knew!) so don't make the mistake not venturing to the back. Note: This place gets packed late at night with the drunk Old City crowd, so expect some company.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/9/2013,29,315,8,8,5>Is there a more crushing feeling than shattering your phone's screen? Probably, but I live a relatively privileged life free from actual suffering so it really doesn't FEEL that way to me. After calling my carrier and learning that it would cost $600 to replace my phone, I began to search for other options.  Philly iPhone repair came up, I shot them an email, and it a matter of a few hours had them order a new screen for my galaxy s3.  It came in a week, they installed it in 40 minutes, and viola! A like-new phone for a quarter of the price!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,12/8/2013,24,92,9,4,1>I am a HUGE fan of Indian food and Indian food buffets is probably one of my favorite things in the world. This buffet is awesome! The people who work there are always refreshing the food and ensure that you have a great experience.My favorite part about this place is that they have a decent salad bar, so I don't feel like a fat load after I eat about 7 pieces of bread and 8 scoops of rice. Seriously, this place has good food.For dessert, I would say get the rasmalai or the gulab jamun. The gulab jamuns are warm and soaked in honey and it's better than a unicorn singing in your mouth
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,12/7/2013,57,257,5,7,3>Listen ladies, if you want to a waxing place that knows how to take care of your lady parts, then look no further.  Until I discovered Heads & Tails, I put my faith in some pretty sketchy waxing institutions.  I did so because it was cheap and I am on a serious budget. Ladies - budget waxes are NOT okay!  Seriously.I realized this the hard way and finally decided to splurge at Heads & Tails.  Lori hooked me up, despite the fact that I had not had a wax in...well let's not discuss that in this public forum.  Anyways, they use the hard blue wax, which is amazing.  The price for a full Brazilian is $60, which is something I can afford every 4-6 weeks. I'm so glad I found Heads & Tails and you will be too!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,12/6/2013,31,16,68,8,7>Ask me in 2008 and I would have given this place five stars for dancing greatness. Sweaty nights, sipping high lifes and stumbling home, you couldn't ask for a better place.As I got older and more into the hanging with friends calmly at bars, my thoughts of cramming into "grandma's attic" (as I call it) and grinding up on sweaty sweaty people soured and I reserved them for special occasions like post break up daggering. So ask me last week and I would have given it a solid 2.Then on Saturday night, magic was in the air. Two new lovers found solice by the dumpster to have some sweet sweet tongue grinding. The young woman, excited at the prospect of this, tried to hoist herself up onto the dumpster. Struggling at the angle, she tried to push again. Finally, her beau lifted her up and put her on the plastic lid.And the lid caved in.Maybe you've seen two legs sticking out against the landscape of a dumpster before, but I had not and I will never forget those majestic limbs flailing. One flip flop sacrificed to the trash.Five stars. Forever.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,12/5/2013,197,258,2,3,3>Big fan of The Beard!!!I met my husband and sister-in-law here for dinner after work in the city on a Friday and we had some good times! I arrived early and was seated at one of the little tables by the bar. What a great place...cool and casual and fun, seemingly a desirable place to spend a Friday night. I quickly ordered some drinks and food items for everyone since happy hour was about to end, and my lovely dinner companions showed up just a few minutes after our items of deliciousness arrived. We enjoyed some "goat nuggets" which were actually chicken bites with blue cheese and sriracha as well as some falafel. Apps were good and tasty and then we ordered some dinner...LOVED my salmon, smashed potatoes, and julienned veggies which were all super delicious. Oh, and did I mention that we ordered an entire extra entree, the steak mac 'n cheese, to share? Because, really, who can come here and resist trying that?? SO good and I loved the gnocchi in there. The place became dark and busy, making us feel special for our prime table seating. For dessert, we ordered the fried brownie, which was alsdkjfalsdfjasldkj yum.Loved the atmosphere, the music, the great service, and the food. And with our happy hour items, we made out with a pretty good deal on our multiple courses even without taking advantage of the Restaurant Week menu that was being offered at the time. All around awesome and I would totally come back for more!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/4/2013,62,128,8,6,5>Rotisseur saved my life last night!  I was having one of those evenings (alone) - when i waited waaay too long to decide what I wanted to eat.  It was 7PM, I didn't want to leave the house and there was nothing other than Ramen and yogurt that would work as dinner options.  I turned to my girlfriend yelp and just did a search for "delivery" - my strategy was to find a restaurant that delivered w/ the highest # of stars ... and the winner was Rotisseur!  I'd never heard of this restaurant before, but that wasn't going to stop the hungry monster inside of me!Bahn Mi on the menu?!? It was kismet, as I've been wanting to try it for so long, but have never gotten around to it.  To err on the side of caution, I also ordered a half of the rotisserie style chicken (please don't judge).  But, my logic was that if I wasn't a fan of the Bahn Mi - then I could have the chicken to fall back on!  And I could "say" that I bought the rotisserie chicken for my husband, for when he got off of work - and that would definitely score extra brownie points for me!  Luckily, the Bahn Mi was the BOMB.COM (especially w/ the jalapeno adding the heat) - so I was able to stick with the "story" of buying the chicken for the husabnd!  Slick, I know!  With a price tag of $21 dollars and a delivery time of about an hour and 15 minutes - I was totally satisfied, and will be a returning customer!  Thanks for saving my life last night Rotisseur!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,12/3/2013,269,231,4,9,8>I can't even begin to say how much I love Custard & Cakes Creamery and I have recommended it to all my friends. Sorry, the long lines at CCC might have been partially been caused by me. But they absolutely deserve all the business they can get. Their vanilla soft serve is DIVINE with cookie dough chunks...and of course it needs to be topped off with some festive rainbow colored sprinkles. Last time, the girl at the drive-thru (yes there's a DRIVE-THRU!) gave us a separate container of sprinkles in addition to the sprinkles she poured in the cup because she overheard me talking about how they're not going to be able to fit that many because of the cookie dough chunks. Seriously? Awesome customer service.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/2/2013,339,909,5,7,6>When many folks think about bars in Newtown they think pretentious crowds and overpriced drinks and meals. You know who you are, and what I am talking about. Truth is, you guys are not far off the mark.  "Those places" do have an attytood. Perhaps, the lone exception is the Clubhouse Bar and Grill on lower East State Street. It is the outrider that serves the rest of us who prefer to drink our beer and eat bar food or pizza with a jukebox playing in the background, and the sound of billiard balls slamming into each other, or hanging outback on nice evenings, watching the sunset to the sound of acoustic guitar and local talent entertainers. All this at such a decent price. You will get change from your Twenty for a couple of beers and a light meal. There are plenty of brew alternatives here, both bottle and draft, with 'make you' happy hour specials. The wings come out hot, spicy and delectable, and no one minds if the bones pile up high on the table. They also realize that your fingers are going to get a bit sticky and bring out a stack of heavy gauge napkins without being asked.  Ain't nothing dainty 'bout the Clubhouse.  I had the cheesesteak quesadilla app the other night, and I took a quarter of it home to feed my son. He was so pleased he wants to go with me next time. Ok, buster.  It was that good!The Clubhouse is not perfect, but who cares? It is still the mellowest joint in Ntown, and the place everyone knows your name.It's where you want to be.February 2, 2014 - Went to their take out side today to pick up wings and beer for the Super Bowl. Called ahead. Everything ready in 30 minutes.  Quite an efficient operation.  Great wings. Enough beer choices to keep everyone happy. Definitely use Clubhouse again for home events.  The wings were large and tasty.  Blue Moon, Boddington and Redd's Apple Ale.  Everyone was happy, except the Broncos.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,12/1/2013,268,273,6,10,7>If you want an excellent vegetarian or vegan meal for a great value, drive out to Southampton for Blue Sage. I can't believe it took me this many years to finally check this place out. I called them last night at around dinner and couldn't get through a few times (got the busy signal). Finally got through and they were able to squeeze us in for a reservation for two at 8pm. The restaurant was completely full, aside from our little table, when we arrived, and the pace never slowed. The secret's out, apparently.There are only a few items on the menu that are strictly vegan, however they can make any of their items 100% vegan if you ask (they call it "dairy free" instead but I guess they don't use eggs in general). Before we got our started, our red wine bottle was opened (BYO!) and we were given a small basket of delicious chewy sourdough bread and a small dish of spicy bean dip. We ordered the corn and avocado Tartare to start and it was fantastic. Loads of corn, diced avocado and tomatoes in a sort of savory salsa was served in a large cocktail glass surrounded by what tasted like homemade taro chips. We ate every last kernel and basically licked the plate. Next, I had the Pan Bagno sandwich for my main dish. I could barely eat half of it, it was so gigantic, and at around $12, a real steal. The chickpea cakes were similar to tofu in consistency which was surprising and nice. The "artichoke-oil cured tomato tapenade" on the fresh crusty, toasted baguette was wonderful. It was served with a very fresh salad of bitter greens, almonds and sliced grapes. I had a couple bites of that, but I was getting pretty stuffed. We decided to opt out of dessert. Two out of four of the desserts were vegan, and sounded really great, but we just couldn't manage to eat another bite and we were both bringing doggie bags home already. Our total bill for an appetizer, a sandwich and an entree (my husband ordered the pumpkin risotto) was around $40. Seriously. It would have been less had he ordered a sandwich, salad or any of the other less expensive items on the menu. After we got used to some of the more expensive veggie restaurants, this place was such a breath of fresh air! I think they could easily expand as they were doing such brisk business the night we were there. Our waitress and the entire staff could not have been nicer or more helpful. I look forward to more meals here.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/30/2013,467,310,6,9,6>Believe the reviews here. The chicken here is worth the drive. The  parking here is nothing short of inconvenient, and I'll still suggest this fried bird to anyone. I can't cosign the sides since I didn't try anything else. But the chicken served here is crispy on the outside, hot and moist on the inside. I attempted to wait til I got home to eat it, but that was a failure in the making from the time that I handed the young lady the money.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,3/14/2011,331,353,4,8,10>Joni Mitchell may have sang "You don't know what you got till its gone" but I didn't know how bad I had it until I went to Cynthia at Oggi, who showed me the light.I was feeling like my regular stylist in the burbs was not making the cut (oh I am so punny).  I kept going back thinking that maybe it was my failing communication since I kept leaving with a color that wasn't quite right.  Sure bright red hair is unnatural, but I want it.  Despite my desire to be Mad Men Red, I kept leaving with a natural red.  After 3 failed (and streaky) attempts,  I decided to look elsewhere.I reached out to the Yelp Community for a good colorist for redheads, and Susan G quickly recommended Cynthia.  I had the opportunity to meet Cynthia that night and knew she was the girl for me.  Her bright red curls and red lips proved she wasn't afraid of color...just like me!I made the appointment the next day. My appointment with Cynthia was so much fun.  She is such a cool girl and knew the red I wanted.  Since I was feeling bold with the color, I opted to cut my hair short.  Considering I hadn't had my hair above my shoulders since I was 15, it was definitely a daring move.  I was surprised at first of the length (or lack thereof), but after a few days and a lot of compliments, I ended up being thrilled I made the decision.  The red itself was perfect...beyond perfect.  Sure my trip to Oggi was pricier than my normal salon, but the quality is so evident.Unfortunately, a few months later I was lured back to my old stylist partially out of guilt.  After I decided to give her another try, I have been so disappointed with the experience.  Essentially she admitted that she ignored my requests to be a brighter red and gave me what she thought I should have, which brings me back to my first statement, that I didn't know how bad I really had it.Whatevs, Cynthia totally proved I can rock red the way I want to and look great doing it.  The cut is so much better and looked great 6 weeks later, which is hard to do when your hair is short.  I am sad it took me so long to write this raving review, but happy to know I have a place to get my red locks the proper loving they need.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/13/2011,828,1172,3,12,8>Easily one of the best new coffeehouses to arrive on the scene. from the ample selection of drinks and a diverse selection of music, to an assortment of decadent desserts and one of the best backrooms out there; Grindcore has plenty to keep you coming back for more!On my first visit I just stopped in for a quick cup to go after plans fell through. But I instantly became intrigued and made note of the the milk selection that they had to offer. While some coffeehouses don't even put out soy milk; Grindcore does it right by offering soy, rice, coconut, and almond milk to choose from. and the majority of it is diverse enough to the point that us dairy drinkers won't miss it.on the second visit I made a point to grab one of their decadent desserts and listen to some tunes in the back. between the explosions of peppermint, peanut butter, and then some; it was pretty hard to choose. but the peanut butter brownie that I went with got the job done!with all of the eclectic books, ample seating, and interesting monthly art on display that the back room offers; it easily has something for everybody. And with plenty of outlets and one of the most diverse music selections that you'll here off a non-jukebox, you'll find yourself lounging for hours if you're not careful. Toss in plenty of book discussions, movie viewings, and art openings; and you have a definite must!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,3/11/2011,25,104,4,4,4>Sometimes a girl just needs a burger even though a steak might taste better.  This is my burger sushi, it's cheap, simple, tasty, and filling.  I came here on a weekday night with a couple of my friends.  We were the only people there at 8:00PM, but the small space soon filled with people ordering out and diners on their dates.  There's nothing fancy about this place, which keeps the price low, but the continuous takeout keeps the fish fresh.  Although the takeout orders got first priority, after a bit of a wait, we finally got our 3-roll specials.  At $10.25, these 8-piece rolls were a decent size, yummy, and very filling. I'll try some nigri next time and expand outside of the three-roll special.  But based on the foundation of a good/cheap sushi relationship, I can see Jay and me going far.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,3/10/2011,56,71,7,5,4>For the six or so years I've been drunkenly devouring this pizza, I never knew this place had a real name. It's always been, and always will be, Gay Pizza. And it's delicious. As delicious as pizza that I always eat when I am drunk and starving can be. Most of the time, I modestly order one slice only to eat it in two minutes and get back in line for seconds. Watch it though, there are pizza-stealers up in here. I have almost been one of them before.Gay Pizza takes the cake over a slice of Lorenzos anyday- or night.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,3/8/2011,125,201,3,11,7>Recently, a friend and I planned a brunch for another friend who was about to get married. Our requirements were pretty straightforward: an at-least-halfway-cute space for a group of about 20, a menu that could accommodate vegetarians as well as Atkins followers, and booze, preferably available in a variety of tasty cocktails. We called approximately 1.7 billion restaurants serving brunch in Center City, and got a lot of "Sure, but we'll have to...seat you in 4 different rooms/charge everyone a minimum/do it on this other random date/etc." I understand why restaurants place such restrictions, but we got none of that from Devil's Alley - they were super accommodating, friendly and easy to deal with. We hosted the brunch in the back of their upstairs area, which is nice and open and has a fire pit, and we had our own server who made sure everything ran relatively smoothly. The Bloody Marys and French toast flowed, and everyone was happy.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,3/7/2011,1014,321,10,30,24>For my 300th review, only a five-star operation close to my fatty little heart will do. Enter Mr. Martino's, owned and operated by Marc and Maria Farnese (themselves, in person) for more than a decade. Open only Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, the humble yet gracious space evokes the warm and simple trattorie of Roma more persuasively than any other restaurant I've dined in since leaving Italy six years ago.  The mismatched wooden chairs, my favorite antique table decoupaged with cigar-bands under glass, the surrealist paintings -- all speak to a time out of time, where one is free to check out of the inhuman world and just enjoy the company of friends and loved ones over a leisurely meal. Reservations are a must, as the tables are limited and quickly fill. Once arrived, hand your bottle(s) of wine off to Marc or one of the charming servers and settle in to your dim, romantic corner.  The menu is short and sweet -- spinach-ricotta ravioli in homemade pumpkin sauce, an appetizer of ricotta salata and zippy green olives, and the green salad dressed in Maria's transporting herb vinaigrette are my personal mainstays. Prices and portions are small, so do order two courses and NEVER skip dessert. One of the specials, a chicken leg and thigh roasted in fresh oregano and aged balsamic, is far and away my favorite chicken dish ever.  My boyfriend orders it every time.  Tender and fragrant, with just a few expertly roasted potatoes to accompany it, this is a bird you won't soon forget.  Be sure to keep a piece of their excellent crusty bread at hand to soak up the rich balsamic sauce pooling on your plate. With only Maria in the kitchen, meals here are much slower paced than at a larger restaurant with a staff of line cooks.  This is my absolute favorite thing about Mr. Martino's.  No one is rushing you through the paces of app-entree-dessert, so you are free to actually taste your food, converse with your date, and sip your wine in peace. Marc circulates the room, checking in with each table, the consummate host. Though all of the desserts please me, the lemon tart and chocolate pudding take top honors.  That chocolate pudding!  So luxe, just sweet enough... I have licked the bowl.  Accompanied by a short espresso and maybe a complimentary pour of Sambuca or Limoncello if the house finds you the right sort, it's heaven. Haters may continue to hate... it will change Mr. Martino's not a whit.  Thank you, Marc and Maria -- even though you will likely never read this -- for your commitment to your vision.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,3/5/2011,128,137,5,10,6>Do you remember when you were a poor college student and couldn't afford a $6 beer? Luckily, some Penn students can't either. While still busy, City Tap House is blessedly not as busy as every other bar in University City.  Perhaps this is because of the sheer size of the massive bar. Either way, it makes Jenna a very happy lady. Plus, the bartenders are awesome, awesome people. They know their beer and they are all around nice people. And if you ever show up for brunch after a night of drinking here, do yourself a favor and order the almond french toast. It's fantastic!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,3/4/2011,102,117,2,5,3>A solid four-star outing on the first go around. Granted, it was brunch, so I didn't actually get a beer; and saying you went to Kraftwork without drinking is like saying you bought Playboy and skipped right to the insightful interview with James Franco.Nevertheless, Kraftwork brunch did impress me. I had a Philly Omelette stuffed with sausages with potatoes on the side. I practically finished it the second it landed on the table. My gf's gravy and biscuits were also great. Garrett M was eating a burger right next to me, and I became insanely jealous.Definite win for Kraftwork; will certainly come back for the drinking and dinner portion.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,3/3/2011,1135,197,4,6,9>Hey Diabetics... RUN TO SABRINA'S FOOLS!!Whole Wheat Pancakes.... Say whaaaat?!Sugar Free Syrup..... Say whaaaat?!Customizable breakfast platters that allow you to trade the carbs!Finally, a brunch place that GETS US and UNDERSTANDS OUR FREAKING SAD NO SUGAR SUCKY DIABETIC PAIN! (I'm Hypoglycemic)I can enjoy Brunch again thanks to Sabrina's and am not forced to order a boring bland breakfast of unflavored Egg Whites & a couple pieces of fruit. This is a great spot for Breakfast or Brunch in Philadelphia but DO arrive early! The Free Hot Coffee in the waiting room is a double score though and the food is worth the wait. So many options, so much flavor.I may not be able to eat added sugar anymore but Sabrina's allows me to think that I can! I'll be back! :)
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,3/2/2011,466,648,5,8,6>Seeing a drag show was on my list of to-dos for 2011 and when the girls of Yelp decided a GNO (Girl's Night out) was in order at Bob and Barbara's I knew I had to check it out! I knew I was in the right place when I walked up to the building and heard "OH MY GOD. Those are Phan-tabulous boots." And that was my introduction to the dive bar that is B&B.The $7 admission to the show also snags you a drink ticket which is good for a well-drink or beer. I opted for the beer, PBR is almost mandatory when visiting a dive.And the performers in the show did not disappoint! Each lip-syncing, sassy drag queen sashayed their hearts out on the floor that night, and even the male exotic dancer did his thing with pizazz. (What can I say? I just can't resist a man in uniform, haha) And Lisa Lisa, the host, made sure everyone knew what was up throughout the evening!The only reason they get a star off is because of how packed they get. People are constantly pushing to get by or jostling you because they can't handle their liquor. Not to mention the annoying 21 year olds that are drunkenly interfering with the performers to the point where Lisa Lisa had to give them a verbal smackdown! If you can handle them though, the show is soo worth it. This has the potential to become my Thursday night hangout.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,5/20/2011,98,260,,14,13>I strive to eat healthy, and usually can if I am preparing my own food. But most Center City lunch choices really ruin my attempt.Cue Pure Fare. They post calories and nutritional information prominently for every single thing on their menu. And this isn't "diet" food. It actually tastes good without loading you up on additives and useless calories.  I've had only the smoked salmon sandwich so far but I was very pleased (this is coming from someone who hates a cold lunch). Even better, I was super full.I'm hoping this place is open early enough that I can stop here before work and grab one of their smoothies or  fresh juices. Another really cool part of this place is that they give you a card on your first purchase. When you scan it for that and future purchases at Pure Fare, it will automatically load your meal into their "my fare" system. (You can also add food from other places). Even better, the website will also suggest what you should get on the menu based on the profile you make on the site. I'm loving this idea! I am so happy to actually have the choice to eat a nutritious lunch when I get take out!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,5/19/2011,1135,197,17,13,14>In Honor Of The ROYAL WEDDING and my love for FISH & CHIPS or anything I can drench in Vinegar... I present to you "THE BRITISH CHIP SHOP"!BLOODY NORA is this place on point with their British Food, Service & Decor! I'm GOBSMACKED by their hands down, best I have ever had FISH & CHIPS! Listen to me you Royal Wedding Obsessed Crazy AMERICANS, anywhere else is A LOAD OF CODSWALLOP! If you haven't experienced a truly perfected FISH & CHIPS in America yet, don't THROW A WOBBLY and just get your behind to Haddonfield BUGGER! I promise you'll be PLEASED AS PUNCH and that place your "Foodie Friend" from work told you to go to is BOLLOCKS I tell ya! I'm CHUFFED TO BITS about this little British Chip Shop!- Perfectly Crispy & Golden Haddock FISH & CHIPS- They serve BRITISH Soda & Drinks ONLY (Don't you DARE ask for COKE!)- Amazingly cute & comforting Sunday British Brunches- A proper and full British Menu- Friendly service- Cute Neighborhood- Perfect place to bring friends, family or the kiddies. Not the type of place for "Girls Night Out" or to get wasted watching what we Americans call "Soccer". Haddonfield is a DRY TOWN, so the focus is more on the food (better in my opinion)! Most places are BYOB though, not sure if British Chip Shop is (nor do I care). I suggest you call ahead of time and ask.Don't be a WANKER, try it out for yourself!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,5/18/2011,125,201,8,11,12>I wandered in here with some very hungry triathletes last weekend. This being a Sunday, 'round brunch o'clock, and South Philly... of course there was a wait. Unlike some of the other brunch standbys (looking at you, Sabrina's), though, this place has a nice lounge for people to wait in and extra seating at the counter - I sent a silent thank-you to whoever designed this spot for sparing me half an hour of awkward loitering on the sidewalk on a 96-degree day.Started with perfectly serviceable coffee (I like the raw sugar cubes) and juice, and I perused the restaurant's eco-friendly mission statement as well as the menu. I'm simultaneously irked and enthralled by the whole idea of a mission statement for a brunch spot - this is a mildly presumptuous thing, right? - but I certainly appreciate the commitment to minimal waste and sustainable practices. My calorie-torching post-race friends ate giant breakfast burritos with great gusto, and my grilled cheese and tomato soup (a last-minute choice since they were out of veggie sausage for tofu scramble) was satisfying. I am looking forward to coming back for the peanut butter French toast and perhaps a Coke in a small glass bottle, with a side of righteous self-satisfaction for recycling it afterward.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,5/16/2011,22,130,15,5,5>Central branch rules!  -The upstairs hallway with the internet stations always seems to smell terrible and everyone there is watching youtube videos. -The DVD collection is pretty great and has a lot of foreign films.-The library is massive and the architecture is great.-Everything is FREE!But the best part of the central library branch is the colorful cast of characters that hang around inside and out front. Yesterday as I was leaving I overheard some guy say "What are you, a deep sea coin seller??".  He of course was talking to himself but I couldn't help but wonder...how is the deep sea coin business doing in these tough economic times?
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/15/2011,98,356,,11,8>It's about time there's a sandwich place in the area that isn't overpriced and has good food.  They've been open for almost 3 weeks now and I've gone 4 times.Day 1 - The Italian Flag panino - mozzarella, basil, tomatoes (think peppers were used though) on ciabattaDay 2 - The Italian Flag panino - but with prosciutto added!Day 3 - Misty's Favorite (half) sandwich - prosciutto, capicola, genoa salami, and provoloneDay 4 - Tuna Melt panino - custom madeEverything I've had so far has been great.  In just my four visits, I've noticed how busy the place has become during the lunch hours.  Call ahead to minimize your wait time.  If you do end up waiting, be patient, you will be rewarded.In addition to sandwiches and panini, they also have breakfast sandwiches, coffee, salad, and homemade and local mustards, pasta, and more!Super glad to have a place like this in an area that's lacking in lunch options.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/13/2011,311,132,12,7,5>Alright Jose, we get it. You know how to make food good enough to go to war over. The Whiskey King is so flawlessly perfect, I'm beginning to think it is just another urban legend, even though I've experienced it first hand. Something about the way the applewood bacon, bleu cheese, and foie gras superbly complement the juicy, medium rare burger just seems a little bit Inception-esque to me. Just sayin'. For those of us who don't get off on the idea of blowing 26 bucks on an 8 oz burger, the Village Burger is also excellent, and the marginal cost to marginal utility ratio makes it totally worth it. Be careful though, the additions are certainly tempting, and before you know it, your total can be up on the same level as the King. (No matter what you do though, get the fried egg on top. It's kind of a necessity.)There is only one possible suggestion I have that could make Village Whiskey any better, and I really hope you're paying attention, Jose. Please walk a few blocks down to 9th and Winter in Chinatown. Nonchalantly enter Sang Kee Peking Duck House. Act aloof, and snatch a headless roast duck from the window. Vigorously wring the duck out (or compress it in a vice) over a large pot. Use THIS to cook your duck fat fries.Thanks for listening. I'll expect this change shortly.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,5/12/2011,212,160,10,13,12>I have been coming here my entire life and, while it has not always been my favorite local tomato pie, it has withstood the test of time and now is the only local one available (I am giving it five stars, so not being my favorite back in '93-'94 doesn't mean it's still not the shit!). For $13.50 you can score a whole pie, which is about 2' x 3.5' (and $7.25 for a half, which is bigger and cheaper than any local pizza pie) and extraordinarily filling while still very economical. The good eats don't stop with the tomato pie, because the stuffed breads here are just as much of a draw, if not more. For $5.50-$5.75, you can have a bread stuffed with fillings like bacon and eggs, spinach and cheese, or even the newly added buffalo chicken. This is a seriously good deal for an area where most cheese steaks are closer to $7, because the breads are slightly larger than a standard steak sandwich, and their cheese steak version is only five bucks and four bits. Add in a cup of marinara for a dollar and you've got a great lunch for two. They also have Oreganata here in the sweet, mild, and hot forms, but the best kind comes with peperoni as well. This is a great local family run business that is a favorite of many (as evidenced by the jam packed wall of celebrity autograph photos and fast moving lines out the door on weekends). Stop in on a holiday and you'll even find them offering free beers and mixed cocktails to the patrons. Be warned though, on weekends (especially for eagles game day) and big holiday party days the product gets bought up fast, so order in advanced because it's better than settling for spinach or broccoli when your heart was set on pepperoni or steak. ***CASH ONLY, but they recently installed an ATM so, when you get there, no more trotting down to the corner bar to score the loot for your hangover grub*** P.S.- I just found out that most folk outside of Philadelphia don't know what a tomato pie is; Think square pizza sans mozzarella, served cold, and with a generous sprinkling of Parmesan cheese for color contrast. Then think mmmmmmmm, good.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2011,5/11/2011,188,104,4,6,6>Considering my proximity to Yakitori Boy and love for karaoke, I'm surprised I don't come here more often. There are always people smoking outside, with a steady and fairly diverse group of clientele frequenting the establishment.  I've rented a private room with friends, waited my turn to sing amidst the drunk everyone elses at Japas, and I've sat at the bar watching sports games. All the facilities are pretty awesome. The private rooms come equipped with pretty recent music so you can belt the songs the radio has been overplaying. The rooms can get pretty warm but there's a handy button that calls the attendants and they usually come running. I like coming on Tuesdays because they have $1 Yakitori (grilled skewers) and you can feed yourself with like $5 worth of skewers and a $3 Sapporo draft. (Chicken with scallion is my definite fave.) Waiting to sing at the bar is another story.   I hate waiting for my turn but it's cheaper to just buy one song. If you don't mind waiting and don't mind listening to the often tone deaf / drunken slurring of other people singing, this might be a safe bet. If you're looking for a more low-key environment just to watch some sports, you can go downstairs where they have at least four LCD HDTVs. And though I've never gone on Wednesdays, they have $2.50 sushi if you eat in. In fact, they have specials running Sunday through Thursday. Y Boy definitely makes 11th street hopping. I still think it's a little expensive but I guess you just have to pay Center City prices!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,5/10/2011,156,121,12,5,8>Reasons why my coworker thinks I am a weirdo:I get my (roast) pork sandwich from Jake's with au jus, garlic spread, raw onions, broccoli rabe, and sharp provolone... come into the office, and make her hold it to marvel in its weight.I then take a picture of the sandwich, to post to my twitter feed of course, with the caption "Now that's a fucking sandwich".Once I start eating said sandwich, I start moaning things like "Ohhhh my goddd, I never want this sandwich to end." Please take note: I'm not even half way through it at this point.She leaves to run an errand and here I am, sitting at my desk staring at the other half of this monster sandwich half in defeat, half trying to find the willpower to make it through the whole thing because yes, it's really that fucking good.As of right now I have about a quarter of it left, and I took a break to write a yelp review. This sandwich is taxing. I'm definitely going to be suffering from some itis after I finish it but god damn, I can't let this thing go to waste. Plus it's so moist from the jus, that I wouldn't be able to save it for later because it will totally fall apart.But yeah, get it. Because it's seriously probably one of the best roast pork sandwiches I've had in the city.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,5/9/2011,476,796,13,18,16>Dining on an old ship doesn't get any better than this...I'm a big fan of the Moshulu as you can tell by my updates and even more so now, since they have greatly changed their menu and have a new supplier for beef. I had always thought of them as more of a seafood restaurant, but the creative menu has a vast offering of beef, veal, chicken, duck and fewer seafood entrees. The dining room is much more welcoming than I remember from past visits, with a very friendly and younger staff. In the warmer months I always choose to sit on the deck and it is a totally different scene from their formal dining room, however the large bar and lounge has a large seating area, which is a bit more relaxed.I started with the Kobe beef sliders, which were two mini burgers, served medium rare unless you would like to change that, but we so enjoyed our bite sized burgers that were topped with grilled red onion, melting cheddar cheese on brioche rolls with a chipotle Mayo. This was my first time trying Kobe beef and I was quite pleased at the flavor and texture. With this we had ordered hand cut fries which were perfectly crisp and golden brown, sprinkled with sea salt and topped with plenty of shaved parmesan cheese, hello yum!I love how they serve their lobster bisque, they bring the large sized bowl to the table with the lobster, shrimp and diced roasted tomatoes in the bowl and then pour the bisque from a heated metal pitcher to insure a hot bowl of soup, the bisque is delicious! The addition of shrimp is a bonus and something I had never seen before, but I'll take it!For my entree I had three very large Viking Village Diver scallops that were pan seared and tender, served with a black truffle parsnip puree, chestnut sweet potato gnocchi, baby Brussels sprouts and panchetta, yeah, that's what I said, are you drooling yet? I honestly could not tell you which part of the dish I liked better as it was all so very delish!My husband had a large center cut filet, that they boast is Creek Stone premium Black Angus, corn fed from Kansas, not sure we needed to know all of that until we tasted the filet which cut like butter and melted in our mouth. There is a $12.00 charge for bearnaise sauce, which I find ridiculous, but our server was kind enough to bring a small souffle cup with enough in it for me to top my few bites with. The bearnaise was just okay, mind you I am very picky about my bearnaise sauce and usually make my own at home and carry it along with me, oh shut up! Any way, after slathering my few bites of filet offered from hubby, I put the rest of the sauce on the scallops, oh my gosh, so good!With this my husband had duck fat roasted potatoes with winter herbs and a garlic aioli, very good, but there is an additional charge of $8.00 which is the norm when fine dining. Oh and a shout out to our outstanding waiter, Chris, he was so friendly, informative and professional all at the same time and he's cute!I started with a beautiful and well chilled martini, very dirty and perfectly made, we skipped desserts as we were bad and had not finished our meals, some things never change...  Note: See previous review if interested in a little history of this glorious old ship, in fact it is the world's oldest, largest four masted ship that's still afloat. Parking is $12.00 per vehicle.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,3/13/2009,15,58,7,12,12>Walked into this place and found two Edward Gorey 1st editions, "The Curious Sofa" and " The Haunted Tea-Cosy". The guy ended up selling them both to me for a measley $24.and when i got home.....Boo ya!"The Curious Sofa" ended up being a limited press.  Winning tatses delicious.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,3/11/2009,37,91,7,10,9>I have a new favorite restaurant!To quote LCD Soundsystem, "I don't know I don't know I don't know oh where to begin!" The food: First off, even if you don't see it on the menu, everything here is made fresh to order -- the pasta is handmade, fresh, every single day -- so if you want mushrooms and chicken on your just-cut fettucini, simply ask and ye shall receive. And by God people is it gooooood!The dishes are what Gordon Ramsey would kill for: simple on the menu and perfectly executed with the freshest everything. (Note to the other review: in actual Italian, simple is good, and too much fatty meat will kill you.) Truly, everything was perfectly cooked, and my chicken could not have been seasoned any better! Another plus food-wise is the creativity, like that in the Grilled Caesar Salad, which is actually grilled and served warm; it's super delicious (and also pretty). And another, another plus is the size of the servings. For about $15 you've got dinner and tomorrow's lunch. And everything is under $20, even the mind-numbingly luscious encrusted lamb dish...The atmosphere: A perfect little nook right off Broad St on Pine -- but without the noise -- and literally right across from a parking garage, for all you motorists. Being inside doesn't feel like being in Italy and is certainly doesn't feel like being in a you're-in-Italy Italian restaurant; the place is simple, calm, romantic but cheery. It feels like a big version of your Italian uncle's kitchen/living room. If I had someone worth dating, I would come here. There were the young professional peeps and the adult crowd too, plus me and mine, who felt totally welcome if not catered too -- though more than a few of our people came in to collect their take out orders, too. All said, it's the zenith of little Italian dinner joint for anyone with a little class, however old you are/act/look and whether or not you were into ray bans, are so over them bc you're too cool, still wear them or have worn them since you were 20 in 1980. The service: If it looks like your uncle's house, it definitely feels like it. You are so totally taken care of! The owner comes around to every table, checking on food, clearing plates, talking about the Eagles -- unlike the pretentious, more expensive and not nearly as scrumptious James. You want something off the menu, he'll see what he can do. What a friendly, kind man! Truly!And so when he suggests you try the tiramisu, try it, because it is one of the best desserts in the entire city -- and like everything else there, it's made fresh that day!P.S. BYOB
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,3/9/2009,36,84,7,10,8>Chifa was my 30th birthday destination.  I was awfully excited to dine here, for one because I've never experienced Peruvian/Cantonese and for two because my brother is the sous chef!! We had a bird's-eye view of the first floor, as our party was rather large.  The music was LOUD, which I don't mind but it didn't make for good table conversation.  I began with a tangerine capirinha.....it tastes even better than it sounds.  Chaufa and paella ceviche were our starters, as well as conchitas and pork belly buns.  Needless to say, it was an assault of the palate.  I also did an oyster shooter~~wahhhhh!Pulpo, BBQ ribs, and yuca fries left us with that comfort food high which I can call nothing less than bliss!Whew!  Not through yet!"Flexible Chocolate" (reminds me of sexual chocolate) consists of: quinoa chiccarones, milk chocolate custard, mango ice, and some other accessories.Not to be overlooked was a homemade root beer float **drool**arroz con leche ice cream and spiced sesame caramel corn.  We definitely did it up big here, and it was all worth it.  The fabulous pastry chef made me my own special carrot cheesecake, and the ENTIRE room sang happy birthday.....oh, the embarassment.All around, a great time, though.  This is an experience not to be missed!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,3/8/2009,129,194,2,12,9>I can't say enough about this place. Everything I have ever had was delicious - panang curry, egglplant/dill/sticky rice, Pad Kee Mow (so tasty that it took me a year to stop ordering it), red curry, yelloy curry, green curry- try it all, rice noodles, curries.  It's not Thai, as some people claim, but Laotian, which is why many people don't recognize dishes on the menu, or certain flavor combination. I don't give 5 stars based on food, though. I love this place because it is a neighborhood joint, because you can eat outside in the summer, because it is a BYOB, because it is CHEAP for the amount of food you get, because when you're there you feel happy just knowing that everyone else is having as good a time as you are. It's not fancy, it's just fantastic. Also, there are so many vegetarian options, it's always a hard choice to decide between something new and something that I've had beofre and loved. Really, I could go here every day.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,3/7/2009,21,26,6,6,7>ahh! the man with the mustache!  if i were to rate this place on him alone...well...i'd give them a 6.  that's right....a SIX out of FIVE.  i mean, he bowed and everything.as for the cocktails, i hit the ends of the intelligence spectrum by starting with a "Clever Club" (Plymouth Gin, raspberry syrup, fresh lemon, a dram of ginkgo, egg white, shaken until all demons be cleared) and ending with a lower brow (only in name....it's still just as punningly clever) "Booty Collins" (Green tea infused gin, passionfruit, organic agave nectar, fresh lemon, cayenne, yohimbe, valerian root, housemade seltzer and brandied cherries).  Both were delicious, although i preferred the Clever Club, for obvious reasons.....the shaken egg white, of course.  seriously, it was tasty.  the food was decent.  they served larger portions than i thought they would.  and that's great and all, except when you want just a taste of a few things.  my friend and i shared 2 interludes/appetizers/tapas and kind of grew tired of them toward the end.atmosphere was cool and a little swank, which is the best combination in my book.  i think anyone can go there and feel at ease....  especially sitting atop the roof deck at dusk.  it's pretty good medicine, folks.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,3/4/2009,53,16,,7,5>I went to jamaica in january so last week i decided to check out the jerk hut to recreate my adventures there. I phoned in an order for jerk chicken and a cohort ordered curry chicken. Both were delicious. The jerk was better than most i had in jamaica  and it brought me back (it's a shame the Red Stripe isn't as fresh in PA). The chicken was cooked just right and had just the right amount of sweetness and spice. My only complaint is that i could have gone for more cabbage in my platter, but i can understand them wanting to get me to buy a side order. i can't fault them for trying to make more $. Also, i don't know if they still have it but when i went there a few years ago they had real heavy duty homemade ginger beer. i totally recommend this! it's like nothing i've had before or since.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,3/3/2009,107,2,10,13,10>I only write reviews when I feel compelled. I've visited Old Nelson dozens of times since they first opened. If I were drunk and stumbled into Old Nelson, I bet I'd think I was in some special land of half Wawa half awesome section of a grocery store with a twist of Asian influence, and I'd drop a hundie on all types of crispy tastos and drinks and not regret it in the morning - but I would think it was leprechaun power because never in my life would I have expected this place to exist for two days in a row.First, yes, this used to be a Wawa, but a very dirty Wawa that had a really bizarre staff that treated regular and neighborhood customers like they were some kind of invisible leper. The only thing convenient about that Wawa was that you knew what it had and the location was good. I'm a die hard Wawa fan, so I expected myself to hate whatever moved into this location and drive my car through the front gate shooting missiles, despite that this was the worst Wawa Id ever frequented. Old Nelson moved into this location and while Old Nelson doesn't have a free ATM, ordering machines at the deli, and Wawa brand merch, they make up for it, and in my opinion surpassed the Wawa in killing power. The easiest way to review Old Nelson is to tell you how it's different from Wawa because that's all anyone will want to hear: - It's got a different name. Seriously, stop complaining that it's not Wawa - I hear people do this all the time, you don't look cool for whining about this anymore and Old Nelson is a MUCH more ridiculous name than Wawa, anyway. Get behind it.- Where Wawa had like 20 types of chips, Old Nelson has like 50, obviously supporting newer companies in chip technology.- Where Wawa had derelict bums working the deli and arithmetically challenged cashiers, Old Nelson has cute Asian people that smile and mean it. Who cares if there is a $5 credit card minimum? If you're complaining about that, you're the jerk. - Old Nelson's refrigerated drinks selection is INSANE! Small companies, imports, 20+ chilled coffees, 20+ health drinks, Aloe drinks, organics; I spend 10 minutes looking over the drinks before getting something and always find something new. Crap you've never heard of! - You order deli sandwiches by talking to a person WHAT!! I know, I know, make sure you did your hair today - while i prefer the neat system Wawa had, I don't have any trouble telling someone what I want. and it's not packed like a Weezer concert signing area, so you don't have to fight to get anyone's attention.  You also won't get any autographs.- Order your sandwich, receive a ticket, use that time to pick out your drinks and snackies, pay for everything, hand in your stamped ticket and get your order. Pretty much the same as Wawa but you don't have to touch a filthy screen. - I don't think there is anything Wawa carried, besides hot dogs and some deli changes that Old Nelson doesn't carry. In addition Old Nelson has about 3 times the overall variety of additional packaged foods than Wawa. - The deli is well stocked with a full range of Boar's Head products. This amounts for the slight increase in price that some people don't seem to care for. - The deli food tastes better than Wawa - I had my doubts, but it's great. - You can get grilled paninis! WHAT!- double the staff at all times. - Hoagies are larger than you'd expect. - same layout and tile as Wawa - try not to get lost.- exotic health foods, snacks, and convenience items plus if you really wanted just a vitamin water and bag of Frito's, you can get that still. Handicapped ramp entrance and curb. One entrance on Chestnut St.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,3/1/2009,23,25,4,11,10>Have you ever felt the need to escape to New York for the evening but the thought of sitting in a dirty NJ Transit train or on the NJ turnpike makes your stomach turn? Save yourself the trouble and escape to James instead. Sure it's around the corner from the most Philly of all areas, the Italian Market, but James is worlds away from the sausage shops and water ice stands its neighborhood is known for. Inside, it's warmly lit and feels very modern. And while the decor is great and all, the food is the most incredible part of it all.After grabbing drinks at the bar (I absolutely loved my elderflower and prosecco cocktail) we took a seat at an abnormally long table-for-two. We decided to go all out and try the "chef's tasting", a five course meal selected by the chef himself based on your personal preferences. We told the waiter that our only request was no sweetbreads (calf pancreas, no thanks) and he went into the kitchen to tell the chef to get cookin. What followed was five courses of amazing and exotic fare. After a free sampling of some sort of pate on a spoon, we received the first course-- scallops topped with caviar. Incredible. Next up was the Risotto 'alla Kristina' (the chef's wife) with raw oysters which was absolutely magnificent. The main course was London broil cooked to perfection and topped with porcini mushrooms in a mysteriously delicious sauce. And finally, the dessert (by far the most bizarre ending to a meal I've ever had) was a triangle of frozen gorgonzola with poached pears. The thought of eating frozen blue cheese scared the bejesus out of me but I sucked it up and tried it out. I was pleasantly surprised-- it tasted like ice cream with a different texture and a bit of a sour aftertaste. Maybe that description still doesn't have you sold on frozen gorgonzola but trust me, it's worth a try. If you're any good at math, you'll realize that I forgot to list one of the five courses. Not that it was a forgettable dish, it's just that my aging twentysomething mind tends to let bits of information go sometime. Forgive me for that and just take my word for it that James is the perfect place to escape Phillydom for a night and lose yourself for a while. The best part of a local escape? When you step outside with a pleasantly full belly, you'll be happy home is just a quick walk away.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,2/28/2009,250,550,5,5,5>Reluctantly in pursuit of a Valentine's Day gift, keeping in mind that chocolate is always a strong performer in that category, I headed over to Naked earlier today and I was quite pleased with my experience. I had actually had it once before; when Beneficial Bank bought out Farmer's & Mechanics, they had Naked produce custom milk chocolate bars with the Beneficial logo stamped on. (Nice gesture.) Not being a fan of milk chocolate, I enjoyed it, and recognized that there was something very well done here in this chocolate bar, but didn't pursue the matter further. Pity I didn't head over sooner. Not only did I pick up a box of assorted chocolate, at what I consider an entirely reasonable price, but I sampled a few other of their wares. First, there is the matter of the manliest of of all desserts: the cupcake. (Just kidding, we all know that cobbler is the manliest of all desserts.) I chose vanilla/vanilla since they, sadly, lacked a dark chocolate option. The icing was good but I prefer something more buttercream-y. As for the cake part, it was moist but I can't really speak to the flavor--I use the cake part of the cupcake mostly for texture contrast as I eat the icing, then toss the rest. Second, let's address the coffee. I will forgo my usual coffee shop analysis because this isn't a coffee shop per se. That being said, its a pretty good cup. I don't know if they rotate or if they have a house blend, but today it was a very, very dark roast. Me, I like a good dark roast but it was dark enough that if I didn't, I would've appreciated a warning or an option to try something else. Finally, there's the dark chocolate bar of some sort (Nocturine) that I bought at the counter, because I lack impulse control. I haven't tried it yet but I imagine its pretty good. (I want to try the hot chocolate here, so look for those in the eventual update.) I appreciate the design on the bar, though. I peaked a look inside the assortment I bought for the girl as well, and they are likewise well-designed pieces of food art. Allegedly, there are even better chocolate shops within a few block radius. I, however, have no complaints whatsoever about my experience at Naked.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,2/27/2009,29,62,4,6,5>I stumbled upon Citi Marketplace a couple months ago while getting some stuff printed out for work.  I was drawn to their awning, emblazoned with one of the absolute worst typefaces known to man-- Jokerman...ugh.  I've found since then, however, that this is the only thing not to like about Citi Marketplace.  And if you're not a quirky artsy-fartsy pseudo designer like me, you'll find that there is nothing not to like, and that this place is pretty awesome.FIRST IMPRESSIONS:This place is very clean, unlike many of the neighboring convenience stores that are more reminiscent of NYC's little foreign-owned corner shops.  Rather, this is like Grocery meets Greenhouse (both are located 2 blocks over on Chestnut), with smart hardwood floors and modern-looking lighting.THE FOOD/DELI:I haven't tried lunch here yet, but I get breakfast here a couple times a week, braving the cold and the extra distance walked, for their delectable breakfast sandwiches...the best part is that they let you pick what you want it on-- you want it on a croissant?  Magnifique!  You want it on an everything bagel?  Mazel Tov!  You want it on a piece of focaccia?  Molto bene!  You literally hand it to them and let them know what you want, which I like.  It's ready in a snap, and they have a deal that gives you free coffee or in my case, tea with your sammich.  I've waited for 15 minutes elsewhere, but here, it's ready by the time I'm done browsing their grocery section.THE GROCERY:It's surprisingly comprehensive, I wish I had one closer to me, because I'd definitely need to shop at more-expensive Whole Foods less.  They have everything you'd expect from a breakfast/lunch spot (chips, drinks, what have you), but their selection of Asian cooking materials (for those like me who like to use their Wok but often need special ingredients) is very good.  They have a full row of frozen foods, making me think I could get most of my food shopping done here if I needed to.  I like to go there and pick out stuff to make dinner with later that night.  It's clean, easy to navigate, and the price is right around what you'd expect, no more, no less.THE SERVICE:How about the adorable young lady who works the register, she is always in a good mood, it lifts my spirits even on the most dismal of mornings.  They have learned my name, they know my "the usual" and they know how keep me coming back.THE BOTTOM LINE:This place is brand new, but I already say it's under-appreciated and I hope and predict that they'll see more business and stick around.  Sometimes I go back to the Greenhouse when I'm in the mood for a little sloppier and greasier (still delicious in its own right), but for the most part, this is my new spot and I recommend it to anyone in the area looking for good food, a well-stocked grocery, with a nice atmosphere and attitude to top it off.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,6/30/2014,361,266,12,10,9>They've got coffee and tea, a-PLENTY, they've got breakfasts and salads galore, you want sandwiches? They've got twenty (note: they actually have 19 but that didn't rhyme). but who cares, no big deal....I WANT MORE.This is a great little cafe, adorable seating area that reminds me of a tree house, cute barristas (barristers?), and delicious food. I've been here a few times now and I'm thinking I'm gonna become part of [their] world.I tried the egg white sandwich for brunch one day and they were able to switch out the roll for multigrain bread which was great. Sandwich was delicious and I felt healthy eating it so that's a plus.ALSO. They have frequent buyer cards for sandwiches and coffee. I love me some frequent buyer cards (read: free shit).My only complaint is that it's so small that it's hard to find seating. Also, on a related note, the upstairs area had a bunch of people studying so I felt kind of bad having chatty conversation with my co-bruncher.Definitely check it out!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,6/29/2014,223,241,12,7,6>Because yes.As a very proud Yelper of many years I take pride in my little food reviews, and I hate having to write a review that echoes what many others have already said.  However, my first visit to Honey's was thebomb.com and there is nothing I can do about it.The Good1. Fast, friendly service. The coffee cup stayed piping hot, the servers were super friendly, and the overall atmosphere was just plain chill-meets-effective. 2. The food was stellar. The chicken fried steak and latke were good.  The asparagus omelette was okay, but I would try something else next time.  I'm just not sure I'm as in love with asparagus as I thought I was.3. Biscuits.  These deserve their own  bullet point because they are awesome. They make their own preserves... yummy!4. The atmosphere is a NoLibs rustic.  I like it. The Bad1. There was a 20 minute wait, but it ended up being ten minutes... so this might actually fall under the good category. 2. The waiter got naked and kept asking us to do the cha cha slide.  No, that didn't happen. I just thought i should list more than one thing in my "bad" section. Run, don't walk. Honey's is awesome.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/28/2014,20,62,17,18,17>I'd ordered out from here a few times before I had the delight of going to the actual restaurant, so I was familiar with the fact that their FOOD IS AMAZING. The menu is expansive and delicious. A few favorites: the hongo relleno (portabello mushroom with crab stuffing!! and cheese! it's creamy and delicious!), nachos mixtos, the enchiladas, their guac, and the chocolate cake (GET THE CAKE). Tip #1: Bring tequila. Margarita mix is free. I went there recently and arrived before the rest of my friends so the server had mixed drinks and poured shots for everyone before they even stepped foot in the restaurant. It's a wild ride of a place. The food is so worth it, as is (in my opinion) the (high) chance you will end up eating your entire meal wearing sombreros. As other yelpers have mentioned, the server makes it his personal mission to make sure you are stuffed beyond comprehension with delicious food, and makes you feel at home (home?) in such a bizarre and wonderful way that I've never experienced in another restaurant. He's probably bored, honestly, and restaurant patrons are an easy form of amusement. I cannot recommend him highly enough. I'm not even one for really hands-on waiters usually, but he is a gem. Even though he can't speak Spanish, he knows the menu like the back of his hand and will guide you as you will undoubtedly be overwhelmed from the sheer magnitude of choices. Fortunately, everything is so good, you really can't go wrong. Tip #2: Be open to wearing sombreros. It might happen.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/27/2014,152,350,6,15,6>Ol' Boys Soul Food Restaurant opened in the summer of 2013 in an area that looks a little neglected- I say this because we parked next to an abandoned house whose first floor was covered in garbage. I can't say I have done too much dining around the 60th and Locust area. But that might change now. Obviously from the name, I knew to expect soul food and to probably not expect a salad.  I also couldn't not think about the beloved, and very violent Korean movie that Spike Lee remade last year (see the original, please).Inside, you order from a counter and there is limited seating. The menu is also limited. But that makes your choice easier. There is no pork on the menu, perhaps catering to a local Halal population.Pondering either the fried fish or chicken platters, I ultimately chose the fried chicken breast ($10-bbq, wings, and legs were also options). Platters come with 2 sides and corn bread. It took about 10 minutes for our food to be ready. I noticed a beer store is directly next door, and though I didn't take advantage of it (and you might want to check to make sure it's ok), beer along with the fried chicken  would have only been more perfect.The fried chicken was exactly what I hoped for: crispy and juicy. Nothing remarkable, just  a simply fried breast with sturdy breading. I added a little hot sauce they had available for an extra sprinkle of heat.The innocent looking corn bread was bonkers good- sweet and moist. Made me hate everyone who makes dry corn bread.The mac and cheese side came as a big hunk. It wasn't the gooey kind, the noodles were slightly overcooked,  and it needed some salt and  pepper, but I couldn't stop eating it.The other side I picked came off of the specials menu, lima beans. They were pretty much the best ever, super creamy and flavored with a smoked turkey hock. If this is an option, don't miss it.Ol' Boy's has made a fan. I plan to brave the litter again to try the fried fish, turkey wings, and candied yams.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,6/26/2014,111,109,13,15,11>"Wishboners." That's what I was hoping to see when I crossed Penn's campus and the Wishbone sign came into view. Two hastily postscripted letters from a couple of enterprising college students knocked up on Natty Lights and youthful vigor, that's all it would've taken to achieve comedy gold. But no, you goody do-rights passed on sticking it to the man and probably stuck your nose in a book. Nerds.So the undefaced (...faced?) signage didn't satisfy my sophomoric demands, but Wishbone mostly did. Chicken fingers are boilerplate material for kid's menus and that makes it easy to dismiss them as child's play now that we're super serious Yelpers. You shouldn't.Maybe the exclusive benefit chicken tenders hold over their classically fried brothers is the meat to breading ratio. Federal Donuts is great, for example, but there are some bites where I'm only scarfing down a naked chicken bite so I can get to breaded crunch. There's a reason no one tells you about the grilled chicken place you have to check out. The buttermilk batter and pretzel crust here demonstrate why. Tenders ($9/lb) come in white and dark. There's a healthy amount of fat and gristle in the dark meat so it's best those strips go stag without any condiments. But when you dress up the white, the pommery honey mustard is the cock of the walk. It's thick, and full of deep honey flavor. Interneting tells me this is typical of French honey mustards, in which honey is not simply a sweetener but the source of distinctive flavor. Bet you weren't expecting a French cuisine lesson amidst a chicken tender review, huh?But a return visit will be due mostly to the mascarpone-cheddar mac & cheese. It was creamy and rich, which isn't difficult to pull off, but it also blended in a sharp edge that made it interesting. Bacon and herbs punched it up from good to great.I'll be back, and with an "r" and "s" in tow.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/25/2014,124,182,3,9,8>A nice, cozy restaurant that would be perfect for dates or a nicer dinner with friends.  Located near Rittenhouse Square, it gives a good intimate feeling throughout the dinner.Important: this place is cash only, BYOB.We had a special appetizer: fire roasted red peppers with anchovies.  That was delicious, and I found myself looking for the recipe for future use.Also ordered: one pasta dish (the name escapes me, sorry) and the Branzino.  The Branzino was really tasty, very crispy and flavorful.The service is very friendly, and all the waitstaff are attentive and knowledgeable.I will definitely come back here, though I have to admit it is pretty pricey so it's not going to be somewhere I can come too often.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/24/2014,181,207,6,18,10>Been here several times, and it never disappoints!Here's what you need to know:1) Sit at the bar2) Get to know the mixologist/cocktail genius/drink master/your new best friend3) No need to look at the menu, order the bartender's choice and YOU decide your drink4) Watch your delicious concoction be madeThe last time I was here, there was a wait. But no worries, you give your cell number, hang out at another shindig, and they promise to call you from an unknown number. Much better than those buzzing red light contraptions that you have to carry within a five meter radius.The decor is quite stylish, sexy, dark, and the place to cozy up with a loved one. Drink menus are always changing, which always make each visit exciting and new. Their (fresh!) ingredients are lined up at the bar. I was eyeing up those strawberries, and so I got a drink with those delightful little numbers and some solid-tasting rum. I love that I can get some vitamins at this place!A lovely hideaway that will most definitely be frequented.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/23/2014,94,180,5,13,8>My family compares this place to cheers - we never go in there without running into people we know, and even the staff knows our names. It's a bit of a neighborhood joint, though there are definitely some out-of-towners who stop in pretty frequently.I'm a huge fan of the pizza, especially forno formaggio (four cheeses). They make some unique pizzas, especially during the month of October, which features a different pizza every day.  The meals are huge portions, great if you're really hungry or want to share. The fries are some of the best I've ever had, got that perfect crisp to them.  A big highlight are the sides, which are paid by weight. Everything I've tried is delicious, but I can't go without getting a scoop of the tomato-mozzarella salad or the butternut squash, in season. Also wonderful is the bread, available self-serve by the drink station. I guess the ordering can be confusing for first-timers, but it's set up as an order and pay, then sit down kinda place.  The pay-first set up makes it perfect for groups - no awkward splitting of the check at the end, and it helps speed up the busy lunch crowds.Basically, you can't go wrong here, highly recommend Forno's!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/22/2014,111,176,4,8,5>After reading many good reviews, we decided to try this place with one of my foodie friends on yelp. The dining setup itself is minimal but what's on the plate makes up for all else. Hassan does a very good job of taking the chaat experience to the next level with his creativity. Multiple varieties of namkeen, papdi, fruits and even dry fruits like cranberries! No two bites of the plate are alike in flavor or texture and yet it all comes together very well. Trippy stuff!The lassi varieties are exhaustively long and if you have a problem picking one, he will suggest you one based on your preference of flavors. If you're vegan or lactose intolerant, he has you covered too. I thought that Lassi was forever off the list for me, but he had a unique and yummy take on the drink using coconut cream.Just when all of us thought we were stuffed to the brim and could not eat another spoonful, he offered us desserts on the house. His nature reminds me of an aunt who really likes to pamper everyone with her generosity and good nature. Quite an experience overall. Worth the 5 stars.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/21/2014,212,160,10,15,8>How to eat a soup dumpling:1. Scoop up soup dumpling in spoon2. Nibble off top to allow cooling/sauce adminstration3. Pour black vinegar, ginger sauce, and/or mouth-numbing chili oil into dumpling4. Allow to cool5. Hold dumpling in spoon while you sip out the soup and have an umami mouth party6. Insert soup-less dumpling into face7. Repeat until the blissed out dumpling coma sets in
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/29/2013,81,192,2,7,4>Met a friend for dinner here and was thoroughly surprised how good it was!! Granted, it was a Wednesday evening around 6pm, so it was kind of empty... But the restaurant filled up as the night went on. Service was very attentive and waters were constantly refilled. My friend had the Pad Thai, and I had the Green Curry. Portion size was decent for the price and the food was great. The Pad Thai was not too dry and was evenly cooked (you'd be surprised how many places can't stir fry rice noodles). The green curry wasn't overly spicy but still had that curry kick. I thought it was actually better than most of the other Thai places in the city! Definitely want to come back!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/28/2013,110,202,2,5,6>I feel like Cafe La Maude is still relatively unknown.  How is this possible? How does it not get the attention that Honey's and Green Eggs get? I mean I LOVE the fact that there is no ridiculous hour long wait or lines of people waiting to get in for Sunday brunch, but I just don't get it.The food at Cafe La Maude is fantastic and unique.  Where else can you get hummus, eggs and chorizo all piled together in one dish? Where else can you get a croissant breakfast pizza-ish type thing? They also have sweeter dishes like the amazing key lime french toast. Everything on the menu looks so good that I feel like I must return many times to try it all. The space is a lot bigger than it looks, with a large back dining room in addition to the front room and the cute outside tables.  I love the decor, very chic.  And not cutesy-busted 'shabby chic', I mean beautifully decorated with beautiful (marble?) tiled floors. For some reason it took me years to check this place out, but I'm pretty sure I'll become a regular here.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/27/2013,47,40,2,16,8>Sexy, Hot, SALSA! When I am in the mood to cut a rug, this is it! The hottest nights are Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. With a $5 cover charge you get a super fun salsa lesson. Salsa lessons start at around 9:30ish and last for about an hour. When the class is all done, you get  to practice your moves and dance the night away until 2am! The DJ plays mainly salsa but he also plays other Latin tunes like bachata and merengue. The club itself is pretty small and gets packed so come early if you want to snag a seat at the bar. Also, prepare to sweat! This place gets HOT! I really love the crowd here. There is a mix of all ages (21 and up) and nationalities. You also have your beginner dancers as well as the pros. I promise you will have a fun time. I always do!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/25/2013,47,194,11,12,6>Jesus. Awesome food. I never go to places in this price range but a friend offered me a meal here and I couldn't reject it.Crudo Sampler: excellent! Super pricy at $18 but it was worth getting to try everything. The Yellowfin Tuna was the winner of the three but all were great.The sides here are probably what I'd go back for on my own dime. The Spice Maple-Bacon Peanuts are amazing. No need to describe why. The name is exactly why. Hauntingly good.The Cheddar Grits are obnoxiously fattening but so very delicious. It tastes like the best Mac'n'Cheese money could buy in mushy porridge form. That doesn't sound appetizing but just deal with my description. The Sandwiches are where its at and 1/2 the price of the entrees but just as well portioned. The Mushroom Toasty is amazing. My friend let me sample his and I wish I would've ordered it too. Not something you'd get to have at your average restaurant but delicious.Now, their burger is where its at. Huge. Can't fit it in your mouth, awkward porno awestruck face, awesomely huge. Insert hyphens where you want. No need for bacon even. Don't waste the $4. The fries are...good but honestly way too greasy/oily for me. I would rather have much more potato-y fries. They should get some baked sweet potato steak fries and I'd kill for that. I'd ask for a leaner side if you can because the burger already is painful.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/24/2013,49,214,,10,8>We had a reservation for Opening Night at Serpico and we were very impressed with the space, the food, and the service.  We were able to score 2 seats at the Chef's Counter which is always a plus.  I really like that the kitchen is visible because it just gives you something else to talk about and watch.  You can definitely tell that there are Momofuku inspirations here and that is to be expected.  We started off with drinks, I got the South Street Sour which was wonderfully made and I ended up having more than 1.  We ended up ordering a total of 8 dishes including dessert and we were really full by the end of the meal.  We just wanted to make sure that we tried as much as possible.  2 plates at a time were served to us and we were given enough time between the courses to just talk with each other and enjoy ourselves.  We started off with the Market Ceviche and the Fluke Crudo which were both very good, but the crudo was definitely stellar with the jalapeno infused olive oil.  Next we got the Deep Fried Duck Leg Sandwich and the Hand Torn Pasta.  This is tough because both were unbelievably tasty but the duck leg sandwich was just out of this world.  Next we got the Waygu flap that was deep fried and the Caper Brined Trout.  Again both of these were very very tasty but if I had to pick a winner it was the trout.  The trout was cooked absolutely perfectly and came with a potato risotto which was a perfect pairing for the dish.  We ended the meal with the Toasted Apple Cake and the Rocky Road dessert.  Both were spectacular and had some really cool texture plays (freeze dried apples) and I liked them equally so it's hard to pick a winner.  For being rated $$$$ on Open Table and on Yelp, we didn't think that the prices were all that bad for what you got.  You will need to order 2-3 dishes though so just be prepared for that.  We will definitely be back soon once Serpico gets a little bit more mature and I can't wait for them to start offering specials and also this fall when they switch up the menu a bit.  This is a must-go now in Philly.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/23/2013,4498,831,7,19,12>Wow, what a great name!  Could they possibly have great food to go with it?  The answer is YES!  Several fellow Yelpers that I trust have been raving about these folks so they were on my short list.The lovely wife was next door at Pink Nails so I stopped in to give them a shot. As the name implies you can have your cheesesteak made the usual way with typical beef or you can choose 100% filet mignon that is marinated in bourbon glaze and charbroiled.I decided to go with a "normal" cheesesteak for $6.75 and I added pepperoni for an extra $.75.  Cheesesteak aficionados know that for a sandwich to be great, everything needs to work together. If any ingredient is substandard the sandwich fails. If one ingredient overpowers the others, failure again.  This sandwich was GREAT!  It was quite simply a harmony of wonderful flavors.  It wasn't huge but it was absolutely delicious.  The lovely wife showed up when I had about three bites remaining and she snapped them up so fast I needed to check to see if I still had all my fingers!  Her eyes lit up with pleasure.So a couple of days later my wife stopped in with a friend and they each tried a specialty steak with filet mignon.  Hers was "THE ARISTOCRAT" with portabella mushrooms and her friend's was "THE ZORBA" with tzatziki sauce.  They were each very pleased.On my next visit I can't wait to try the filet mignon version myself.  Then I'm going to need to stop back again to try the pizza.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/22/2013,293,115,3,15,14>Who doesn't love a happy ending with amazing fro-yo?Happily Ever After is totally awesome for people who like to have tons of different toppings and control over the toppings on their fro-yo. I can't deny I am one of these people.Reasons why Happily Ever After 's will give any fro-yo lover a perfect ending:1. Creative flavors such as 100% organic green tea and nutella! 2. Lots of toppings - cookies, nuts, cereal, fresh fruit, mochi balls, tapioca, marshmallows, syrups3. They're happy to give out free samples4. Self-serve, pay by weight, 38 cents/ounce5. Frequent buyer card6. Friendliest fro-yo service ever7. They also have bubble tea, smoothies, orangettes, cherry mice, and caneles!So with the explosion of high-end frozen yogurt stores in Philly and the continual rollout of frozen yogurt-type desserts, Happily Ever After truly stands out from the ever growing crowd. My new favorite place along with Yogorino!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/21/2013,62,177,3,10,8>On a rainy beach day we had to find something to do, so we drove from O.C. to Cape May, about 20 mins in the car.  I had sampled one of their brews at a local restaurant (Tuckahoe Inn), and saw one of their beer signs hanging on the wall with their website.  I checked it out and decided if it rained we were heading there, Well I should have looked at the website closer because we pulled up to the brewery on a Tuesday (the only day they are closed. for tours.) However there was a couple sitting at the bar so we walked up to the counter,  There was Bob Krill the owner's father. He asked if we needed anything and we said we would like a tour. Unfortunately Tuesday's is when they brew their beers. and the couple at the bar was from Canada and he didn't want to turn away patrons, so he let us come inside as well.  For $11 we each got a souvenir pint glass and 4 chips to sample 4 different brews.  Each pour was about 7 ounces. We sat back and talked with Bob and learned how the brewery came about. His son and college roommate were home brewers and gave it a shot to pursue their dream, 2 years later they are already in over 40 restaurants through out the shore and still growing, they hope to bottle in the near future.  The sell their beers by the growler in both 32 oz or the traditional 64 oz. growler. This was something I have never seen but really smart because you can take more samples with you.  I hope to see this beer in a bottle someday and wish Bob, Chris and Ryan the best in the future! I want them to be the next Dogfish. I will think of their brews every time I drink out of my glasses.  Cheers!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/20/2013,147,140,4,5,6>I absolutely give this salon five stars! Three of us went in for an afternoon pedicure and brought along our two year old sidekick to also have her tiny toes painted. We were greeted by the friendliest smiling faces and they were so excited that we brought our tiny companion with us (its always unknown whether or not people will be into the idea of a baby coming in for grown-up treatments).We all sat next to each other in the small but well laid out salon and each received a fantastic pedicure! The nail tech who was working on my sister and baby niece was so friendly and sweet to little J. We all basically just laughed for 30 minutes straight. It's a very nice vibe here at 4 Sisters!After we all had our pedicures done, one woman painted little J's toes and got such s kick out of it. Thank you for being so awesome!Pedicure $30Manicure $15Boom.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/19/2013,158,461,,7,6>I've been wanting to come to Dock Street for quite a while now, and I figured it was a cool place, judging from the crowds of people sitting outside that I make my way through every time that I pay a visit to Satellite Cafe. One particular Saturday night I decided to take the plunge. My girlfriend and I decided to sit at the bar since it was a particularly hot and humid night. We ordered two of their pizzas and several of their beers on draft. Although almost every one of their pizzas looked delicious, I settled on the A La Cocca and my girlfriend went with the Mellow Yellow.  The A La Cocca consists of creme fraiche, fontina, and spinach, topped with a fried egg. The Mellow Yellow consists of brown mustard, creme fraiche, portobello, white mushroom, mozzarella, and gruyere topped with scallions. So to answer the question that you are thinking, YES, they were both absolutely delicious. Between the thin crust and quality of ingredients that you are presented with, these pizzas really are worth every bite. Although I can't remember what we tried on draft, I can say that there was not a beer that I didn't like and that I will definitely return again since they rotate their list often. Our bartender couldn't have been nicer and happily answered our questions about the beer, the brewery, and gave us some history of Dock Street. He even gave me the owner's contact information incase I wanted to take a tour of the brewery. So as far as customer service, Dock Street definitely has you covered! I was also pleasantly surprised that both the food and beer were both very reasonably priced.  Now that the sticky summer night are coming to an end, I look forward to sitting outside and enjoying my beer on a nice, cool Autumn night.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/10/2014,828,1172,3,10,11>I had already covered in my Elite Event (yelp.com/biz/yelp-elite-) review how my not going to see a show at Boot & Saddle yet was basically a gross asinine mistake on my part that I had to rectify ASAP. So when I saw that We Are Scientists (love them!) were playing 2 shows back to back, I decided to check at least one out, and hit up the bar for a bite to eat and couple drinks before the show. And when it comes down to it The Boot might not just be the best smaller scale music venue in Philly, its also the best venue to enjoy a meal at!from the GIANT boot sign out front; to bull ropes, full wooden tables, and elaborate cowboy art; the decor is full on wild wild west. And whats even more amazing about it is how faithful and unchanged the R5 Productions/Four Corners Management crew kept it from the bar's old school line dancing days. Add in the spot on service and you have some flawless ambiance which carries over in the impressive food and drink menu, and you have a winning destination.For the first bite we were completely amazed by the fried beef chips, which were essentially tiny country fried steaks among a plate slathered in green onion jam and house made ketchup. Good to the last bite and a hard one to resist licking the entire plate clean afterwards! While I was VERY tempted to revisit the octopus that I savored at the Elite Event, or join my dining partner in digging into the decadent pierogies with  cheddar, beef kielbasa, caramelized onions, and creme fraiche; I couldn't help but find myself drawn to the turkey burger. Normally I find myself disliking the dryness of turkey burgers compared to regular or veggie. But the combination of duck fat and chili relish managed to give it a bit of heat and pizzazz that was balanced out by the tang of the roasted apple mayo. Add in fries and a house pickle that could have been just a touch crisper, and I was left pleasantly fulfilled.The beer list has plenty of favorites from the likes of Elysian and Ommegang on draft, as well as a widespread selection of cans that are perfect to take in for a show. The cocktail list manages to bring out the best in Art in the Age's standards, but the bartenders are capable of mixing on the fly as needed. The sound for the venue is absolutely flawless and among the best in the city, and the close proximity to the stage that you can maintain leads to the making of plenty of memorable concert moments in the making.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/9/2014,584,358,9,11,8>This place quite possibly made the best burger I've had in Philadelphia.  I love the build your own burger options.  Mine goes something like this:Two burger pattiesAmerican cheeseBaconFried EggRaw onionJalapenosArugula (optional)MayoNot your style?  Weren't you paying attention?  I said it's build your own!  Make your own damn burger, but don't expect it to be as good as mine.  Seriously, your burger sucks.My friend recommends the Truffle Oil Fries, but I went with the original and they were great.  Whenever I find myself in downtown Philly and craving a burger, this is my new go-to place.  Damn, I want one right now!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,7/8/2014,293,115,19,30,26>I starved myself all day in preparation for going to battle at the Panasian Buffet. First tip of buffet warfare: Scout your enemies. My stomach growled and my eyes lit up. I was super impressed with the huge variety and the fact that the food was presented so nicely at the buffet tables.  There were stuffed crabs, stuffed clams, octopus which I found super interesting, crab meat, crab legs, ribs, pork, fish, dumplings, rice, noodles, soups, salads, hibachi... the list goes on and on. They even had the largest sushi selection I've seen and I normally don't  go anywhere near the sushi at a buffet but it looked so enticing that I just had to try it. It was ALL delicious. Whatever was supposed to be hot was hot, whatever was supposed to be fresh was fresh. The food I had could have very easily been served to me by a waiter and I would not have known this was "buffet food".  This does not mean I don't know good food... it just means I know when something is better than I would have ever expected it to be.Service was on par. The plates that were used were promptly removed from our table, refills were immediately offered and I saw someone bringing out food all the time. I was really surprised that they served such nice food at a buffet place for such a great price and it is definitely a place I will continue to visit at lunch or dinner. Additional tips to come out victorious in any chinese buffets:1) Devour as much seafood as you can.2) Stay away from fillers such as noodles and rice3) Order tea or water instead of soda! 4) Chi he wan! It's chinese for eat for fun! It's a buffet, not a fine dining restaurant!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,7/7/2014,62,177,,7,4>Finding a good cheese steak in the suburbs is really hard, but I think i have found one to my liking. These guys know what they are doing. The roll is fresh and the meat is plentiful and peppered up just how I like it! Had to try the Raspberry Peppercorn wings after seeing the reviews and pictures on yelp. They did not disappoint. The wings were big and crispy and smothered in the juices. Even some pineapple chunks to go along with them.  Phil A Mignon, you have a new fan and I will be back again, either on my way to work or visiting the family.  Thanks for the great service and food!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/6/2014,563,317,14,11,10>If you are into burgers, cool original mixed drinks, and bourbon, then Village Whiskey is nirvana.  I got here a little early on Friday night to avoid the rush (they don't take reservations) and was seated within five minutes.The indoor part is small...perhaps six tables and a bar that seats around 12.  I should probably state right off the bat that most of the menu is unhealthy, with the possible exception of the numerous bourbon selections that will help dissolve the fatty deposits that would otherwise accumulate on your arterial walls.  The beet presentation was delicious, served in a small mason jar with sliced bread and tapenade.  I also had a couple mixed drinks, one of which was a Negroni knock-off prepared with mango and vodka.  A nice twist on my favorite concoction.But if you are to dine at VW, you are there for a burger.  If I am going to evaluate a burger, I avoid tempting distractions like foie gras (available for some major extra coin) and instead stick with tomato, lettuce, onion, pickle, ketchup, and mustard.  Only then can a burger be properly evaluated; if it passes this muster, or mustard as the case may be, then subsequent visits will demand more extravagant toppings.  The Village burger was a triumph, a legit half pound of good 'ol American myocardial infarction inducing ground beef, cooked to perfection (in my case medium) with fresh ingredients on a gourmet roll.  The red onion was so potent that any hope of romance for later during the night was quashed, but it was worth it.  I think.  Hey, it didn't bother my dog, and perhaps for the first time I was able to meet my canine companion on equal, stinky-breath terms...me, onion, her...mackerel.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,7/5/2014,50,56,3,6,4>Here you'll find my favorite pizza in South Jersey: The simple-but-so-good meatball pie. I mean this thing is GOOD. Pork meatballs are juicy and just a little spicy, the pizza dough has just the right amount of chew, and the tomato sauce is sweet and not too chunky. But it's the smoked mozzarella that puts me overboard. That cheese is addicting. So smokey and so flavorful. Needless to say, I don't really stray from that one dish- I've also had their clam pizza for sharing, but it fell pretty flat. Needed something more than just a few clams and some dough.Keep in mind that it can get really loud in there- but the back porch is really fun in the spring and summer, and they've got a really fair wine and beer list. They also list their wine by price which I appreciate (I'm one of those people who genuinely can't tell the difference). We always go with their house wine and have never been disappointed. They don't make reservations, and like most PJ's spots Treno tends to fill up pretty quickly, so be prepared to wait. But if you're a pizza fanatic like me, it's worth it.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/4/2014,25,34,12,16,12>Literally obsessed with this place!  So cute and girly inside with a pink and gray theme and chandeliers adorning the ceilings.  When you check in you are offered coffee, fruit water, or a mimosa.  When your stylist is ready he/she will sit you down at their station and go through the look you are desiring using a helpful style guide that basically shows you any kind of Blowout you could possibly want.  Then once you've dictated your desired style they take you to have your hair washed (which, lets face it, is the best part of getting your hair done).  Once washed the stylist dries and styles your hair.I have a ton of hair (seriously, Kim K and i have the same amount of hair but all of mine is real) and I went in with a crazy lame mess of locks and left in 45 minutes with a gorgeous mane.  I walked out into center city feeling like a movie star.  Just be careful going shopping with a model status blow out because you can never know if you really like the clothes you're trying on or if you just have awesome hair at the moment.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/3/2014,97,112,,8,9>The donuts are seriously the best in Philadelphia! Hand made and frosted! Such a rich and fun snack (i.e. - heavy snack).  Note the donut is made with real ingredients so its not a lite or fat free donut but so worth it! The lines can take long on a Friday b/c there are just too many to choose from... a dozen for less then $6 bucks. We had the frosted and coconut covered donut, strawberry jelly filled donut, the classic glazed, the oreo donut and the sour dough donut.  TIP ---- My favorite was the classic GLAZED which is a must try!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,7/2/2014,174,82,5,10,6>I am not a breakfast person in any way at all. Personally I'd rather eat a cheesesteak and call it a day. However when I do have a taste for it, I wind up at a diner and always seem to go to a place i've never tried before. The parking lot's layout is super weird. Small and a mix of regular spaces with diagonal ones which makes it a little difficult to park. While waiting on a friend, I did see folks driving towards the back so I'm assuming there's parking there somewhere. We were greeted and seated instantly. Place was packed but no lines or waiting so that was a good thing. Nice window seat too. Got a seat and a menu. Turns out, this place has a decent bar menu too and reasonable prices. Average cocktail was about $5-6. But I digress. My dining partner ordered grapefruit juice and asked if it were red or white. Waitress had no clue but offered to go and ask which she promptly did. It was white which my friend wanted. Friend ordered the juice along with a Belgian waffle and Canadian bacon. I ordered the two eggs, bacon and toast breakfast. That came with home fries as well. I had coffee, . Food was out in literally five minutes, whoot! Waitress checked on us once and that's fine with me. I don't need the overzealous waiter in my face during my entire meal anyway. I had a good time, good service and I'll be back when my breakfast craving kicks again in another six months lol. Hell, I will probably be back for a cocktail.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/1/2014,68,187,3,8,3>Don't go anywhere else for waxing. The professionalism, products, atmosphere and results here are simply the best. Head over heels above the rest. The organic nail services are quite good as well. They're slightly more expensive than your average nail salon but worth the periodic indulgence. I left smelling of coconut and my boyfriend actually noticed how smooth my hands were. I understand that the non toxic products are also safe for pregnant women - a good idea for a shower gift.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,5/14/2008,5,16,20,9,8>Cue HOC Theme music: (set to the tune of the Rocky Balboa training montage music)Chen Chen Chen, Chen Chen Chen.Chen Chen Chen, Chen Chen Chen. H.O.C. gets 5 Stars. Before you attempt to retort, please continue reading.There are a million aspects of the HOC that get 5 stars, unfortunately the food is not one of them. I would give the fare about 2 3/4 stars in true star-search-esque fashion to be honest. I will attempt to explain why you or anyone else should patronize this semi-fine establishment by listing all of the 5-star rated qualities below:Availability - HOC is the better of the two 24 hour china-town options that serve late night pu-pu trays. Jade harbor, being the other 24/7 option, is ok, but falls short on many levels such as decor, patience and host. Its also rumored to be a Triad hang out so we steer clear.Host - When you enter house of chen you will be greeted by Uncle Chen himself who resembles "Uncle Benny" from the Lethal Weapon Movies. Hes about a hundred and six years old and looks to be made of wax. He is the last remaining member of the 11th Street Chen dynasty and has been the greeter at HOC since 1968. We're not sure if he likes us, but when ever we come in he is there. Uncle Chen poses for pictures and high-fives us while making high pitched noises that only the elderly make. Come to think of it, hes never not been there. Hes like that one guy on the telemundo that hosts every show, just like him, Uncle Chen probably doesn't sleep either.  He's as affable as he is antique - if you meet him shake his hand and make him autograph your girls cleavage. You will smile on the inside every time you think of him.Staff - Uncle Chen's daughters. They also do not change. I believe they work 24 hours a day which makes me sad sometimes. There are two of them and for me they symbolize the true ying and yang of the restaurant. One is pleasant and giggles while rolling her eyes at the drunken idiots while we order our pu-pu trays and dip the fried noodles in anything liquid on the table. I think her name is Susan. The other waitress spits venom with every breath she takes. Her eyes are daggers and she finds no humor in our HOC theme song that we sing intermittently through the course of our meal. We don't know her name but to us she'll always be the dragon lady -  a true foil to Susan's endearing benevolence. I would bet she's spit in our food, but its ok we probably deserved it and she doesn't find our drunken humor at 5am funny. If I wasn't drunk and getting Chinese food, I would want to be sleeping too.Service - Fassssst, greasy and delicious. Menu - They have all of the MSG infused staples that bastardized authentic Chinese food turned takeout has inspired. No Fugu though.Adventure Factor - One out of every three times we go in there a group of crums from South Philly that probably just came from Egypt night club try to beat us up for being too loud. Its comical and scary at the same time to have an altercation with somone sporting a brooklyn blowout. But it definitely adds the intangible excitement of the unknown  to the overall experience.Decor - HOC is like a time machine to the golden era of true 19th century Chinese glory and posterity mixed with any of the Kumite scenes from the 80's movie bloodsport starring Jean Claude van Damme. Imagine being whisked away for a slow dragon boat ride on the Huang He river while the douche from bloodsport serves you egg rolls and spin kicks people nearby in the back of the face.Patience - Its kind of a subjective intangible, but in my book HOC get 7 stars for patience. My friends and I, although always having the best intentions, should have had the police called on us many times during our dining fiascoes at HOC especially the time we almost burned the place down by throwing the lit sterno from the pu-pu tray at each other. They continue to earn my business and my adoration by not getting the cops involved when we're all blacked out, making a mess and being inappropriate while trying to speak Chinese to the staff. And yes, your assumption that none of us know how to speak any legit Chinese is correct. Side note: We actually have one friend named Bok Choi who speaks fluent Chinese to them when we're there (hes Chinese). If you can believe it,  they dislike him the most - probably because he taught us how to say "chicken head" in Chinese among other things.  Hes a traitor, but hes our traitor, and we love him. While you will no doubt curse the HOC for its unavoidable heartburn the next morning, the next time you are deliberating on where to acquire late night food remember sometimes the story is better than the actual fare. So stop by, let yourself be immersed in the rich culture of the Orient and forge lasting memories that you and Uncle Chen can share for a lifetime.(note this review is meant to be ridiculous & funny - so if it offends you, c'mon lighten up. )
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,5/13/2008,128,137,7,11,11>I love National Mechanics.  Before I even went there, I wanted to love NM. It's so cool looking. Also, when I first wanted to try it, they had Yards Pynk on tap.  Pretty awesome. But, then, one fateful day, I tried to go to NM. The story goes like this: I finally convinced a friend (the lovely Jill F.) to try it with me, and as we're standing, within the columns of their porch, reading their menu, a pigeon hits us! This pigeon must have eaten the worst food (and I assume some cruel kids had fed it laxatives). In one go, it hit my head and arm and my friend's arm! It was the mother-load of pigeon poo!  So we used their bathrooms to rinse of the green gooeyness and went home.A month or two later, I hosted an Unofficial Yelp Event here (with the lovely George R.). We came without warning the establishment because we had no idea how many people to expect. The servers and managers were extremely helpful and friendly. The manager even came over and talked to me about Yelp and also told me that they put up pigeon guards since I was last there.   Then, the management gave all of the people in our party a shot on the house. Pretty awesome. Having been back several times now, I can say with confidence that the servers and bartenders are great, here. The food is tasty and really reasonably priced.I just wish they were open for lunch on the weekends. And one more time for luck: Pretty awesome. Snag a seat. Grab a pitcher. Enjoy yourself.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,5/12/2008,42,18,5,8,9>I heart 2nd Mile. I usually leave pretty stoked on my purchases. This winter I found 7 cashmere sweaters on one trip! Plus by shopping there, you're supporting a great community job-training program. Not to mention the green-ness of thrifting!Penn/Drexel kids must buy new wardrobes every month -- I always find brand new designer stuff there. The prices are cheap and the hours are amazing!  They're open Mon - Sat until 8pm. Note: Yeah, you probably won't find actual vintage here... but vintage is rare at any thrift store these days. If you want real vintage, look on ebay or go get ripped off on South Street.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,5/11/2008,211,309,8,11,11>If I had been dropped into TIME with a blindfold on and not allowed to look out the ginormous front window, I would NEVER have known it was once Ludwig's.  The place is so brightly lit and gorgeously decorated that it is nearly impossible to believe that just months ago it was that dirty bar with waitresses wearing ridiculous period garb.  The massive chandelier in the dining room doesn't even give me PTSD!!! (that's another story  but I will share if asked)  I like the way the back wall is 'clocked out' as I put it, which means lined with various clocks and paintings of clocks.  I don't usually approve of the names of places being literally translated into the interior decoration, but clocks are cool.All three bars are stunning.  The whiskey bar (the one on the right when you walk in) is shiny and stocked with all kinds of grainy goodies.  The dining room is like the opposite--light, airy, spacious and pretty minimal.  I guess in terms of the literal translation of the bar name, it's like night and day.My favorite bar, however, is the absinthe lounge, located upstairs.  It's their 'club' and while I'm not normally into clubs, I am when they serve absinthe. Particularly when they do it with beautiful glass water fountains,  spoons and sugar.  And when it's quality absinthe, I am a very happy girl.  I hope they keep this lounge on the down-tempo side and don't play boring house music.  The food is definitely steakhouse-type and very geared toward bovine flesh. Maybe not a good thing for a vegetarian, but they do have fish and chicken options.  Everything was very tasty except for the cheese plate which could use some imagination.The only thing that keeps me from going back frequently is the price-tag.[full disclosure: TK, my fiance, is a bartender at TIME but as always I try to be forthright and keep my biases to myself]
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2008,5/10/2008,23,25,11,6,7>Mmmm eye candy... it's like La Colombe refuses to hire unattractive males. This may be offensive for some of you but I'm not complaining if I get a chance to have a stud smile at me and tell me to have a great day. I know I WILL have a great day, thanks to my little interaction with that TDW (Tall Drink of Water, obvi). The coffee is good too-- but you can get it all over the city. I come to La Colombe for the smoking hot baristas. Call me shallow. I'll get over it.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,5/8/2008,28,113,6,7,7>Attention southern transplants (or other interested parties): this place has over 40 bourbons on the menu.  That is all.Ok, that is not all....Not only do they have over 40 bourbons on the menu, but the bartender (at least, the bartender who was working on the Thursday night that I visited) knows a fair bit about all of them and can make recommendations accordingly.  About eight of us bellied up to the bar to drink and eat from about 6:30PM to 9 or so.  A few other people trickled in and out, mostly to and from the bar, but other than that the place was pretty empty.  The bartender was fantastic, keeping track of all of our crazy orders and then splitting everything one by one (or two by two, depending) as we needed.  Food was delicious, but if you're a bourbon drinker.. you need only look at their website to make a decision.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,5/7/2008,99,463,8,7,9>Great beer selection, good deli, good selection of upscale corner store grocery items, and friendly staff who don't have problems answering questions. That is what you get at the Northern Liberties location. Yeah, it'll cost you an extra buck or two, but I also know of places that are way more expensive, so I'm not gonna complain about the prices. I'm always happy to stop in here and patronize this place... Plus, the last time I was in here, I saw hipsters, yuppies, and hippies all shopping here at the same time. Now if that doesn't prove that this place has magical powers, then I don't know what does...
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2008,5/6/2008,44,146,7,8,6>I'm going to break my own rule and review a live music venue based on one night of musicPros (+4)* Great selection of beer & great prices* Cool 'pit' area in front of the stage* Cool bar where you can hear the music and not pay a cover* Cool upstairs where you can look down on the bandCons (-1)* When you think there are 2 bands and a 9:00 show time and you show up around 9:30 figuring the opening band will start a little late and the opening band actually comes on at 10:00 (so bad that the guy behind me asked if the music would get better... as he was ready to chew his own face off), followed by an unannounced band that plays a 45 minute set, followed by the headliners coming on at midnight to a crowd that dwindled signficantly due to the earlier bands.Will I go back - of course.  Will I show up much later - hell yeah.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,5/4/2008,49,111,5,4,4>Wow... who ever thought I would be writing a review about my gyno in public forum? I sure didn't until I realized that Dr. Lee had already been reviewed on Yelp and I felt the need to throw in my props, too. I don't think there is any one woman who will ever say, "Gee! I can't wait to go to my next gyno appointment!" Not even Dr. Lee will make you proclaim that, even in a brief moment of insanity. What she WILL do is make you feel 100% comfortable about the whole experience. Every other gyno I have ever had has been pretty impersonable, but Dr. Lee makes it a point to get to know you... and she honestly CARES about the state of your health. I would happily recommend her to any woman that is looking for a good doctor. Also, her nurses and receptionists are always so friendly, helpful, and even FUNNY! The last time I was in her office, the one receptionist that was working the desk was cracking me up. You know if you get the opportunity to burst out into chuckles in the doctor's office, you're pretty much set up for a good experience.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,5/3/2008,202,329,5,5,5>one word: phenomenal.ok, maybe i shouldn't just completely blow my wad so quickly.  in any case, i came here for lunch, and it was amazing.  we started with the rabbit nachos.  i never thought i would be eating rabbit, much less enjoying it.  the meat was perfectly smoky and game-y, and the fried nacho wraps were perfectly greasy.  we got the venison cheesesteak and roast beef sandwich.  the roast beef was ok, but not spectacular.  the venison cheesesteak makes me almost love cheesesteaks.  and go with the fries.and dessert?  i'd go with the hazelnut pear souffle.  in the words of rachael ray, yumm-o.  seriously.the service was great, the place was quiet (no one was there) and there was great light shining through the windows.  i didn't drink, but it looks like they have a fabulously extensive wine list as well.  close to $900 for a bottle of dessert wine.  nice.my one caveat?  my breath was terribly stanky for the rest of the day.  glad there is no making out anywhere near in my future.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,10/24/2011,268,273,5,9,6>I bought a house in Glenside with my then fiance, now husband. I'm not a gardener and we bought it despite being described as a "gardener's dream." I like to get rid of weeds and cut back overgrown foliage, but that's pretty much the extent of my desire to garden. Primex makes everything easy for us.This is the kind of place where you can ask any question at the register about gardening and find a ton of information. On this trip, I was purchasing poison ivy weed killer, but I was also interested in hearing about composting. As we were rung up, I asked the man at the cash register how he composted. He answered my questions in detail. Does he compost in the winter? No, it's not worth the hassle. Where does that apple core go when I toss it in my backyard? A hungry squirrel is probably dragging it away for his dinner. I spent a good 10 minutes chatting with him and learned so much.Plus, because it was Saturday, and I *think* they have a Saturday-special in conjunction with the Glenside Farmer's Market, we got 20% off our purchase.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,10/23/2011,81,125,4,8,5>Food and Friends is like a convenience store dressed in formal attire. And although I'm usually trying to run and run out in a hurry, I always find myself slowing down to peruse all of the goodies they've got stocked. Think: every spur-of-the-moment desire with good taste in mind.They brew and sell bags of La Colombe, their fresh fruit salads are cut and packed with pride, they've got a few sushi rolls to-go, and a small but serviceable cheese case. They even offer all-natural and organic snacks and drinks along with the other big brand names. There's an enviable beer selection, too.  You can grab one, but you're rewarded with a 10% discount when you mix six.Quick Tip: $10 credit card minimum
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,10/22/2011,82,189,7,7,10>"Star Power"Frankly ... I am astonished to see the overall lowish star rating given Grocery's primacy in the lunch ring. Can we throw out all ratings from people who would be just as happy with a peanut butter hot pocket? This is ridiculous.If you're in this general vicinity of Center City and desire a quick, fresh, very high quality lunch to go, there simply is no other option. I don't mean, this is the best option. I mean there literally is no other option.In addition to their highly reliable staples such as the mustard chicken salad rolls and Asian chicken salad, both nutritious and scrumptious, their cold case is pretty fantastic. Any given day might bring you three different poached or grilled salmon options, lamb or homemade veggie burgers, sensational steak, and a top notch potato salad. They've got three or so soups in rotation from chili and chicken to chowders and annoying vegan options. They're not always my cup of ... soup, but I would be happy to have them over a miracle whip sandwich down the lane.The salad bar is compact and not always gripping but when the goal is to build a fresh, nutritious salad, with a mix of veg, grains, legumes (pretentious word, but it stays) and protein, I don't think you'll find better for blocks around. Some time ago I remember being on the fence about Grocery for service attitude issues, but those seemingly evaporated overnight and I've never seen them surface again. In fact, just the opposite: the folks who work there are sunshiney and very gracious. I also remember being bugged by a credit minimum but that's gone as well, so you don't have to hit any minimums to get the lunch you want on a card.I grant you their prices on some items can strain credulity, in particular for tiny bags of candy. But have you tried their grape jelly beans or mint chocolate malt balls? They are the treat of kings (or queens). And sure, the prices overall are high enough to make it more of a treat than a daily grind. When there's no competition, the sky's the limit.It's cliche really, but the only limit to your joy there is your imagination. OK, and your wallet.So quit yer bellyachin', kids!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,10/21/2011,828,1172,6,15,12>Did you ever find yourself wishing that you could step into your living room or dining room circa the 60s, 70s, 80s? Fortunately for you Era Atomica delivers that equivalent while allowing you to take more than a little piece home with you.After just 6 days of business, Era Atomica has found the perfect niche as being a premiere spot for vintage furniture, with a whole warehouse in Montgomery County, online sales, and then some backing it up; its able to find inventory to replace sold items on a fresh weekly basis. and the fact that it manages to maintain such efficiency while its sales floor manages to look like a vintage living room is quite amicable. From classic light fixtures, to glassware & kitchen items, to wooden fixtures & throwback chairs they have it all. And if they don't have it when you arrive They're able to open a request for you in their books and check back with the warehouse on a consistent basis. and whether its for little things like coasters and trays, or big things like desks and sofas. The prices are also pretty reasonable on the vintage scale.I may be kind of bias towards the customer service since its the tag team of Stacey B. and Taryn Paper holding the fort. But their customer service is extremely attentive, knowledgeable, and knows when to have a good time. On their first ever 2nd Saturday on Passyunk Ave they had a cocktail bar, and took pictures of guests as they sat in a vintage egg chair that was a true throwback from A Clockwork Orange (that you can wire a sound system into!). all vintage candlesticks came with free designer candles, and all plant pottery came with a plant and a directions card for how often to water it. To borrow upon a phrase from The Dude, if you're looking for a piece of furniture to really tie that room together, then Era Atomica is an absolute must.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,10/20/2011,400,308,4,7,6>I am a fan. A big one. Finally some kind of waterfront property development that allows us to venture out into the Delaware river and catch a closer glimpse of the beautiful and expansive Ben Franklin Bridge.  This pier's new railings still smell of gorgeous cedar and on my latest visit over the weekend when it was overcast and a breeze lingered in the air and over the water, it was simply perfect and refreshing.I love the way the pier is designed in two levels and allows you to meander just so with lots of seating along the way.  Plenty of freshly planted trees and various flora, green grass and it's so clean! - Take advantage of it while it lasts.  Watch the boats meander down the river, let the wind run through your hair, bring a book and a snack and kill a couple hours.  Great for photo-ops.No riding bikes allowed or fireworks (ha! unless you have a permit) and the whole place closes after 11 pm (understandably).I share in Michelle C.'s sentiment: if only this development could blossom into some grand scale waterfront redesign à la Boston or Chicago.  One can dream, can't they?
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,10/19/2011,96,186,15,9,9>I had a naughty idea on Friday night. We've been going to Vietnam Restaurant since before I lived here. Two years ago, within the walls of Vietnam Restaurant, the idea to move to Philly was hatched. I love it there. But on Friday, instead of going to our longtime favorite, I wondered what would happen if what if we went to Vietnam Palace, DIRECTLY ACROSS THE STREET? I felt like we were performing some weird act of restaurant betrayal, but I had to know. I had to cross into the bizzaro world. And it was good there. Was it better than Vietnam? I can't say. There were things I liked more (the sauce that came with my vermicelli and the seafood dumplings) and things I liked less (the decor & general ambiance, the spring rolls - which were good, but I prefer Vietnam's). There were things that were identical (the cans of soda, the MENU for most part). Ultimately, it was a good experience and I liked it there. I enjoyed my vegetarian spring roll vermicelli immensely and Mike enjoyed his non-vegetarian springroll vermicelli + shrimp. We ordered essentially what we typically order across the street to compare. Although I have somewhat of an emotional attachment to their rivals (are they rivals? I'm guessing they're rivals) across the street, as far as the food, service, and space go, it's pretty much a draw between the two.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/18/2011,149,297,3,4,5>When I was young and broke, I used to make it my priority to come here, at least once a month.  This is one of many Steven Starr hits, for good reason - he has made simple Cuban food into a trendy affair.  Just imagine yourself on a rockin' Saturday night, in a blazer and jeans, sipping either on capirinhas or Mojitos (or both), while relaxing in their first-floor lounge.   Mix in a few well-dressed women, and you got yourself one fine, sophisticated evening.   Even better than a club, IMO.Ah, those were the days...
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,10/17/2011,52,53,16,7,6>My intent was to drive home and eat my kafta manakeesh at the kitchen table, like a Human being.  However, I made it barely two city blocks before I was kicked in the head by the spicy, earthy fragrance of the ground lamb/beef wrapped in warm and crispy Lebanese flatbread.  I also noticed that the bag was dripping "meat juice" all over my beautiful leather seats.  I had no choice but to park illegally and tear into this thing.Bliss and Euphoria!  I can't stress to you enough just how fucking good these flatbread sandwiches are.  The juxtaposition of warm, freshly made flatbread with boldly spiced meat/veg filling is brilliant.   And so cheap!   Half way through eating this sandwich, I wanted to jump out of my car, run down the street, and hi-five a homeless person.  For dessert, I had a 'nut bar drizzled in honey' - also quite good.   I look forward to exploring the rest of the menu, which includes varied meat/veg options as well as desserts and coffee aplenty.  I did not indulge in espresso, but did note a pretty legit looking espresso machine behind the counter. Overall, pretty incredible... well worth my car smelling like lamb and cumin for the indefinite future.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,10/16/2011,66,71,2,41,28>I rarely...-give 5 stars-write a review the same day as my experience-find salons that offer haircuts for less than $40 in this city-receive a thorough pre-haircut shampoo with an awesome scalp/neck massage -get to fully discuss with a stylist what I want done, what I've had done in the past, how I style my hair, how much time my morning routine takes, my hair's natural tendencies, etc.-am completely satisfied with a new haircutThe staff at Moko is great and Jessica, my stylist, gave me a totally versatile haircut. I felt like she was a mind reader. Not only did she discuss everything before the haircut, she also explained what she was doing as she was cutting and gave me styling tips and instruction. The end result is a long shag cut that I can style different ways (or not at all) with side bangs that can be worn on either side. She was social, but not overly talkative, which I really appreciated as a nice contrast to the usual excessive, chatty, superficial conversation that goes on at salons.  Moko uses only organic products (which smell great by the way) and  offers haircuts on Tuesdays for an astonishing $29 to first time clients! The bad thing is that the regular price is a bit much for me, but I had such a great experience, I know I'll be back anyway.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/15/2011,212,160,11,11,9>With it's long holes, most of which are relatively straight, this is a great course to come get in some wood work. Mix in some rolling alleys, a few water hazards (hence the name five ponds), and a couple tough dog legs, and you'll find this is a pretty challenging spot to do your weekend yard work. Probably got the club record with my 41 above par the other Saturday I came here (1:10 tee time with cart for $65), but I still had a great outing. As far as difficulty goes, I found the front nine to be the worst of it, because that's where most of the water hazards came into play (though I did have my only two splash downs of the day when I was on 17); utilizing the on location driving range with it's $5 baskets is a good way to work out that first hole rust, and should help keep your score down a little. Long greens will give you room to work on your putting, and there are also a few short holes where you can flaunt your skill wirh the irons. I suggest making your tee time because it can get pretty bumping here, and I doubt they'll hold your spot long. Sneaking beers on looked possible as long as you stay somewhat covert about it, but they also sell sixers at $12 each (during peak season they are $18). Five ponds is a great scenic course with a good atmosphere of professionalism; enough class to stand out from the more lax city courses, but also relaxed enough that you won't feel like too much of a tool when you shank your first tee shot.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/20/2014,113,296,,6,3>My sister and her boyfriend have been raving to me about Harusame for some time now, so I finally decided to check it out with them one Friday night.As other reviewers have mentioned, parking can be an absolute mess.  There is a small train parking lot directly across the street from the restaurant, but that was jam packed the night I went there.  We ended up finding some street parking with a short walk back to Harusame.When we walked into the restaurant, it was packed!  This isn't really surprising because it's a small location, but people were waiting in the wings to be seated, which is a great sign of good food.  We were able to grab a spot at the little bar inside and start with some drinks while they were getting our table ready.  They have a pretty decent craft beer selection in the back by the kitchen, which made me happy.  I did try one of the cocktails and wasn't blown away - too much fruity froo froo and not enough liquor for my taste.  Next time, I'll stick with beer.Once we were seated, the waitress came right over to ask if we had any questions about the menu.  For a starter, I went with the kani salad.  It was a large portion, which is always nice to see, and had a nice flavor but I like my salads with some heat so next time, I'm going to ask for it to be spicy.  The fish was sooo fresh.  I mean, if they can get a kani salad right, I'm excited to try the entrees.  I ordered the seafood udon - a noodle soup with fresh salmon, scallops, and shrimp.  It...was...delicious!  The broth was flavorful, the noodles were cooked perfectly, and the fish...I can't say it enough....SO fresh.  The scallops were my favorite part.  They looked like they were split open and grilled before being tossed into the broth.  I was a happy camper!Good food, good service, and ridiculously good prices!I will definitely be back!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/19/2014,102,182,,10,3>Délicieux! I think the Art Alliance building finally got it right. Le Cheri is just perfect for this space. The ambience and look of this space is totally perfect for upscale-ish french cuisine. Now onto the food...Dare I say that this might be the best steak tartare I've ever had? I dare. It was melt in your mouth tender, with a delicious lightly dressed frisee salad on top with crunchy homemade potato sticks. Heaven! We then had some sort of stew with chicken oysters, sausage and I can not remember the rest but it was bold, homey and delicious! For our main courses we had the artic char and the steak frites. The char was the winner for me but not because the steak wasn't also amazing. The char was perfectly cooked and laid on top of a tasty succotash with a creamy sunchote puree. A little bit of everything made for the most perfect bite! The steak frites was also amazing. So tender, rich and the frites were fantastic! I can only describe them is as mashed potatoes, formed into a rectangle and deep fried....um yeah. By the time we got through all of that food, we really didn't have any space for dessert. Dessert will have to wait for our next visit and yes, we will be back!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/18/2014,59,149,6,7,5>Hands down the best lunch truck food I've ever had. Thai Tacos? WTF is that? They're amazing that's what. This place has such unique food that will blow you away. Plus it's cheap because its a lunch truck ($6 range), and plus there's great consistency. You do often have to wait in line during lunch hours, so it's not ultimate 2 minute for a hoagie truck type, but the quality is much higher. If you're on Drexel's campus, you should try this place! Better than any of the restaurants on campus too. I'm vegetarian and usually get the veggie burger (and they make it for me without the buns to save some carbs!)
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/17/2014,238,323,5,8,4>Love you all, Cozy Nails! I go to Cozy for my pedicures; they're more expensive than the cheapest place, less expensive than the most expensive place (~$30), and the massages (leg during pedi, shoulder while you're drying) are THE BOMB.I'm also convinced that their pedicures for me last very long, and they're really attentive to detail. Even certain fancy nail places will paint uneven and just leave it -- not so at Cozy. They're on it with the details.But back to the treatment you get there. The staff are so nice, and remember me even though I come in like once every 3 months (maybe once a month in summer). The salon keeps HGTV on, like always, which I think is adorable esp. since I went out of town and another salon had CNN and it was many kinds of messed up. Give me cute houses any day. They were also great when I scheduled a pedi the same time as a friend, which sometimes can be tricky. These people are great!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/16/2014,144,370,1,13,11>I have been dying to go here FOREVER and I finally got to visit with a few friends last Saturday for a birthday event. The experience at Hop Sing is meant to feel very authentic and they hit that nail right on the head. The decor is fantastic-- it at once manages to be eclectic, pulled together, and a mix of a smoking room and a library. This place is very dark (I assume to discourage you from knowing who else is frequenting the establishment).I got a kick out of being asked why I was visiting the iron door, and the wait outside while they decided whether to let us in was deliciously uneasy. Once we got in, we were briefed on the rules (apparently, you can text in the bar, by the way. You just can't take pictures or phone calls) and then shown to our table.Obviously, it's cash-only and all of the drinks are over $10, so beware. I tried the General Tso's Chocolate Shake (I think that's what it was called), which was some sort of vodka drink with chocolate and espresso liqueur. Yes, just yes. Second drink was the Bramble (gin and raspberry syrup, essentially), which was so fruity that I couldn't taste the alcohol.Absolutely impeccable service. All of our servers were super discreet and prompt, and just fantastic overall.I will be back. New favorite place to visit all dolled up. Even the small hiccup with our late friends was only slightly uncomfortable as the staff figured out how to fit an extra seat at the table and we picked our friends up from outside.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,7/15/2014,55,169,,10,6>Great find! Went for 1st time during Philly Beer Week. 11 IPAs on tap; flights of 4 for $10, hell yeah!Had one of the best beers @ PBW; Free Will Mango Habenero  Imperial IPA- unbelievable.The atmosphere was mellow, open,airy and welcoming.  Excellent service.Great bar tenders who really know their shit when it comes to beers & cocktails.Did not try or see any food (The amazing Sky Cafe, 3 blocks away was our next stop), but the menu looked interesting.Another great pub I will definitely be returning to.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/14/2014,180,143,2,12,7>I just woke up and remembered. I looked down at my arm and smiled. The red ink peeked out from underneath my bandage, and It looked so deeply set in my skin, I know it's going to heal like a champ.          Flash forward day 4 - I'm healed up, and my color is AMAZING  - I just can't get over the quality of this piece. You know, with any artist you hire to do something for you, whether it's a hairdresser or a painter you commission, you come in with your  own ideas about what you want. The mark of a true artist is one who is free of ego and will work WITH you to extract your vision from your head, a sort of unspoken translation of ideas. How many women have brought their hairdresser a picture of a cut and walked out in tears? When I presented my idea, Alex was psyched to go in the portrait route, which he would have nailed, but it doesn't fit my style and although I loved all of his ideas, the idea I had held in my mind was the one I knew I needed to go with.  Alex had me in for a consultation a week before our sitting, and he was tireless in presenting me with decisions. And thank god, because it's important and he gives a hoot. He takes great pride in his work because his clients are his portfolio. All week we kept communication open about the piece while we both sketched, drew, and revised.            I could have gone to any of the shops downtown - it would have been easier seeing as I could walk there. But I'm glad I didn't, because having Alex as my Tattoo Artist was the right choice. He's quiet, he's honest, he listens,  and when it comes to the lifelong commitment of a tattoo, he will make you consider every aspect you had overlooked. This isn't a process you rush - so prepare to take your time and do this right.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/13/2014,232,522,3,11,6>Wait a second. I've never reviewed Valenzano? Well, that doesn't make sense. After all, my fridge is consistently stocked with at least one bottle of Shamong Red -- a dangerously sweet concord grape that will steal your soul if you're a sweet wine fan.The tasting room is in the middle of the Pinelands -- but you won't miss it when driving down Route 206. Place is fancy inside and out. Each fall, they even host a huge Jersey wine gathering -- as well as several other events throughout the year.If you're making the trip to the winery from Philly, you might as well make a day of it. Stop in Tabernacle -- walk through the cemetery (home of Indian Ann), stop at Russo's for some fruit, and pop into Nixon's General Store. Drive down to Atsion Mansion and Atsion Lake. Walk around. Get back in your car and go to the Carranza Memorial. Maybe Emilio will fly overhead!Valenzano may be situated in the middle of nowhere-farm-and-woods-land, but there are so many hidden, great things to do out in the Pine Barrens! I promise the Jersey Devil won't nab you in the process. (Though: Valenzano's Jersey Devil Port is worth a taste!)
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/12/2014,85,109,1,12,6>I read the reviews that said this place was hit or miss. Well my experience this past Saturday night was a definite hit. The food was fresh and interesting and the waitress was friendly and helpful. My wife and I are always looking for that next level Mexican place and, at least on our first visit, this place passed the test.  When we sat down, the waitress brought us chips and salsa. If the chips aren't made in house, they sure tasted like it. They were warm and crunchy. The salsa was a tangy brown mole style concoction which was great - smoky and spicy. Then we split a Diego's chopped salad which had fresh lettuce, bacon, cucumbers, and cactus bits. I don't think I've ever had cactus before but it was good. It had kind of a sour taste that, as the waitress pointed out, was a nice balance to the sweet, salty bacon. We also ordered a guacamole app. It was guac with chips, queso fresco, and some other bits. It was good but totally unnecessary as we'd eaten a bowl and a half of chips before we even ordered. But the guacamole was very fresh.My wife was trying to decide between fajitas and some other dish and asked the waitress for guidance. This happens a lot and usually it's just a matter of what you're in the mood for. Some servers will say, "it depends what you're in the mood for". While this is an honest response, it's not ever what the person asking the question is looking for. At Diego's the waitress responded quickly and definitively, "get the fajitas". The fajitas turned out to be very good with nice pieces of chicken that were tender and juicy (as opposed to dry and stiff, which is a concern with fajitas) and the vegetables were fresh, colorful and cooked just past crunchy but short of limp which is perfect. Ideally, in this situation, the waitress is familiar with the kitchen and advises you to order the dish that she knows the kitchen will do well. I think that's what happened here. But even if she was mentally flipping a coin, her certainty and decisiveness are really the most important element in the exchange. It gave us the feeling that the waitress cares about our experience and knows what she's talking about.  She really was great (wish I'd gotten her name). We asked her some questions about how long the place had been open, etc. and she had all the answers and the patience to deliver thoughtful responses.I had a lamb special with a red wine reduction, side of chorizo and potato hash (see picture). It was very good. I wasn't sure this was the right place to order such a thing but when I told the waitress I was strongly considering the lamb special she gave me a confident nod and backed it up with testimony. She said that they had it as a special last weekend too and every plate came back totally empty, a good sign for sure. It was very good and not at all what I expected to eat when I made the reservation. It was tender and tasty. It had enough distinct flavor to let you know that it was lamb and not beef but it wasn't gamey. It was like a mini rack of lamb and red wine reduction instead of traditional mint jelly (which I'm not a huge fan of so that worked out for me). Lastly, the drinks...They had two special margaritas. I had one and my wife had the other. For her, a mango strawberry deal and I had the blackberry basil one. Hers got high marks and I loved mine. It was outside the normal realm of margaritas that I've encountered. The flavors were a great combination. Round one had a nice booze to juice ratio while the booze clearly won round two which is fine with me.  Some final thoughts: The bill was about $95 before tip ($30 in drinks) but the menus are paper placemats.  Didn't seem to fit. The place may be caught between mid to upscale cantina and good time tequila bar. As we were leaving around 8:30, the bar was getting full with people in their 20's looking for stiff drinks. That's not an easy course to navigate and I wish them well. We'll be back soon con mucho gusto. Hopefully we have a similar experience next time.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/11/2014,169,704,6,7,4>I'll add that I am a big fan of the Frazer location right off the bat. So I had high expectations coming in. They were met. Oh yes, they were met.I saw Carrot Cake French Toast on the menu. I had to see what that was all about. Let's call this what it is. It isn't French Toast. It's cake made up to look like French Toast. It's basically a plate of cake for breakfast. And it's freaking awesome!!!I don't care if it isn't quite what it says it is. I downed it with two eggs and bacon happily. Service was more than friendly. I left feeling like I ate something I wanted to brag about. I can't ask for more than that.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,4/27/2011,35,141,5,6,4>Only a dum-dum would get a Smirnoff on the rocks, believing that it was simply a shorthand for Smirnoff Ice. That would be me. But at least I quickly got into a good mood! My friends and I had previously left the suffocating crowd of the bar across the street, and ventured into this very empty looking but inviting space of Kokopelli. It turned out to be a two floor deal with the more hopping scene to be found up a narrow staircase. We walk up a flight and BAM. I was struck by the amount of elbow room I was getting! No fighting at the bar! It was a Saturday night, and there were people but not so many. (Yay for A/C!) The music had a good - not awesome - dance beat (But DJs come and go, so I can't really dock off a star for that). The general ambience waslounge-like, as there were stretches of little white sofas against dimmed purple lights  lining the walls. It was classy. I'm a little boggled by why there wasn't a larger crowd; drinks were normally priced ($5/well; $3 special for some types of beer) and there was plenty of dance space. That being said, this is a place that could fill up quickly, so I guess I should be careful of what I ask for!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,4/25/2011,67,146,5,7,4>Bibalicious.  They only opened a few months ago, but I've already been there (with a group of friends, for a girls' night, on a date, and by myself!) more times than I can count. The atmosphere is warm and cozy (although as previous reviewers have mentioned, it can get crowded pretty easily), perfect for mid-winter. The interior is sleek, mostly wood and glass which, combined with the dim lighting and candles on the bars, gives Biba the sophisticated feel that you would expect from a wine bar. So far the food has been solid, with friends of mine rating their snacks anywhere from "pretty good" to "super-yummy."  The past few times I've been I've ordered the super-soft and buttery Delice de Bourgogne, either as a cheese (around $7) or as crostini ($5, three large crostini covered in cheese and topped with allegash cherries). I've also ordered the truffled egg with potato, mushrooms, spinach and fontina - it was small but savory, rich, and decadent enough that I was glad I decided to share.The service is very good and the servers can "talk wine" (at least as far as I can tell). When it gets busy and you are part of a large group it sometimes takes the servers a little while to notice that you haven't yet ordered, but on the whole service is speedy, friendly, and (importantly) not pretentious.Last but definitely not least, price is one of Biba's strong points. All of the wines are under $10 a glass, with many in the $7 - $8 range. The cheeses and other snacks (which are mostly savory and cheese-influenced) tend to be in the same range, mostly $4 - 9.  This means that even poor grad students like me can take a night out to enjoy some wine and cheese!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,4/23/2011,190,62,6,8,6>I consider myself to be a pretty astute food critic, so why the four out of five stars for sloppy pizza? I believe in rating food based on its intentions and  Lorenzo's mission is to cater to the stumbling, occasionally belligerent, hordes of Old City and South Street, and myself having been a proud member of such hordes on many occasions, I can say I haven't enjoyed a slice that much since I was 10 years old and eating cold pizza watching Saturday morning cartoons.  Anytime I've done my walk of drunken shame over to 3rd & South I've left satisfied. Anytime I've gotten my obligatory 2-slices-to-recovery cure anywhere else, I've been disappointed with dough that had clearly been pre-made and frozen, or cheese that managed to taste more like a pizza box than something that came from a cow. One thing you can't say about Lorenzo's is that their pizza isn't fresh. These guys slave away pounding and tossing dough right before your eyes. Maybe if I ordered a pie for dinner I'd have a different opinion of their pizza, but rating Lorenzo's through beer goggles--it's a winner. Maybe next time I'll get four slices. You should, too. Just don't ask for toppings on your slice or use flash photography. Unless you like getting yelled.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,4/22/2011,110,111,13,12,10>Mama's has that matronly feel to it, insofar as it feels like visiting your grandmother's house. It's out of the way, tiny, and decorated with floral trim, Tiffany stained glass lights, and the clown paintings that gave you nightmares as a kid. The people here are also welcoming and give you significantly more food than you could ever eat -- or should eat, anyway. If you order a cheesesteak and do not specify that you want the Mini, you will get at least a pound of meat mixed with enough cheese to top a large pizza. Grease will pour out of the back of your sandwich when you lift it up. It's revolting and intoxicating. At $10.25, it's also expensive. However, you get what you pay for, both literally and figuratively. That faint sound you hear in the background is me doubled over in pain, howling.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,4/21/2011,286,176,9,15,14>update = upgrade!since my first visit to the institute almost a year ago (man, time flies!), i have been back a good number of times and for good reason: this bar rocks! sure...it's kinda in the 'hood and not near much anything else, but for a suburban (read: car driving) gal like me, i welcome the luxury of being able to park easily, and for free.but it's not simply the parking sitch that warranted the star bump... for one, it's the amazing beer selection - bottles, drafts, imports, local brews - sure to please any beer snob. beers are priced reasonably by philly bar standards, with great happy hour deals and discounts during special events. equally diverse is the food. i order the pumpkin mac on nearly every visit - it may not be overtly pumpkiny, but it is a huge plate of cheesy, creamy, gooey deliciousness that is simply not to be missed. the homemade veggie burger, hummus plate and poutine are all quite good as well, and there are additional veggie eats i have yet to try (mainly bc i'm so hung up on that pumpkin mac!) i brought my parents here once, and while mom had no choice but to share a plate of you-know-what with me, dad got himself a burger and raved about it all nite to anyone who would listen.just as good as the beer & food is the hospitality. owners charlie & heather love what they do, and it shows. not only do they provide my lil film club with a venue for our monthly meet-ups in their flat screen-filled second floor bar, they also host their own events - from beer battles to mural-painting and sidewalk sprinkler parties - which makes the institute so much more than just a place to get your drink on. this is what all neighborhood bars should strive to be.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,4/20/2011,585,298,1,5,4>Rangoon is supposed to be an Burmese restaurant, well I've never been to Burma before but I think their menu is more fusion than not. Rangoon is a nice, clean, comfy spot run by family. I was here once before about 10 years ago and the mother who runs the restaurant asked me where have I been when I ate there recently. I thought she was taking a stab in the dark but she asked about the young lady I was with and said 'have a seat Bruce'. Go figure! I sat down and I remembered something I had to have.... The Thousand Layer Bread! Rangoon has the best version of that Andalusian Bread that's crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside with a lot of flaky crust. It is amazing. I ordered a appetizer called Vatana which is a curry stew with potatoes and chicken and a plate of-you guessed it, Thousand Layer Bread. I wolfed that dish down and immediately ordered another of the same. I know, I know 2 of the same appetizers ain't cool but it was so damn good. Next I ordered the Jungle Chicken which was Chicken breast stir fryed with a ton of fresh, crisp veggies, served with steamed rice. It was delicious and filling. The menu at Rangoon is humongous, reminiscent of those large menu's at the old school Chinese restaurants back in the day. I'm sure anyone with an appetite and a few bucks can find something to tickle their fancy here.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,4/19/2011,39,174,3,9,7>To understand and appreciate The White Dog fully, I think a little bit of a history lesson is required for you Yelpers that are under 35 or aren't native to Philadelphia.Did you ever see the movie "Invincible"?  It's set in and accurately depicts what is perhaps the darkest period of Philly's history, the 1970s, when Philly was a down-and-out former industrial power suffering along-with-but-possibly-more-than-most American cities through the social and economic "malaise" of the day.But right in the middle of those dark days, there were rays of light cast on our once-and-future fair city by the restaurateurs who were the vanguard of what would be called Philadelphia's "Restaurant Renaissance".  Those brave visionaries most notably included George Perrier (Le Bec Fin), Reed Apaghian (Astral Plane), and Judy Wicks, the owner to this day of the venerable White Dog Cafe.With an eclectic menu, quirky sense of self deprecating but unapologetically liberal humor, comfortable atmosphere, attentive professional service, and a dedication to locally grown food, The White Dog remains to this day the standard against which all similarly missioned establishments must be compared.  True, it is no longer unique or edgy, but that is more a testament to its success than evidence of any failure.Yes, it is quite expensive, so it is the kind of place where we go for dinner only occasionally, and then almost always for special events in a larger group.  But the portions remain quite ample, and I have certainly shelled out similar levels of cash for far less generously filled plates.  And the food never, ever disappoints.A great way to experience The White Dog (at least for two people) is to eat at the bar.  You may have to wait a while for hard-to-come-by seats, and you won't have access to the full menu, but the bar food menu is a treat in its own right.So do yourselves a favor and make sure you experience The White Dog at least once.  If you want to fully appreciate the phenomenal restaurant town Philly is today, an education re how we got here is a requirement, and nothing will accomplish that more than basking in Judy Wicks' eccentric and still-vibrant vision.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,4/18/2011,124,147,5,5,7>...Let me pull up a chair and talk about the "good old days." Gotta sit down slowly because my sciatica is acting up... Hi Scores brought me right back to middle and high school. I used to visit Pie in the Sky's arcade (Wayne, PA) and I was fixated on four games: Joust, Track & Field, Jungle King, Q-Bert, and Frogger. I got my second chance at redemption to play all of the games I loved as a kid. This establishment is a museum so they aren't trying to make a profit. All they are looking to do is recoup some costs. I mention this because you will never believe me when I say this: most games cost 25 cents. 50 cents at the most. Yes, original 80s prices. How can I review a place that has reincarnated a cherished time in my life? Video games were a great escape from the usual miseries of adolescence.  Go for yourselves and see what memories it brings up. Or if you don't remember the 80s, experience the ancestor to PS3, X Box, and Wii. It very much worth the visit and the owners are very friendly. You'll feel like you have visited the living room of the most awesome people around.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,4/17/2011,60,55,17,15,9>This place is fantastic. I came in looking for something semi-specific and Brooklyn who was working there that evening was super friendly and helped me figure out more specifically what would fill my need, happily chatting with my boyfriend and I to get details, asking the right questions and simultaneously doing further research - I ended up with the perfect items - which ended up being something I didn't even know existed, really. It was a VERY positive experience. I was totally comfortable talking about specific issues, Brook was great in processing the crazy stuff I threw at her and coming back at me with eye-openers. I had considered ordering toys, etc online but it is exponentially better to see stuff in person and get suggestions from a real live girl with a wealth of information. Not pushy at all to sell anything but more than happy to answer any question. Plus there are the three floors of increasing interest as you move up. And I got to hold a very lifelike flaccid penis for almost half an hour.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,4/16/2011,151,303,3,6,5>Surprisingly not that crowded for brunch on a Saturday. Does it ever get packed, though? With several levels and multiple dining/seating areas, probably not. Having heard so much about these dog figurines with glowing red eyes, I was a bit saddened to be seated in the dining area just adjacent. I could see it but ... so close yet so far away! The space is gorgeous and just fussy enough, and I am a secret kitsch-lover (esp of this variety) so I honestly felt right at home. What else made me feel at home? Fizzy water! I drink seltzer water all day and have a spare 12 pack in my car. Fizzy water and I go way back to when I was in Italy and it was more popular than still. Dandelion, you had me at fizzy water. MOVING ON... the food left a bit to be desired. I have had $11 omelettes elsewhere and they are worth every penny. This one had something different -- cheddar and swiss chard are a power combo, and the accompanying salad was awash in a mustardy vinegrette, I do love my mustard -- but the portion was small and the eggs weren't cooked as perfectly as they could've been. My dining companion had the English breakfast and ate every bite (even the black pudding. I averted my eyes). That said --- I'm still a fan. I have faith that brunch will improve as they gather some steam. The dessert menu looked great (sticky toffee pudding!) and I would like to try the lemon sole and mussels for dinner, and the drinks of course. Don't you worry, I'll be back.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,9/2/2007,13,84,,2,2>After reading the review by Kelly S., tonight was the first time I went to Three Monkeys Cafe. Okay, I am so accustomed to seating myself at the bar and walking right past the hostess (I think I owe the hostess an apology).Tonight was also Monday night (the weather was crappy though), they had what Kelly S. called 3M Monday. It seems that chocolate martini was very popular to be ordered by those seated at the bar.The first thing I was happy to see was they had Stella Artois draft. They have your usual assortment of beer on tap (Guinness, Yuengling, Miller Lite, Peroni), probably as well as bottled (Miller Lite, Budweiser, Heineken Light, Corona Light, etc..). They also had Blue Moon (a Belgium beer) on tap. There was also something called HoeGaarden on tap, absolutely no idea what that is. I might have missed one or two, but the one that caught my curiosity was "Horny Monkey Ale", it was a dark ale. If you are a fan of ale, my suggestion is to give "Horny Monkey Ale" a try. I thought the "Horny Monkey Ale" was smooth.Prior to tonight, I did visit the website. Tonight I tried the wasabi crab cake. It was definitely crab cake with a twist (it was crab meat with wasabi on the inside, the outside was deep fried). An order of wasabi crab cake came with 2 pieces. Nonetheless, it was delicious.Tonight I sat at the bar, I had a couple of pints of Stella. I thought the bartender (Erin) was friendly and outgoing with her customers.I thought the crowd was friendly too.They do have live acoustic music on Saturday and Sunday (from 2pm thru 6pm) from reading one of the smaller blackboards hanging near the end of the bar. I would love to be here on a nice weekend.I will definitely be back here. As already mentioned "This place really is a hidden gem in the far Northeast". It's directly across the street from the SEPTA R7 Torresdale station. The nearby SEPTA bus routes are 19 and 84. There is parking across the street at the PPA (Philadelphia Parking Authority) lot.About the decor, you are surrounded by monkeys! Not to worry, they are not live monkeys. There is one monkey "statue" with a grin that is in a corner holding a blackboard version of notepad with menu.3monkeyscafe.com/images/Overall, I would give this place a 4 stars to 4.5 stars. It's very difficult for me to give any place a 5 stars.Many thanks to fellow yelper Kelly S. :-)Update: August 23, 2007, I was happy with the staff behind the bar (Jackie, Joe), all nice people. I'm glad I had the opportunity to apologize to the hostess from Monday evening. Tonight there were "reps" from Samuel Adams, they presented Sample A and Sample B. If my memory is correct, Sample A was red and smell better. Sample B was darker and went down smoother. I voted for "Sample B" tonight.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,9/1/2007,40,401,,3,4>Had a very tasty birthday dinner here last weekend.  We did the price fixed menu and were happy with how much flexibility we had on the menu.  Everything was delicious, despite the pork being a bit overcooked.  The lemon sole was one of the best pieces of fish I've had, hand's down.  And the bread pudding was divine.  Service throughout the evening was attentive and helpful.The restaurant is so classy -- can't wait to come back here for a drink at the bar or a bite outside on a warm evening.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,8/31/2007,69,303,,7,4>Le Castagna is a pretty nice Italian restaurant on Chestnut, near the corner of 20th.  The decor is modern high class, and the food is yummy Italian.  My friends and I went there for Center City Sips, and we had a nice time.  The restaurant is very spacious, although I thought that the bar area was a bit too small.  The bartender was a bit on the snobby side.  It was hard to get her attention to get a drink, but the guy who brought us our appetizers and cleared away our plates was really nice.  The wine was very good, although the mojito I had was not very good.  Too strong, and the mint was yellowing on the edges, so it wasn't that fresh.  After the mojito, I stuck to red wine, which was very flavorful.  The appetizer specials were good - flatbread pizza and bruschetta (2 artichoke, 2 mushroom, and 2 tomato pieces).  I'd be interested in going here for dinner sometime.  Because I was there for Center City Sips, I don't know how expensive their food normally is, but I think it's probably not terribly expensive, although probably slightly pricey.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,8/30/2007,0,2,,3,2>This place is my new favorite watering hole!  Great selection of food and even better menu of beers.  The waitress made a great suggestion since I was not sure what beer to order and she was very friendly the rest of the evening.  My friend and I had delicious mussels and really enjoyed ourselves.  If only they gave us spoons to drink that delicious sauce!I will most definitely be going back!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,8/28/2007,14,28,2,3,3>As a transplant to Italy, oh sorry - I mean New Jersey, I had heard of the pizza long before I actually found it. Upon my arrival, I searched at just about every pizza joint in a 5 mile radius of my place. Nothing struck me as very good.Early on in my search, I asked a colleague for guidance. She said, "Oh, you have to go to Forno. It's the best. It's exactly what you're looking for. I've gone there my whole life."Because I'm a transplant here, because local roads are confusing, and because I'm half-an-idiot, I never found Forno. Then I forgot and gave up. One day, 2 years after that initial query, I took a wrong turn and stumbled upon the holy grail, FORNO. Dining in, the pizza is really good. Super thin crust, pretty fresh toppings, and a good variety of slices, ready for the quick-diner. They also have other Italian dishes, pasta, salads, *gelato*, and even *booze.* This place serves beer and wine.Delivery, the pizza is even better. Obviously, there are more toppings available that way, since you choose them. The slices are larger, fresher, and with more toppings. For New York style pizza, this place is the best in the area.The place is also owned by Aldo Lamberti. It's one of their restaurants, so it carries that extra legitimacy-by-association.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2007,8/27/2007,34,72,3,3,4>Philly is known for a couple of things. Cheese Steaks,Cream Cheese and Stallone pop into my head while playing word association games with my therapist. Burgers will now come into my mind when I think of Philadelphia. The Public House has a great burger with a very unique twist for buns. They use the English muffins as buns. The English muffin is great for butter and jam but meat? It is delicious.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2007,8/26/2007,37,409,9,4,2>The GOOD:+Amazing melt-in-your-mouth food. Try the specials--whatever they are!+Creative and delicious cocktails.+Outdoor seating on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.The BAD:-Dessert.  It's just not that great.-Placing tables over subway steam vents--just a stupid idea.  Rethink your table arrangement if you need to warn customers--seriously, someone could get burned.The UGLY:-Viagra-poppin' gents who bring ladies with fake tots, ugly clothes, and fried blonde hair.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,8/25/2007,19,70,,3,3>I love the PMT better than the Museum of Fine Arts here in Boston. For one thing, it's much bigger, which is an obvious advantage. The building itself is gorgeous and just approaching it on the road makes it grand. As a child, my favorite exhibit was the armor and artilery. Still to this day, I am fascinated when I look at all the weapons that actually participated in epic battles and ended the lives of others years ago. Most impressive are the manequins atop horses decked out in full armor. The one with the sword hole in the heart is striking.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,8/24/2007,27,47,7,7,10>I really can't believe I'm the first person to do this. You Philly Yelpers should be ashamed. Fiume is the best bar in West Philly. Hands down. I mean, Dahlak's got outside going for it, but its not the same. I mean where else can a throng of musician/artist/activist/drunks/coolpennkids go to enjoy an awesome selection of bottled beers in a bar that looks like a bedroom?Kevin and Brian (sp?) are the most personable and hardest working bartenders in town. You know why? They are their own bosses and don't have to answer to nobody (except of course the Ethiopians who own the building. The owner/renter relationship kinda reminds of Sam Malone, the Bartender, and John, the creepy owner of Melville's, the fancy seafood house above Cheers).Three nights a week starting promptly at 22:00 there is live music, each one being either Jazz, Bluegrass, or Blues. This is the best and sometimes the most annoying part of Fiume. Not that the music sucks, but its the same thing every week. The bar gets packed full, nowhere to go except squeeze and drink. Like a speakeasy. If it gets supercrowded, you can always hideaway in the poolroom across the hall. The American pool table is the saddest, most retarded excuse of its species and it costs a fuckin dollar. If pool's your thing, you'll still play it though, quitchurbithin.  But dont let Kevin catch you smoking in there, he'll kick your ass. Its easy to get wasted here. Oh man. This used to be my neighborhood bar and you can drunk for 6 bucks. They have city wide specials here. If you don't know, the city wide is a PBR and a shot of whiskey (Evan Williams, Jim Beam sucks), and they fill it up very tall for ya (for 3 bones).Once I was there with my roommates and I ordered a Chimay. Brian gave it to me in a Crystal Chimay Glass that was his favorite. Notice how I said was. Cause I broke that shit with one big, sweeping drunken Italian hand gesture. Stupid Italian blood. So I replaced it with a plastic skull mug goblet.Lastly, the topic of OMAR. My first encounter with him was 1 year ago on a hot night in Fiume. I'd only lived in Philly for a matter of weeks and this bar was in my green zone of my social network colonialism. Omar of course is wasted and philosophizing/agitating some hipsters and harassing them for cigarettes. Next thing I know, Omar throws fire at me. Or I thought it was at me, he was going for the window which I was sitting in front of. For some reason hit lit paper on fire and I guess it got too hot for him. I wasn't too happy about it, but then as I was slowly indoctrinated to the ways of OMAR, I fell in love.Anywhooooo, Fiume is a unique, beautiful monster of a speakeasy. In a city overpopulated with overpriced, homogeneous boozeshacks, Fiume stands alone. If Fiume was a person, it'd be throwing a Molotov cocktail at the cops during the week and smoking a joint in a hammock on the weekend. The camaraderie in this place is what people look for in bars. Its why they go them, to feel connected, less isolated in this fucking shitworld. Alcohol is nice, but its really secondary to why meeting houses exist. To have a unique and wonderful social experience with other monkeys that can talk.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,8/23/2007,49,99,7,3,2>i cant believe i havent reviewed wawa yet.wawa is basically the place keeping everyone alive and fed under the age of 30 in philly.-when everything else is closed - WAWA is there for you.-when you want an amazing toasted meatball shortie at 8am - WAWA is there fore you.-when your shopping list reads: peanutes, gummy worms, ice cream, a lb of turkey, soft pretzels stuffed with cream cheese, cat food, and diet green tea - WAWA is there for you.-when you're drunk at 3am and want another meatball shortie - WAWA is STILL there for you.-when you're drunk and want to look through the receipts pile at the NO-FEE wawa ATM to feel better about being broke - WAWA is there for you.Why only 4 stars? The sandwich staff is very inconsistent.Must have: the egg white and turkey sausage bagel. its healthy and delicious.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2007,1/10/2008,37,409,8,2,3>Extremely expensive place (e.g. all wines by the glass start at $10) that has somewhat tasty delights.  I wouldn't call it tapas so much as pretentious meals for women who don't eat and the men who pretend to love them.Don't think I'll be back.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,1/9/2008,41,110,4,3,2>Cool music, good atmosphere, good coffee. I started reading Anna Karenina there, and I'm pretty sure that the coffee shop had some effect on me, because I most certainly wasn't feeling a) defeated, b) bored, or c) self-loathing... which is how I feel about 200 pages into the novel here in SF.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2007,1/8/2008,27,47,6,5,4>Okay, I had to knock down the Ritz a peg. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could cause compared to another, the Ritz aint all that. I worked at Ritz East in my first days in Philly and it was very disappointing. The film selection is fine, that isn't the problem. Its the ambiance and aesthete that I got beef with. Not to mention the staff and management. Firstly, the place is arthouse, I understand they want to set a new standard in film distribution. But cmon, the place has no flavor. I am biased because I worked at an art-house cinema, The Charles, in Baltimore, my hometown. It was like Empire Records if Empire Records was actually cool and not a awful shityourpants movie. I could wear what I wanted, act how I wanted, eat as much popcorn as I wanted, organize midnight movies on the fly, show my own films, be a projectionist, box officer, concessor, usher all at the same time and lastly, see as many movies as I wanted, for free, whenever  fuckin felt like it. (note: you can't do any of those things at the Ritz. and yes The Charles made alot of money. and yes, customer service was good, better than the Ritz in fact.)Secondly, the Ritz is no longer independent but a Landmark Theatre, which knocks it down another notch. The lack of independent cinemateques removes diversity from the movie theatre ecosystem and just basically pisses me off that they sold out like Against Me! or Mastodon.Lastly, the staff is weird, elitist, and uninviting. My boss actually believed that the world is run by shape shifting reptiles. I mean, in a metaphorical sense, he's right, but he was being literal. They were all part of a little club and got paid absolute shit and thought it was worth it.I try to sneak in as much as I can.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,1/7/2008,22,11,1,5,3>How can anyone finish this dish??All of my friends are amazed by their more than generous portion.  I haven't yet seen ANYONE who can actually finish the main dish.  What I usually do with my girlfriend is that I order only one and share it.There are LOTS of pastas!  There are so many choices that even if you go there multiple of times, you will have different things to eat each time.  Pasta there is very very Italian (would be hard to be more "italianer" than that).  I usually order Pasta Carbonara, and it was never disappointing.Overall, decoration, taste of food and service, I strongly recommend to dine here if you are feeling Italian.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,1/6/2008,14,16,1,5,3>I moved to Philly 6 months ago and have been going to the Ranstead Barber shop since then. I usually go on the weekends. They are one of the few barbershops in center city Philly open on Saturdays.Both Gaitano and Lou are very friendly and know their job well. There is nothing fancy about this place, just an old fashioned barber shop.Lou was nice enough to recommend some restaurants in the area and in South Philly as well while I was there.I would recommend them without hesitation
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,1/5/2008,100,447,,3,2>The beef was DELICIOUS. I was not a huge fan of the octopus. The calamari and mushrooms were both alright. I left unimpressed because the bar refused to let us order a pitcher of sangria because two members of our five person party were drunk... despite the fact that they other three were completely sober.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,1/4/2008,68,164,1,3,3>Arrived a little after midnight, following the Sunday night jam session at Ortlieb's a couple blocks away. It was fairly mellow, only a few other customers lingering, but the perfect scene for us out-of-towners to wind down our evening with a few rounds of pints. The beer was probably good, but I honestly don't recall (photos from that night reveal that I was a lot more drunk that I thought I was).I do remember making several trips to drool over the jukebox. Hands down the most impressive and diverse selection of music I've ever seen.The lady tending the bar was super chill and helped lend to the overall sense of authenticity to the place.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2007,1/3/2008,36,265,2,2,3>when my friend said 'irish pub' for dinner, i had a certain something in mind. visually it's got all the accoutrements of every 'irish pub' from dublin to dubai, it's got the guinness, it's got drunk folks, ok. the menu on the other hand is very unexpected, all kinds of unirishy stuff like SALADS and SPRING ROLLS?!?!? i stuck with the shepherds pie, i needed nourishment after my long day of travel.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2007,1/2/2008,49,99,1,5,1>Grrrr. I really wanted to be the first to review Mama's. Ridiculously good falafel. Like takes me back to Israel good. Great selection of Israeli drinks too.I just wish they didnt celebrate Passover so they'd be open all year. Im about to walk there now and my mouth is already watering.Dont forget the hot sauce!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2007,1/1/2008,2946,2194,,4,2>The Mexican restaurant La Michoacana has been recommended to me many times and I finally got to try it. While we were there (6:30pm-8:00pm), it never got more than 60% full - keep in mind this was the Friday right after Thanksgiving.There's a stocked bar on the premises. I had a bottle of Boing (nonalcoholic; mango flavor). Since it was so sweet, I asked for a cucaracha shot ($5/shot) to wash it down. Solomon (our cool server) recommended against it. For the curious, the shot (as prepared by this restaurant) is a glass of Bacardi 151 lit on fire. You don't actually blow out the fire, you drink it with a STRAW before the tube melts. It was foul, but for $5, it was an experience! (And it hit me like a ton of bricks.)We enjoyed complimentary chips and salsa. Of the few types of salsa, the spicy green salsa rocks. As an appetizer, we ordered nachos with chorizo ($8) which was a good size, and tasty. My entree was the taco platter ($7), where you get three tacos with a (thankfully) modest amount of rice and beans. For the tacos, choose chicken, steak, pork, beef tongue, [lamb] BBQ, chorizo, or shrimp. I went for the pork, beef tongue, and BBQ, which were all delicious, especially with lime.Heard this place used to be cheaper but luckily the prices weren't out of this world. You get a good bang for your buck for certain menu items, especially the shots we had. I will return to try different taco fillings and shots. Anyone want to join me?
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,12/5/2009,82,88,9,7,7>Wanna save the world? Treat me to Tria 5-days a week. Every time I leave, I'm a man of great power. I stop criminals in action, dance in the rain, walk old ladies across the street and even heal the sick with a wink of my eye. Seriously, that's what great wine, beer and cheese does to me. There's nothing better than a server who can truly couple food and alcohol. It's a skill reserved only for the finest palates... and the French. I love beer, I love cheese and I love wine but they'd all taste terrible if I was your server. Art, skill and knowledge - that's the difference between a typical server and a Tria server and that's why they have such great reviews. My only negative (and I couldn't even take a star away because it's so small) is the size/seating situation. The Rittenhouse and West Washington Square locations are tiny and cramped. This might, however, contribute to the ambiance... I'll leave that one up to you. Say what you will about the trendy places, but I know this to be true; Tria will last a lifetime.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,12/3/2009,190,178,6,8,9>I LOVE oysters and was glad to find a place in Philly that serves $1 oysters for happy hour. Unlike what I've tried in Boston, this place has the dollar special on only one type of oyster for the day but it's all good. The oysters tasted fresh and it was a fun time to hang out with a few friends. My only complaint would be that I wish there were also some other food/drink specials. Beers are around $5-6 and all other entrees are too pricey for a happy hour :( I tried the clam chowder and it tasted fresh and yummy but I prefer a much thicker chowder. As for the turtle soup, it was definitely a bit too much flavor for me. A bit too strong in nutmeg or something along the line of that. It was just all too weird with the spices and sweetness of the soup that I really was not a fan of that. Will I be returning again? Maybe but there is at least one more oyster special I have to check out in CC before deciding :)
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2009,12/2/2009,237,276,6,11,7>It's actually "Roxborough Shoe & Luggage Repair" but I guess Mr. Zinar is the name of my fairy godfather here. He has taken in the saddest of my shoes (the tired and weary) and made them all shiny and new again. New heels, black polish touchups on the faux leather, new straps on my t-strap sandals, suede shampoo, you name it. Plus he gave me great advice on what to look for in my future work shoes (hint: the bottom back of the shoe should not touch the ground when I walk). He even let me hold a real Ferragamo leather flat just to know what I should aspire to in the future (ok, maybe it wasn't for that reason).It's cash-only but totally worth it. Open until 6pm weekdays, and closed on Sundays. I think the advice I got here is what inspired my two-too-many-pairs-of-shoes spree at DSW the following weekend.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,12/1/2009,106,32,24,8,15>POPE was great but Jim H. was a total jerk.  Within minutes of entering the bar, he demanded that I hand over all of my money.  He called it the "fun tax" and since he was bigger than me, I begrudgingly obliged.  Thank God I did because the next guy refused and took a nasty knuckle sandwich right in the grill piece.  Jim H. is not a man to be bargained with.  Pure Id.I handed over a fistful of crumpled ones while Jim H. guffawed loudly and announced my poverty to the entire establishment.  Everyone had a good laugh at my expense and a rugged looking miscreant sitting at the bar even went so far as to throw a nickel at my head.  I guess he thought I could use a donation.  No recession empathy with this crowd.  Jim H. told me where to go and I shuffled over to the table where the other Yelpers sat in silence.  They looked like bank customers caught in the midst of an armed robbery.  Scared to move, scared to speak.  Jim H. paced methodically around the table like a lion stalking its prey, glaring into the eyes of anyone that had the nerve to raise their head.  He told me where to sit and then ordered my drink for me.  He chose Lindeman's Cherry Lambic because he said I wasn't man enough for a real beer.  It was actually pretty good, but I felt so shamed and humiliated that I wasn't able to enjoy it.  We spent the rest of the night drinking quietly, exchanging glances of terror every once in a while and only speaking when spoken to.  Jim H. finally got tired of his weird, twisted mind games and excused us for the night.  I'll never know what his motivation was for organizing the event.I walked out the door, tasted the sweet flavor of freedom for the first time in what seemed like an eternity, turned tail, and sprinted all the way home.I might go back to POPE one day if I can overcome this trauma, but I will never, and I mean NEVER, spend another second with Jim H. for as long as I live.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,11/30/2009,37,91,9,9,6>OK, so it's actually called YogOrino, but you can't fault me for misspelling while trying to lick, type and enjoy. That said, the place is a tiny and faboo spot, all clean lines and all about function, for now. Not much space to sit, but just perfect for lining up around the counter and getting a generous $3 mini. The yogurt itself is perfect yogorino -- almost like eating frozen, sweet sour cream -- in a very good way. And the toppings range from inventive to healthy (to super Euro) with blueberries, dulce de leche and a few chocolate sauces, including one with yummy toffee, methinks. So whatever you're in the mood for, this place has it.And another plus, the population behind the counter speaks faboo Italian and is super effing sweet. I'm thinking about living there.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,11/29/2009,121,177,4,9,8>This was definitely one of the best meals I've had in a while. I went with my friend for his birthday and we had great service, great food, and a food coma to prove it later. Just wow. And to realize that Mercato is so close to where I live. Awesome. It's also a pretty casual atmosphere in Mercato. And it's BYOB. Very nice.We started with the roasted portabella and arugula puff pastry appetizer. Great to share (figure out how to cut it appropriately though) because it in itself can be close to a meal. I had the lobster and shrimp pasta as my main dish. So filling and tasty. I really liked the whole pyramid pasta idea; it made for a unique presentation. Mercato definitely puts in effort for presentation and style of its cuisine. Maybe go a little more easy on the salt, but overall a great culinary experience. Already on my list to frequent again.My one and only gripe...So cramped. There, I said it. Minus one star for you, Mercato. I thought Beau Monde was bad, but this takes it to a whole 'nother level. I mean, yea the food made up for it, but I'm not really comfortable sitting two feet from another customer (ok, exaggeration). I like intimate, but not THAT intimate, ya know? Thankfully we went right when it opened during the week, so we weren't too cramped. I can only imagine full capacity.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,11/28/2009,144,305,5,6,7>The Sidecar feels like home - the atmosphere is relaxed, and the staff is friendly and responsive.  And that's why I love it.First of all, the beer selection is stellar.  From the drafts to the bottles to the cans, there's something for everyone.  An excellent list of specialty drinks doesn't hurt, either, though when I'm here, it's all about the beer.Take for instance, what I think will be their monthly High Gravity Night.  It's as dangerous as it sounds.  For a night, everything on draft is above 9.0/abv.  Thursdays feature specials on Abita beers.  And the music is ALWAYS good - funk and soul are the highlights.The turkey burger is delish - so are the fries, the nachos, and their brunch selections.  Though brunch isn't my favorite time to come here - or any place, for that matter - it's a bit too crazy for the service to keep up.Hopefully their fight with the neighborhood to expand will go through - with additional floors, performance space, and a proposed roof deck, this place is gonna get serious.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,11/27/2009,85,324,3,8,9>I went here a few weeks ago to see Son Volt. I entered from the street side/basement area so I saw the panoply of records that was put together as a display on the wall of the entranceway. Since I purchased my tickets last minute I had to go upstairs and pick them up. Once I managed that I had a chance to look around. The space is well decorated with radio and music paraphernalia. The upstairs lounge looked like it would be cool to hang out and catch a show.I made my way downstairs to the main venue. The downstairs area was well decorated and tastefully lighted. After being in some real music dives(cough cough, Starlight, cough cough) it was nice to be somewhere that was clean. The bar was also very nice and had a nice wood top. I ended up just getting some water, since I was feeling a tad verklempt. The waitress didn't bat an eye and promptly served me water. I left a nice tip for her, which also helped me get water promptly the rest of the night. That's a good lesson to learn for the younger Yelpers. If you tip well initially, you'll get good service later on. The sound was pretty good, though they did have some problems early on in the show balancing the instruments with the vocalist. Later on things improved and the rest of the show sounded good. The crowd was a good mix of ages, but everyone seemed to be there for the music, ie. No chatty posers. However that seemed to be confined to the back area where I was standing. I heard from some guys that were up closer to the stage that there were some "Gee I've heard of these guys, I'll go so I can say I went and saw Son Volt" type of people yakking away during the show.  The bathrooms were immaculate. That doesn't seem like a big deal until you've been to the the Starlight or other venues where they have Trainspotting type bathrooms.The people running the show were very nice and helpful as to getting tickets, taking your tickets and directing you to where you need to go. No sulking, no sullen faces, no ignoring you, no combativeness or frisking. In summary: Good music, good sound, good bar service, reasonably priced tickets. I'll be back.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,11/25/2009,125,201,3,11,9>You can tell that whoever is behind Matyson really cares about finding, cooking and serving top-notch ingredients in a creative and delicious way. Everything I've eaten here speaks to the chef's deep passion for food and attention to detail - the cooking is flawless.Vegetarians might be put off by the lack of options on the menu, but at Matyson, it's almost an advantage because they will cook something just for you and it will be awesome. On a slow night, they've asked me what I felt like eating, and the chef made something based on that - exceptional service. Also, if you're out with a few veggies, they make something different for each person, which is thoughtful and appreciated. I wish they weren't on the wrong side of the foie gras debate, but that is the only thing I'd change about Matyson. It's fantastic.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,11/24/2009,29,85,8,9,6>I've been looking for a fine cocktail establishment in Philadelphia for some time.  Every time I ask someone a recommendation for a good bar in Philly, guaranteed it's a beer bar which is all well from time to time. Sometimes though I want a cocktail. A REAL cocktail - not some fruity cosmo or tang shit. I want to taste the liquor and I don't want to know where I live after I drink it. With that said, I can thankfully say that there is finally a place in Philadelphia I can trust for a fine adult beverage and it is Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co. Not to say there aren't others but I just haven't found them yet. If you are looking for a vintage drink such as a gimlet, blood and sand, or gin rickey, this is one of the few places in Philadelphia I've found so far that knows how to make them. Order these drinks at another bar and they'll probably laugh at you.  I must also mention that I really think this bar is worth 3.5 stars but since it's the best so far I've found in Philadelphia, I gave it a four.  The reason I say that, for a "speak easy" they have a somewhat limited drink menu compared to other bars in other cities I've been to. Plus, their service is slow, really slow. You have a better chance of flagging down a 747 jet airliner than a waiter.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,10/4/2011,41,110,9,9,8>omg omg omg omg. o.m.g.  For vegans, plant-based food enthusiasts, and omnivores alike, Grindcore House is a dream come true.  The freedom to choose from a wide assortment of breads, cream cheeses (jalapeno!), milks (hello almond milk chai latte) and processed (tofurkey) or unprocessed (hummus and avocado) sandwich fillings is magical indeed.In addition to the super friendly servers, Grindcore has a nice space in the back with wooden tables that *don't wobble*.  The velour couch and bookshelves make the room feel a bit like Frankenstein's library, which is very appropriate for this time of year.My only complaint is about the music.  Word to the wise: if you plan on studying here, bring headphones.  I was stoked when I sat down and Bonita Applebaum came out of the speakers....but then the angry punk death metal started.  I'm pretty open-minded when it comes to music, but I found it impossible to concentrate with all of the growling in the background.  Call me crazy, but I think that human eardrums, like animals, should be free from torture.  Of course if angry punk death metal is totally your thing, rock on.Death metal aside, I will definitely be back to support this awesome establishment!! Bravo to the owners.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,10/3/2011,314,288,8,8,8>I love Asian food, okay? And between myself, who waitressed at Chinese and Thai restaurants in college and my boyfriend, who studied abroad in Beijing, we eat a lot of it.A friend met me at Circles this past Friday night for dinner at 7:30. I had heard amazing things via Yelp- that it was South Philly's favorite take-out spot and the establishment had recently opened a dining room. I hopped on the bus with a half-empty bottle of wine (classy, right?) and kept my eyes peeled for Circles.The place was empty. Strange, I thought, for a Friday night. It didn't scare me though- I knew the food would be good. And boy, was it.We started with summer rolls. Three fatties stuffed with fresh ingredients and wrapped in perfectly chewy rice paper. Drunken noodles with chicken and panang curry with tofu (ordered "white girl spicy") followed shortly after. They were the BEST drunken noodles I've had in Philadelphia, hands down- chock full of veggies and not too greasy. The panang was also excellent, though I wish they used string beans instead of peas. Note: Apparently they have both fried and soft tofu, which I learned about after the fact- you can specify when you order. Suddenly it was 10pm and my friend and I were still finishing our wine. Oops! We were the ONLY customers in the restaurant for two and a half hours. I felt terrible- they could have closed early if we had left shortly after eating. The owner was super friendly and send us home with take-out menus and 15% off coupons.Go to Circles, now! We gotta keep this place open! If you're lucky enough to live in the Queen Village area, you might find a door hanger flyer with a $10 off voucher. Love those coups.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,10/2/2011,21,127,12,5,5>Most of what you need to hear has been said. It's all true. I want to give a different perspective, one you can actually use instead of reading the same glowing reviews over and over, so please, allow me to myopically focus on one thing:The transcendent 50/50 pork sandwich. Listen- I live in South Philly. I eat Tony Lukes, DeNic's, John's, Nicks and a whole host of tiny side corner shops roast pork. JAKES PORK IS BETTER THAN ALL OF THEM. For realz. Why? If only I could count the ways...It might sound obscene, overkill, excessive, whatever you want to say, but adding a smoky, flavorful bacon to the typically by-the-number pork sandwich makes it transcendent. The tender smooth pulled pork counterintuitively compliments the chewy bacon in a perfect way.It's like introducing two old friends you've known and loved for years, but they were always in different circles. Your old friend Bacon, who stood by you since you were a little kid. Sure, people talk bad about him sometimes, but no one knows him like you do. And then there's Pulled Pork. You met him in college. A little more edgy than bacon maybe, but still you can count on him whenever you need. Finally they meet and have sex and make beautiful, perfect babies. babies. IN YOUR MOUTH. Of course, if conception is occurring on this sandwich, the sriraccha spread is the love juice. Spicy, smooth and vinegary, it is perfect for this sandwich. Good God- where has this sauce been my whole life? Its like combining mayo with wasabi. Just knee-weakening. Just put the 50/50 in your mouth yo.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/1/2011,102,117,2,4,3>How is it possible to stuff yourself using nothing but cheese and bread? Tria knows.A nearby location that I've usually passed in favor of Varga, I finally ate at Tria this weekend. I generally expected it to be good, but I couldn't predict the ways in which it would be good.First tip - absolutely go there for the Sunday School. If you've been meaning to go to Tria and also like great cheese, wine and beer at half price, this is the perfect time to start.Other than cheese, bread and beers, our meal basically consisted of:-Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma-Bruschetta - Fresh Mozzarella Crema with Basil Pesto and Heirloom Tomato-Bruschetta -Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender HoneyThat's it. Cheese, bruschetta, figs, and beer. All of it extraordinary. that's how you rack up prices here - you keep wanting to try everything on the menu.Kudos to our waitress as well, who was very friendly and helpful.Am I going back? Oh, indeed.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,9/30/2011,311,132,23,11,12>Everyone should come here at least once. Even if it means eating kimchi and rice (or whatever it is non-Asian people eat when they're trying to save money) for 30 days straight, it will be worth it.Yes, it is true that Vetri now only offers the full tasting menu at $135 a head. Add in the wine tasting menu, and you're over $200 a person, not factoring in tax and tip. I thought I was being clever, so I decided to forgo the wine and pregame with a few pints at Monk's a few blocks away. Not the classiest of things to do, but dealing with my lack of class is something I have to do every day.Be aware that the menu changes seasonally. They offer you a menu with several options for each course, so expect to get any one of those items. You can inform your server if you have any particular preferences or diet restrictions, and they are very accommodating. My dining companion and I received different items for nearly the entire meal, so I was able to sample about 11 different dishes. If you see the spinach gnocchi, order it. Marc Vetri is a master of pasta, but even this is out of the ordinary for him. The gnocchi melts in your mouth, releasing the fresh spinach that is somehow still slightly crisp. The golden onion sweet crepe with white truffle fondue is also completely mind-blasting. Everything from the seasonal vegetable plate to the post-meal macaroons was delicious and perfectly executed, with excellent service and ambiance to match.The only sour taste I got was the one left in my mouth when presented with the bill (incidentally, they also miscalculated *slightly* and almost charged us $200 extra!). But quality isn't always easy to come by, so start collecting your loose change (or loose Benjamins) and, please, direct yourself to Vetri.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,9/29/2011,183,210,,6,4>I went here on Sunday of 4th of July weekend. The place was pretty empty, yet we were told that we had to sit at the sushi bar, because they had no available tables. There were 3 of us, so it was a little awkward. I was very skeptical that the place would really fill up on Sunday, July 3rd, but we went with it. After we ordered, our server offered us a table, saying that someone missed their reservation. That was nice. We ordered seaweed salad and avocado salad to start. I love the ginger dressing that always comes on avocado salad, and I also love seaweed salad. Both were very good, especially the seaweed salad.We ordered 6 rolls for 3 people, and even with the salads - were a little worried it might not be enough. Ha! We got : spicy tuna, alaska, eel and cucumber, dragon roll, yellowtail and scallion, and a fancy one called miss sake bomb (or something).  The rolls were very well presented and even though they were only 6 pieces each, each piece was very large! All 3 of us loved different rolls - so that means they were all very tasty. The Miss Sake Bomb wasn't as good as we were expecting - the cooked salmon on top threw me off, but it was still tasty.Plus: My friend asked for gluten free soy sauce, and was told that they didn't carry it. The server felt bad though, so she apparently went and found a bottle (not sure how) so that my friend could have soy sauce!  5 stars because it's the best sushi I've had in Philly, I think. Not saying it's the best, but I loved it.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,9/28/2011,84,382,4,6,5>We had an early reservation on Easter Sunday, and were pleasantly surprised to find it so uncrowded. Despite threats of rain, our 4-top was determined to sit in the garden and we lucked out with the weather. The garden is absolutely gorgeous. We had a lovely server who was spot on with recommendations. Service was attentive and friendly. Talula's has a wonderful cocktail menu. I enjoyed the Farmer (a twist on a Bellini) and the Beekeeper (a refreshing mint julep type drink). The Orange Creamsicle also got rave reviews. As a group we split the Master Collection cheese plate. Probably the prettiest plate of cheese I have ever seen - served on slate, dotted with accompaniments like hazelnuts and raisins and a tiny jar of local honey. I tasted the ricotta gnudi, which was delicious. I went with the Gnocchi for my entrée and was seriously close to licking the plate clean. Others enjoyed the sea scallops, the duck, and the halibut. For dessert, we were evenly split - the millefeuille of bananas and hazelnut with chocolate gelato, and dark chocolate cremeaux. The millefeuille was presented beautifully with paper thin bananas layered with toffee. Quite appropriately, the bill ends up being pretty high, and our only complaint was that while the food is truly wonderful, the amount of food is a little scarce. A few more gnocchis and sea scallops would have been perfect. We would go back in a heartbeat!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,9/27/2011,82,88,6,10,6>This is my kind of place! I've passed Prohibition a bunch of times and from the outside (and the location), I chalked it up to being a cheesy dive bar... I was totally wrong.Rumor has it this place is owned by the same owners of Cafe Lift and it makes perfect sense; the food is amazing, everything has a "foodie", gastropub-feel and the beer list was second to none. We had a beet salad, polenta fries and deep fried green beans. As if that doesn't sound appetizing enough, we didn't "polish it off with a cool Budweiser", but hand-pumped firkin... It was firkin great... and I'm a firkin loser...
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,9/26/2011,393,748,5,3,3>Ahh, the Walt.  As someone who holds a very useless but fun degree in American Literature, I have never been able to stop giggling over the mere existence of a bridge named for Walt Whitman.  Then again, I am from Long Island, and those from that area know that there is, indeed, a Walt Whitman Mall, so it's my general impression that when all is said and done, Walt may have had a future in marketing had he not been a poet.The Ben Franklin is the default bridge in Philadelphia, it seems, so the Walt is usually less crowded, and easier to get through.  From South Jersey, the Walt gets you to the stadiums and airport much quicker.   And the views are almost identical to those of the Ben!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,9/25/2011,124,147,,8,4>It's hard to review this business without talking about the personality of Stephanie, the owner - that's what makes it special. She's one of these rare people in Philadelphia who has so much idealism about the environment and furry creatures. She has two dogs herself, a French bulldog and this super adorable Pug that I want to sneak home with me. Her philosophy is very much connected to animal psychology, so she doesn't really think "Oh, time to walk the dog." Rather she spends time with the dogs and gives them whatever they need in the moment. She does some training although I don't know the specifics of that. She likes to give feedback to owners about what the dog is doing, kind of like a nanny would do with a child. I have learned a lot of things from her, but to be honest, she sometimes says things that are over my head. She has boarding opportunities although they need to be able to get on with her own dogs. She is ridiculously affordable and I know for a fact that she'll negotiate with people. At the very least, I suggest you call her and bring your dog over to meet her. I think that would be the best way to see if there's a fit. I almost can guarantee that your dog will love her. And you will too.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,3/21/2010,29,89,6,6,7>Bus depot. Fried chicken joint. Bum. Wawa. Wait, there's something else on 11th Street underneath that dingy Convention Center overhang... Dim Sum Garden!The main point of our visit was Xiao Long Bao, known to us white people as Soup Dumplings. We got the pork filled ones and loved every bite. They were in the upper rung of Asian dishes I've ever had. We also got the duck over noodles. The duck was cooked really well and the noodles were spectacular. Actually, we started to order the duck over rice but the waitress was kind enough to steer us in the right direction. I've had scallion pancakes on several occasions in the past but the ones at DSG were exceptional, probably the best. The Bok Choy was also very tasty and we got a few other plates that were equally delicious. We were there for dinner on Saturday night and it wasn't crowded but I would imagine this place fills up for the weekend brunch crowd. Ignore the sketch and check this place out! Just look for the one business on this block without the stench of death all over it and you've found it!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,3/20/2010,37,78,4,6,6>Rim Cafe was nice enough to accommodate a group of 8 of us for Yelp Book Club, so I thought I should write a review immédiatement. The space is nice and cozy-- not the cleanest, but it certainly has its charm. A piano is perched in the corner with all sorts of crap stacked on top of it, a huge wall mirror helps the claustrophobic folks feel more at ease, and a fake fireplace looks fitting yet out of place, a few feet away from a pile of computers. The same Randy Newman song played on the speakers, juxtaposed against French tv in the top front corner of the bar. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest, but despite the eccentric mess going on in this place...I just can't knock off any stars off my 5, because this place is unique and just plain damn charming.I thought $6.50 was a steep price to pay for tea (note to Rene: update your website prices) but the taste assured me I was getting a deal. It was the best tea I've ever tasted. The dried apple ring garnish was the perfect touch, and I would've greedily dumped the pieces of dried cranberries and raisins at the bottom of my glass into my mouth if I was alone, but I decided to be somewhat civilized amidst company. I got a rooibus cappucino to go-- the perfect caffeine-free finish to a wonderful taste experience. The owner takes his time making the beverages, but I assure you, it's well worth the wait. Just choose to embrace the Randy Newman, and remember to take Rene up on his multiple yet endearing requests to become a fan of Rim Cafe on Facebook.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,3/19/2010,22,130,19,11,9>You know what I love most about Johnny Brenda's? It's not the great local beer selection, the unique food menu, loaded jukebox or the pool table. It's not even the fact that they have pretty good shows upstairs which don't mean a cover for people hanging out on the first floor....It's that there are no TVs! Yet there are two 1-star reviews of this bar simply because they have no TV! If you like TV so much maybe you should sneak a six pack into Best Buy! They have TONS of 'em! JB's rules!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2009,3/18/2010,162,175,7,11,8>Dammit, Brendan, you're going to make me go broke.The owners of Memphis Taproom and Local 44 opened this little gem, and I'm in love.I went opening night, and it was PACKED (I biked by last night and again, packed). But oddly enough, for being dimly lit, nighttime, and full, it seemed open and airy. The beer was great, the food was great, the staff was great. People were extremely helpful and happy to be, despite the crowd five strong at the bar waiting to order. They were also handing out free "samples" of key menu items. I will definitely be back here. Especially because Brendan recognized me from Local 44 and came to say hi (I paid entirely in quarters, once, and he didn't even care).OH OH OH!Just be aware, both Local 44 and Resurrection use peanut oil. I don't know if Memphis does, but I'd watch out if you have a peanut allergy.Luckily, beers are peanut free!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,3/17/2010,47,222,7,9,8>I'm not a vegan. Hell, I am not even a vegetarian. But I am a wannabe foodie... The Yelp reviews for this place were stellar so I suggested a dinner party here for Erin G.'s 40th bithday bash. We had about 8 people and we pretty much covered the main course and app. menu. EVERYTHING was delicious. Everything was filled to the brim with flavor and the portions were awesome. I had a bite of everything and all of it was great. The BBQ Jerk seitan was so damn close to pork I thought they were lying. My main course was the pacific brim tofu and it too was damn near perfect. This is a perfect date restaurant guys.  Its classy, they offer some great stiff drinks, and there isn't a bad thing on the menu. Go.p.s. Erin G. isn't really 40.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,3/16/2010,129,194,7,11,10>This is hands-down, the thing I love most about Philadelphia right now. It is my favorite public art project, ever. It is amazing. It makes me smile, laugh, and cry. And I love that it start out in my hood and becons westward. Never been to 69th street? For shame. You're missing a lot of the city, and a lot of history about the devastating impact of raised rail public transportation. Do yourself a favor and make the trip. Learn about the spirit of our gritty little city and the stores that still bust ass everyday to make it. Take along someone you love.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,3/15/2010,75,163,8,12,11>My new favorite spot south of Washington. Extensive beer list, good music and a hard working and talented waitstaff, leaves little to complain about. OK, the Mens room is mighty small, so get in line. I did not get food, but will rectify that on my next visit. The fifth star is for Heather our server. She handled a large group of Yelpers, ordering a variety of shots and beers, flawlessly. In order to chat up enough yelpers before slurring my words, I moved around a lot. My beer always found me, and so did Heathers smile. The P.O.P.E is lucky to have such an excellent server. She alone would bring me back. The P.O.P.E was Jim's choice for a UYE. He chose wisely.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,3/14/2010,996,928,16,13,13>Listed below are the items that I have consumed at Village Whiskey, from least amazing to most amazing, done in the style of a horoscope.Duck Fat Fries - You will find yourself too thick cut to appeal to some people today.  Beware, for your trust in your house made ketchup may not be able to salvage your texture.Soft Pretzels - The stars are moving and you struggle to keep up.  Understand your place as a damn good serving of soft pretzels but don't try to steal the limelight from your compatriots.  Bide your time until improvements can be made before trying to tackle your enemies.Herb Cherry Tomatoes - Approachability is a double edged sword.  Though people find you easy to approach, they may find you too delicious if that is even possible.  Stay away from people who will die if they find something very delicious because you will kill them.Truffle Lemon Artichokes - You are less approachable than the Herb Cherry Tomatoes but everything else in its horoscope applies to you.Tater Tots - You've finally achieved your goal of making people rethink what a tater tot should taste like.  Take the time to appreciate this but don't get caught up in self-admiration.  Apathy will breed contempt and you must move on to the next life challenge.Spicy Popcorn Shrimp - You must move quickly because everyone will want a piece of you.  You are served with a delicious buffalo aoli that has made you a prime target for attack.  Keep your head down, lest you be ravaged by the horde.Village Burger with Caramelized Onions and a fried Egg - You are served on an ideal sesame roll and are probably the best tasting burger in Philadelphia.  Take time out today to revel in your greatness, but remain humble.  Arrogance will breed strong competitors.--Seriously, Village Whiskey gets 5 stars based on the basic Village burger alone.  The only burger I've ever had that is better than this was at Burger Bar in Las Vegas.I will probably go back one day and splurge on the Whiskey King, an 8oz. burger with maple bourbon glazed cipollini, rogue bleu cheese, applewood bacon, and foie gras for $24.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,3/11/2010,112,62,9,11,8>BEST CHICKEN SOUP EVER.Seriously, the soup-making skills of Mama Jovan (let's call her that; I don't actually know her name) are OUT OF THIS FRIGGIN' WORLD. This soup will make you feel like your favorite grandma just hugged you and kissed you and covered you in a crocheted blanket on the couch while slipping you pieces of candy every hour on the hour. It's the cure-all, for sure. The ultimate better-than-your-mom's chicken soup. Fresh meat, flavorful broth, big hunks of carrot. Simple with no frills, as chicken soup should be. And it's served with nearly half a loaf of crusty bread. Oh, and lots of napkins. (Sometimes, I don't even buy napkins for my house when I run out; I call in a food order at Jovan's!)Other wonderfully delicious items at Jovan's include the bruschetta and the burger. But be warned: the food is prepared as you order, which means it's going to take a while (but taste amazing). If you live nearby and pop in to order your food to-go, don't fret about waiting. Grab a drink at the bar and chat it up with the bartender. He's friendly, as are Mama and her husband, who both work the kitchen.Gosh, all this talk of soup and burgers, I'm sort of glad we're having a chilly spell this week. It's perfect soup weather!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,3/10/2010,85,324,10,9,13>I came here for a UYE held by the illustrious/notorious Jim H. I'd actually never been over in this part of Philly before, so it was nice to walk over and see a little slice of Fitler Square. I actually walked past it since it's pretty much two doors inset into a building on the corner. Thankfully I saw the sandwich/beer board on my return trip.Inside I was greeted by a warm atmosphere with lights that reminded me of the best of the neighborhood bars I used to go to back in Chicago. The bartender took my beer order and I settled into a nice comfortable night of talking to The Limey and the rest of the Yelpers. The Fullers ESB cask was phenomenal. The food was good too. The smoked turkey sandwich I got was damn tasty, though it was a tad light on the toppings and meat.The people were an interesting mix of Ryan Adams looking hipsters, 20 somethings, the Yelpers, and the emo looking server. As Jim H alluded to earlier, there were in fact people playing Connect Four, as well as people watching Jeopardy.For $1000 when will Jim go back to Doobies?What is really damn soon, Alex?
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,1/7/2011,88,127,5,11,6>Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Philly. I came here for Restaurant Week and was totally NOT gypped. Each of us was allowed two plates for two courses, and then one dessert each. Two people = ten plates = two totally satisfied fatsos.We ordered the chorizo pamplona (served with cornichons, caperberries and french dijon [my fave, but they were stingy]), gambas al ajillo, ham croquetas, and roasted vegetables with goat cheese toasts to start. EVERYTHING WAS GOOD. I had NO complaints about anything. I loved the roasted vegetables with the goat cheese. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and I loved that they included some chili peppers for those, like ourselves, that prefer things a little spicier.Our second courses were the asparagus with poached egg and truffle, chicken breast with fried egg and truffle, beef shortrib flatbread with horseradish, parm and bacon, and the scallops grilled a la plancha. The flatbread could've used a little more horseradish (again, we like spicy stuff), but everything else was cooked to perfection. I'm a big fan of truffle so I'm fairly easy to please. Definitely loved the asparagus dish most.The desserts were crema catalana and saffron arroz con leche, with complimentary almond tuile. Amazing.AGAIN, EVERYTHING WAS GOOD. I highly recommend this restaurant. I know some people are wary of "small plates" but we were sooooo full afterwards, and this is coming from an extreme glutton.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,1/6/2011,144,305,4,7,7>Bargain hunting for a good cause.  What could be better?I've been going to AIDS Thrift ever since I moved to Philly and it's pretty much the best place ever.  I'm pretty clumsy, and break lots of dishes - so coming here and grabbing gently used cups, pint glasses, plates, and silverware all for under $15 is awesome.  They've got plenty of clothes and a huge used book and record collection upstairs.  Come here on a rainy day and spend hours looking through the racks.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,1/5/2011,77,57,5,8,4>The Silver Spoon is the cutest freaking place ever.  All I can think about is how fantastic it's going to be when Spring/Summer happens and they open the doors and have seating out on the patio.  I will be bringing my OB, and planting my arse there for hours, that's for sure.I went there (thanks to Yelp!) a couple Saturdays ago for a late breakfast / early lunch.  I was paranoid there wouldn't be any tables, because that's how I am whenever I go somewhere with an above-average Yelp! rating, but the place was pretty empty at around 10:30 a.m., so we got a spot by the window.I was immediately charmed by the warm yellow walls and metallic ceiling tile-thingies (I'm so not interior-design-savvy), and the case of mysterious desserts and granola-y looking items.  I say mysteries because they didn't have any labels, nor did anyone mention them on any menu I saw.  Also charming was the four-top of older, nicely-coiffed ladies who were literally discussing various iterations of Bridge (apparently there's something called "the _new_ bridge," which is played by the most foreward-thinking old ladies, but hated on by actual old ladies), and saying things like, "Doris, you have *got* to come over for Mah Jong."The menu was pretty awesome.  Saturday mornings, they put out the Mid-Day menu, which is a smattering of both breakfast and lunch items.  We had envisioned breakfast at first, but then they described the soups, so we changed it up.  My husband had the Silver Spoon Mushroom soup with cumin croutons and chili oil, which was amazingly rich and has to be a calorie-fest.  I got the turkey and escarole soup which was light, tasty, and more escarole-y than turkey-ish.  Then, my husband ordered this breakfast sandwich - homemade english muffin, bacon, caramelized onions, egg, and cheddar; I ordered the tuna sandwich, because it said it included pickled onions, and I was inspired to go there before 11:00 a.m., simply because they were going to let me. Our server, whose name I forget, was really welcoming, funny, and gorgeous.  We hung out for a while and had two ginormous cups of coffee, soaked up some rays in our window seat, and then picked up some menus to take home with us to pine over our next meal there.Any place with pretty people, sunshine, homemade english muffins, and local ingredients is a must in my book.  I'm going back for Sunday brunch tomorrow with a girlfriend, so hopefully my 5 star Yelpage won't catch on so soon that I have to wait in line!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,1/4/2011,82,189,10,11,11>Indisputable, undeniable perfection in every way.The interior is gorgeous. Pressed tin ceilings in a dark, lush color, leading down to subtle beadboard. Sconces lilt over the scene in flirty glass shades and slinky cloth-covered chains. Each window holds a handsome plant in a reassuringly heavy ceramic pot. At sundown the black marble tables pick up evening light and shine. I ate, drank, and read my way happily into the late hours, aided by faint ambient light and two hard-working votives in glass cubes, offered to me by a lovely woman who appeared out of absolute nowhere, in what I recall to be a particularly glamorous ensemble.I got several small plates, each of which was outstanding. Shrimp with chorizo (5 large, delicious skewered shrimp, each wrapped around a fiery, orange-red disk).Eggplant hummus with grilled bread (seemingly an entire loaf - yum).French fries, in rosemary, with cold mayo (fries are my oxygen) -- not match-sticky thank goddess. Just wonderful, and exactly what you hope they will be.Roasted golden beets with spiced walnuts and goat cheese (ground pepper brought it together perfectly).For wine I had one, then two, OK finally THREE glasses of a crisp white called Pansa Blanca. Think of it as liquid turn-on.Not wanting to put the breaks on my caloric rager, I finished off with the mascarpone cheesecake with honey-poached pear. INSANELY DELICIOUS!Finally I got to have George the bartender, server, and man of the evening be my (unknown to him) imaginary boyfriend. Likelihood of becoming reality: zero. But that's what imagination is for!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/3/2011,96,186,10,17,9>This is Blake F.'s own personal parking garage and I do realize that by reviewing this right now I am doing my dear friend, Blake F., a total disservice. Everyone will know about this secret spot and everyone will go there. Too bad. I don't really drive downtown much, I walk, ride a bike (on the rare occasion that I find the temperature agreeable AND am wearing pants) or I hop on the bus. And when I do drive downtown, it's usually only for a quick run in somewhere, long enough to stay parked on the street in a regular paralell spot. If I ever had to park in a garage, however, I'd probably park here. It's in a secret location (if you consider "SECRET" a side street in the middle of the busiest few blocks in this city) and their prices are decent. There was no waiting around, no line of people waiting around, no grumpy guys in windbreakers, none of the bad things typically associated with parking garages.Although they didn't move Callan W.'s seat back up. Is this a move impossible for valet parkers/parking attendents to execute properly? Swing your legs out and move that shit forward. It's just polite. Anyways, I'm giving this place four stars. Park here.BONUS: If I'm not mistaken, it's spitting distance from Philadelphia's own Gold Club. Park here, go there.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,1/2/2011,331,353,9,12,8>Its always funny for me (as a meaty) to partake in a veggie friendly eatery since I have the fortunate (or unfortunate) knowledge of what meat tastes like.  With that being said, I do like to indulge in the fake meats occasionally.  I split a cheese steak with my buddy Blake and then followed it up with a slice of the Yukon pie.  The cheese steak was good and I could tell the bread to "meat" ratio was heavy on the bread side, but as a carb lover, it did not bother me.  It is as solid of a veggie cheese steak as you will find in this city.  I was a little annoyed that the description did not make mention that it came with green peppers (and mushrooms and onions), but no worries as I just passed them along to Blake.The Yukon pie is the shining star of this place.  Carbs on top of carbs....yes please!  The crispiness of the thin sliced potatoes on top of the crispy crust was perfect and the rosemary and salt seasoning was delish.  It was cold outside, and unfortunately inside too, but luckily this pie is meant to bulk you up for the winter months.  Good thing I don't live close.  I would like to say that I would go back for other slices (they did look tasty), but somehow, I think I am in a monogamous relationship with the Yukon Slice.  Oh well, at least it is love.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,1/1/2011,400,308,4,14,8>This should be your only choice for moving in, around in and out of Philadelphia.  They came. They saw. They conquered.   Conquered our crap, that is.  Loads of heavy boxes, clumsy big furniture, racks of loose clothing, an old dinosaur television, miscellaneous loose items - were swiftly taken from a third floor walk-up two floor apartment to a three floor row home on a sweltering August day in under 3 hours.  They did so with ease, precision, resourcefulness and at a totally reasonable price.They don't mess around, they mean business, they get the job done and look cool while doing it.  Tip generously.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,12/31/2010,125,201,12,11,7>This place looks like you discovered the secret falafel shop pipe in Super Mario 3's plant world. The falafel's tasty, the fries would be unexceptional except that you can dip them in preblended ketchup/mayo, which makes them totally exceptional, and the salads are reliably good - I relish the cilantro sauce, cucumber/tomato salad and pickles. Add a fresh juice for $1, and your $6 has realized its maximum potential. If you're experiencing one of those periods when every single dollar is precious and it's either hummus or your coffee tomorrow morning, skip the hummus - with a whole bar full of toppings to load up on, you won't even miss it.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,12/30/2010,58,124,9,10,10>Percy's is a must try for whiskey fans. I'm not a big whiskey drinker, but I was pretty impressed with their whiskey selection. Unfortunately there isn't much selection when it comes their cocktails and over-priced beers.However the food was awesome. Classic and simple BBQ served on a platter, and so darn tasty! My bar mate and I arrived at Percy's for their late-night menu, which really is the best way to go (their normal menu is a bit pricey). He got a brisket sandwich and I got the rib tips sandwhich. Both were good, but we both agreed that my rib tips were by far the better choice. The texture of the bite-sized rib tips was just perfect. The plain white bread was a nice comforting touch too...But what really won me over was their Mac & Cheese; giving this review 4, instead of 3, stars. So wow... it's just like how my grandma makes it! Perfectly cooked al dente elbows baked all the way with lots of sharp white cheddar. Then the top was smothered with tasty bread crumbs, yay! My grandmother would be pleased, I know I sure was!Overall Percy's was a cool and comfortable place to grab a drink and some tasty eats. Our bartender was really awesome and quite the hunk too, hehe. I'll definitely come back and bring my whiskey drinking friends. But only for happy hour or the late night menu...
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,12/29/2010,1014,321,24,23,25>Visualize chefs Georges Perrier, Jose Garces and Han Chiang all lined up, a la Sesame Street. {musical interlude}One of these things is not like the other, one of these things just doesn't belong! Can you guess which thing is not like the other? By the time I finish my song...Stumped?  You shouldn't be.  Two are old-school, crankypants chefs who turn out food that defines its particular style.  One is a new-school, practically cuddly chef whose food is equally transporting, but who came of age in the era of Food Network. Things coming clear yet?If forthright opinions on what you are ordering don't appeal to you, go elsewhere. If language barriers with some servers make you nervous, go elsewhere. If you require deference, hand-holding and/or General Tso's chicken, I beg of you, go elsewhere. If cool crunchy cukes bathed in a spine-tingling mixture of chili and sesame oils sound excting, get to Han Dynasty.  How about dry-pot flounder cooked twice and served flaming to the table, or paper-thin-skinned pork-filled wontons swimming in yet more bright red chili slicks? Han Dynasty will make you sit straight up in your chair and bark like a seal.  So THIS is what Schezuan is supposed to taste like!I've been here four times and each time have a new experience with new dishes.  The cooling bok choy with mushrooms is one of the only un-spicy dishes on the menu, and creates earthy interludes between all that heat.  Didn't know about it until last night. Beyond how good the food is, it is an unbelievable value.  Dinner for six last night, including a very good tip, was $20 each.  Believe the hype, and BYO some sparkling wine.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,9/6/2013,123,206,,5,4>Circles has redeemed itself time and time again.I see a lot of people have had issues with delivery, but for me its always been fast and arrived as ordered. I have decided, though, that noodle dishes are best ordered in house, otherwise they'll be a little overcooked from the steam in the take out container.I've tried a good many things on the menu, but I always come back to pumpkin curry. For anything, always order one spice level lower than you normally would. This food is HOT. They'll give you extra spice on the side if you ask for it.On my last visit, I took two friends who had never had Thai food. They loved everything, and one of my friends kept saying "I can't wait to eat my leftovers later tonight." Unfortunately, I made the mistake of giving my leftovers to my boyfriend, and I instantly regretted it.I like the atmosphere of the restaurant. Its intimate enough for a date, but not so much so that it is awkward to eat with a group of friends. The service is good, water glasses were always filled (important when eating spicy food), and dirty plates were not left on the table for long.  The only negative thing is that the restroom is located in the back, near the kitchen. If there are delivery guys waiting for their food, you'll have to squeeze by them. The restroom itself is clean though.Okay people, this is me telling you to give Circles another shot. If you don't, you're missing out.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,9/5/2013,90,219,3,6,6>Oh dearest froyo location, how you have only improved since the last time we met. Your clean, friendly layout bursting with green, white and other colors draws me in as a moth to the flame. Your myriad flavors leave me hypnotized and longing for more. Your taro and lychee flavors are the best in the land, and your cake flavors are none to reckon with either. My how your toppings bar is fresh and neat. Kiwi, mango, mochi, jimmies, cake bites, and more complete the perfect cup. Phileo, you had me at "ph-".  As in the best "phroyo" in Phileoyogurtelphia.Honestly, this place is still my favorite in the city. It's a shame it has to be on South St. and not next to my apartment.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,9/4/2013,131,100,,6,6>I have loved this store for years. Ever since they were on Bainbridge Street before they moved to their current location on 5th Street, I have been coming here faithfully. You can find so many treasures here. This store is huge with 2 big floors full of great vintage finds and very cool items. I love the section located upstairs called "Dollar Land" where everything in that particular room is $1.00. I have found so many designer brands for cheap....like Anne Klein, J.Crew, White House Black Market, Express, Ralph Lauren, H&M, etc. This is where I come and shop for work and casual clothing since I'm on a budget. Outside, there are bins with items you can take absolutely free. You can also become a volunteer or donate your old clothes, furniture, old electronics and more. The staff there are extremely helpful when needed. I'm giving this place 5 stars because this place is awesome and I love it dearly.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,9/3/2013,43,198,3,7,5>This restaurant deserves five stars because it tries to do something few restaurants do and it does it well.  VL promotes healthy and non-greasy meals, so if you like a lot of colorful, flavorful food, but not a lot of salt, oil, and calories, this is for you. I had a delicious dinner that included the veggie lettuce wraps appetizer  (it was served in two bowls, one that had large, hardish bowl-shaped pieces of lettuce and one that contained a delicious recipe of bean sprouts, ham-like pieces of faux meat, and some other things in a scrumptious sauce).  Truthfully, I could have stopped at this point. But, I also ordered the Eggplant Heaven main meal. It included a nice portion of eggplant, green beans, fried tofu and oranges in a lovely display, along with a bowl of brown rice. I ate half of it and brought the other half home for tomorrow's lunch. My husband had the sweet and sour soup and the General Tso Vegetarian Chicken. He ate everything and was very satisfied with the flavors.The service was great, but a little slower than some places. This is a small restaurant so make sure you don't arrive famished because you may wait a bit.  The restaurant is clean and conveniently located.  There are a lot of drinks on the menu, but we had water and the tea they served in a pot. It was not hot enough, but when I asked for a fresh hot pot, I received one immediately. No complaints here.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,9/2/2013,194,389,4,9,4>It is free, clean and employees are very nice. It is also a lot bigger than I expected. Leave a donation if you can.This zoo is great for people of all ages. For kids there is a nice side playground right outside the zoo entrance. There's a petting zoo with a bunch of goats. For a quarter, you can purchase food out of a dispenser to feed the goats. The change machine was broken but a very nice visitor gave us change for a dollar.The walkways throughout the zoo were elevated on a deck like platform which made it easier to see the animals. There was a great variety of animals including giraffes, zebras, deer, bobcats, lions, a bear, various monkeys, lots of reptiles, many different turtles, flamingoes and chickens and peacocks walking all over the zoo.It took us about 2 hours to get through the zoo.The food isn't that bad either. They do have some healthier options like a grilled chicken sandwich or turkey sandwich.I've enjoyed this zoo just as much as zoos that I have paid an admission to get in.The parking situation is also good.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,9/1/2013,339,909,,14,9>It is time to revisit my past reviews of House of Pho, and update my impressions and ranking for this ever improving Vietnamese restaurant.  Returning for the first time in a few months, the first thing I noticed was the presence of booths along the front windows.  We sat there, and the additional privacy was felt immediately.  Great touch!  They also had moved the drink menu onto a table card for immediate perusal and quick ordering.  Smart move to save the time of waiting for the arrival of the menu.  We selected the Mango Smoothy and Coconut Tuoi, and had them at the table within minutes, and before we ordered the victuals. The Smoothie was sweet and creamy, just as I remembered it, and the Tuoi was a mild coconut infused water with thin Coconut shavings in the glass.  Mildly sweet and instantly refreshing.  We ordered the Spring Roll app, Grilled Shrimp with Lemongrass Sauce, and a small Pho Gai (Chicken).  The Spring Roll was cool, crisp and so fresh, with extra large Shrimp seen through the translucent skins.  The Peanut Sauce had a bit of a spicy kick and complemented the sweet crispness of the roll.  The Grilled Shrimp were smaller than in the Roll, but numerous, and arrived nestled in a lettuce leaf.  The Lemongrass Sauce was an interesting taste, less dominant that its Thai sibling, but well used with the shrimp.  It was subtle and I really appreciate the interplay with the light BBQness of the Shrimp. Finally, the soup was Pho-n-tastic; hot broth with large slivers of Chicken Breast and Noodles. The flavor was superb.  This is a clear broth as opposed to the sometimes tawny opaque smoky flavor offered by other pho joints.  Of course, it came with a side plate loaded with sprouts, basil leaves, jalapeno slices and wedge of lime. The bowl was so full when I finished preparing it I had to press down gently with my spoon to suppress the garnish and allow some soup into my spoon. A slightly bigger bowl with the same amount of ingredients might have been a good idea to avoid spillage. Totally satisfying.We finished with VN Coffee and Green Tea, so we could sit for a while longer and talk while we continued to enjoy the evening created by House of Pho.This establishment has become first class.  It need offer no apology to sister shops in nearby urban centers.  In fact, I recently returned from Garden Grove, California, the Vietnamese capital in the USA, where I sampled a few Vietnamese delights.  None were any better than House of Pho, and some were considerably worse. 5 Stars to House of Pho.  Great work, Fred and Victor!OCTOBER 4, 2014 - The best places continue to evolve as they find their groove and have the courage to explore the outer limits.  House of Pho follows this tradition.  Their menu is broader as they are now offering special seafood dishes, no doubt putting a creative edge to a marketing survey to see where to go next.  The house remains clean and coolly inviting.  The staff seems to finally feel comfortable with the kitchen genius, and Fred and Victor reign serenely over their domain. Today's Jackfruit Smoothie was so good ($1. off) and my Com Thit Nuong tasty and full of Pork, Noodles and Spouts.  While I went in for the Pho, the alternatives overcame me, and I went with something new for me.  Still a 5 Star experience.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,8/31/2013,204,269,6,7,6>I'm borderline obsessed with Pure Barre. I bought the socks, a bag and a nalgene.  I've started a pinterest board of poses and I just about talk about Pure Barre at any time I can fit it into conversation with friends. Maybe I'm not so borderline... maybe I've fully crossed over the line.This is an hour long workout that goes by super quick.  The music is fun and upbeat.  With the variety of poses they offer in each class it seems like you hold the pose long enough that your muscles are shaking uncontrollably but switch it up often enough that the hour flies by. Instructors are all different so when you find a few that their style you prefer - stick with them.  Erin, Rachel and Noelle are my favorite. I attend mostly early morning classes and they seem to be the instructors for those time slots... which makes me a very happy camper at 6:15am!The classes are through an online sign up.  I've not had much of a problem getting into class. Most of the time even if I'm on the waitlist I end up right in the class.I have one minor thing (which I've seen on other yelpers reviews) that I must mention... they don't have showers.  So (for me) I still have to run home before going somewhere else afterwards (work, dinner, happy hour, etc). I will also mention I think this is a fabulous workout to tone, sculpt and lift (as Pure Barre says) but I believe most people will also need another aerobic workout.  Although I find all my sculpting needs at Pure Barre I still need to have a good run or spin class in addition .I'd love it if Pure Barre did more with their playlists.  Maybe post them on their website or facebook page? No phones are allowed in class - so I can't shazam songs I don't know but would like to buy.  Really nothing but yourself, waterbottle and maybe a towel are allowed. Things you'll need to know if you have never been to class... bring socks to wear (preferably ones with grippy stuff on the bottom)  and nice workout clothes. The nice workout clothes aren't necessary... but when you look around in class, you'll wonder if Lulu sponsored the whole place. As for the price - it aint cheap. Look for deals and steals online.  They're hard to come by but I was able to find one that worked for me.  Tuck, Tuck Hold, Tuck, Tuck Freeze.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,8/30/2013,577,372,6,10,11>I love that they dont let me cheat myself.Squat lower!Toss that wall ball higher!Fully extend those arms!The gym is very welcoming to beginners and people of all shapes and sizes and capabilities. The people are friendly and its a positive experience all around. I've only been around for a couple months and I've already begun to see a difference in physique, appetite, mood, and athletic capabilities. Looking forward to looking back after a year to see huge gains and huge losses!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/29/2013,141,264,,11,7>This place is amazing!  I had a banana custard (think yonana) with peanut butter today and a small kale and quinoa burrito - both were FABULOUS!  I went at 2pm and I was in and out within 5 minutes.  The line can be long at lunch time but its probably because the place just opened. My food was fresh, tasty, healthy and they even gave garden of Eden organic chips on the side - nice touch - bc w all the gmo corn out there - it's great to eat something I already know is organic and gmo free.  The vegan menu options, which are plentiful, are clearly labeled plus  the menu is easy to read. You can omit cheese and substitute veggies and create any vegan burrito you are looking for. though, after the quinoa kale burrito i dont see a reason to order anything else.  They use eco friendly packaging for take away and have very cute bowls and plates for dining in.  Note: The burritos come in two sizes, small and large, I had the small and thought it was sufficiently sized. The pico is GREAT - add it on you wont regret it. Vegans:  The banana custard is vegan (its just frozen bananas) the chocolate sauce is vegan as well.  I can pretty much imagine eating lunch here every day.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/28/2013,46,77,4,10,7>I can not rave enough about this place. For kids of any age, even toddlers, this is a great indoor activity center to go to.Our daughter, only 20 months old at the time, had a blast. She enjoyed the bubble room, where you can blow gigantic bubbles and even stand inside of one. She loved playing with toy food at the various restaurant and kitchen exhibits, playing on the slides and staircases, and watching the fish swim. When the basketball room was a little too scary for her (older kids are a bit wild), she was able to relax in the calm dinosaur dig playpen.All in all we had a great time in the air conditioning on a blazing hot summer day. We are looking forward to going again!A few tips: -Stay near your kid and play with them if they'll let you. This isn't a babysitting service! It's a chance to bond, learn, and play pretend.-Most of the exhibits are very peacefully engaging, but some (notably the basketball and hockey rooms) encourage active play. This is great most of the time, but now and then you'll get some wild older kids in that area so just be mindful.-If you're planning on coming back more than once, consider a membership. It really is worth it.    -If you want a quieter crowd, go on Sunday instead of Saturday.  -If you're low on cash, check your local library. Some will lend free passes!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,10/18/2009,115,317,7,7,8>I came here for the pumpkin UYE saturday, and damn they serve good beer.  How can you not love an event that features 10 varieties of pumpkin ale and is giving away pumpkin pies?The pumpkin beers were outstanding.  Southern Tier Pumpking was  a crowd favorite (slightly sweet, vanilla flavor) and it's not surprising they ran out part-way through the evening.  Weyerbacher, Brooklyn, and Dogfishhead were other favs.  However my personal favorite (that some others didn't like) was The Brewery's autumn maple.  It didn't really taste like maple, or autumn for that matter.  It reminded me of a Belgian triple, and is strong and dark... the way I like my men.  It might in fact be one of my new fav beers.The pumpkin-inspired menu was a fun addition to their regular menu - pumpkin french toast, pasta, soup, and cake.  I snagged the last order of the pumpkin plantain soup and happy I did.  And they were basically giving away pumpkin pies.  The deal was supposed to be drink 4 beers and get a pie, but my friend just asked about the pies and was given one on the spot.  Good deal!  So what if it was a little burnt around the edges... I don't turn down free baked goods when I'm drinking.A bunch of yelpers and others there for the pumpkin event made the small space even more crowded.  They seemed a little unprepared for such a crowd, and could have benefited from some extra servers.  I gather that their usual saturday afternoon crowd though is probably pretty sparse.  Even in the small space however, my gang was able to congregate around a table at one end with plenty of space.While it's a fine neighborhood bar, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here on a regular basis.  But the pumpkin event was brilliant and a great way to spend an afternoon!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,10/17/2009,129,194,7,9,7>I can't believe that it took my vegetarian ass 6 years of living in Philadelphia before I took a trip to Horizons. My friend Josh suggested it for a group dinner to start my birthday weekend off right - and that it did. We arrived with a pretty large group (8) and while we had to wait a bit for our reservation, they gave us a great table in the center of the upstairs back room. I'm not used to making decisions when every menu item is a possibility, and it was a real treat. Between the group we ordered almost every item on the menu, and they were ALL delicious. I got a big kick out of all of my carnivore friends ooohing and ahhing over their dishes - no meat was missed! I also had some great mixed drinks. While it's a little pricey, and the art upstairs could use a major makeover, and the wait staff was SLOW (perhaps because they had a guaranteed  tip) the space was great, and the food was fabulous!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2009,10/16/2009,115,34,6,11,6>There must be some magic congenital association between the name "Betty" and outstanding cupcake-making abilities.  First Brown Betty's, and now this?  Eerie.  After seeing that Betty's Speakeasy had just been named the 2009 Best of Philly winner for Cupcakes, I clearly had to swing by. The Speakeasy is a charming shop on an awkward wedge of a block near the intersection of South St. and Gray's Ferry, and has only a tiny sign on the door to herald its title (in true speakeasy style, I suppose).  Inside, it has the homey feel of stepping into a baker's kitchen, with sunny staff and a tempting case of handmade delights of various kinds.  They were very patient with my indecision. I went with 4 cupcakes, since I was on a tasting mission.  In order of preference: (Tie for First): 1.  It's Always Sunny: Dense, moist (bordering on heavy) pound cake imbued with orange flavor and topped with yellow buttercream bursting with orange zest and Grand Marnier, charmingly piped in a sunburst pattern.  Spectacular.  I am not one for excess frosting (and this was just the right amount), but it was so good that I wanted more!  1.  Dark & Stormy: Moist rum-soaked pound cake topped with fresh ginger buttercream and drizzled with melted (semisweet?) chocolate.  Oh. my. gosh.  I only intended to eat half of this one on my first round of tasting, but I couldn't stop myself.  Pure pleasure - the ginger is a brilliant stroke.  Clear, intense flavors and great execution. The other two I liked less: 3. Black Magic:  Purportedly Betty's signature flavor, a coffee-tinged chocolate cake topped with a sparse latticework of goat milk "cajeta," a form of dulce de leche.  The cake was airy, almost to the point of being unsatisfying.  The chocolate cake was on the bitter side, perhaps aided by the undetectable coffee.  I prefer Brown Betty's chocolate cake, which is denser and more flavorful.  The cajeta had a distinctive taste which I detcted mostly as the goat milk, with less of a burnt sugar flavor than I hoped.  The cajeta was also somewhat dry and sparse, leaving me wishing for more frosting (which I rarely do).  Denser, more chocolatey cake with a more generous serving of frosting with a stronger caramel taste would move me more. 4. Black Velvet:  Oh Betty. I will give you a Mulligan and not judge you on this, but it was dry as week-old bread.  The cream cheese frosting was great, but the rest was a loss.  I know you've got the skills, so maybe I got a bad batch. All in all, this is a wonderful, feel-good establishment using quality ingredients, handcraftsmanship, and creative combinations.  I would like to see them better strike the balance Brown Betty finds between airyness and density in their cakes, and ensure consistency, but this is clearly a hot think-tank of cupcake invention and I WILL be back.  5 stars for the first two varieties, 2 for the other two.  Yay for the $2 pricetag!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,10/15/2009,93,214,7,15,12>I got to send some love to this place. Which is shocking, since there's a whole saga. Let me summarize:  I bought a bike via evil, awful craigslist and took it to the Bike Stable to get fixed. Bike Stable ran the code on my new, wonderful, shockingly inexpensive bike and found out it was a stolen bike and went to work reuniting my bike to its real owner post-haste. Which is exactly what I'd hope and want a shop to do. Even though it meant I was minus 1 bike. Which made me sad. And unable to write a review on the Bike Stable because I was too busy grinding my teeth as I was walking everywhere. Seriously, it was pathetic.Then, a week later, the great owner of the Bike Stable called me, to follow up (!!!) and make sure I'd been able to get my money back from the skeeze ball bike kid (!!!!) I had renamed Punky Theiferson (I did get my monies back...but that's another story). I was floored. I mean, really shocked that they'd bother to call. I hadn't bought a bike from them and had shown up on their doorstep with stolen property. And they called to see how my bike search was going. That same day, I went over to the Bike Stable and tried roughly 5 bikes (crazy, considering how small their shop is). The service was exceptional, their advice was first rate, and I couldn't get over the quality of their Bianchi brand bikes. So we bought one (legally, sigh). And its been fantastic. A++ to Bike Stable. If my bike ever gets stolen, I trust they'll do what they can to get it back. And in the meantime, they're really rather helpful and great with all my rather amateur bike questions and needs.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,10/14/2009,112,62,9,12,11>Tucked away in the armpit of the city (I say that with the utmost love and devotion), Penn Treaty is a great spot for chillin' the heck out. Not to mention, um, taking part in the activities the community puts on here: Shadfest, Waterfront Wednesdays (free concerts! woo!), clean up days, etc. And for those romantics out there, it's a great date spot.The park definitely appeals to all walks of life: new-to-the-area-sort-of-upper-crust families, Fishtown teens looking for a place to do their teenager thing, office folks from the adjacent building, bike riders and runners taking a break ... the list goes on. Diversity is certainly present here (yay for that!) and, unless there's a big event, the park is never overly crowded. Awesome, huh?Two more things: PTP is pretty clean, thanks in part to the Friends of Penn Treaty Park organization, and being able to sit on the rocks right by the water is just goddamn cool.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,10/12/2009,75,163,11,12,9>When reading real reviews by real people, you have to understand that you might not be getting a opinion of someone with a trained palate or culinary studies experience. I am no exception, but I do eat out more than frequently, OK a shit load. I believe you start gaining a more valid opinion based on the trial and error. I like to think of it as the culinary school of hard knocks. I also think if you have a favorite dish and order it frequently, you do know exactly how it should be prepared. For me, that dish is duck...I jones for it like quack...sorry i mean crack. I have a tough time passing it up when I see it on menu. The duck at Farmicia was the best I ever had, in fact only the late Copper(RIP) came close. What was special about it? Absolutely nothing except that it was a great piece of fowl, seasoned and cooked without discernible flaws. everything else I have had was also pleasing. My advice for the frequent diner, is have a meal at Farmicia and use it as a baseline for judging other meals. Good cooking is obvious to even the inexperienced palate.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,10/11/2009,245,509,6,7,8>Jose Garces will you marry me? Can you imagine our wedding? The food would be phenomenal.I'd have waiters serving the deviled eggs. I love the deviled eggs at jones, but these take the cake. I couldn't even tell you what was in that lovely yolk mixture. They were heavenly. OishikattaI love a good pretzel. So we ordered those. The mustard had a kick. Similar to wasabi. The mustard along with all the house condiments are made in house. Its divine. However, I'd skip the pretzels next time.The fries come out in a mint julep cup which is just adorable. They actually have a slightly sweet taste. Almost like the duck fat brings out the true potato flavor. The ketchup tasted like tomato sauce...they need to ooomph that up a little before LaBan gets in there.The burgers were awesome. I also felt 8 bucks for a burger was quite fair. Its a huge thick burger which next time I'm getting cooked medium rather than medium well. Juicy oh so juicy. The bun which I normally do not eat was scrumptious, made in house as well. We were stuffed and passed up dessert. However we are going back soon and having some pickles, tater tots, cheese puffs and smoresp.s. pass up the cream soda...one passed me and it looked mehkisses for jose
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,10/10/2009,44,81,7,10,6>I'm from Chicago, which is basically infested with Mexican food.  When I moved here I was a nonbeliever in the "Mexican Philadelphia Restaurant."  That is, until I found this beautiful place.  I can't tell you one thing wrong with this place, except maybe that they have too many delicious sauces.Oh do you think they are a little on the expensive side?  Well let me tell you, my friend, you get what you pay for, and if you aren't going to pay for a little more tasty, you've got yourself a terrible problem.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,10/9/2009,161,111,7,7,5>Yummmmm! I feel guilty everytime I step into this place, but after getting their delightful treats, I forget about it right away and indulge in their food! Chocolate is their signature, of course. It actually tastes kind of healthy since there's a lot of dark chocolate. Cupcakes, cheesecakes, smoothies, coffee, hot chocolate... there's like chocolate everything! Even though it's a bit on the pricier end, it never fails to get customers. It's always packed everytime I come here. There aren't many seats available, but I've managed to luck out with some everytime I come. If they turn the whole place into chocolate like Willy Wonka's factory, I'd want to live there :)
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2008,10/7/2009,28,113,5,8,9>Sweet holy moses, how have I not yet yelped Pumpkin??I literally cannot imagine a better restaurant than Pumpkin.  BYOB?  Yes.  Menu is seasonal?  Yes.  Menu changes daily... DAILY, people!  Yes.  Life really does not get any better than this.Oh wait!  Yes it does.  Know how?  Sunday evening $35 tasting menu.  Yes, you read that right.  $35.  Five courses.  $35.  $7 a course.  What kind of courses, you say?  Parsnip soup garnished with a perfectly crisp mushroom and lightly sauteed chantrelles.  Some kind of fish (memory failing...) with grapefruit supremes and fennel.  Arugula salad with apples and a light vinaigrette.  Tilefish with cauliflower puree.  Layered chocolate mousse cake with whipped cream.  Hop on the mailing list and get the ins on other special menus, like the 4-course sparkling-wine taster coming up...I go out to eat to experience something I don't think I can do at home.  I want grilled octopus AND I want it paired with the unexpected chorizo and fingerling potatoes.  I like a seasonal dessert that features fall spices and poached winter pears.  Pumpkin pulls all of this off and more.A lot of the low ratings for this place seem in large part due to the meat-centric nature of the menu.  I agree that any great city restaurant worth its salt should have at least one vegetarian (preferably one that can be made vegan) entree.  However, I wonder if the chef wouldn't be able to accommodate if you asked... the last time we were there for the Sunday night $35 menu, someone at the table across from us asked for something off menu and they seemed happy to oblige.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,8/31/2009,425,275,22,19,15>Maybe I was bored. Maybe it was the fact that its been so hot lately. Maybe it was because it was 7pm and my kids were still in their pajamas. Either way, I insisted that we all go out to get some ice cream at Handels. Ive also been dying to take someone , anyone! , here since I came earlier in the summer. Anytime you have a fantastic culinary experience, its always great to go back, and see if it was a fluke. I'm happy to report that the ice cream was actually better than I remembered it. Handels has ruined me to any other ice cream. Its so refreshing and delicious. You don't get that sticky, thirsty feeling afterwards, that you get from most other ice cream. Yes, lines are long but you need that time to figure out which flavor and style you want...and then change your mind...multiple times...before making a game time decision at the window. Hilarious Dialog from the Ride Home *while passing a local school* son: (pointing out the window) Look! That schools on fire! dad: no, i think its just a flag with a light under it , blowing in the wind. son: (disappointed) When is something exciting going to happen in my life!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,8/30/2009,121,177,5,11,8>What a wonderful place to come for lunch! And the express menu is an absolute steal; I had a food coma to prove this! Nineteen has a beautiful atmosphere and rightfully so atop the Bellevue with a view of the city skyline. Every place to sit is comfortable and clean and ambiance is sophisticated.For the express lunch, you are tempted by a buffet display of appetizers, a set entrée, another display of delicious desserts, and choice of soda or iced tea as well. I ordered the grilled marinated pork as my entrée with gnocchi and then proceeded to the display. There was a cheesy Caesar salad, pasta with sun-dried tomatoes, another salad of greens with feta cheese and Portobello, some cheeses to sample, and curried shrimp. I was also introduced to that delicious little delight of a kumquat. All delicious. The pork was soft and delicious and definitely filled me up by that point. But how could I resist all those desserts? Delectable cheesecake bites, strawberry shortcake, fruit tarts, and cookies! I would only complain that there is a little bit too much cream on some of these desserts, but otherwise, great!At first I thought it was annoying to take the elevator just to go to the bathrooms below just one floor, thinking the elevator would take a long time to come, but they are fast. So don't you worry.Some mishaps: the hostess who greeted us was not very friendly at all. Granted, some of us may not have been dressed to dine here, but mind you, lady, we will be back at some point paying good money to keep you from being unemployed. Everyone else was very friendly.For $19, an absolutely, hands down, solid deal!
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2009,8/29/2009,286,176,15,20,13>holy mackerel - i ate mackerel! er, uh, faux mackerel, that is...but whatever. just saying (writing?) those words sounds so funny to me as someone who not only hasn't eaten meat (yes, fish IS meat) in 20 years, but even when i did, i never ate mackerel. oh, and i also ate scallops, chicken and duck - all faux, of course, but oh how my boyfriend wishes they were the real deal!actually, the bf is the one who suggested we give this restaurant a try (um, over 2 years ago...), and i can honestly say that he enjoyed every bite of our meal as much as i did, even for a meat eater. we decided to dine upstairs in the sit down restaurant which had a lovely ambiance, and opted for a la carte over the buffet. i am tempted to get that next time as i now want to try EVERYTHING on their menu! we started with the chicken satay and the scallops wrapped in bok choy. from the moment the finely designed plates were set upon our table i just *knew* we were in for a treat. when the incredibly affable manager (!) came to retrieve our if-this-wasn't-a-classy-establishment-we-would-­have-licked-them-clean dishes, we couldn't stop gushing about how amazing everything was so far - and we still had our entrées on the way.the bf ordered the grilled mackerel, served with chickpeas and vegetables in an orange walnut sauce, and while i chose the pan-roasted duck with sweet potato and greens in a ginger peanut sauce, we, of course, shared both. consider me WOWed! literally, we were oohing and aahing with every bite, and i'm surprised i didn't end up having a meg ryan moment in the middle of the restaurant. it took a lot of discipline, but we managed to stop ourselves from finishing and save some for leftovers in order that we could sample a few of the vegan desserts we'd heard so much about. the cheesecake? eh, if you're not vegan, don't bother. but the carrot cake? whoa good! highly recommend.not sure why it took me so long to finally give govinda's a try, but since this most amazing experience just a few weeks ago, i have already gotten takeout from govinda's to go, not once, but twice!! the first time i went solo and got myself the golden tofu wrap. i was curious to see how they did tofu after having only sampled faux meats on my first visit. they done good. having raved about it to the [rather jealous] bf, he surprised me the following week with 2 different treats for us to share: the sabji wrap (no protein, just deliciously seasoned veggies, rice & cheese) and a chicken salad sandwich. as far as soy chix salads i have had, this one was unique in that it was a chunkier style, not shredded as it is typically served, tho the wheat roll used was kinda subway grade. while both were quite tasty...we preferred the sabji as it was more flavorful...and in a wrap.at this rate, i'm happily on pace to conquer every item on both the sit down and G2G menus by the end of 2009. gotta make up for lost time!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,8/28/2009,121,161,2,9,6>I just love Tapas. We went here last night for dinner with some friends. We all came hungry, which was good- cause damn is this a lot of food! We ordered the chefs selection at $55 per person. The food kept coming, and although we spent a shitload of money for 4 people to eat, it was well worth it. Some of the best food I have had in awhile. The wine and desert were both also good.Also love the decor. Dark, rich and sensual-- is a very good match for the food.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,8/27/2009,27,47,7,6,7>My second in the Tap Room Series...On a particularly subfreezing, single digit night, my friend Brendan invited me to have drinks at the Memphis taproom in Fishtown. I'm primarily a South and West Philly guy, never really understood the hype of anything north of Spring Garden, but lately I've been trying real hard to expand my geography. I have to start with the bikeride.I bike everyday to and from work and anywhere else in between, regardless of the atmospheric conditions. As a rule, at least for the last 2 years, I don't bike if I'm going to be drinking more than a beer or two. So I head up 5th st, ride through the tunnel, make a right on Girard and instead of turning left on Frankford, I keep going straight until the road splits 3 ways into 95, Richmond Ave, and Aramingo Ave. I choose Richmond and realize I am now on an entrance ramp to a high speed highway. After scaring the sh*t out of myself, I make a left at Ridge, a full 10 blocks north of the bar. After finally figuring out my bearings, I make to the pub and my poor friend Brendan (who also is a Yelper) was all alone, nobody else had shown.I go for the Yards Brawler, and its great. The bartender priced most of the Draught beers at $2 because new stuff was coming the next day. "Boasting superior taste and champion flavor, the Brawler is crafted in the style of English session ales. This malt-forward, ruby colored ale is great for when you want to go a few rounds."That was a little blurb from beersuggest.com, they can describe taste better than I. Thanks guys! You have to get the deep-fried Pickles! The batter is flakey like whole wheat flour, but is buttery like fried chicken! Seriously, its all I ate because you get huge, stiff spears (thats what she said). After that, the rest of the party showed, and I got tipsy on discounted Christmas beers! In conclusion, this place is comfy and has much promise, I must come and have a full meal soon!PS The PBC Xmas beer is not good at all!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,8/26/2009,41,85,6,12,10>While visiting with a friend who was picking up a donation for a charity event (yes, the people at Arbol Cafe are friendly, awesome and generous!) I was reminded of just how cute the cafe is! And more than just a pleasant space for coffee and a meal, they have an extensive selection of yerba mate, as well as the implements one would use to drink it in a more "traditional" style.  They've got a load of jazzy metal straws with the pinched opening to strain the herb from the brew while you sip away, as well as funky Paraguayan cups to hold your stimulating brew.  The best part, though, is their variety of mates that they've imported from South America, which are infused with a variety of other flavors, like lemon, lime, mint, and anise.  So while the savory menu might be a little meat-heavy for a vegetarian, it is still a warm respite with its warm drinks and interesting retail selection. "Authenticity" aside, the folks at Arbol Cafe have excelled in maintaining a warm, welcoming space for the poor, tired, and huddled masses in Northern Liberties.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,8/25/2009,15,58,12,5,9>Chinatown at night is a seedy and wonderful place usually visited in the twilight of judgement. It always feels wet. There's something about a place that always feels wet.... That's not the whole cake though... there's something else, something that can't really fit in it's flesh... the dirty neon windows, the steam, the sense of misgivings coming from every direction.... Its all oddly attractive. Either way, error-to-error, Yakitori boy is definitely the biggest shame-spray disaster of a drunken frenzy to be found amidst the filth that Chinatown offers in its open hands. You jonesin' to hear six-figures Japanese business men spitting out the best of George Thorogood and the Destroyers until your ears vomit? Interested in eating a suspicious melody of skewered chicken organs for a dollar a stick? Think its a well idea to serenade your soon to be lover in a private room with a wretchingly-passionate tribute to George Micheal featuring your personal rendition of Father Figure as the closer? Done. Done. More than Done. Much more than Done.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,8/24/2009,144,305,5,7,7>I love Kung Fu Necktie, so upon hearing the event would be held here, I knew we were in for a treat.Awesome drinks - loved the Leinenkugel's lager, and the infused vodka and whiskey drinks - I probably had far too many of them.  The sampler of dips from the S&K Kebab House reminded me I have to go there - I was a huge fan of the spicy dip.  Yum.  The bartender was quick for as many people who were there - mad props! Great tunes from Billy W, whose stuff I really dig at Robotique nights - which is also at KFN every Friday!Thanks Monica for a great event!  See y'all at APO.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,8/23/2009,76,119,13,15,13>Well, since all of you now know probably about my lifetime battle with Mexican food, I won't have to go into too much depth about how excited I was to find an authentic Mexican spot right around the corner from my new apartment that DOESN'T cause me to rush immediately to the bathroom after eating. Having been to El Jarocho twice in the past week, I can safely say that my stomach was not offended. Hallelujah! Any Mexican place that doesn't make my stomach turn is worthy of being my hundredth review!Not only was their food inoffensive... it was downright delicious. A few nights after we moved in, Hunter and I went here for dinner, since all of our pots and pans and cooking items were still in boxes. We sat down at one of their few tables and the waitress came over to us right away to take our drink order. We were pleased to discover that she didn't speak English very well, which pretty much guaranteed that we were going to be served authentic Mexican food. I ordered the shrimp burrito with a pineapple soda, and Hunter ordered the beef burrito. It took about ten minutes for the waitress to bring them over, during which we enjoyed their amazing homemade chips and array of sauces (salsa, crema, and I believe salsa verde). I probably could have eaten just the chips for dinner... they were that good.Based on my shrimp burrito alone, I probably would have given it four stars. It was good, but not knock-your-sombrero-off delicious. The shrimp were definitely fresh and not canned, though, which was a plus, and the burritos were (excuse the cringe-worthy phrase) as big as your head. When I asked for the check at the end, the server misunderstood me and brought me some iced milk with cinnamon stirred in. I'm still not sure what this drink is called, but I was surprised to find out that it was really good*.We got takeout the next day because we were too tired from unpacking and moving to walk any farther than two blocks. I ordered the chicken burrito this time. WOW! Way better than the shrimp burrito. The tortilla was loaded with tender strips of grilled chicken, lettuce, Oaxacan cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, crema, and onions. It was moist, juicy, and thoroughly enjoyable. Yum.I am so happy that this is my neighborhood Mexican spot. I will be back here time and time again. Bonus points: They deliver! This could get ugly...*According to Meg C., this amazing drink is called horchata.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,8/22/2009,128,137,12,14,16>I thought living a block away from Capogiro was bad news but now I live a block away from Capogiro and Yogorino... that spells sudden death for this glutton. As the ladies behind the counter will tell you, this is not technically frozen yogurt since it's a probiotic yogurt. Pro-yo! (please, don't blame me for that joke). But they apparently use 6 types of probiotics in the yogurt. The flavors were lovely. The workers were helpful and friendly.  Believe it or not, the prices were lower than I was expecting. I am afraid I will be back a little too often.  Word to the wise, don't watch Spaceballs before writing a review of a yogurt shop. After that movie, the word "yogurt" is dead to me forever.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,2/7/2011,164,185,5,7,6>Nice, I get to plug in review #352. This will be totally unique, except for all the other people who have yelped about great brunch experiences here.I have to agree that for brunch in town, this is worth a look. Got there at noon on a Sunday before going to catch the orchestra. Had a reservation for four, just in case, and the staff was plenty friendly, from hostesses to our server, who did a great job start to finish. It was quiet when we got there, but getting more lively by 1:30 when we left. However, our server didn't miss a beat.About the menu: For me, the traditional bloody Mary, fresh (original) guacamole, and carne asada steak and eggs with salsa verde homefries made for a perfect brunch. Peeps around the table also enjoyed their blood orange margaritas, wines and enchiladas. Lots of "mmmms" and no complaints whatsoever. I sampled a mahi mahi taco and thought it was a bit dry, but that's not my dish of choice anyway. I can see why some people bitch about the prices for the regular menu. Upscale Mexican has that effect sometimes. But it's a Starr joint, not a bodega in Frankford, so you know what you're getting into, right?
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,2/6/2011,85,324,4,5,5>I know, I know, it seems like I've been the Yelp Grinch lately. I promise, this is a good review. I went back here after visiting the Fairmount pet shop to pick up a brush for my cats. This time I sat at the bar.  The bartender was very attentive and helpful. I had the Kasteel Rouge last time, but couldn't remember the name. She helped me to figure out what it was and then poured a glass of that delicious beverage for me. I moved on to a wheat beer that wasn't bad, but wasn't above the average either. I ended up with a coffee oatmeal stout that was delicious. If I'd had that first or second, I probably would have had at least two more.Since drinking on an empty stomach isn't good, I ordered the Bruegel(sp?) burger and a separate order of fries. The fries were tasty and plentiful and the dipping sauce was as mouthwateringly good as last time. The burger was actually pretty good and cooked medium. So many places flail on that simple request. The bacon was crispy, yet not burnt and the cheddar was pretty good. The sauteed onions they put on my burger was also tasty.I sauntered out after a leisurely time eating and drinking. Yeah, this is what a day off is about. The only thing that would have made it better is if I"d run into the fabulous Felicia D.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,2/5/2011,110,111,21,37,29>I am extremely relieved -- but not surprised -- to come to this page and see such glowing praise for Ryan and his business, Vandele Design. He is truly worth every bit of it and more.I first met him in 2008. We just moved into the city and decided to get our condo painted. He was highly recommended by a friend of mine whose house he also painted. When we met him, we were so happy with his ideas, enthusiasm, and courteous nature that we could not wait to have him take on this project for us.He did an outstanding job, transforming our drab third-floor walkup into a gorgeous space that we were finally excited to call our own. Last year, after we moved into our new home, we asked him to come back to paint our first floor. Once again, we were elated by the job he did.Ryan stands out from any contractor I have ever used before. He is passionate about his work and is a perfectionist who will go above and beyond the scope of a project to make you happy and do the job right. He also possesses a rare quality in that he can form instant chemistry with anyone and makes you feel like you've known him your whole life.If you ever find yourself in a position where you need to hire a painter, there is nobody I would recommend more than Vandele Design. Your project will be completed with careful precision, within your budget, and your happiness will remain a top priority.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,2/4/2011,250,550,13,11,14>Mike Birbiglia (birbigs.com) has this one joke about how, when he was a teenager, his dream was to grow up to be either a comedian or the owner of a pizza shop where kids can hang out.  For me, what makes that joke so funny is its universality--I think everyone had some version of that dream when they were younger, whether it was the pizza place, comic shop, record store or whatever.  Well, the owners of High Scores actually followed through on their childhood dreams and opened an arcade.  Seriously.Stroll on in and its some serious yesteryear fantasia happening.  Not only will you find two dozen classic arcade games, they've got the 80s soundtrack and laser lights going too.  Its like stepping inside a time machine and my immediate urge was to call my mom and see what time she was picking me up, before I remembered I'm a grown ass man and I drove myself here.  Due to its status as an arcade "museum," High Scores' games skew towards the heyday of gaming.  I was born in 1984, so most of the games were a little before my time, but I definitely put in some work at the Neo-Geo cabinet, from which you can access 100+ games.  I can not even begin to explain the delight teenage me would have taken at having access to so many obscure Japanese fighters, like Garou: Mark of the Wolves or any of the other Capcom/SNK stuff that you couldn't get in the states unless you wanted to spend mad ducats.  Of course, they've also got Ms. Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Tron, etc. I was making it rain on the change machine all night.I think the next move is to have my birthday party at High Scores.  Only the cool kids are invited.  I'm gonna call Carvel right now to reserve my Fudgie the Whale ice cream cake...
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,2/3/2011,224,312,10,8,7>This review is only for the drinks/bar because although I've had the food, I've only had it intoxicated.  *funny*  This is a favorite spot for everyone in class to go after finals or midterms, occasionally professors will join us.  *cool*  The staff is always on top of things and even though we get loud they always seem to find some nook or cranny to put us in so the 20 or so 20-somethings aren't making enemies.  Always order the flight of tequila shots instead of individual shots. It's much cheaper.  *useful*   The one time I did legitimately try the food I had leftovers, they were most excellent even the next day.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,2/2/2011,182,117,5,6,7>Disclaimer: I have never been here, other than for soccer screenings.If Soccer is a religion then  Fado's is my temple to practice my religion. I have lost count on the number of Saturday and Sunday mornings that I have spent at this place, maybe being cheered for or being cussed at.  I even remember the first time I called them to confirm if they are open for the early 7AM games and I got ridiculed at for doubting their resolve. Other than the English premier league games, and the union games, they also sport Rugby screenings, the Scottish league games on the different nooks and cranny of the bar. And due to it's layout, most supporters get divided to maintain harmony during the games. They have one jumbo projector in the main bar area for the marquee games of the day, that's where all the action is. The folks that hang around are a mix of locals and expats all gathered to support their favorite teams, most of them regulars, so u kind of get to share stories or maybe even learn some chants to get u riled up.Fado's popularity has grown leaps and bounds now that it is the official Philadelphia Union club, with even Fan buses to and fro to the new swanky stadium. The service here is impressive considering the fact that it can get really wild during the games. Molly, Shane,Marie, Jamie and the rest of the gang ensure that even though u might choke from the excitement or horror of the games, u can rest assured that there is a pint of your favorite beverage beside u. Even during the World cup with hardly place to move a limb my drinks always found a way to me, it is miraculous. Talking bout the world cup, tip of the hat for the Bloc party that simply rocked.I have never ordered the food per say but I am in love with the fries and the curried ketchup to go along with it. They also have a couple of ciders, strongbow on draft and bottled magners, if u are not feeling the mood for a crisp Guinness at 7 in the morning. I hear they have DJ nights on the weekends and it does get pretty wild. All in all there is no other place I would rather be on the early hours of the weekend, sipping on my favorite libation and sharing the joy of football.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,2/1/2011,136,204,15,7,10>In my heart of hearts, I am a day drinker. Or maybe just an alcoholic. Probably just an alcoholic.I'll get the obvious out of the way:Favorites:- Coconut gelato- Avocado-lime gelato- Lime sorbettoNow for the secret Konami code that really puts this place in high gear for me:Dear Capogiro,I love your full bar. I love that gelato is an option, and not a requirement. I love that you are situated right on Walnut, where I can watch all the undergrads stroll by on my lunch break, and judge the sh*t out of them - Cornell-4-lyfe.Most of all, I love that you were one of the spurs of life that came into U-City, a place that I'd left 7 years ago, and returned to 2 years ago, to find that people cared about the neighborhood again.You're way better than the old crappy movie theater that used to be where you are. Anyone remember that place? Back in... 1998? Damn, UCity has come a long way.Your fan,VichetPro-tip: They have two taps, and are frequently rotating them, in addition to numerous bottles and cans. They have a respectable wine list for an establishment of their size. Grab a drink, and go outside to enjoy what has become a pleasant view of the west end of Penn's campus.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/31/2011,265,174,4,6,3>When it comes to Chinese restaurants, it's no secret that they are often lacking in the name department.  They usually contain words like "Lucky" and "Happy" and "King," or they just describe the restaurant in the most obvious way possible, like "Chinese Restaurant" or this place, "Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle." Anyway, this place is bonkers good. BONKERS! The noodles are always perfectly cooked, springy and slightly chewy, and the soup is delicioso. I always get the beef stew noodle soup and Grace always gets the ja jang mien (#14).  You can get the noodles shaved or hand drawn, in my opinion you gotta go with hand drawn every time.  Oh yeah and you can get the ja jang mien with a fried egg on top which looks amazing as well.  Definitely gonna try that next time.  Peace, noodles, happiness.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,1/30/2011,527,295,2,6,8>Keepin' it localCan't decide on a spot? Grace.Never overrunGrace is where I go when I don't feel at all adventurous (read: don't want to go anywhere new) but don't want to leave anything to chance. It's a few blocks away from my place, and it's the de-facto choice when it's 10pm and I don't want to 'go out' for the evening but still want to grab a beer.It's definitely a neighborhood bar, and it's never really crowded no matter when you're there. The kitchen's open late, and you'll pretty much always find a seat. If there's an Eagles or Phillies game on people come out, but mostly it's just a group of regulars and folks who've ventured outside of Center City. The staff is generally friendly, and most of the time you'll catch at least one staff person who's not working chilling on a stool at the bar anyway.While they're mostly great, if you're rude to them, expect some pretty harsh retribution. They don't take kindly to people ruining the generally casual atmosphere, and if you're in the mind to be a moron, they definitely make an example out of you.On the menu tip, all of the burger options are delicious. They really do them up right, perfectly medium-rare for me, and will put whatever you want on them. They're not so huge as to induce a food coma, which thankfully leaves more room for beer. If you're looking for the best burger on the menu, go with the Kellys or South St. Burger. The Kellys has bacon and cheddar, and the South St. has sauteed onions and bleu cheese. They're both pretty stellar.They also have a sausage sandwich menu, as well as some salads. Overall the menu isn't in any way extensive, but perfectly satisfying for the neighborhood and my expectations of the place.If you're looking for something to share, grab a large order of the blackened green beans. I always get them with the burger instead of fries, they're that good.They always have some great beer options, including at least one sour. I believe they have 9 taps, and a selection of bottles as well. They try to keep it pretty mixed (IPA's, whites, stouts, pilsners etc.), so it's definitely a good place for both picky and adventurous beer drinkers.The only real detraction for Grace is that there's only one television. I would love to see a screen somewhere in the back by the tables. Standing in the main bar area to watch a game can get tedious when there's no stools available, and you can't see the TV from the back tables.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,1/29/2011,350,249,7,8,6>I've never sat down and eaten a meal in the actual restaurant so this review is based solely on the food, the price, and the kind of treatment I've received from my annoying questions over the telephone. (Which was very pleasant and helpful actually.)First and foremost, I've been to two back to back parties where this was the chosen catered food. I didn't think too much of it last year, I knew it was good.This year, I couldn't help myself from having 3rds, 4ths and maybe even 5ths of their delicious pulled pork and some cole slaw.When it came to hosting a party of my own, my girlfriend and I opted to spend about $100 on pounds of food for 10-15 people.3lbs of pulled pork3lbs of pulled chicken2qts of mac & cheese1qt of baked beansThe price is phenomenal considering the true cost is a lot better than having spent an entire day slow cooking the meat to perfection, which is how it's presented. It's a lot better than spending all the time perfecting a sweet and savory BBQ sauce. They've already done all the work, and beautifully at that. Our food was still hot even though I showed up late to pick it up, and it was packaged brilliantly well. I had no fears just plopping it onto my backseat and after about a 40min drive to S. Jersey, it was superbly intact.The most surprising part was their phenomenal mac & cheese. I expected good but not something that's most definitely a contender for the best mac & cheese I've ever had.I prefer the pulled pork over the pulled chicken but we ran out of most of the pork... so now it's past midnight after our evening party and I'm still picking away at cold, yet still amazingly delicious pieces of chicken.I'm a night owl, sure. However, I was just laying in bed recalling the nice little party we had and I couldn't stop thinking about the food. My mouth started watering.So, I got up to pick at the leftovers...And... I also picked up my laptop, opened it up... and here we are......now, back to more chicken.I'm just so sad that all 2qts of the mac & cheese are gone.Final thoughts: it's a bit out of the way but I definitely intend to sit down for one of their Monday night all-you-can-eat-buffet. That might have be... tomorrow evening.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/18/2014,17,153,1,10,8>This has become my new favorite for pizza. Everything about this pizza is awesome. The crust is light and crispy. The sauce is perfectly seasoned and they put just the right amount of cheese or toppings. The staff is friendly and happy. They play good music. It's byob too. The raspberry lemonade w fruit is so addicting too. We got the house salad too. The dressing is great. Def will keep going to this spot.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/17/2014,361,266,13,12,10>It's Thursday. You're itching for a drink, but you're also kind of hungry because that sad salad you ate by your desk might as well have been last week. You want to go out but you also feel like you should be "saving" because you accidentally went on a shopping spree yesterday and feel like you should be "responsible."DiBrunos has the answer. IT'S CHEESE HAPPY HOUR! And it's glorious. $0 gets you: cheese, random cured meats (spicy pepperoni, anyone?), various assorted other snacks, friendly knowledgeable cheese mongers and charcuterie people (although with these servers they should start calling it the charCUTErie counter amirite?), and heavy handed beer reps that won't judge you for wanting to try another sample... Of the same beer. (This week was Victory beer, but offerings vary).PRO TIP: I know you're here for the free stuff, but if you spend some amount, there might be more free stuff! We bought some pepperoni and were rewarded with a delicious bottle of raspberry vinegar that goes for $15 a bottle.You know where to find me on Thursdays from 5 to 7. I'll be the one trying to beat this week's record of how many pieces of cheese I can skewer on one toothpick.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,9/16/2014,120,179,5,6,6>This place is looks and feels like you're walking into the world of The Hobbit! My friends got ribs (which were AMAZING) and the other got a fish sandwich, he ate it within minutes. Me? Oh my friends, I got some kind of sandwich was alright but the pot of gold of Mac and Cheese is the thing to behold! My precious...the mac and cheese was so just gooey and the top layer was bread crumbs. Served into a hot pot, it stayed warm and gooey the entire time! This place seems perfect for whole, hearty, BBQ and comfort food.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,9/15/2014,146,222,2,7,6>Hai street is hot stuff!On an evening visit we had fortunate timing.  There was no line when we ordered, but by the time we were halfway through our rolls the line was backed up to the door. My beau and I each ordered a roll, he opted to "go zilla" for additional protein leaving us both satisfied with our meals.  Like Christine B. mentioned, the hand rolls are messy. Just picture trying to eat a burrito that wasn't tucked in at the ends and you'll get an idea of how messy it can get. Regardless, it was a delicious mess! My portobello mushrooms with spicy gochujan sauce, asparagus, carrots, cucumbers, and cabbage brown rice roll hit the spot. Everything was fresh and well seasoned.This healthy no-msg meal cost us $20, including a box o' water & chips with wasabi guac. Will be back to try both rice and salad bowls. For those who haven't been, it's definitely more of a takeout place, with some counters but no chairs.Special thanks to the friendly guy behind the counter who complimented my Peter Pilotto dress & hooked us up with a delicious dinner.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/14/2014,30,172,2,5,6>Was tipped off about this place recently, that they made an awesome 2 foot hoagie. Last time I was here years ago it was A&M cold cuts, combination lunch meat deli and convenience store. While the prices there were good, the quality was suspect. That was then, this is now. New owners, totally remodeled, and the convenience store is gone. Now there is a dining area with tables, booths and flat screen TVs. The menu is extensive, including hoagies, steaks, wraps, specialty sandwiches, wings, appetizers, and pizza. Prices are decent, similar to other sandwich joints in the area like the Sicilian Deli, and a little better than Pat'sWe got a 2 foot Sharp Italian hoagie on a seeded Liscio roll to go for 18.95. It was very good. Everything was fresh and they did not skimp on the meat. It was our lunch AND dinner.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/13/2014,82,86,8,9,7>I like to come in here and just look at the dusty cardboard boxes and plastic sheets and dig for treasure. Alternatively, if I have something in mind and am in the area I always check this place. I prefer it to Asia Supermarket which also has a selection of home and kitchen goods, though Asia's inventory pales in comparison. I got my noodle soup bowls here. I think they were $3 a piece. Total steal! Huge, sturdy bowls perfect for a noodle hound!I bought some black ceramic soup spoons. So far I chipped one and threw it away. They were $1 a piece, hey, I took a chance. I bought a 9' cake pan here, nothing fancy (bottom doesn't pop out, have no ridged design etc), but it was only $4.50, and exactly what I wanted. Most recently I also grabbed some bamboo sticks, and they carried the sturdy, thick ones with the flattened tip used for a handle. It was way better than the flimsy skinny kind most places carry, and it was only $2.25.Then the most amazing thing happened, as I was checking out, some guy comes in from across the street with a box of 8 packs of strawberries. And the guys behind the counter was telling him that it was too much. And the guy just shrugged them off and left. So they were like hey do you want some strawberries. And I was like no thank you. And they were like come on! take a box! and I was like really? And they were like Yea! It's too much! And if we don't finish, that's wasteful! So I gleefully took a pack of strawberries home. And you know what? I'm going to make some popsicles. I have plans. Man I should've checked if they sold popsicle molds before buying it on Amazon. Also I can't believe that's how mold is spelled, there's no way to distinguish a fun craft object from undesirable fungal growth except by context?
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/12/2014,44,105,2,6,5>My husband and I had a great experience at Coastal Blue for dinner this past Friday evening.We arrived a bit after 8 and were quite hungry after driving to the shore that evening right from work (We walked up from the beach, we were staying at another hotel).The atmosphere was classy and very relaxed. We both ordered drinks and they came out in a timely manner. I would absolutely recommend the Mojito. The drink was very tasty and you could tell the mint was fresh.They brought out bread served with mango butter that was very good.We both ordered the Fish Tacos and they did not disappoint. Fish was fresh, avocado ripe, and the sauce was unique and delicious! We also enjoyed the authentic corn tortillas that many restaurants neglect to serve.We were happy with our experience but the customer service we received on our way out was beyond anything I have ever experienced...We were given a private tour of the hotel and a room. The hospitality we were shown was unmatched and my husband and I are already talking about coming here for a getaway!Thank you to the staff for a lovely evening. I left feeling full, relaxed and happy!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/11/2014,189,352,10,11,13>YOU MUST COME HERE.Caps Lock left on deliberately, people. Every time I come here I find the food just delightfully delicious and the service prompt and friendly. This restaurant has things that I love: lots of interesting flavorful vegetarian options as well as mouth-watering options for the meat eaters in the group. Everyone can find something that they enjoy. The ambiance is dark and intimate with many private rooms to hold functions.Do yourself a favor and get the Taste of Zahav where you order 2 small plates and one "entree." The salt-baked kohlrabi is delicious as is the cauliflower and haloumi. And the lamb will blow your mind away. It comes with tongs. No knives. I was like ??? then I realized it was sooooo tender no knife needed.... Mouth agape. Shovel food in happily!I'm so upset right now because I can't even be funny in this review because the food is just so seriously excellent.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/10/2014,16,73,1,13,6>Obsessed. I have never had my eyebrows done (I am a pluck junky) but after being on vacation I came home to realize I had a lot of brow! So I decided to stop in here ... boy was I glad I did. First off, the women here are so sweet. She was quick (about 20 mins total) and got all the hairs rather quickly and painlessly. She created a nice shape (worked with what I already had going on) and I look ever so slightly BETTER without being able to tell exactly what I did. I have SUPER sensitive skin, I was beet red for about an hour.. within 4 hours I was 100% normal looking. I LOVE THE RESULTS. My fiance came home and said "you look pretty, you do something different?" She also trimmed the hairs and put on toner. It looks so good. $11 for that is WELL worth it. Walk in mid day had no wait, not sure about the weekends or after work. To find: after you pass Rittenhouse Square, look on the right for a green awning with 2017 on it.... best way to find it. If you get to the bank of america ATM you've gone too far.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/9/2014,212,160,11,9,10>I have never had tortillas like the ones I get here. They are perfect. What's more, they're dirt cheap. I swear they're like $0.04 for a thousand. They're seriously beautiful. Soft, pliable, and never get crumbly--they may actually be magic.The only problem is that they tend to sell out quickly certain days. So come early. Then throw the taco party to end all taco parties.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,8/21/2008,19,45,4,7,6>It has an awkward name like Los Angles Angles of Anahiem or Oriole Park at Camden Yards. But most just call it the Pope or the Pub. Whatever you end up calling it, you will find this British Isle hybrid style bar has some the best ambiance in the city. So let us count the ways:-Much better than average bar food, I had a grilled ham and fancypants cheese sandwich with a slice of apple tucked in there for good measure. It was yummy, and even better with the salt and vinegar french fries. -One of the best juke boxes in South Philly bar none. -A bartender who know's his beer.Enjoy, then compare to Royal.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,8/20/2008,25,130,5,7,4>mmm. Indian food. Mouth watering right now. Do they sprinkle crack in the channa masala? Maybe it's the ghee.New Dehli is the 'classy' buffet of West Philly. The quality of food is great. The service is pretty gosh darn good. You get a choice of desserts (horray for barfi!)they did raise thier prices after they reopened but the place really is nice inside now. it was a tad skeevy before.my one and only issue. NO DELIVERY TO 47TH?? But they deliver to Fairmount?? huh?oh well, just forces me to get off the couch and make my way down there.*students get 10% off, so it makes it a lil cheaper*************edit***********Got an email from them telling me they now deliver to 48th! Whoo hoo!
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,8/19/2008,21,68,2,7,8>high expectations were met! we dined at zahav last night and i still feel that warmth in my belly. to start with the atmosphere is great, a big airy high ceilinged dining room with a visible wood fire and a kitchen with a bar of seats in front of it, seperated only by a nice sheet of glass, very cool. now the food, we ordered the turkish hummus, all the hummus comes with awesome fresh hot laffa.  balkan style mackeral,chopped liver,raw kibbe naya, crispy haloumi, crispy moroccan cigars ( these were so good) , fried cauliflower, jerusalem grill, and the sabra which is young chicken with sumac onions over the softest cous cous ive ever had. we ended the meal with turkish coffee. there is also a nice beer selection (small but good ) and a really cool cocktail menu. they could get famous just for the hot bread and hummus but thankfully thats not the only thing on the menu. i would go back today!  if it stays this good, which i think it will, i'll be a regular.p.s. i didnt mention that this is probably the single best tasting chicken i have ever had. seriously, i gave it alot of thought.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2008,8/18/2008,31,33,24,21,16>Every girl dreams of the first bicycle incident that will land her in the ER; mine was downright lackluster.  A tiny speckle of asphalt penetrated the fortress of my helmet and sunglasses on my way to work this morning, and I didn't think much of it until that tiny speck wouldn't budge over minutes and minutes of flushing and poking.  Maternal instincts kicked in all over the office, and my boss rushed me over to the ER at the Lankenau Hospital.  One look at that name and I knew things could go one of two ways:  Lanken-aw or Lanken-ow!  I seemed to be the first emergency of the 9-5 day, and they knew everything they needed to know about me by 9:30.  By 10 I'd passed a vision test with flying colors, and shortly thereafter the handsome Dr. David Patchefsky came to my rescue.  He spotted the little intruder right away, numbed me with some drops, and swabbed away until it dislodged itself from my gaze.  I have a tiny cornea scratch, so Dr. Dave hooked me up with some antibiotic drops and a sweet dose of tetanus - 'cause hey, you don't know where that road's been.  He also insisted I come back in a week to see their opthamologist and ensure my lasting visual health.  Maybe it's because he wants my money, but I'd rather believe it's because he cares.  The whole ordeal was over in under 2 hours, and it was pretty glamorous as far as hospital visits go; clean, attractive, and everybody I had dealings with was extra friendly.  Aw, Lanken-aw.  Next best thing if Mom can't fix it.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,8/17/2008,6,8,11,6,10>Ever wonder what it would be like to eat pizza on the set of a '70s porno flick?  At Lorenzo's, you can make that happen.The best part about this place is not the pizza, but the mirrored "dining room" in the back.  Granted it's constantly littered with gnawed pizza crusts and used napkins, you can watch yourself munch from every, juicy angle.  Very sexy!The employees, too, epitomize the true spirit of Philadelphia.  Want toppings on your slice?  Tough shit.  Trying to get a quick bite before you step out the door?  Get outta here!  This place has so much bittersweet character, how could you not love 'em?
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2008,8/16/2008,14,22,32,6,7>INSIDER TRADING TIP: the reason i will continue to patron the last drop is simple: their ice has real gold and diamonds in it. their ice is so valuable, you should devote 10% of every paycheck you get to invest in the ice at last drop. i know this, because a regular large coffee is $1.85. and a large ICED coffee is $2.65.and with that kind of mark-up, you know that ice is made of something reeeaaaal special.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,8/15/2008,50,75,7,4,4>oh boy. i picked eulogy for my birthday spot this year, and it was a great decision. it may be weird that i picked this particular bar, known for it's beer and ale and crap selection, because everyone knows i hate beer, right? BUT. they have kasteel rouge, which is the first beer ever in my life that i have enjoyed and actively sought out. we got there first and each had a drink, and we split an order of fries. or frites. whatever, i'm not belgian. i also got the roasted pear salad, which didn't taste quite as good coming back up...but that's a different story. the waiter dude was awesome and efficient, and kept our group of around 20 people happy and with drink in hand...we were there for hours and everyone had a great time. highly, highly recommended.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,8/14/2008,828,1172,1,16,8>Since I'm living in West Philly I never thought I would ever consider making the effort to hop on the trolley for another Ethiopian Restaurant. after all I'm living in Philly's mecca of Ethiopian food! But I stopped in Almaz to give their Hot Chocolate a try, and I might just be tempted to become a turncoat. I made note of it's inexpensive food options, and it's superior coffee varieties. And If I didn't stop in for brunch at a spot earlier I would have definitely stuck around longer to try them out. But the service here was unbelievable. the people who worked there really had a lasting knowledge of who a lot of their customers were (Soon I will be among them). and made a point to keep anyone satisfied even if they were just stopping in for a cup of coffee on the go. The hot chocolate was amazing. It might just be the best I've had in Philly (need to hit up Cafe Pier One again just to double check).so to recap amazing service, inexpensive Ethiopian food, and incredible coffee options. throw in the free Wi-Fi, and sweet looking balcony spot that they have going and I'm sold!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,8/13/2008,1556,472,30,13,15>Last night Kim P, the boys and I had front row seats to see Flight of the Concords at The Tower. Did you hear that, Philly? We were so close that I could see every drop of sweat glistening on Jemaine's forehead and hear every beat of Bret's warm, warm heart. In fact, I have concocted a fantasy about last night that goes a little something like this:Jemaine is tuning his guitar. He drops his pick, which lands about 3 feet directly ahead of me on stage. The bespectacled one reaches down to retrieve it and our eyes lock. He is hypnotized by my purple hair and mysterious colorful arms. "Is it a patterned shirt?" he thinks to himself. "Or is she one of those Philly hipsters I've been hearing so much about?" We exchange shy glances (my dude, who is sitting inches away from me, is fine with this because if Rosario Dawson ever swings into town, he's got my permission to go for it) and Jemaine continues with the show. He sings "Business Time," which is everyone's favorite, but we both know he's singing it to me. But I play coy. During "Albi" I laugh politely, and I rock out accordingly to "Hiphopopotumus," but I'm no easy target. Jemaine is going to have to work a lot harder to woo me with his disheveled hair and thrift store clothes...perhaps with something involving scented massage oils and a snugglefest featuring seasons one through three of The L Word...Uhhh, anyway, Tower Theater, good. Old and pretty. Decent beer and you can take it inside with you. Bathrooms are kinda creepy. Crappy neighborhood and expensive parking garage, but whateves. This review, apparently, is less about that jazz and all about the love that was never meant to be between a lady and a Kiwi who is now touring the world, breaking hearts at a medium-capacity theater near you.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2008,8/11/2008,72,281,,5,5>I've seen so many great performances here that I can't bring myself to give them a bad score, despite the heat and the all ages shows (I feel bad, I know teens want to see bands, too, but they kinda ruin it for me, the sheer presence of them). Off the top of my head, I've seen OOIOO, Mirah, The Pipettes, Melt-Banana, Metric. As long as they continue to book the right bands, I'll be going here.They sell no drinks but there are markets in the area and when you get your hand stamped, you are free to go in and out (a huge plus, I hate not being able to leave and come back). There is an area for CD sales and the merch tables are always in the back.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/10/2014,66,279,5,19,10>My husband and I were looking for a place to have BBQ for the anniversary of our first date (on the first anniversary of our first date we had BBQ, so we're keeping the tradition alive).  We were thinking about going to city, but were happy to find Zachary's in the suburbs and to see such positive reviews about it.  Overall, we concur -- the food and service were both very good.The atmosphere is very casual -- in fact, during our time there several people were in and out for takeout.  We waited quite a while for our food, but I chalk it up to good things taking time.  The staff was very friendly and attentive when we were ordering and happy to answer all of the questions we had.  When the food was brought out to us everything was hot and well presented on the plate.  I had the pork and my husband had brisket.  While we enjoyed both, we agreed that the pork was our favorite overall.  Also the mac and cheese -- soo good!  Zachary's also smells really good -- they have a stack of hickory wood by the door and I suspect the smell wafting through the air was related to using that wood in the BBQ process.   A final note on the portion sizes -- when the food came out I thought, "Hmm, that doesn't look like very much ..." but by the end I couldn't even finish all of it.  Turns out it was the perfect amount and my eyes are just bigger than my stomach.  The value for the price is excellent!I definitely recommend Zachary's -- it will be our go to for our first date-iversary dinners and most likely plenty of others in between!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/9/2014,77,86,4,8,7>What an amazing discovery!  I have driven past Manakeesh probably about once a week for the past year, always wondering what it was like and mentioning how I wanted to try it out.  This past week, I finally made my way over, and thank god I did!  (I have been there twice since :) )Manakeesh is a cozy little cafe-like bakery making FRESH from scratch Lebanese baked goods and foods.  They serve Turkish Coffee and other espresso/coffee/tea drinks too.  The menu includes some appetizers, Lebanese flat breads and wraps, and a few platters.  In addition to the main cafe room at Manakeesh, there is a connecting small Middle-Eastern grocery shop with a full smoothie & crepe bar.  OMG.The first time I was at Manakeesh, I ordered the Turkish Coffee.  It is very strong coffee with Cardamom.  It was served piping hot and was delicious.  I also got a to-go order of the Tabbouleh.  The small is pretty big and was less than $4.  It was full of fresh bright green parsley, amazing.I had to come back to Manakeesh with my fiance- Middle Eastern food is one of his favorites so it was only right to bring him back and get the full experience.  We ordered the Za'tar Flatbread (with veggies: cucumber, tomato, onion, olives) and we each got a platter- he picked the Chicken Schwarma and I got the Beef Schwarma.  The platters each came with hummus, salad, fresh pita bread, and the meat was served over a very large bed of rice.  We could have just ordered one- it was a ton of food.  The Za'tar flatbread was outstanding.  I highly recommend trying it, especially if you haven't heard of Za'tar yet.  Get it with or without the veggies- I'm sure both ways are fantastic.  Everything here is cooked in an open-flame oven which gives the bread an amazing smoky flavor.  The platters were also seriously awesome.  The meat was super flavorful and very tender.  I don't typically like to fill up on rice, but this rice was delicious and worth it.  The hummus was a bit oily for what I prefer but of course it tasted amazing.  I also enjoyed the salad, it was light but had some fresh pita chips sprinkled over top which was a nice touch.  The pita unfortunately came out about 4 minutes after our platters, so I took mine home since it was so big anyway.  It made for a perfect late-night snack that night- still probably the best pita bread I've had outside of Israel.  This place is legit.  It's the real deal.  Highly recommend.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/8/2014,358,257,2,11,6>Ever since a high school Spanish trip to this restaurant (7 years ago) I've been hooked! Los Catrinas Tequilas is a wonderful upscale Mexican restaurant with specialties beyond nachos and fajitas. Ask your server about the many special drinks and food not shown on the menu. The skinny margarita and homemade guacamole (served in a lava bowl) are 2 of my favorites. Empanadas are offered with varied fillings, always including an option for vegetarians. Ceviche also varies daily. Every table is also served with homemade tortilla chips, pico de gallo, a smoky chipotle salsa, and pickled jalapeños and carrots. For your main course I would recommend the enchiladas de playas- filled with shrimp, crabmeat, and lobster, or molejacte de pollo- grilled chicken served in a smoky sauce in a heated lava bowl!!Then flan for dessert of course :)
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,3/7/2014,34,74,8,9,6>This wine and spirits is like the holy grail of all state stores. Seriously.If you'd ever been to the old stuffy location on 19th Chestnut you'd understand my excitement. The layout actually reminds a bit of the location in Northern Libs, although it's a bit more spacious. I like this location not only due to accessibility, but the fact that it's open til 10pm everyday but Sunday. Previously I had to travel to the Ardmore location if I was looking for a store open past 9pm.The store itself is very easy to navigate, all the signs are clearly displayed and there's a large selection of both wine and spirits (go figure!) The harder liquor is located on your right when you come in and the generally wines/champagnes on the left. Wines were separated by color than type but it's worth noting that sweet/dessert wines have their own section despite color. There's also a fridge in the back where they keep (I'm assuming) several popular items that are chilled and ready for consumption. The biggest difference here is anytime I've come in there are roaming associates that are actually very friendly and willing to help you with recommendations or selections. I've taken a few wine recs and they've all been excellent. Even though the state store is a kind of in/out type of establishment I like that there is knowledgeable help around should you need it.For now, this is my go to state store. The line moves very quickly and I like that it's near Trader Joe's so I can typically do a 2 stop trip and I'm home ready for dinner. Like most stores they offer free tastings/events (fliers are usually posted on door, checkout desk or on the chalkboard near checkout) so keep an eye out for that if interested. I'm so happy that a Friday night visit doesn't result in standing in some ridiculously   long line that wraps through the aisle with that lady behind you rolling her eyes and huffing and puffing about long the line is on the phone and looking generally exasperated.The shocker?That lady above was me. Since I started coming here I don't have to be that person anymore and it feels great.Thank you liquor gods. Thank you.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/6/2014,339,909,5,16,10>It must be something in the magical late afternoon winter light that pours through the windows of Morgan's Island Grill, but the ambiance generated by the angle of the sun, and the aroma of Jerk Spices emanating from the open kitchen make the experience of dining here intoxicating.  Of course, the bottle of Italian Red standing nearly empty on the table may have something to do with that.  Regardless, I had a great afternoon at Morgan's.  The Chef, himself, greets everyone entering his establishment.  He is warm and infectiously engaging.  He is confident that he is the kitchen magician who will turn your day into something remarkable.  He knows that his potions and portions can cast a spell that leave you on a beach in Negril sipping rum and blowing smoke rings.  Everyone begins with a complementary cup of soup.  Today it was Chicken Soup, but with a pleasant yellow curry flavor, chunks of chicken and veggies.  The lunch menu offers smaller servings than dinner, but unless you have a huge appetite, the lesser plating is more than enough to get you past dinner.  Today, I ordered the Jerked Chicken.  It came with four thighs rubbed, basted, and roasted in a Jerk Spice glaze.  The dark meat came off the bone without struggle, and tickled the tongue.  Along side were a Rice and Black Bean mix, Cabbage turned pale orange by its overnight engagement with thin Sliced Carrots that transferred their sweetness as well as color.  I never realized cabbage had such a nice chameleon character.  The razor-thin lightly fried Plantain gently offset the stronger elements of the dish, while the fresh Corn Bread pliantly absorbed the juices of the Chicken while offering up its own uniquely sweet secrets. A full and colorful plate, it was delicious.  Flavors, colors, textures, undertones, all working together in harmony.  My friend tried the Curry Chicken with Yellow Rice. The sides were the same as above.  The Curry was different than I expected.  Rather than a heavy retort a la South Asian cuisine, this was more mild and nuanced, while reminiscent of a Thai curry without being obsequious. The sauce absorbed into the rice, giving the grain a wonderful baritone note.  All the while, Chef Morgan walked around to see how everything was going; placing his hand on my shoulder as he spoke so as to make me feel even more at home.   We sat around for a while after finishing, pouring another quarter glass to extend our savoring of the afternoon's indulgence.  This was a wonderful completely satisfying meal in the broadest sense.  Beyond the excellent food, it was totally life affirming.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/5/2014,62,169,9,13,9>So last night, we pour ourselves in a cab, and my companion directs the driver to David's Mai Lai Wah. Admittedly, it was difficult to focus on anything at that point, but three wise words from the driver wedged themselves into my exhausted, boozy brain: duck lo mein. We arrived at David's and I excitedly scanned the menu - no duck lo mein in sight. Disheartened, I decided it wouldn't hurt to at least ask. The reaction from the waiter was the best reaction I have ever received upon ordering food, a combination of wonder and excitement and deep approval. Apparently, that cab driver is the only person who ever orders duck lo mein, and I am honored that he found my companion and I worthy recipients of his secret. So now, dear Yelpers, I pass on the secret to you - duck lo mein. It is exquisite, delicious, filling - juicy, succulent duck with slightly crispy skin, perfectly seasoned, and the noodles - oh, the noodles!The portions are large and the price is small, so you'll have lunch the next day. I'll say it one more time, in case you missed it: duck lo mein.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2014,3/4/2014,393,710,9,12,7>Smoke, cheap beer and a pretty solid juke box.I don't think I've ever started a night here.  I've ended a few though.  The proof is in the way your clothes smell the next morning.  You leave, marked and everyone in your home (including your cats) know that you went to Locust Bar.Why do I return?  Usually, I'm with a group of people and someone puts out the call for pitchers.  At this point in the night I'm not ready to go home and I feel like a few more pints before retiring to my bed.  With the right group, this can be a very good place to hang out and BS.Will I be back?  I'm sure I will eventually but I'll never make plans to come here.  That would take away all the fun.  I'll just have to remember to hang my clothes outside when I get home.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,3/3/2014,308,271,9,12,8>I think I'm in love.There's a dirty little secret in the takeout world: vegetables come fried or not at all (with the exception of Asian takeout, which my better half can only stand occasionally and I could eat every meal of every day). Living in South Philly, one can only order Italian takeout so many times per week without contracting scurvy because the closest thing they serve to vegetables are romaine lettuce and roasted red peppers.Luckily, I recently discovered this little gem right around the corner from my new gym! Between the killer salad bar and the deli case with numerous re-heatable sides and entrees, there is something different to try every time I come. Recent hits include the turkey and corn empanadas, the flank steak, and the pita bread. I spent about $24 on a bountiful and reasonably healthful meal for two, which is on par with what we typically spend when we order delivery for anywhere, if not less. The hot bar from "Little Lolita" looked pretty sad but it was quite late when I was there, about a half hour before closing time. The employees were super friendly and the place was clean. This is going to be a frequent post-gym dinner option for the future!Pro tip: the oven is the way to go for most of your re-heating needs. Especially anything with a pastry or breading. Microwaves kill dreams.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,3/2/2014,98,388,1,8,7>My only regret is that I waited so long to try this place.  My monthly BYOB club came here recently, and everyone loved their food.  None of us had really tried Venezuelan food before, so we each tried something different plus a mix of apps for the table.  The appetizer sampler was perfect - we got to try the arepas with chicken and beef, plus the tequenos, which are basically a better version of a mozerella stick - warm melted cheese encased in a thin fried shell.  The shrimp app was also delicious and super garlicy.  I had the shredded steak and rice dinner, which was flavorful and filling.The portions are huge, the people who work here really know their stuff, and it's a BYO - can't go wrong.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/1/2014,135,184,5,7,8>Only been here for their waxing services and have only had great experiences. Brazilians are $65 and eyebrows are $15. Call early for an appointment because they're usually booked two weeks out at least unless you can get in on a weekday. They use the good blue wax, so there's no painful strips, and the ladies are always super nice and make you feel really comfortable. Honestly, one of the most pain-free Brazilians I've had. Love this place!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,3/18/2012,197,496,4,6,4>This was a nice experience on Saturday!  We rolled in on Saturday night, no reservation, at 7:00 p.m. and we actually got a table (the place was packed - we clearly got lucky that the very awkward, 3 seater table right when you walk in by the door was free).Wine opened right away, bread and oil came out, quick rundown of the specials...We had the calamari for an appetizer (hey, I'm pregnant...let me eat fried things...) and it was GIGANTIC.  I think it was $9 and it could EASILY feed 4-5 people...there was so much.  It came with marinara and like a basil mayo which was very good.  No tentacles though (sadddd faaaaaace) but very fresh.For dinner I had the eggplant rollatini and it was bloody huge again - three huge rolls of eggplant PLUS a side of pasta PLUS a salad beforehand - for $17 or something, it was a tremendous amount of food - I had one of the eggplant rolls (for lack of a better word), zero pasta (well took one piece of ziti to see if they cooked it properly and yep...they did)...the eggplant had a very, very light breading on it so you could actually taste eggplant versus just fried (which is always awesome, don't get me wrong, just nice to be able to taste eggplant).  The sauce was bright, acidic, tasty.Hubs got the...hmmm...pescadore pasta or something - the one with all the seafood - it was filled with chunks of crab meat, shrimp...I swear this baby is eating my brain...SCALLOPS.  The scallops were grilled and big.  No cannolis though which made hubs sad but I really don't think we could have fit it.  Nice ambiance, even with the awkward table we had.  Polite service even though she was a little sparse - wasn't a big deal though because waters were always full and we honestly didn't need anything.Don't eat for the whole day before going here...their portion sizes are no joke.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,3/17/2012,106,68,7,11,2>Baker Street is my favorite place in Chestnut Hill to get bread, no doubt. Just walking into the shop makes me happy - with the high ceilings, shelves stacked with tantalizing loaves, and the warm, yeasty smell that envelops you, it's sort of like you've entered a holy place of baked goods.San Francisco Sourdough and Italian and my favorites, but the French Boule is also a staple at our house. Giant chocolate chip cookies are great, made even greater by the fact that Baker Street sells the COOKIE DOUGH for you to take home and...bake. Because that's what you'd do with a giant container of cookie dough.You'll pry the carbs from my cold, dead hand, and I hope they're from Baker Street.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,3/16/2012,36,47,4,6,5>Comfort food done well, and a beer selection to delight your inner (or outer) beer snob.The happy hour specials are some of the best deals around. $2 carnitas? Yes, please. I'd be all over that even if they weren't delicious. Fortunately, they are, and two of those babies makes a meal. Throw in a beer or two, and you can have dinner for like 10 bucks. The nachos should not be overlooked, either. They, too, are 1/2 price during HH, and there is a veritable mountain of them.Did I mention they have a late-night happy hour from 12-2 as well? And that the kitchen is open until 1:30 every night? And that they do an awesome brunch (challah!) ?The downside to all this winning is that it gets paaacked. But whaddya gonna do. (Answer: shut up and drink!)
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,3/15/2012,134,241,3,3,4>I'm just such a fan, I can't find a complaint.  Last night we did the Chef's Tasting.  We chose to go into it pretty blindly, the only info asked or given was about food allergies and will-not-eat foods.  Our lists was basically non-existent, so we had no idea what (or even how much) would be coming.   The on-the-house special of the night was a tuna caper salad thing served chilled with flatbreads.  Very good size for an amuse bouche ... maybe a teeny too big.  We ended up with a total of ten savory plates and 2 dessert plates.  The savory ranged from a meat plate, to seared octopus, to a crazy salad that came rolled up on a log, and as you cut it and placed it in your plate, it suddenly transformed into a perfectly composed salad.My two real stand-outs of the evening were both a surprise, and left me grateful that I chose the Chef's Tasting, since I would not have otherwise ordered either.  The oysters with the strawberries and cava.  Served on a bed of sea salt.  They were PERFECT.  Crave-able (as in, I was craving these at about 3:30 in the morning.)  After swallowing, I said that it was like licking the bottom of a boat in the bay off new jersey, but I meant it (and still do) in the most flattering way possible ... this was eating shellfish as it was intended.  There is some real flavor complexity here and it's brilliant.Speaking of flavor complexity .. though I love all the flatbreads, the artichoke, mushroom and manchego is now my favorite with the surprising and bright finish of lemon zest.  The rest of the meal was excellent, though these were the two dishes last night that I would feel compelled to urge someone to try.Next time I really REALLY want to try the roast suckling pig.  Just have to find some help ....  :D
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,3/14/2012,151,303,4,5,6>One of my favorite Philly activities is a movie at the Ritz + frites at Republic. The guys who work here are super nice and, to be perfectly honest, it's probably the most un-Old City place in Old City, which is refreshing. I am on a mission to try all the dipping sauces, and while I have a lot of work to do, my go-to is the European ketchup. What makes it different and better from regular ketchup? I HAVE NO IDEA and that's perfectly fine.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,3/13/2012,96,186,5,5,7>I've had a change of heart and now really like The Saucer. Although still put off by my last experience with their somewhat dubious tea selection and "matcha" latte, I'm drinking coffee again and come here at least once per weekend for a medium cup of joe. They (usually) have stoppers and stevia and there are not one but two replica "I WANT TO BELIEVE" posters taken directly from Fox Mulder's office (except one has orange print on it - why split hairs). I've only had their coffee here recently, except for a cinnamon roll that was decent (didn't taste particularly fresh or whatever, but satisfied my fat kid breakfast desires on one rushed Saturday morning).So I really like The Flying Saucer now. I also really like The X-Files and I REALLY like Fox Mulder. I think it's his dry personality. I love men with dry personalities. I live for it.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,3/12/2012,212,160,11,14,13>Still a legit spot; you can see two movies here for less than you can see one at just about any other theater in the tri-state area (at least). Not much more to add to my last review, but I did learn a few new things:-You don't need to be a selenologist, but check the waxing and waning when you're thinking of coming; near full moon last night was like having someone shine their high beams at us all night.-The $5.75 chicken parmesan sandwich, while being averagely tasty, was not a chicken parm. I'd call it a chopped chicken pizza steak, and there were bigger chunks of meat in my pulled pork sammy (still a spicy good steal at $4.25)-Gates open at 6:30, but if you want prime seating (parking?), you really only have to get there around an hour before start time. If you are earlier, consider bringing a frisbee, football, etc. to help pass the time (we got there at 6:15 and saw lots of families doing this while we twiddled our thumbs)-If you don't bring your own, they rent large resin chairs for $2 (chairs-guidesntips.blogs). Also, the ground is predominantly dirt and gravel, so bring padding if you decide sitting on a blanket is for you -The front three rows don't have them (at least what I saw), but from row four and back, most of the parking posts have electrical outlets for to plug in your boom box (the movie sound is broadcast through the radio).-NO BOOZE (but they don't check your bags; wink, wink), and there must be a local skunk problem (wink, wink)- This place transports you back to the 80's: Pricing is very cheap, screens were new in the 60's (#2 is in better condition than 1, but screen 1 has more parking), and the locals are... we'll just call them locals and leave it at that (I enjoyed hearing the car behind us praise N.W.A.'s newest LP).A few selling points from their brochure:*Starts at dusk- rain or shine*smoke, laugh, chat- without disturbing your neighbor*No parking worries*Sit in your car- see & hear the movies in the moonlight*Come anytime- Leave anytimeand Emmett's not very sensitive favorite...*Invalids and Shut-ins can now enjoy movies in real comfort!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,3/11/2012,78,280,4,6,5>A bunch of years ago, the Sinclairs in Newark stopped serving their cranberry chutney on their turkey sammich, and I was heartbroken. What happened to my beautiful cranberry chutney?  Turns out the owners of Sinclair's sold the Newark shop to focus on the Sinclair's in Kennett Square.  So if you want that cranberry chutney you've been missing (along with the peach habanero salsa-- WOOT!), come to Kennett, my dearie!I love both Sinclairseseseses just fine.  I think the lunch/sammich selection is better in Kennett Square (again, it's the chutneys man... can you tell I'm all about the dang chutney?  CHUTNEY!), and I think the eggs benedict are better in Newark.  The prices are slightly lower in Kennett Square, but yer also paying tax.Like both locations, the service is wonderful, the atmosphere is cozy, and the food is made with care and love.  You can't go wrong!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,3/9/2012,182,603,,3,6>I walk past here on my way home from work.  It's a great corner store.  The items are a bit pricey, but it's a lot of organic/natural stuff so that's to be expected.  They occasionally have some good sales, currently 2 for $3 blueberries.The beer selection is great.  Sometimes I pick six, but other times I might just grab one for immediate consumption when I get home, if its one of those days.  Glad I don't have to go all the way to The Foodery for my mix and match fix.  The prices are right there so you won't be suprised at the cash register.  They have great music, and the people who work there are friendly.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/8/2012,84,382,4,7,6>Although our first visit was thwarted by it being opening night AND an overly ambitious bouncer, we were very excited to return and try this place out. Since it's around the corner from us, we were pretty excited. Having spent time at Aspen and then Lucky 7, I was absolutely astonished at what the new owners were able to do here. Beautiful wood paneling, refinished floors, updated bar. Even the bathrooms got a facelift. It's small, but cozy and fits the 'hood perfectly. My only gripe is that there is literally no sign outside! Service was a little frazzled, but I think that's more a factor of being a new opening. However, still friendly and attentive. The cocktails! Wow - extremely well done. We tried several, which we understand are tried and true recipes from the Franklin Mortgage. I particularly liked the Old Fashioned. The Fairmount Project is also great. While these are a bit pricey at $10-$12 each, these are not your typical watered down bar drinks. Plenty of bang for your buck. Everything on this menu looked good. Interesting takes on a variety of bar/pub food staples. The California Crab Roll Dip is interesting and very good - it's quite literally a deconstructed California roll with crunchy rice crackers. The beer cheese dip was probably my favorite: a crock of cheesy dip with pickled onions. I can't put my finger on what makes this great, but it was! The pastrami fried chicken wings are crispy and juicy. The spice rub was really good - they tasted like pastrami! Most of us had the patty melt, which was very good. Quality beef cooked medium rare, homemade pickles, grilled onions, and special sauce. Waffle fries were more like flat fries with a slight waffle-y texture. I tried a bite of the BBQ turkey sandwich and  wow - that was good. Overall, quality food for the price. I would highly recommend. I hope they add a happy hour as I would happily come every day for a cocktail! Great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,7/28/2013,92,160,8,7,5>My older brother left Philadelphia for San Francisco in 2006 and while he'd been back several times he really hadn't experienced the restaurant renaissance we've seen over the past few years. So I thought we'd grab some grub at Fette then head to Frankfort Hall, seemed like a slam dunk.We went on a Friday night around 7:15 and the place was only about a quarter full which was shocking. I figured we'd have to wait at least 30 minutes (since they don't take reservations). Boo and I basically got a little bit of everything they had to offer.While the brisket was succulent and delicious, the sausage was  juicy and flavorful, and the short ribs and pulled pork were fist pumping good it was the chicken that literally made me sing "make ya woo woo woo, make ya woo woo woo" while I did a little shimmy on the bench. To be fair chicken is my favorite food but I really wasn't expecting much from it considering the pig seemed to be the main attraction. The flavor just oozed out of it and was complimented in the best way possible with the various sauces that were on the table. Honestly the first bite felt like pleasure town and I was Ron Burgundy. It had the flavor of smoke on the skin and transitioned to the natural flavor of a chicken that's been cooking in its own juices for the last three hours. My only beef (besides the brisket of course) was with the beer selection. It was smaller than I expected and I felt it lacked a must have.After our meal we went next door to Frankfort Hall where my brother and I proceeded to chug our beers with full BBQ bellies, but that is a story for another day....
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/27/2013,299,267,6,9,4>I went here with a friend who wanted a "sandwich with mayonaise." She got that and so much more. The menu was intimidating at first. "Why is a turkey sandwich $15?" we wondered. But we were going to find out.We ordered a couple of sandwiches, each with a side and got some fries to split. They brought us some bread to start with and mammoth drink glasses. The bread tasted fresh and homemade, if not homemade, then acquired from a bakery that morning. We munched through that while waiting for our meals, and immediately regretted that decision as we saw our sandwiches make their way across the dining room with our waiter hiding somewhere behind them.The sandwiches were at least 5-7 inches tall, cut in half so you could see the full impact of the meat stacked high. I got the roast beef au jus and my friend got the breaded chicken cutlet. Both were a bit tough to eat, the sandwiches being bigger than our mouths, but we made it work. The meat was flavorful and tender, and made for quite a damn fine creation. We each only ate half. Our sides were nice - potato pancakes and chips. Fried and delicious. And the French fries were piled high to the sky just like everything else and we barely made a dent, though they were wonderful as well.Though I loved everything about this meal, it was priced a little steep for a lunch date. I would maybe come back and split a sandwich and fries with someone instead. That's my plan to maximize the awesomeness quotient.The cutest thing was, when the waiter brought the check, he brought two fresh baked chocolate chip cookies in a little wax paper bag for us! I fell in love, if I wasn't already.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/26/2013,115,317,1,12,8>Awesome small craft brewing company!  And a great way to spend a chilly Saturday at the shore.  For a brewery that just started up a little over a year ago, they really do a great job at brewing a variety of good, high quality beers.  Sometimes microbreweries have only 1 or 2 really good beers, and the rest are nothing special.  I was impressed that all 4 beers I tried with the sampler ($5 for 4 oz of 4 beers) were all really good and would definitely order at a bar again (if they were available).I tried:-Cape May IPA - IPAs are my fav and this is solid-Devil's Reach - a Belgian ale and my favorite of the bunch (tasted like a triple)-Apple Bomb - I expected something fruity or like cider... was pleasantly surprised this tasted like neither.  Hint of tart appleness - would be good on a summer day.-Saison - I think Saisons are my new favorites for summer, and this was a good one.  their description - cross between a wheat, belgian double, and IPA - is accurate.  YUM!Also, CMB is a really cool spot with seemingly really cool guys.  Live band playing, picnic tables both outside and inside to chill, and a fun laid back vibe.  Everyone there having a good time.Cape May Brewing needs to expand!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,7/25/2013,91,432,3,12,4>I am obviously Indian by descent; as a result, I"m a little picky when it comes to Indian food stuffs. It's tough to beat mom's home cooked food - even if I am south Indian and this is all north indian food. Also, I've been going to Tiffin for YEARS, and I'm clearly a fan. I have a love / hate relationship with Tashan, and I really don't go there for food at all. But I do think that I'll go to Tiffin Bistro more often. Plus, its in my neighborhood! I stopped in with two friends on their opening night - and I must say, I do like the inside of this joint. It's cute, and definitely smells great. Additionally, they have lovely outdoor seating.  The service was great, there were definitely attentive waiters and waitstaff. I really appreciated their knowledge of the menu, and they genuinely seemed to appreciate feedback to improve upon their current service, which is rare.  The food: Aloo Papri Chat - delicious, well made, and well seasoned Saag Paneer- well done, well made, and well seasoned. ALSO really warm, and a pretty big / filling serving Eggplant curry - it was a little weird - it was delicious, but weird. It had the top of the Eggplant in it? The rough stem like part? Which I thought was more than weird / strange / kind dumb. Also it was a LITTLE too spicy than I thought it should be - but it was delicious overall Naan - well made, not oily, and just the right amount of fluff / taste Overall - great experience, and great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/24/2013,212,160,5,6,3>The best pet store in at least a 5 mile radius, hands down.Worldwide has a very good aquarium section, and staff that seems quite knowledgeable when it comes to fish (and everything else pet related). The other pet supplies seem limited by space, but what they have is good quality and cheaper than you'll see at the big stores, and what they don't they will happily order if you tell them in advance.Aside from the fish and pet homes/food/supplies, they also sell a good selection of reptiles, amphibians, and rodents, but not really a dealer in birds. They also occasionally have kittens, though that is more rare.Very friendly staff that is always willing to help with questions, and even more eager to give your pooch treats when you bring them in. My mutt has more allergy restrictions than I do, so I am extremely happy that they carry a wide enough variety for his niche, and bonus points for having a deal that every 11th bag is free (Natural Balance brand)._______________________________________I feel a bit like Elmyra (Tiny Toons reference) as I write this, but here is a list of pets I've gotten from them over the last two decades:***Meat- a surly hamster who enjoyed kicking his soiled wood chips out of his cage and into my little brother's bed (thus endearing himself to me for life), sinking pool balls while inside his hamster ball, and trying to take chunks out of my fingers whenever I came too close. Name changed to One-eye Willie after his left eye fell out (it was as weird as it sounds, and helps explain his surliness)***Atilla- a loving and personable Chilean Rose Hair tarantula, and the most long lived of my WW pets. She grew from a fifty cent piece sized arachnid to an adult hand sized mouse eater and died at the estimated ripe old age of 12***King Louie- a speedy, vicious, and ornery Starburst Baboon tarantula. While likely my favorite spider to date, he hated me so much that, rather than live many years gorging on bugs and hairless mammal babies, he entombed himself in his warren and stayed there 'till death. I will miss his hissing and frequent attempts at biting me.***Pinky & The Brain (1,2, and 3)- Pinktoe tarantulas that were fond of escaping, being arboreal and prone to jumping. Eventually stopped buying replacement Brains because, no matter how much I berated him, Pinky kept eating them (they can live communally).***Jack Skellington- a rescued stripe knee tarantula that someone else purchased here, jack was a friendly fellow, as spiders go, and I'd like to think I made his last few years comfortable after a hectic upbringing in a frat house.***Lord Chamberlain- a skittish male Chilean Rose hair, he laid the most thick and beautiful beds of webbing before eating them. I don't know why, but he went on a hunger strike during his fourth year of life with me and never recovered.***King, King II, & Pinchy- three Emperor scorpions that never stabbed a thing with their stingers, which was disappointing, but who were more than happy to eat pink baby mice alive. Kept their tank by my lil' brothers bed so he could enjoy the squeals of terror and pain while he slept, so there was some enjoyment. Had trouble keeping them alive due to humidity issues, so after the Kings died I gave Pinchy away to a more experienced keeper.***Rambo- a voracious eater, this Pacman frog took on anything that moved, even to his own peril. How it got in there I will never know, but he died while trying to eat a bat that was twice his size.***Fire-bellied toads- never named them because they all looked alike, but they were very cool and stupid pets; keep them fed and their home clean and they will sing all day long, but give them something too large to eat and they will choke to death rather than spit the food out.***African clawed frogs (albino and regular)- these frogs were bastards. They would float there playing dead until a fish came by, then kill it and not eat it, and do the same until all your fish were dead. Once their murder lust was satisfied, they would escape and be found petrified the next day. A better name for them would be the Glutenous Murder-Suicide frog.***Beta fish- I had many over the years, but stopped buying them once my brother and I found out the "fighting" was over rated: We bought two, raised them for months, then set them at each other for a huge winner take all pot of $22; anticlimactic is an understatement, because earthworms are more violently. ***Fish- a lot of them, some grew to great sizes and lived years, but most died from other fish pecking them because we didn't plan the environment right.***Dragon- a Bearded Dragon, and the last pet I ever bought there, he simply ate, basked, and shit. Eventually I grew tired of cleaning up his crap, so I took him to Whissahickon valley in June and freed him. I'd like to think he lasted through the fall, which was warm that year, but if he stayed with me he'd have been starved to death in a week.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,7/22/2013,125,201,4,8,6>I see that it's been some time since I've raved about Tria. It's still perfect! I go here about twice as often as I go to every other bar in Philadelphia combined. Here are some things that make Tria the best: -There isn't a bad item on the menu. Every once in awhile I'll order something that isn't to my taste, but you could randomize the menu via computer, order whatever drinks, cheeses and snacks come up first, and be completely assured that you will have a high-quality, lovely meal.-The staff is so great: knowledgeable and nice and willing to listen to your preferences and suggest just exactly the right thing. Sometimes they suggest just exactly the right thing with nary a clue from you at all; it's kind of uncanny.-Deals! On weekdays at happy hour time, they offer a selection of menu items (usually a red wine, a white, a cheese and two different beers) for $5 each. All day on Sunday, there's a wine, a beer and a cheese for half price. I trust Tria a lot, so I usually just get whatever's on special without thinking twice - you can try all kinds of delicious, well-chosen stuff for a pittance.-The rewards card. On the plus side, you get gift cards after you spend a certain amount, as well as prizes for trying x different wines, beers and cheeses. The minus is that every time you use the card, you can see a lifetime running total of how much you've spent at Tria, and the number can be downright staggering. Don't you think, though, that drinking and eating really well is easily as responsible a way to spend hard-earned cash as, say, paying down student loans? Yeah, me too.Tria's top-shelf menu would be enough to bring me there frequently at full price, but when you factor in the top-shelf service and discounts, it's hard to justify going anyplace else.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/21/2013,190,9,8,9,10>Flywheel's "Never Coast" tagline had me feeling anxious the first time I walked down the stairs into the glistening Locust Street location. Inside the studio, the bikes are arranged in a semi-circle on multiple levels so everyone has a good view of the instructor in the front of the room. The friendly staff helped sign in,  adjust my bike and got me clipped into the pedals. The loud music began, the instructor encouraged us over her microphone. I thought, how difficult can this be. The bike is my primary form of transportation, ice hockey is how I "stay fit." My legs are definitely strong. But once we went to "position three," out of the saddle and pedaling at breakneck speeds I realized I was missing something very important. As I've gone back I realize that is my core (which gets just one-star) but I've also become addicted. The legs are getting stronger and so is my core. Even my arms are getting stronger, thanks to weighted bars that are worked into the workout. I dig the competition of the score board that is occasionally flashed on the flat screen TVs at the front of the class. I like the display on the bike that gives you second by second updates on your RPM, the torque and your overall Power. There's no lying to yourself about how hard you're working. It's all right there in digital clarity. The classes aren't cheap, $25 per, if you buy single sessions and unlike hockey, they don't include a cool-down beer. But in hockey you can coast, not so in FlyWheel, so the workout is legit and the results are obvious. The studio is brand new and the staff takes pride in keeping it clean. The showers include towels, soap, shampoo, conditioner and even other toiletries. Give Flywheel a try, but beware, you might just become addicted.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,7/20/2013,585,298,9,2,6>I was in my old stomping grounds of West Philly,  and I heard there was a decent Coffee shop nearby.  I went over to Cafe Rue 52,, which was on the Strip. The place was a little hard to find because the sign was kind of trendy. Inside, It was decorated nicely with a room to order your food and beverages and a small dining room in the rear. I ordered a cup of coffee, dark roast and a breakfast crepe. The prices were reasonable and the staff was very friendly, I walked to the back room to eat, but there was a problem. As I stated before the place is very very trendy and the seating was definitely not big man approved. All of the chairs were small, plastic and cute. Well cute don't work for a king size break- a chair -phobic like me! Instead I walked across the street to good old Black Oak Park and got a bench and sat down and enjoyed my lunch. Not much has changed in good old Black Oak Park since I used to play there as a child. There were about four young men smoking a big fat spliff next to me. The crepe and the coffee were good, but all of a sudden, I was hungry again!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,7/19/2013,92,189,6,5,4>I've been here twice, both times because I was hungry after a grueling workout at Pure Barre (yes, I'm a hypocrite, but it's a long trek home to the burbs on SEPTA, and I needed sustenance!) I happened to walk by here, get a hankering for some baked goods, and entered.Luckily, they not only have sweets but also sandwiches, which are, as the French say, le BANGIN'. I'm lucky there was a line and it takes them a few minutes to help each customer because I was flip-flopping like a politician on the campaign trail, trying to decide which sandwich to order. The first time, I got Le Miel, which is "Grilled marinated chicken filet, grilled asparagus, brie, roasted red bell peppers, arugula, on garlic sourdough", and, might I add, SUPER YUMMERS. The second time, which was last week, I got the Croque Monsieur, which was so good that I'm trying to figure out the next time I'll be able to stop in and have another. Prices are about average, and you get chips, too. I'll admit, some of their croissants were not looking so hot by the time I was there (late afternoon), so I skipped those. The last time I went, I got a Luxe, which is     "Dark Chocolate Mousse, Raspberry Mousse, Vanilla Bavarian, Chocolate Genoise and Finished with Cocoa Glaze." I don't know what all those words mean, but together, they are l'AWESOME.The service is pretty nice, in that they don't make you feel like a moron if you mispronounce the name of your sandwich. They're a little slow if you're doing takeout, but you probably won't wait more than 10 minutes if it's not crazy busy.Definitely a solid sandwich outpost, though there are probably better bakeries around. Still, get the Luxe. The name tells you all you need to know about it.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,7/18/2013,62,187,,5,5>Eat here. Probably the best meal I've had in about a year. The food here is amazing from start to finish. The service was top notch. The ambiance is perfect. We came in here with two bottles of wine (both under $10 bucks) and did not feel judged at all. We wanted to order everything on the menu but restrained ourselves to: raw oysters, kampachi, the tilefish, the amberjack, banana split, and strawberry tort. All of the above were incredible. The quality of food and service was well worth the price (total bill actually wasn't as bad as we had expected). By far one of the best places in the City to grab a good meal.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,1/2/2009,198,334,7,12,11>Yes you too for only $6+ can construct a giant burrito  with your choice of fixin's. Once said burrito of massive proportions is handed off to you, you may then adorn it with one of their many hot sauces or just dive right in. When you get about 1/2 way through you will be super stuffed and question your addition of so many goodies as the last 1/2 stairs back up at you.Good stuff.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,12/31/2008,31,41,15,10,13>You'll tell all your friends you know this "secret" lunch place hidden deep within 1700 Market with fresh and delicious food (try the turkey burger). But of course, "only you can take them there." So one brisk Tuesday afternoon you'll gather your purse and walking stick and guide them to this lunchtime oasis.  You'll smile with satisfaction as they excitedly scurry off to the buffet line. You'll casually shrug when they ask how you found such a wonderful place.  With meals purchased and bellies full, they'll hoist you on their shoulders, chanting your name with glee as they parade you down 17th street.  You'll be their lunchtime hero.To clarify, it didn't quite play out this way with my coworkers. But I'm still holding out hope for my out-of-town friends.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,12/30/2008,49,111,10,6,6>I am shocked and appalled that there are not more five-star reviews for this place. It's funny how you can live in a city for 3+ years and walk past a place almost every single week --- a place that you assume is just another tourist staple in Old City. Because honestly... for three and a half years, I thought National Mechanics was like, George Washington's brother's uncle's cousin's dog's house or something. It looks just like the rest of the historical tourist attractions in Old City, with its huge pillars and what have you. But alas, thanks to the magical ability that my sister has of paying attention to her surroundings... and frequenting Happy Hours... I finally discovered National Mechanics only a few weeks ago.Since then, it has become my favorite happy Hour haunt. The beer menu is unique and stacked full of choices to keep you fellow hops-n'-barley addicts satisfied. Not to mention the veggie burger, which is the best I've ever had. So, put down that freezer-burnt box of Morningstar Farms Grillers and get your fine self over to National Mechanics for $2 lagers!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,12/29/2008,2553,1314,9,13,11>Once again, my BYO girls and I were out to dinner. This time, we chose Mercato at the recommendation of a friend who had been there twice in one month and loved it. Based on her raves, plus all the positive reviews on yelp, I knew we were destined for a solid dining experience. First, we were presented with some really dense bread and a garlicky spread. Yummm. I've probably made it pretty clear by now that I am bread's number one fan, and this little plate-o-carbs did not disappoint! We shared the roasted portabella and arugula puff pastry, the market salad and the roasted artichoke. I wasn't particularly excited about either of the first two selections, but I was blown away by both of them. The flavors were incredible. The market salad had a fantastic dressing and candied pecans, plus slivers of pear and a parmesan-type cheese that gave it a sweet-but-bitey contrast. Hands down, this is absolutely what I would recommend if I could only pick one starter from the three we tried. The puff pastry came with a little salad that had a slightly salty vibe, which went really well with everything in the pastry. Now, we ordered the grilled artichoke based on the things I had read on yelp. It became clear when it was dropped at our table, that no one had the slightest idea what to do with the thing. I grabbed a leaf, dipped it in the creamy aioli (which was amazing, by the way), and popped it in my mouth. It was really tasty... until I realized something wasn't breaking down and had taken on the texture of tree bark. So, for any artichoke novices out there reading this, let me save you from looking like a cave person and fill you in on a little secret: you don't eat the whole leaf! Simply dip, and then use your teeth to tear the small amount of flesh from the piece. You're welcome. For dinner, one friend had the roasted chicken, another had the short rib ragu over gnocchi and I had the fish special which was tilapia in a basil lemon butter sauce with spinach and a pan seared polenta cake. Wow. Each dish was phenomenal. Portions were on the large side, but we put a hurtin' on every one of them. I'm not sure I can pick one that I liked most, because they were all equally delicious in their own way. Always saving a corner in our stomachs for dessert, we had the tiramisu and the warm pecan caramel tart. Now, the tiramisu was good, but it didn't stand a chance next to the tart. Let me put it like this: that thing gave great sex a run for its money. Mercato exceeded our expectations and we were all in agreement that it has become our favorite BYO to-date. My girlfriends downright demanded that I give 5 stars in my review (one also wanted me to give a special shout out to the cute bathroom), and I'm happy to oblige.  From what I hear, the weekends get a little crazy and the tables are very close together.  Check it out during the week to avoid the madness and enjoy your experience to the fullest.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,12/28/2008,15,58,9,7,8>An ugly stew of derelicts, hipsters, and classless underagers. The red vinyl swells and moans under you as each new degenerate enters to the sound of hot grease licking water in the make-due kitchen next to the doorway.  The smell is smoke and sweat, and for some reason the 23oz beers just seem wetter coming out of these draughts. No matter what the weather is outside, once you sit down in here, it always feels like its raining. This place is good.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,12/27/2008,28,27,6,6,6>Eyes Gallery, a.k.a. "What my house would look like if I had mad cash", is the kitschiest stop on South Street (next to Magic Gardens, but they're related, so it's cool) Even if you're not looking to buy any Day of the Dead figurines or Anima Sola Wall hangings, the place totally lives up to it's "gallery" title. You could spend hours in this store. 3 stories, packed to the brim with the most fun Mexican folk art you've never seen. Just be careful when you turn around -- you'll most likely knock something over. Hip hip hooray!
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,12/26/2008,7,3,4,6,6>For those who know me, I love hand-made jewelry, rocking gear by local designers and vintage clothing. And Topstitch has it. Yes, has it all. The boutique's lovely selection of crafts and one of a kind jewelry makes me flustered and happy. I almost always leave the place purchasing a couple items (I wish my ears were pierced 'cause I would buy all their feather earrings). It is one of my favorite philly shopping haunts. Also, the ladies of topstitch are sooooo friendly. The girls have a knack for capturing the essence of now fashion through their selections.Really, If you are looking to buy a gift for your bestfriend, girlfriend, boyfriend, hip mom, hip mother-in-law or even hip toddler look no further.  You WILL find it here.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,12/24/2008,20,73,4,5,5>It seems that Apothecary is best experienced at a quiet time, like a weekday evening, when Christian the bartender can give you his undivided attention. The absinthe (oh, yes) and the grand scene that ordering it creates is totally worth it all. Go for the recession proof specials on weeknights after 7 for some great deals on really interesting drinks. And speaking of interesting drinks, I can think of no better place in all of Philadelphia to ask the bartenders what they recommend - let's just say you definitely won't end up with a rum and coke. I'm less of a fan of this place on Saturday nights. The music is dull, and without the detailed explanations and the ooooohhhs and aaaahhhs surrounding the elaborate elixirs, there's really no reason to pay quite so much.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/23/2008,0,15,13,10,10>If you are committed to the 12 Step Program then this place is your worst nightmare.  Step 1) Admit you are powerless over alcohol and Fred the bartender is more than happy to set you up a round.  Step 2) Believe a power greater than you can return you to sanity, probably your significant other.  So, conveniently, there is no cell phone service in this place.  Step 3) Karaoke Obscura.  Step 4) Bloody Mary's on Sunday morning.  Step 5) Smoking is encouraged.  Step 6) Drunken pool anybody?  Step 7) $1.00 Pabst Pounders.  Step 8) Roast Pork Sandwiches.  Step 9) Want to relive that high school basement party? Step 10) Belgian Ales: Chimay Grande Reserve.  Step 11) This is not my beautiful house?  Step 12) This is not my beautiful wife!Congratulations, you have completed the 12 Steps Down Program.  Enjoy your new life.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,12/22/2008,129,194,6,8,10>Thank you, Eulogy. Thank you for making sense.  You sell really good beer. You make delicious fries. Your spot is chill without being pretentious, and just small enough to feel cozy. I love your coffin room the best, because it makes me feel kind of like a bad girl for liking it. I will continue to bring out-of-town guests here to prove what an awesome beer town this is, and to convince them to move to Philly. I love to see their looks of joy and surprise, when they say "they have THAT?!?" and happily order yet another drink. If I were trying to woo some beer-loving lover, while impressing him at the same time (oh wait, already done) I would bring that person to you. You and me, Eulogy. We're a team.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,1/14/2009,29,60,8,13,13>Why have I delayed in expressing my love of Memphis Taproom?  My praise is long overdue.The first time I went here was coincidentally the same weekend that Craig LaBan reviewed it (positively, I might add).  I enjoyed my jersey tomato and tofu salad and the fabulous beer selection, but I *really* enjoyed the saturday afternoon patrons.  Girls doing knitting? check.  Random locals of all ages watching sports in the bar? check.  Couple with a baby? check.  But my favorites were the little old lady and man who came in separately and just wanted to take a look at the renovations, and the woman from the neighborhood who sat down at a table by herself.  She was about 60-ish, wearing a pink sweatsuit, and she ordered a bloody mary and sat there reading her book.  A few minutes later, the owner came by, sweeping the floor.  She looked up from her book and asked "Are you the owner?"  He nodded, and she beamed at him, saying "This is my second time here!  I just love this place!"  Then she went right back to reading her book.  Later, her waiter came by and asked her if she wanted another bloody mary.  She looked down at her empty glass, paused as if thinking it over, and then said "Hey, sure.  Why not live a little, right?"Was it nosy of me to observe all this?  Yep.  I'm a nosy girl.  But, weirdly, I couldn't stop thinking about her for the rest of the day...it was amazing how happy the presence of this establishment in her neighborhood had made her, and her joy was contagious.So yeah...Memphis Taproom fills a unique niche, in that it seems to be highly appreciated by both hipster transplants and native fishtownians.  And the fried pickles are killer.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,1/13/2009,39,19,10,11,12>I am a member of a profound and prodigious club called the B.E.C., or Big Eaters Club.  There are two ways to gain entry into our debauched society.  The first is to go out with three established members of the B.E.C. to a restaurant with an approved, sizable menu, and with the group, order and devour all the restaurant has to offer.  The second is to completely finish a Zaftig at the Famous Fourth Street Deli.  The first option is easier.Ezekial F., one passionate member of the B.E.C., first introduced this behemoth of a sandwich to us by bringing an unfinished half of with a scale that dictated its weight: 1.6 pounds.  Half.  1.6 pounds.  Half.  Fitting both slices of bread, with all that meat, between your teeth is akin to trying to fit a bowling ball inside a zip-lock bag.  The corned beef is surprisingly tender, and generally falls apart with the slightest application of force.  This is particularly important, because towards the end of your meal, if you make it that far, your jaws lack the energy and strength to chew.  The one thing that keeps you going is the high quality of all the ingredients.  The most die-hard of B.E.Cers will follow this monstrosity with dessert.  Each slice of Checkerboard Cake is as big War and Peace in 14 font.  And the eclairs are as big as my Danskos.  My wife, the founding member of the B.D.E.C. (D for dessert) will split the two of them with me.  The ensuing walk home is spent in a unique balance of comatose, pain and pride.  And then we don't eat for three days.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2008,1/12/2009,32,45,7,8,6>Me:  Illness:  sore throat all up ons.Cure:  Franklin Fountain.There's really no reason to write a review for this shop, considering that it inherently encompasses so many of my favorite pastimes.  A hip, classic, old-time feel.  Outdoor seating.  And, of course, ice cream.  Who can, in good conscience, dog this place?  It not only has a great vibe, and great service, but holy gazoinkas!  The ice cream is absolutely divine!  I'm a huge butter pecan fan, and I can say without hesitation that this was THE BEST butter pecan ice cream I've ever tasted.  Like, in the history of everness.If you've never eaten here, I do recommend that you first try a dish of simply ice cream, no frills.  The sundaes are huge and jam packed, but if you want to experience the essence of creamy goodness that is Franklin Fountain, try it first without all the extras.  It's like a good pancake, it doesn't need a whole boat load of adornment.  Simple, and delicious.  It can get busy, but your wait will be worth it.  Your tastebuds will dance and sing and do the hula.  And why shouldn't they?  It's ice cream heaven, and St. Peter wields an ice cream scoop.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/11/2009,72,175,14,12,10>An ode* to Miss Tootsie's:M - Macaroni and cheese is yummy and good!  So very cheesey!I -  It makes no sense how good that tea is!S - Super cool and attentive waitress (Alexis) - ask for her when you go!S -  Small space, so I wouldn't go on a weekend.  Week nights are good though.T - The atmosphere is nice.  There are black and white photos of local Philly artists (Musiq, Kindred, Jaguar Wright, Jazmine Sullivan, etc.) on the walls.O - Oh my goodness, that tea is GOOD!O - Our orders came out piping hot...I even burned my tongue.  Totally my fault, though.T-  The waitress and I had a discussion about hot sauce.  In case you're interested, they use Crystal.S - Super cute take-home bags.I - I tried my friend's ribs, they were yummy!E - Everything was tasty!S - So yeah, I'll definitely go back - but not on a weekend.Seriously though, I'd been wanting to go to Miss Tootsie's for a while, but I just hadn't gotten around to going.    I'm not gonna lie, this place is tiny, but now that you know it's small, you shouldn't be surprised.  The food was tasty, but not quite seasoned enough for my taste.  To be fair though, it is the week after Thanksgiving, and I've been eating my Mom's cooking for the past week.  Regardless of where you go, no soul food restaurant is gonna match Grandma's or Mom's cooking, but this place is good, and I'll definitely go back.* So technically this isn't an ode....so what...shut up! ;-)
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,1/9/2009,30,71,1,11,8>Journey to Zahav for a modern twist on Israeli middle eastern cuisine!I heard the buzz about this place a while ago and checked it out last week to get the low down first hand.At first the address to the place is very deceiving.  It's near the Society Hill Towers or easier yet...if you know where the Ritz 5 is in Old City, you know where this place is.  It's across the street and up the stairs from the theatre.Entering the restaurant, you see a very sexy, modern decor.  The lovely wood bar is closest to the main entrance, and it's very long and lots of seating there.  The dining area is adequate in size.  Tables closest to the window can be somewhat awkward since they are rather close to each other, but it's all good, this gives you few of what other people are ordering.  I swear this one table close to us, order the exact same shit we did. The drink menu was very decent, it had interesting cocktails like 6th Borough, which is made with Arak, a liquor sorta like Greek Ouzo, and there was the Lemonanna, which had bourbon, mint and lemon.  I had both.  I loved the Lemonanna, it was very refreshing, you could drink a bunch of those its so good.  The other cocktail was a little to overpowering for me.  If you like the licorice like taste, you will love this cocktail.  It's rather strong as well. The menu had a lot of selections to choose from.  These are small plates so about 3 or so plates to share per person I think is good.  We ordered the Fried Kibbe (ground beef with bulgar wheat),  the Monsieur Merguez (spicy lamb sausage), The Bulgarian (ground beef and lamb), Crispy Haloumi (sheeps milk cheese)i, Balkan style Mackerel.  All of the plates were exceptionally prepared and presented.  But the highlights had to be the Haloumi and the Merguez.  The Haloumi was just perfectly done and tasty.  I was skeptical about getting a cheese plate but after eating this, I could have had it for a meal.  The cheese was not as pungent as some, and not too mild either.  It was cooked just right with a nice crispy exterior.  The Merguez was just tasty, fully seasoned and down right delicious.  I would have rathered it be a little more spicy though.After all that, I was wondering what else could top that, but the dessert was wicked good.  I had the Honey cake which was moist and so damn good.  I'm not a dessert person but I finished this with no effort.  We also had the New School, made with Konafi, Kumquats and Labaneh ice cream.  I love labaneh yogurt, so this was a treat.Service was excellent.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and gave great explanations of everything on the menu, with awesome suggestions.I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner.  The well thought out menu is very well executed.  Anyone who enjoys middle eastern cuisine will enjoy this place.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,1/8/2009,44,81,7,7,7>This is not your typical Chinatown restaurant.  If you are looking for MSG, greasy standards, you are at the wrong place.  Ray's is a cozy cafe that I visit at least once a week.  They serve a variety of dishes in REASONABLE portions.  The lady that works there is so nice, and ensures that when I go with my boyfriend he gets the masculine blue dishes, while I get the flowery feminine dishes.  It's the details like that that make Ray's my favorite place to go.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/7/2009,32,331,5,7,5>Hot.  Taco.  Love!  Actual information to follow.Edit:  I got yer following information right here!So yeah, you know I get up on some Mexican, so yesterday I trundled through the Italian Market muttering TACO TACO TACO, willing it to appear.  And appear it did!  Loncheria?  That sounds like luncheria, and I was in the market for lunch, so it was a done deal!Now, I prefer it taqueria style where you order at the counter, get your food, pay and sit down then.  Here they bring you a menu, and it's all waitress style.  But maybe they'll ditch that format.  It is a newish place after all.Though I was extreeemely tempted by the tortas, or perhaps even a quesadilla, I went to Taco Town instead.  3 for $5.50?  i'm IN.  However, I wanted 1 "bisteck" (carne asada?) and 2 carnitas, and instead I got 3 beef.  Boo, but whatever.  These were some macho tacos, with pieces of beef that were large, but not too big to make eating the thing messy.  With spicy tomatillo salsa, these were soooooo nommy.  However, they are possibly the greasiest tacos I have ever eaten.  It was kind of weird, actually.  I was already dastardly full halfway through the third taco, but that of course didn't stop me from demolishing it, and further upping my cholesterol.I am so gonna get up on this place on regular basis.  You should too, fatty!
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,1/5/2009,52,40,4,5,5>Most of the seating for this Australian-themed brunch place is tucked behind the kitchen, so I wasn't impressed when first I walked in.  There is window bar-style seating which is kind of diner-ish.  Once seated, however, I loved the warm, simple IKEA-esque decor and the friendly but not fussy staff.The quality of the ingredients is excellent and healthy (i.e. unprocessed).  I recommend the egg dishes for breakfast.  Ants Pants is only open until 4pm, but they do breakfast and lunch very well.  The clientele seemed nice, too, some people studying, some families.  The menu is unique but simple, complete with Australian touches like regional slang and trivia about koala bears (they are marsupials, NOT bears!).Free internet with password, which I couldn't get to work.  Cash only; parking is probably not fabulous for those not within walking distance, but this is Philly, so I think most places are within walking distance.  They're crowded on the weekends with the slept-in-after-a-fun-evening set, lots of young couples and very congenial.  Lunch items are mostly salads and sandwiches, but with some Australian touches I'd never heard of.The guy next to me was so excited about how good his freshly-squeezed orange juice tasted that he exclaimed "This makes my week!"  Mine too.  Oh, and you can get food to go, or as the Aussies say, "take away."
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,1/4/2009,40,43,6,10,7>I'll admit Thai food is new to me, but I have a feeling I'll be having it more often after my experience at Thai Orchid.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and got seated right away.  The waitress was very friendly, and concerned for my wife when she ordered the spiciest thing on the menu.  She doesn't know my wife very well :)  I ordered the drunken noodles, which was had 2 peppers next to it, denoting the spiciness.  It was pretty damned spicy, which I liked, but I was actually sweating!  The taste of the dish was DELICIOUS!  Yes i just yelled that.  Overall, I give this restaurant 2 thumbs up, and will definitely be returning.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,1/3/2009,13,14,5,5,6>I've played shows, gone to shows, spun and actually saw a fashion show here once.  Most of my nights have ended with pain and regret but for some reason I still come back.After a one year break, I returned to The Khyber this week.  Unknowingly, I chose karaoke night.  The most annoying night I could have.  I drank dollar pbr's until I surely made a fool of myself.  On the way home, I crashed my bike and knocked myself out.  I woke up in a pool of blood with a cop looming over me.  This bar is a bad influence.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,2/26/2009,31,66,4,5,5>Oh. My. GOD.Really, Yazmin is that good! I was watching tv and started to crave authentic food..so I went on yelp (thank god for yelp..)I went to their website (where they so kindly have a menu!) and I was shocked at the prices!! They were pretty inexpensive (which I wasn't expecting) We (the boy and I) just wanted a nibble in the afternoon, so we got the Chicken Satay appetizer (3.95!!) and Teriyaki Chicken (7.95) the portions were decent for two people! (not a full meal if you're a hearty eater and planning on splitting one entree) but I WOULD HAVE BEEN IN HEAVEN HAVING ONE TO MYSELF. It was so good I was honestly just eating spoonfulls of sauce. it's disgusting in theory, but not in practice for their sauce :) I suggest trying it out, it's in a strip mall which is easy to get in and out of (thank god!), it's inexpensive and it was soooo good. Definitely going to be ordering full entrees for dinner next time!-writing this is making me hungry for Yazmin..I'm totally converted-
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2008,2/25/2009,83,69,1,10,8>Located just 15 minutes outside of Philadelphia, I was eager to check out Pop Shop after it was featured in an episode of Throwdown (with Bobby Flay) on the Food Network earlier this year. After the episode replayed this afternoon, we got a craving for grilled cheese sandwiches that needed to be satiated and headed to Pop Shop in Collingswood, NJ for dinner.The menu is ridiculously long..like reading a newspaper, literally, as the menu is printed on newsprint and looks and feels like a fun daily read. Since we came for the grilled cheese, I examined the grilled cheese menu with detail. With 31 grilled cheese options (seriously 31), I stuck with a slight update to the classic and ordered the Stokes - American cheese with tomato and applewood smoked bacon on country white for $6.49. I added on the famous Pop Shop fries to go with it for an additional $1.99.The meal was DELICIOUS. Comforting, tasty, diner style food...but not overly greesy like you'd get from a typical diner. My husband got the Harrison which had Jack cheese, grilled chicken, on ciabatta, which was good but tasted more like a sandwich melt because of the chicken and ciabatta. We agreed a more classic grilled cheese option was the way to go.The atmosphere was laid back, family-friendly, clean, and fun. A slightly retro diner with a modern update. Since it was a Saturday night, the wait for two people was 45-50 minutes long, but we managed to snag two seats at the bar after only 10 minutes.My only complaint was that the service was slow and a bit hectic. It was a Saturday night and super busy, so I am pardoning them of 3-Stars because of that. I ordered a milkshake to go, which took almost 20 minutes to get after having paid our check and waiting for someone at the counter to finally get to my order. We did sit at the bar which gave us a first hand look at how hectic it was behind the counters, so maybe that added to the aggravation. The milkshake was tasty though and worth the wait (even if painfully long). Overall both menus (dinner & dessert) had a TON of options...a bit too many it felt like, but Pop Shop seems like they do it all just right. It's quirky, good ole fashioned comfort food in a fun atmosphere. Definitely a destination spot especially after it's Food Network fame.Final thoughts...Go for the famous grilled cheese sandwiches and fries...and some ice cream if you can fit it all in. Stick to weeknights if you can as weekends are sure to have long waits and slower then normal service.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2008,2/24/2009,5,90,1,9,7>Zento epitomizes why Philadelphia's restaurant scene is one of the best in the nation.  It offers Morimoto quality at reasonable prices, stylish decor with a laid-back vibe, plus it's a BYO.  What more could you ask for?Normally I don't go for the "wacky" rolls, but for Zento I make an exception.  Chef Genawan is a true culinary artist.  Each of his creations balances unexpected yet complimentary flavors and textures in a delightful package. For the sushi purist, the simple flavors of high-quality fish, expertly cut and prepared, are also waiting for you at Zento.  In addition, vegetarians and those who aren't fans of raw fish will find several delicious options.So visit Zento!  And be thankful to live in Philadelphia where such sushi perfection is yours to enjoy!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/23/2009,26,98,5,5,5>Ok, so I am proof that even when there is a large sign that says "BAR" and points directly at the bar in question, it can still be hard to find.  Of course, I was also driving down 12th St, instead of 13th, so that may have had something to do with it.  Once we figured out where we were going, it really was impossible to miss, both because of the sign, and the fact that in a three block radius of this bar, there is nothing but burnt out buildings and meth labs.  Once you find it, you'll be pleasantly surprised.   Not only did we get two prime parking spaces (right out front) where, had our cars gotten broken into, at least we would have known immediately, but we also walked into a bar on a Thursday night that wasn't super full, loud, or obnoxious, and got prime seats at the bar.  The bartender was attentive and knew her beers.  She was pretty good at describing the beers so that they sounded really good.  Mostly, they were, too.  They have a nice draft list as well as a sizable and perhaps random bottle list.  The food was super plentiful.  I expected less for my money, but the bellyache that came with eating too much greasy food in a short period of time was also free.  We had the mussels (which were good), the beer battered green beans (which were about as far from healthy as green beans can possibly get, but super yummy), and the grilled cheese special.   I've never eaten anywhere where there was a grilled cheese of the day, so this was new and exciting.  Our grilled cheese had bacon and apples in addition to cheese.  It was good and came with a side salad and fries.  I definitely had the feeling that this is a neighborhood bar, and, since the only bars in my neighborhood are super sketchy, I may adopt it as my own.  It certainly makes for a nice, relaxing place to have a few drinks with friends.  Oh, and the bar itself is the coolest thing I've seen in a long time, even if it might not be the most practical way to set up a bar.  I'm still confused how the people at the ends get their drinks, so maybe next time I'll sit at an end and find out...
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,2/22/2009,14,34,2,10,6>Simple, solid italian food on the cheap for  a NOT on the cheap ambience, menu, and professionalism. I paid less here for a bruschetta special and chicken breast stuffed with fontina cheese and spinach in a fantastically delicious rose sauce than I have at, say, houlihan's or whatever Shenanigan chain you can think of for half-assed nachos and a sloppy turkey club.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,2/21/2009,528,372,10,14,13>Blink and you may just miss this tiny store in the City of Brotherly Love! Walking through the aisles brings back nostalgic memories of when I was in Indonesia myself. Staple foods such as Indomie and all sorts of Rotary crackers can be found, as well as hard to find munchies such as emping (chips made from melinjo nuts) and Kukagumi brand chips.Prices are comparable to the other Asian groceries in the city, but what makes Ramayana Store stand out is its welcoming vibe and the rather extensive selection of imported goods.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,2/20/2009,25,48,7,9,8>disclaimer - i grew up and still live one block from sarcone's, so i definitely have definite opinions. however, i hate to invalidate people, but someone below commented on the sesame seeds being an odd touch. sesame seeds are actually pretty common on certain types of italian bread. and italian bread is supposed to be dense and crusty, not soft. but i digress.you cannot possibly go wrong if you order one of the following: the junkyard, the uncle louie, the classic italian, the old school italian or the spinach hoagies. the hoagies here are spectacular, though get them to share since they are incredibly filling.fyi - if you don't like sarcone's bread my other three favorites are ianelli's, cacia's and faragalli's. guaranteed one of these will make you happy. :)
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,2/19/2009,82,230,2,10,7>This standard metal cart is covered in potted plants and copper pots. Steam billows up into the air. A pungent aroma of garlic and grilled meat extends over the entire corner of the street. No doubt the most attractive cart in the city.Order one of two things: sandwich or platter. What you will get is grilled chicken, falafel, and whatever else he has in the cart that day. He dances, sings, hums, tells stories. It's like dinner and a show, and you can expect to get a couple of acts because you WILL wait to get your food.You can ask for vegetarian (no chicken), and I believe you can request hot sauce. Ask for any other variation, and I hear he'll throw you out of the line. Only open from 11-2 on weekdays.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,2/18/2009,69,303,6,18,10>This place is totally awesome!  My boyfriend's sister got married here in August, and it was definitely the best wedding I've been to in a while, largely due to the winery itself.I first went to Rose Bank with my boyfriend and his parents last fall to check the place out (after his sister had chosen it as the site of her nuptials).  The vineyard is small but very pretty.  It has a very old, stone barn that they preserved and turned into entertainment space, and the main vineyard building, where the wine tasting, store, fermenting, and more entertaining takes place.  Surrounding the buildings are fields (complete with sheep) and the grape vines.  It's classic Bucks County at its best (although it's next to a school, which takes away a bit - but not too much - from the pastoral aesthetic).  On that first trip, after checking out the accommodations, we all tasted the wine, as much as we wanted for free.  It was pretty good, I have to say.  If you like sweet wine, their specialty is fruit-flavored wines, like strawberry, blackberry, blueberry, etc.  I like dry reds, but I did really like the strawberry wine a lot.As it turns out, the winery is a great, stress-free place to get hitched.  They provided their main building for the reception and the barn for the pre-reception cocktail hour, and they provided all of the wine for the wedding at a good price.  And they'll even buy back bottles of wine that weren't used at the wedding if you want.  Other than that, my boyfriend's family was free to bring in whatever caterer they wanted, buy their own beer and hard liquor and bring it in for the reception, hire their own DJ, etc. etc.  Most places make you use their caterer or DJ, which of course winds up being more expensive than if you brought your own, so it was really budget-friendly of the winery to let them do whatever they wanted for food, booze, etc.  The groom also built an arbor for the wedding, which the winery very nicely allowed him to put up the day of the wedding in front of the grapevines.  Everyone working at the vineyard was just very nice and laid-back.As for the wedding itself, it was just beautiful.  The bride and groom took their vows in front of the grape vines, across the lawn from the historic barn.  It was a gorgeous day, and the outdoor wedding was absolutely perfect.  Then, the cocktail hour in the barn was very classy, and the reception in the main building was a total blast.  The bar that's set up for wine tasting worked perfectly as the bar for the wedding, and there was just enough room to pack the place with tables, a buffet, and a dance floor.  All in all, this is a great place to get married if you're looking for a picturesque setting and a budget-friendly, stress-free venue.  And even if you're not getting married, the wine here is very good, so it's worth a drive out to Newtown to see the vineyards, hear how the wine is made, and taste some darn good vino.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,2/17/2009,2,12,2,7,3>Honestly, this place might be the best burger in town. Kinda not expecting much in terms of beefy goodness, but also figuring that I wouldn't go wrong, I ordered the burger with bacon and English cheddar. Yo. Served pretty simply with tomato, lettuce, and some really delicious grilled red onions -- honestly, I'm getting hot and bothered thinking about it. That's not to discount what else is on the menu (the wings are really great too -- fresh, not frozen -- and the only other thing I've eaten), but the burger is my jam.Atmosphere-wise, it's a good space: long bar, big open windows, lots of TVs for the Eagles and Phils. Beers are my drink of choice, and it's nice to see a place that's not too pretentious to have Miller Lite on draft (and Brooklyn Lager) good for downing after one of those burgers (there it is again). There's an upstairs, that might not be completely open yet, but would be perfect for group gatherings. Outside seating is copious for the warmer months. The crowd is mixed and not nearly as xenophobic as other reviews have mentioned.Great new spot in a neighborhood that needed it -- I'll definitely be back...
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,6/20/2014,425,275,10,18,8>I forget which comedian said it but he was asking how one would explain Appetizers to starving 3rd world countries." Yeah, we'll its kind of the meal you eat before you eat your meal..."A crazy concept. At home, if I so much as eat a saltine cracker beforehand, my dinner is ruined, but when we go out we can't shove enough in our mouth.So I was meeting a friend , who lives by Exton and after checking Yelp, we agreed on The Pour House. As we entered, I realized that this is where Cheeseburger in Paradise used to be. I felt that Pour House is definitely an upgrade, before I even left the lobby. Nice, wide open place perfectly lit, with ample TVs. You get a massive list of draft and bottled beers. Our comely waitress came to the table so quickly that I had to send her away so I could study the beer list(s). I settled on a Lagunitas Brown Sugga on draft, which I was disappointed in. The name and description let me to believe that it would be on the sweet side, but it was a little citrusy and bitter. My friend got a bottled Vanilla Porter that I chose as my second beer. It was wonderful. So back to the subject of Apps. PH has the usual suspects of the Nacho/ wing variety but they also have a section of mini apps, which were perfectly portioned and priced. We ordered the pretzel bites, which were nothing more than store bought in the freezer section but served with a great cheese dip and the chips and dip which seemed to be store made kettle chips with French onion dip. Again, while sparse and simple I found it to be a perfect appetizer and we had both for under $8. I'm pretty sure I saw cocktail weenies on the menu too. That's a win.It seems their other specialty besides beer and light bites are Burgers. This was all part of the plan. There were so many good ones to choose from. Every time I saw one and decided it was for me, I scanned further and had to change my mind. I discarded my usual advice of keeping it simple the first time around by getting their signature " The Second Coming " burger. This decision was made once my friend said he was paying, ha! The burger was great. I'm not normally the kind of person to eat a burger with knife and fork but I couldn't pick this sucker up. I forget all that was on it but it was a delicious mess. I saved some of the pretzel cheese for my fries which was a fantastic idea with regards to Chickie and Pete's.Overall, the Pour House experience was a winner, without putting us in the Poor House. ( see what I did there?). If definitely return again and again if this were in my neighborhood.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/19/2014,141,264,8,20,12>This place is PERFECT!!!!!! Let's discuss why. First off when you walk in you are immediately taken by the adorable atmosphere.  This shop was designed by someone with an extremely high taste level.  Notice the light fixtures and containers when you go in. It's spacious, airy, comfortable, and yet very cool! Now the menu is great - they have tremendous HEALTHY breakfast options and I can't wait to stop by in the AM on my way to work to get something awesome! I had the chia pudding with fruit and a reanimator coffee w Brazil nut milk.  They also have quiche, cookies, porridge, huge beautiful looking salads, lunch dishes that were so fresh and colorful and pretty much everything is organic and 100% gluten free - this is not how I typically eat but is always how I want to eat!  This place will make it so easy for me to step up my healthy game.  What really got me was the availability of freshly pre made  food, so you can eat in with so much seating and space or in my case - grab and go when you're on the move. This spot is perfect for anyone looking to enjoy high quality food in an extremely convenient way!Plus it's delish! The food was awesome! You can tell they care about their ingredients and presentation and the environment! All their packaging is compost able and the staff is very friendly and very informed.Now to seal the deal - this is *officially* the only place in Philly to do all organic cold press juices.  Finally - Philly caught up with like the rest of the juicing world - organic is the absolute ONLY proper way to juice and I am now going to be able to put my juicer away and buy from PS! So thrilled with this new vegan, gluten free, healthy, organic, perfect addition to center city / rittenhouse.  I'm so thankful yelp / twitter celeb Laura Jill S. Brought me here! She knows all the hot spots!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/17/2014,194,169,8,16,11>Hands down best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, and definitely among the top 3 roast pork sandwiches in Philadelphia.I know, I know. Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia? That's saying a lot. Well, it's true. Everything you've heard is true.This place is a little shack on Snyder near Columbus. You could probably drive by several times and never give it a second thought. But, that's part of the charm. JRP is no-frills, unapologetic, gritty Philadelphia cuisine. You won't see any cheez whiz here, but the sharp provolone will make you forget all about that science experiment in a can that some of the other guys try to pass off as cheese. The service is quick, the ingredients are fresh, and who doesn't love the ambiance of eating at picnic tables? I'm telling you, if you haven't been to JRP yet, you're seriously missing out. Go there. Now. Cash only.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/16/2014,36,84,9,10,8>Earlier today I diagnosed myself with anemia. I've been tired for weeks and I was getting a headache, so I decided to treat myself with a pork burrito. (Or maybe I just wanted an excuse to eat some meat) I ordered the poblano burrito on grubhub and picked it up a couple minutes later. And holy crap--this place is the definition of a hole in the wall. The place was empty, the steps out front are a little jankity, and the sign could use some cleaning. If I had known what the restaurant looked like there's no way I would have ordered from here, but I am so glad I did! The poblano burrito was filled with delicious pulled pork, chunks of pineapple, rice, beans, and avocado. It also came with red and green sauces on the side, but those definitely weren't necessary. El Sabor Poblano is my new go-to Mexican restaurant. #poblanoforlife
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,6/15/2014,204,269,9,16,8>Ohhhhhayyyyyyyyyyyyyy Welcome to America! I usually say welcome to the neighborhood but proudly this time I'm welcoming you to the fine U S of A.I waited in line to check you out. First day free burrito day was a bit much and I had to give up.  It happens you're the new hot chick in school everyone is trying to get a vibe on. So I waited to make my move.  Friday lunch of Memorial Day weekend, I figured I'd slide right in when everyone was out of town.  Well not totally the case. I waited in line a bit and when I got to part where I ordered I totally froze! I didn't know what to do. So my friend got the Crunchy (shrimp tempura) in a bowl and I got the Suma (steak) in a roll.  I had every intention on going Slammin Salmon but I choked.  All the ingredients look nice, clean and fresh.  Staff is super friendly and excited to be here. I'm curious on a few things on the menu so this time my friend and I agreed to split the chips and wasabi guacamole. While I was checking out you had a few samples of your juice.  Wowzers sweetness to the max. Very kind of you but I think I'll stick to my water.There are no chairs/tables so we went for a walk in the park and ate there. All in all I liked what we got.  The whole time I kept asking myself what does my meal assimilate most with Mexican or Japanese? I don't know. I don't know.Crunchy Bowl was nicely put together and easier to eat than a roll. The pickled mango and spicy mayo are a nice compliment. Sumo Roll was very good.  I opted for the pickled mango as a substitute to asparagus. The steak was nice, tender and not overly cooked. Chips and Wasabi Guacamole are more about the chip than the guac.  There wasn't much guac for the price and it wasn't anything all that different.  I will say the chips are outstanding.  They are the real deal if you need legit chips and don't have time to run into your go to spot. Both the roll and bowl portions were of good size. There is the ability to go "Go Zilla" which is to add more protein and such to your meal (super size it).Things I want to try next time:Crunchy (shrimp tempura)Slammin SalmonMexicana - well I want someone else to order it and I just want to try a tasteSweet Corn Tempura (side)I completely agree that this is not Japanese burrito - this is a hand roll sized burrito.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/14/2014,189,417,3,8,4>The family is in town, and what better way to cap off an exhausting day of trekking around old city and sight seeing than a wonderful and relaxing dinner at Zahav?The restaurant is easy to find, and I had already parked my car in a lot about 10 mins walk away from the other activities we were doing earlier in the day. I had reservations and the table was ready for us even though I was 15 mins early. I loved that there was sparkling water as an option with regular water, and our waiter Jeff was so nice I almost wanted to hug him. He was so knowledge about all the dishes-he even knew what the dish was of an empty plate we had cleared and eaten (he could tell which dish it was from the crumbs!) I was very impressed with him.My family of 4 decided to do the tasting menu- which was salatim and hummus starter for all, followed by 8 mezze courses, 4 al ha'esh dishes, and 4 deserts. I calculated thats about $10 cheaper per person than if you were to order the dishes ala carte. The salatim was a bit salty but the 5-8 small salatim dishes were all excellent. We ordered the turkish hummus and it was the smoothest, buttery, garliciky thing I have ever tasted. I wanted to drown in it and forgo the rest of the meal. Noteable mezze dishes for me were the fried califlower, duck heart, beef stew, the chefs complimentary "sweetbread" deep fried animal organs! The al ha'esh dishes I really liked were the rib eye and the branzino. Eggplant was also very good.The deserts-well after all that food we couldnt really handle it, but we liked the ice cream sandwiches and the chocolate cake a lot.Overall a wonderful experience. I hope I can go again someday.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,6/13/2014,312,582,5,11,7>Friends told me the food at The Goat's Beard was awesome, but a bit pricey.  To me, awesome eats trend to be pricier, so JJ & I ventured down for dinner.The first thing I noticed was the place has come a long way from Thomas'.  Yes, I realize since it was Thomas' its been a revolving door of restaurant and bar names, but none of them had staying power and I never managed to check any of them out.  Back to the point, the place has been cleaned up and could be called fancy now.  We both felt a little under-dressed, but it still is just main street so we rolled on.We were promptly seated for our reservation and our waiter was on point.  He described the specials and even made recommendations.  The best part was that his recommendations seemed sincere and not out to guide us to the most expensive items on the menu.  We ended up ordering the fries Carlos style, Steak mac & cheese, and the day boat scallops plate.At first, I had to disagree with my friends who said the Goat's Beard was pricey.  Once the entrees arrived I could see what they meant, as the portions were slightly undersized.  Don't get me wrong, I didn't leave hungry.  More importantly, awesome was a perfect description of the quality.  The Carlos fries were unique and tasty, the mac & cheese cheesy as can be, and the scallops cooked to the right level with just the right amount of melted leeks.Overall, an excellent date venue with a balanced value proposition (quality, portion, service), which I can safely recommend.  Enjoy!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,6/12/2014,80,481,5,12,5>Excellent pho, while not as large as other places I've been there are just as much packed into that little bowl as any other dish.  This means that there is less broth, which depending on who you are, might be a problem.  I usually leave about an inch of broth in the bottom of the bowl when I am stuffed, so this doesn't bother me in the slightest.  The spring rolls were terrific, they did not have too many noodles in them, as some places tend to do.  The peanut sauce that went with the spring roll was some of the best I've had.  This may be the best appetizer of all time.  I could eat an entire tray of these.  If I was ridiculously wealthy, I would hire someone to make them morning, noon, and night.The bahn mi was pretty great, the pickled vegetables were exactly how I wanted them.  Now, this was small, so be prepared.  I was craving something a bit more after the sandwich. The jasmine tea was dessert, too sweet for my taste, but the lady likes it. Small menu, but this is what small businesses should have.  The prices are where they should be, they deliver to my house.  I just wish they were open later.I love the idea of a small, low overhead, family owned Vietnamese place right near my house.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/11/2014,19,134,6,11,7>In my humble opinion, this place serves up the best Cheesesteak in Philly! It's a little hard to find, and totally unassuming from the outside, but once you take the first bite, you'll know you're in the right place!No chicken steaks here, just good old beef and at least 1 lb of it at that! The steak is chopped up very small and smothered in cheese. I order mine with extra provolone, fried onions, and mayonnaise. It is a religious experience, and not one to be undertaken lightly. This lunch will carry you through dinner and maybe breakfast the following morning.Gooey's is cash only, and they close early evening (No late night eats here!) If you are hosting out-of-towners bypass the tourist traps and bring them to south philly for a real authentic experience!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,6/10/2014,157,121,3,8,5>Outstanding atmosphere with 1920s Jazz and beautiful tile and wood paneling. The cocktail list is impressive, and while the draft list is short, every selection is quality.This place is great for happy hour, a date night, or to start off the evening. The waitstaff is friendly and clever. Things move comfortably slowly here. Settle in and enjoy.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,11/23/2009,146,222,1,10,9>Delicious takeout!  What a surprise for delivery in Rittenhouse!We ordered our standard - saag paneer (spinach w/ cheese) and tandoori chicken with garlic and aloo naan.Our food was still piping hot when it arrived and the price was just right (approx. $30).  The portions were so large, we had enough for dinner the next night.I can't wait to visit the restaurant in person.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,11/22/2009,425,275,19,21,17>It was as if Homer Simpson was guest starring on Mad Men, but here I was, enjoying lunch at Butcher and Singer. I think, if I hadn't been with a regular B&S pro, Id have been turned aside quicker than a Giants fan at the Linc.- I kid, i kid,- they were an extremely friendly and accommodating group, from busboy to manager. Our server was as efficient and competent as she was adorable. It was a treat to be regarded so warmly. The decor was like being on a movie set for some fabulous movie directed by Orson Welles. Lots of marble and wood, with a charming mural of dogs, that would have been at home on both Al Bundy or Don Drapers wall. Im something of a burger connoisseur, and I can say with inflated authority, that B&S serves up one of the best burgers in Philly. I had heard that there was a burger special, and at under $10 , I thought it was a good deal...until I was told that the special is over and it used to be $5. That is as unreal as I can imagine for a place of its stature, who could easily charge $20 for that gem. The fries were just OK. I prefer them larger, but with a burger so intense, I consider them an above average garnish. We needed a little sweet to offset the large smack of savory, so we settled on a slice of chocolate cake. Its hard to impress a baker, even a bad one, but this was a pretty decadent slab of dessert. It only took a few bites to satisfy and it was equally as good leftover ( *cough* 45min after I got home) I wonder if Ill ever get the chance to go back. Based on the quality, and the relatively cheap prices, I think its a given. I think my usual lunches of the drive-thru variety just got their walking papers. This place is Homer Simpson approved!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,11/21/2009,35,58,10,12,12>When I was in college, living in Pilam, we used to compare the house to "The Pit" in the movie PCU (youtube.com/watch?v=1iGs, if you haven't seen it.)  Pilam might be the odd man out in a row of Penn frat houses, but that's kinda the point.I stumbled upon Pilam my freshman year of college, after feeling vaguely offended by the droves of mini-skirt-clad, Coach-handbag-carrying-roofie victims spilling out the doors of other frat parties, and was surprised to hear the Silver Jews playing inside (on the stereo of course -- Pilam has some pull, but Stephen Malkmus is an elusive guy!)At the time, Pilam was absolutely disgusting -- the house was condemned, and caving it on itself; the indoors reeked of cigarettes, 2-month-old pizza, PBR and asbestos; and walking around upstairs (in the filthy, dark blue hallways) there were definitely areas of carpet with no floor underneath, and I often feared tumbling to my death -- or worst, having to use one of the nasty, crap-encrusted, foul-smelling bathrooms.Yet...nonetheless, pilam was -- and still is -- a gathering place for artists, hippies, hipsters, musicians, and people who just don't fit in. It's a low-key, open environment, and everyone is welcome -- come as you are. Every Thursday, from 10 to 2, there's happy hour, foosball, maybe some Live-AIDS DVD-watching, and general rocking out.Oh...AND THEY THROW SHOWS!!!!!!  Pilam shows are as eclectic as the people who frequent it -- the Low Budgets, of course, are regulars; as are Brooklyn's the Subjects; Stinking Liz; A Place to Bury Strangers played there twice, as well as Vivian Girls, Elf Power, Wesley Willis (yes, it's true), Q and Not U, the Extraordinaires, Brown Recluse Sings, and just about every local band you can think of...Each year, it all culminates in HUMAN BBQ -- 14 hours of live music,  a shitload of beer, burgers, veggie burgers, and tons of general debauchery -- if you go to one pilam show, go to BBQ.Finally: in the past 5 years or so, the house has been torn down and rebuilt from the ground up. It's definitely much, much safer now, but you have to wonder if it maybe lost some of its charm...
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,11/20/2009,2553,1314,13,20,17>I have finally experienced the awesomeness that is Xochitl.  Reluctantly, after several seasons of passing up on Restaurant Week, I decided to give the promotion another shot.  Xochitl has made me a believer again.  My friend and I arrived slightly early for our 7 p.m. resie but we were escorted to a table immediately.  Our water glasses were filled and bread was dropped off with two buttery spreads.Our server, whose name escapes me, was wonderful throughout the experience.  When she asked to take our drink order and I handed over the recipe for a "Skinnygirl Margarita," she didn't bat an eye although she did let me know that their regular margaritas are made only with tequila, fresh lime juice and a little bit of simple syrup.  No sour mix, no triple sec, no hidden agendas; just honest ingredients, served over ice, with a rim of salt.  I ended up taking her word for it.  (For the record, one Skinnygirl plus two positively delicious Xochitl margs equals three sheets to the wind, minus any trace of a stomachache, which I almost always get when I drink margaritas anywhere else.  Hallelujah!)  The food was glorious.  For our first course, we both chose the tortilla soup.  Large bowls containing cubes of cheese, slices of avocado, tortilla strips and dried peppers were presented to both of us.  The broth was poured on top, tableside.  I really enjoyed this dish, although my friend and I agreed that the dried peppers had a curious taste.  She didn't like them, I was intrigued by them.  Next, we both ordered the octopus, mackerel and shrimp ceviche trio.  Each was served atop a little fried tortilla round.  I have been daydreaming about the octopus ceviche since I awoke this morning.  It was easily the most tender, well flavored octopus I have had (sorry, Mr. Garces).For my entrée, I chose the squid hot pot, which was another win.  When the lid was removed from the pot, tender rings of squid in a spicy tomato sauce appeared before us.  I have to say, the dramatic presentations really made the dining experience special.  The woman seated next to me ordered a stuffed pepper that was so beautiful it could have easily been pictured in a food magazine.  Meanwhile, at our table, my friend had food envy as she was experiencing mixed feelings about her skirt steak (which I thought was good, although it was served lukewarm).  For dessert, my friend had the churros, which came with three dipping sauces.  One of my favorite things in life is the right to choose several condiments to go with a meal and this presentation was right up my alley.  Fortunately, I had my own dessert to tackle; an appropriately sized mini chocolate soufflé with a mini scoop of cajeta ice cream alongside.  Perfection.Our experience last night wasn't just great by Restaurant Week standards; it was great by any night's standards.  What a truly fantastic meal.  When our bill was dropped, along with a plate of mini biscotti (delish, by the way), we were also each given a $10 card to use any time before November 31.  My dining companion and I are already discussing what we will order on our return visit!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,11/19/2009,2946,2194,13,24,22>Came to dance, but stayed to listen.A friend visiting from out-of-town suggested L'Etage. It was a weeknight so street parking was simple, and there was no cover.Walking upstairs, we stumbled upon an erotic story salon. We enjoyed ourselves: we laughed, nodded appropriately, and a friend yelled encouragement. A bartender poured us wine, and gave me a hefty pour of vodka and pineapple ($7) - smooth and tasty.On certain nights, L'Etage hosts story slams and sketch comedy. On other less-cerebral nights, they turn themselves into a hopping dance venue, DJ and all. Note the douchebag-to-intellectual ratio tends be higher during these nights.From their stage to the lounge's rouge accents, L'Etage exudes elegance. This venue is a romantic choice for a date - complete with cozy nooks - and a classy spot to grab a drink.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,11/18/2009,828,1172,7,19,15>5 Stars for what it is, and 5 Stars for what it's going to be. Does that mean I can give 10?For the longest time I followed that the owner of South Philly Tap Room was going to open up a cafe that hook up delectable coffee offerings from one of my favorites, Counter Culture (mealticket.blogs.citypap). and even better was the fact that it wasn't only going to offer one of my favorite vices, it was going to offer TWO of them by doubling over as a beer store as soon as it procured a liquor license (ultimocoffee.wordpress.c). And while one of those goals is still a work in progress, the coffee shop is very much alive and might just be one of the best in the city.as soon as I walked up one of the South Philly roads that is less traveled for me and saw my destination, I became enamored by it's outdoor seating and garage door that opened to combine the outside with the in. the incredible decor expanded with church pews and antique window fixtures hanging indoors. I also made note of the many refrigerator units that will one day hold mass quantities of delectable beer.The iced chai that I initially order made for the perfect relaxed wake up call during a hot day. and the coffee that I ordered afterwards embodied a dark richness to it's body that was fully accentuated by the drip method that they utilize. and the lemon square that I ordered along with it was sheer perfection. Overall the staff were friendly and extremely accommodating, and the atmosphere made for the perfect environment to have our book club in. It looks like Ultimo is a place that I'll be visiting for a long while to come!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,11/17/2009,46,28,12,10,8>The Cantina has elicited many feelings from me over the last year: disappointment, hatred, rage.  But mostly confusion at the management's insistence on understaffing the outside seating area. (Seriously, just one more server would make more money for everybody!)However, lately I have settled on the feeling of LOVE.  And that is basically due to the frozen watermelon margaritas and vegetarian quesadillas.  You see, when that cold pitcher of booze and fresh watermelon arrives on the table, I quickly forget I waited almost 20 minutes just to order it. And with each earthy, cheesy bite of the mushroom and huitlacoche quesadilla that I smother with the addictive smoked crema, the memory of my friend finding a cockroach in his steak burrito becomes ever more distant.So, you know what.  I've made peace with their many inadequacies.  And so too have many others, because the place is always bumping.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,11/16/2009,250,550,11,10,9>If you (1) love beer and (2) have a juvenile sense of humor, then The Irish Pol is phenomenal.  I possess both those qualities in spades, and so I like it a lot.Forty beers on tap?  And almost all of them are $3 during happy hour?  Yes please.Boobie bingo*? And a gold bikini party on Carrie Fisher's birthday**? Again, how could you not love this?The only reason I'm holding back that final star is because the food is just typical fried bar food.  Its good, just not enough to net a perfect score.* Which is exactly as exploitative and awesome as you are imagining.** Ditto.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,11/15/2009,29,60,5,8,6>Su Xing is my favorite lunch spot in center city, and a contender for my favorite Chinese vegetarian restaurant in Philly (yes, there are actually quite a few -- ah, the modern luxury of choice.)For $6 or $7 at lunch, you get:*your choice of approximately twenty entrees (I am drawn to the seitan options, myself)*choice of soup (love the hot and sour)*choice of side (options include spring roll, seaweed, corn, and a bunch of other stuff)*abundant brown rice, and *endless refills of jasmine tea (which tastes like perfume to me, but lots of people love it).  The amount of food for the price is, frankly, ridiculous.  And then, if that wasn't good enough, Su Xing is actually pretty attractive inside with lots of dark wood...and since they knocked down a wall and opened up the dining room, there's plenty of seating too.  Oh, and the staff is friendly.  Really, what more could you ask for?
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,11/13/2009,286,176,22,27,25>this is not only my favorite indian restaurant, this is my favorite restaurant in all of phildelphia, hands down. i say that in part because it is the only restaurant that i have frequented on a regular basis over the past 13+ years. it's hard to put into words what i love about this place...but i shall try...my first new delhi experience was october of 1995, yet it seems like just yesterday. i was a freshman at drexel, and a sophomore friend who was helping me with a film class project suggested we get some take-out while watching movies. he called in an order to new delhi and we trekked from powelton village thru penn's campus in the cold. i was bitter about having to walk so far to get our food, wondering why we couldn't get something closer, or better yet - delivery! after walking all the way back in the cold and then unwrapping the tightly sealed packages with nearly frost-bitten fingers, i pretty much would have been satisfied with anything. i wasn't satisfied. i was blown the eff away!since that first experience (tho not my first indian endeavor, mind you), i have ordered off the menu a mere handful of times compared to the number of visits where i opted for the buffet. now, i am not one for buffets as i generally am weary of the vats of food sitting for long periods of time, however, just as the clientele at new delhi is constantly turning over, so does the food. in one short visit i have seen the naan replenished 3 times - that's a lot. the staff on the other hand? talk about low turnover rate...i gather this must be a family operation because i have seen the same men working there since '95.and the food, oh the food! while the buffet items are typically not as spicy as ordering a la carte...i have been quite grateful for the pitcher of water left at the table on many an occasion. as i'm the type of eater who takes a bit of this, and then a bit of that, and often mixes flavors and sauces, i can never be sure which was hot and which was not, but who really cares? all are tasty, and that's what matters.my favorite dishes are the malai kofta, gobi masala, palak paneer and [sorry, i don't know the exact indian name for it] the vegetable pakora in a lemon chickpea sauce...tho i have yet to have anything i disliked here. at least 2 of the above items are always on the buffet when i go in (typically on weekends) as well as naan, basmati rice, samosas and of course a few meat dishes...ya know, if that's your thing.since the renovation about a year and a half ago, they have also been offering rice pudding (on the side, next to the salad bar), but you still get your choice of dessert as well as coffee or tea along with the buffet, which is already a steal at $9/lunch, $12/dinner. i'm a sucker for gulab jamun and kulfi, tho lately i have been filling up on my food and haven't had the room for it - sacrilege, i know! speaking of which, who else remembers when the front/waiting room housed a sweets counter? man, that was some good stuff...what can i say? i have requested to be taken here by my bf on special occasions ... i have driven out of my way to come here when other options were closer/easier ... i have opted to see movies at the bridge over other theaters in order to dine at new delhi ... i have been eating here for nearly 14 years! clearly, i love this restaurant, and if you haven't tried it yet, well, what are you waiting for, a UYE? if so, you're in luck - check the events page! yelp.com/events/philadel
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,12/7/2008,8,35,3,7,5>This place is a true South Philly lunch counter.  They call themselves "South Philly's Best Kept Secret" and I am reluctant to blow up their spot.Come in here for breakfast or lunch and let Sue cook it up like your surrogate Italian mother.  Nothing is fancy, but she takes pride in what she does and keeps things interesting with specials.All the South Philly staples are good here.  Just soak in the flavor as the locals banter and Sue's tiny elderly father struggles with the deli slicer.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,12/6/2008,11,37,4,4,4>Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean. Clean.Did It mention that it's clean? Nothing peeves me more than a washing machine covered in dried soap and dryers decorated with the lint of a thousand pairs of strange underwear. This place is practically spotless. They've even put fucking art up on the walls. Art in a goddamn laundromat!? It's like I've died and gone to laundromat heaven! The staff is very friendly (unless you try to walk in after "last wash"). Free Wi-Fi is a great idea. Almost as great a the Jazz they play over the radio! Go on a Tuesday. The wash is only $1.25. (Wednesday, too.)
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,12/5/2008,5,16,12,6,7>I admit it; I like the new Deck Tavern.I admit it; I went to Drexel and I frequented New Deck a ton.I admit it; I have a ton of sorta-memories from there during college besides the rubbery steak fajita's and the authentic spiteful Irish wait and bar staff. I admit it; Their half-price late night food menu kept fuel in our tanks during the leaner times during school.I admit it; We nicknamed the manager "Timmy the Tooth". Its a dick move - but he is missing a major one in the front. C'mon, somebody has to tell him.I admit it; I got hammered and used to yell "Go back to Jersey" at the Karaoke MC on Tuesday nights for the better part of the Spring of 2004. I admit it; Its more than just Ironic that my karaoke songs of choice were Bon Jovi more often than not - especially taking into account that disparaging remarks focused on the great garden state flowed freely from my mouth on a regular basis. I admit it; the name of our Quizzo team was "Penn Sucks - go and study". Funny at the time, but I am just thankful I own my own business now, or those Ivy leaugers would still be haunting my dreams. Smug bastards.I admit it; We absolutely waited until the lights came on one night and as the one bouncer was sweeping with his "staff" collared shirt off, we stole it.I admit it; We ran into my full-on dutch Psych 102 professor there one time. He called us pussies for asking him to do a shot of Jaeger with us - so we did vodka upon his request. An hour later he fell down the back stairs while trying to leave the out back entrance. If we weren't so wacked from his "manly" vodka shots we probably wouldn't have laughed as hard as we did and could have assisted him - but we were doubled over laughing just too damn hard.He def made crazy dutch noises all the way down the steps and he def missed class the next day and showed up for Friday all bruised up. He is European though and absolutely found the humor in the fact that he got sloppy and fell down the bar steps after drinking with his students albeit after the fact.I admit it; Since I graduated from Drexel a while back I think I have maybe been to New Deck once. My car got broken into while I was there and I ran into my ex. It was a sign.I admit it; I like new deck tavern, but I think I am safer east of 30th st as I live out the remainder of my days.Through the eyes of a college kid: 5 stars.Through the eyes of everyone else: 3 Stars.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,12/4/2008,31,33,21,19,10>I feel like a bit of a creep giving my gynecologist a 5-star review, but there are worse things in life... like, 2-star gynecology.  Not only is it great to enunciate the various syllables in Dr. Iddenden's name while he's probing your innards, he's terrifically charming in a non-threatening, Australian sort of way.  This was my first experience with a gentleman lady-doctor, and it was as good as this kind of thing can possibly be.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,12/3/2008,20,130,21,72,71>oh hi, this is my new fav store ever. i could live in it and still find something new and beautiful to touch and look at everyday. it space is open and clean. the mix of brick and wood mixed with the soft lighting is completely flattering and inviting. the clothing is to die for! everything is organized and visually pleasing. i wanted to touch everything! i had to clasp my hands behind my back the entire time bc i didnt want to get anything dirty haha. the mix of vintage and modern was set up wonderfully. the cute vintage shoes displayed neatly along the ground with the cute vintage handbags displayed neatly along shelves above the clothing kept my eyes moving. the woman working was so nice and fun and wonderful. she was really great to chat with! i def couldnt afford anything here but Sugarcube got me really excited and inspired for clothing and style in general.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/2/2008,153,103,10,14,11>Caffe Aldo has been around for years...and years...and has always been one of the "better" places for awesome Italian (and Northern Italian) food.  The decor and ambiance is a definite 5-star and the service is always top-notch.  This is a place that you can actually get "dressed up" if you want and you don't stand out (unlike many other restaurants these days).  They have a great little bar area that is set apart from the dining area so you feel like you're in a little lounge of your own.  They also have banquet rooms for weddings, functions, events, etc.I actually had my wedding reception here years and years ago.....and a baby shower was given to me at this same place.  I still have the baby but not the husband.  One out of two isn't bad....so it wasn't totally bad luck!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,12/1/2008,60,150,5,10,9>While I was at Four Seasons Food Court, I realized that I hadn't yet had my sushi fix that I desperately needed.  Srsly, I needed sushi for, like, a week.  My friend and I were waiting for a third friend and we told him we were on a mission for sushi.  I was about 30 seconds from heading over to the Liberty Place food court to get my eel roll on, when our third friend said "ohmigod!  I know of this place around 22nd & Sansom!"  My response?  "Wait...  Is it Vic Sushi Bar?  I've heard really great things about it from Yelp!"  Yelpers, you have led me in the right direction.  I can normally inhale three or four rolls at a time, but the Vic Sushi Roll is the first roll that filled me up right away.  DELISH!  It's this yummy shrimp tempura monster roll of goodness.  (It's a shrimp tempura roll with....LOBSTER SALAD smushed into the top of the roll.)  My friends got regular rolls and were raving about how yummy their own lunches were.  (Though they both were staring at mine....I thought I might have to be completely tacky and shank 'em with a chopstick!  :))  It was so good that I was gobbling every spare grain of rice that fell off of my roll.Absolutely yummy and I wish I lived closer to Rittenhouse so I could partake in Vic all the time.  I can't wait to go back and lunch there again!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2008,11/30/2008,51,94,13,5,4>Pattysteak!Pattysteak!Cheesesteak man!Fry me a steak as fast as you can!Chop it!And cook it!And mark it with some whiz!Make ten steaksFor my wife and kids!(insert belch here.)
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,11/29/2008,24,87,,7,6>I spent a while wondering what was happening inside Butcher and Singer. I'd been a longtime fan of Striped Bass and was curious about how that space could be improved. It has been. In spades.We've eaten lunch twice at Butcher and Singer this past week. We tried a large set of the menu, and what I can say is, "Wow."First, Butcher and Singer is set up like a throwback classy restaurant like from the 40s. But it's not that Capital Grille stuffiness or pretentiousness, it's the Brown Derby for Philly. The waitstaff is dressed in bow ties and long aprons. There are really comfy leather banquettes that hold 5 or 6 easily. Their leather armchairs are just as good. Oh...the food.Yes, the food. Look, have the filet mignon. We've had five of us there twice, and we all agreed that the filet is the best filet ever. It's seared and finished in butter. (I'm drooling about it right now.) The Delmonico was great -- thick and tangy. We had the burger -- a real monster made from dry-aged beef (who ever had that before) that's worth the money. We've had the whole trout, which was broiled in a lemon sauce and accented with capers. The lobster BLT was tangy and tasty. Same goes for the prime rib sandwich. We have to get there for dinner soon...I really want to try the steak Diane.Oh...the desserts are outstanding, too. Best cheesecake -- the real kind -- ever. It's light and really well done. The carrot cake is sweet and gorgeous. And the Baked Alaska -- wow. Just wow.I know I didn't describe all the food like a foodie...I'm going to add another review after I've eaten there 10 times. But I would say that Butcher and Singer is a really great addition to the Philly restaurant scene.One other thing -- Gina, the General Manager, is also outstanding. She's really enthusiastic about the restaurant and what its intent is. It's a joy walking into a place where the GM is out among the patrons and clearly loves her job and the place. Many points for that -- it tells me that place is really going to be a huge success.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,11/28/2008,202,329,6,4,5>this venue is small, and feels totally d-i-y.  or like, you had some friend with a really big basement and you went over to listen to some high school band, you know, cause, like, you have a crush on the lead singer.for the bands, please stop trying to flick the lights off and on as part of your lighting effects...it just doesn't work!and the acoustics...man the acoustics...i think the place would have been much better suited to lots of fold out tables and old people yelling 'bingo!'if i were 15, this is the place to go for shows...and i'm glad that there's a cute dirty little all ages venue...hence the 4 stars.except now when i'm there, i feel like a mom.  next time i'm there, i'm totally yelling 'bingo!'
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,11/13/2011,436,385,7,8,9>i can't believe it's taken me three years to finally come here. yup, three years i've been in the city, and i only JUST stepped foot inside nan zhou a few weeks ago.after hearing so much hype, i was afraid these noodles wouldn't meet my expectations. but oh, i was wrong. even on a hot august day, the piping hot bowl of beef noodle soup really hit the spot.the price IS cheap for the quantity and quality of both the beef and noodles you get here. personally, i prefer the hand-drawn to the knife-shaved noodles, but neither can be considered my favorite. the texture is a tad on the rough side, but if you let them soak in the soup for a while, they become softer and more flavorful. mmm just the way i like it.my only complaint? too much cilantro and green onions, yuck. also, the zha jiang mian was a little less... traditional than i expected. a little more soupy and a little less pasty than i'd like, but still delicious nonethless.my favorite was actually the spicy pork ear as a cold appetizer dish though. i could eat that for days on end. i love the chili oil it was marinated in, but at $7.99, a tad on the pricey side given that half the dish was radish filler underneath the layer of pork ear.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,11/12/2011,103,41,22,9,16>To the people that gave this place a low rating....you just don't get it. This place is AWESOME. Yes, it's dirty and trashy and you probably don't want to sit on the couches. That's the charm! If you want to go to a nice upscale place where you don't have to duck when the ladies on stage take a spin on the pole and the bathroom hallways don't make you feel like you're going to witness a drug deal gone wrong, then go somewhere else!!Strong drinks, shady crowd and stories that will last...well at least all week. The Republican is the place for Philly's underbelly to go, look at some boobies, get drunk(er) and be sleazy.Stay classy Republican. We love you.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,11/11/2011,136,204,6,7,6>In a word, lovely.Turn of the century aesthetics. This translates to dark wood and dim lighting - provided respectively by organically mounted panels and candle jars suspended from a network of ropes. Live piano from a man dressed in pre-zoot attire. We all know how I feel about this kind of atmosphere.And the beer selection - wonderfully eclectic. A bit steeper on the price than elsewhere, but whatever. The atmosphere is worth the price bump. I had the Der Dolle Oerbier at the server's suggestion, and it was quite tasty. Had a hint of a zing that was somewhere between citrus and lambic, but without the sweetness of the former, and the yeastiness of the latter. They apparently also feature the nano-brews (how do you describe a smaller yield than micro-brewing?) from local brew masters' personal stashes. Last night's sign said the next one was coming soon, so I'll have to check out this person's invention.I will definitely be back. This place makes me want to dress up, slick my hair back, and put on a fedora. It's that cool.The only drawback was that service was a bit spotty through the night - I think two servers weren't sure who was actually taking care of us because they were also dealing with a very large group to our left. They both had a good sense of humor and were helpful, despite taking a bit longer than I'd have expected. No biggie. I'd say If you're in a rush, don't come here, because you'll want to stay.Check this place out. You won't regret it.Pro-tip:If you're coming here just to drink, it can be pretty reasonable, price-wise. I'd say shy away from the house specialty cocktails and have the expert bartenders try their hand at making your personal favorite. Then again, if you don't know much about cocktails, go ahead and order one of the specials.Bonus points: portraits of naked ladies in the rest room. Win!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,11/10/2011,331,353,8,7,7>If Harry Kalas was the voice of my childhood, then the Head Nut is the smell.  Does this make me biased?  NO!The Head Nut is amazing.  I don't like tea, but they have a lot of varieties.  They have fresh coffee, but I never tried any.  They have a plethora of sauces and marinades, but none have passed these lips.What they do have is a lot of snacks in bulk.  Literally.  In BULK.  I guess this place can be a bit confusing to some, but here is the deal.  Peruse the goods and decide what you want.  Pick up the container of nuts or candy that you wish and take it to the counter to be weighed.  All of the prices are clearly labeled.  They also have pre-weighed things like dried fruit and candy.  I personally love their dried mango.  The best I have ever had since it doesn't taste chemically.  Also, I love their roasted nuts (he he).  They also have spices galore to be weighed out for your needs.  Oh and this is one of the few places I can get Halvah. Yum.  Oh and they have great cake decorating sprinkles and whatnot.  Remember those silver balls your mom used for Christmas cookies, but then you heard you shouldn't really eat those because they poison you...yeah, they have those...in gold too.Oh and it is all cheaper than any super market you have been to.  Also, since everything is in bulk, you are helping the world with less packaging.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,11/9/2011,111,109,10,7,8>Percy Street really likes it in the can. True, it's a little different than the normal delivery method and you might need a few drinks and a trusted partner to convince you there's nothing dirty or trashy about trying God's back up plan, but my bet is that you'll like taking it in the can as much as they do after one visit.It's because the beer selection is that good. Forgoing bottles entirely, their tinny aluminum options are enough to satisfy the most discerning beer geek. Try the absurdly refreshing (and local) Pikeland Pils to cool things down from their small collection of hot sauces.As my general rule, pig gets the top billing of barnyard barbecue so when in doubt, stick with it. The pulled pork is good enough to eat without any sauce and the pork belly is a winner, too, even if the coleslaw is a bit runny.The sides are reason enough to stop in. The mac and cheese is prepared as well as you can hope: Creamy, not borderline soupy, and dusted with extra crunchy breadcrumbs, the delightful equivalent of redneck croutons.  Thinking Germans did potato salad like they did comedy, I ordered the German potato salad based entirely off Yelp suggestions, ready to berate you all as palate-deaf, Groupon-carrying mouth-breathers. But I can't. It was my favorite dish of the night.It'd be easy to write this place off because of the suspiciously clean, Stephen Starr-feel to the decor. But give it the old college try and spend a night experimenting with Percy Street. There'll be nothing to be embarrassed about in the morning.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,11/8/2011,195,334,6,8,7>So much hype......and so much success! Federal Donuts is an experience. Philly and Twitter are on fire with it and as I discovered this morning, with good reason. The line out the door at 7. The cashier so friendly and seamlessly processing multiple orders demanding infinite combinations of coffee and donuts before sunrise on a Saturday. The counters made of recycled surfboards. Beneath them, fold-out stools cleverly tucked away. I've seen complaints of limited seating. It is, but not as bad as its been made out to be. There are seven to ten fold-out stools and a very spartan concrete bench in the window.The donuts are great but lets start with what's epic: the coffee! Wow! It has this unforgettable sweet delicious flavor. I decided against interfering with it by adding milk or sugar. As for the donuts, let's start with the fresh:They take a little while. I didn't mind as I sipped my coffee and enjoyed watching people mixing real donut batter, a sight far too rare in America circa 2011. I started with a vanilla-lavender. Great combination of sweet flavors. The Appollonia and Indian Cinamon are OK but I would rather just have a plain donut out of the fryer. I will probably ask for one next time. Perhaps this will be the start of the Federal Donuts secret menu. As for the fancy:They are stacked in racks behind the counter just like cupcakes at Magnolia Bakery in New York. If you are in a hurry, I would just order them as they are ready to go. The best of the bunch is the honey almond. Its just a bit wet and has perfect sweetness and taste. The key lime is another top notch winner. The filling is great and the graham cracker crumbs on top are the perfect finish. The nutella-tehina-pomegranate was my third favorite. Just like with the key lime, the filling is great. The orange blossom pistachio is good and I would probably kvell over it, but it is hard to impress after bites of the others. When I tasted the coconut pineapple, I wished they stuck to just coconut. The most meh of the bunch was the chocolate raspberry. It looks beautiful but I was hoping for a chocolate cake instead of a chocolate coating. I'm sure its multiple times better than a Dunkin Donut but it was a low point at Federal Donuts. One day I will try the chicken. For now I hope they open at 5:30 so I can get some and still be at work but 7:30. Opening a second location on Easton Road in Glenside would also be appreciated.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,11/7/2011,73,80,6,11,6>DH woke up Sunday with a craving for "diner breakfast." It was Father's day, and I'm mighty fond of crispy fried potatoes myself, so who was I to deny him? A half hour later, we were settling in to a booth at Tiger's. No wait, even with the holiday; the place was busy, but not packed. Tigers does diner right. In fact, they do Mom and Pop they way you want Mom and Pop to be. When people speak of it as something nostalgic and desired; not as kitsch, but as clean, comfy, fresh and good.... this is what they mean. From the laminate ad-top tables, to the glass brick, to the lunch counter check out with assorted candy, local newspapers,  Kiwanis Club mints,  and whirling ceiling fans. I must have missed the rotating pies; but I'm confident they were lurking around somewhere. A "good" diner experience, just cannot be replicated in the corporate sphere; no matter how many prefabricated tchotkes get hung on the wall.  My omelet (egg substitute with goat cheese, spinach and fried onions) was fluffy and came with crunchy hash-browns and rye toast. The Hubs and the Kid had French Toast (thick, not too eggy and with a hint of cinnamon) and split a fruit cup. They serve syrup in squeeze bottles, which got major points from me as those little pitchers are perpetually sticky and have a high *ick* factor. The only *meh* moment was the coffee. I've had institutional coffee, this was gov't issue coffee concentrate all the way. I'm subtracting a star because, hey; diners NEED good coffee. It's in the manual. A note to parents of small children:  highchairs are available, but no "entertainment" is. (crayons...etc).   Pack some, or be prepared to make jelly packet towers.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,11/6/2011,996,928,33,19,18>You never know when you are going to have to climb up a rope. Philadelphia School of Circus Arts can show you how to do this.Real life situation number 1: You are in a cavern in Hawaii. You've retrieved the jewel-encrusted sceptre that O'Malley had hidden there years before, but the narrow opening to the cavern has collapsed. Your sidekick, Felipe, has thrown you a rope from the opening. The only thing that stands between you and freedom is 200 feet of rope and open air. You begin the ascent with ease.Now aren't you glad you went to Philadelphia School of Circus Arts?Real life situation number 2: As you are climbing, you hear a rumble. Mount Klauea is angry and has chosen a terrible time to vent. The tremors of the volcano shake the entire cavern, sending rocks and debris falling down upon your shoulders. A boulder the size of a boar hits your pack, tearing the nylon straps. The sceptre begins to fall. You wrap your legs around the rope and go upside-down, bracing the rope with your left and reaching out with your right. With perfect form, you catch the sceptre and continue climbing up. Even amidst the din of the crashing rocks, you can hear Felipe applaud.Now aren't you glad you went to Philadelphia School of Circus Arts?Real life situation number 3: You can smell fresh air. You have 20 feet to go. You hear signs of a struggle and Felipe's smiling face is suddenly pulled from view. The grimacing visage of Hannigan appears."Give me the Sceptre or Felipe dies.""Damn you Hannigan!" You shout.He holds a bowie knife against the rope and one of his cronies sends down a trapeze."Tie the sceptre to the trapeze."You know that you have nothing to bargain with. If you don't comply, then you are surely dead. You can hear Felipe shout in protest. He'd be willing to sacrifice his own life to make sure the sceptre doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Oh Felipe...always more bravery than brains.You affix the sceptre to the trapeze and his men begin to pull it up."See you in hell," Hannigan sneers as he cuts the rope.You leap onto the trapeze and begin to swing. The men holding it slide along the ground and struggle to keep you up., knowing that they'll lose the sceptre if they let go. Hannigan draws a pistol and begins shooting. BAM! BAM! BAM!Bullets whiz by your face. You go into a birdcage and flip under the bullets. After 6 shots, he runs out of ammo and throws his gun at you. You easily dodge and focus your momentum to swing up to the opening. You land on solid ground and turn to your attackers, anger welling within your chest.Hannigan and his men flee. They know they are no match for you.Now aren't you glad you went to Philadelphia School of Circus Arts?--Treasure hunting is just one of the many practical fields that will utilize the lessons you learn from this school. I've taken the intro to aerials class and I'm seriously considering signing up for one of the more extensive weekly courses. It is a good workout and you learn a skill set that may come in handy one day. The intro class also makes for a fun, unique date idea if you are at that comfort level in the relationship(seriously it was like couples' night when I went). The instructors are very polite and professional.So yeah, bottom line - good workout and unique fun.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,11/5/2011,189,417,7,13,10>WOW. I am in awe of Zeppoli right now. I honestly cannot say I have been more emotionally attached to any meal in a long long while. Is 6 stars possible? You know how some places do get that 5 star rating in your mind, but it's like a "you-barely-made-it-to-five-stars" kind of thing? Well from the moment I stepped into the door, I already KNEW it was going to be a 100% 5 star kind of evening. Everything they said, did, and served just blew me out of the water.It all began when I read Michelle C's review. She had me at Sicilian fisherman's stew, and tagliatelle al limone with prosciutto. I called the restaurant the same day and made a reservation for a few weeks later. They only have 12 tables and that was the earliest weekend they had available. I live roughly 45 mins away, and more with traffic. Since I'm pretty noob at navigating in NJ, I naturally got lost on the way to the restaurant, and was 20 mins late for my reservation. I wanted to call to warn them and apologize as I normally do when I am late, but did not have the number and the combination of being lost and not being able to call just made me feel annoyed at myself. By the time I got the restaurant, I was frazzled and also extremely pissed that the bottle of wine (this is a BYOB) I had gotten for the occasion was sitting on the kitchen table...at my house. The server was all smiles when I walked in, and the restaurant was already in full swing with almost every table full except one. Each table had a bottle of wine, which only made me sadder. When I profusely apologized to the waiter about not being prompt and then jokingly mentioned something about being the only one without wine in the whole place due to my idiot self, he just smiled and said, " Sounds like quite a mess coming here! I want you to relax while I get you some nice wine pairings for your meal from my private stash, and also please take your time and enjoy the meal, dont worry about rushing because you were late". It was as if an angel with a Golden Harp was playing music in my ears! I instantly relaxed and the wine parings were amazing! A white for the apps I got, and a light red for the main course. All on the house! I didn't know service existed like that anymore. That one comment and 2 glasses of wine earned them a big. fat. tip. which more than covered what 2 glasses of wine would even cost if it were on the menu. Money knows no bounds with kindness.On to the food. Amazing. I think you will drool when looking at the pictures. I would try to describe the things I ordered but I know I could not do it justice. Homemade pasta. Luxurious olive oil drizzled on our bread. Rosemary. Perfectly ripe and flavorful red tomatoes. Anchovies, Lemon! A tastful and rich balsamic. Tender chunks of fish, melts in your mouth lamb. Perfectly salted prosciutto. Tangy dried orange on creamy cannoli. Lightly whipped pineapple sorbet. Let's just say for me this meal was pure heaven sent. My bf and I both enjoyed all the things we ordered so so much. I would love to come back SOON!!!!!!  Just know that this experience is so much more than just eating. It is the pure enjoyment of flavors, essence, company, homecooking, traditional Italian fare, and a wait staff that you'd like to take home with you...or party with. Absolutely Outstanding. Bravo, Zeppoli, Bravo! Mi Amour!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,11/4/2011,350,249,3,8,6>It took way too long to pay a visit to this place. It's about two blocks away from where I spent two decades of my life, and only a mile or so away from where my parents currently live.That being said, I really don't expect anything great in this area at all.I was wrong. This place has probably the best fried chicken (wings) that I've ever had. I'm a wing purist most times and breaded wings are usually an absolute no-go. That's irrelevant when it comes to these absolutely fantastic Korean style fried chicken wings. I really can't think of fried chicken that even comes close to these wings.We had the spicy and the soy sauce, both were amazing.I'd have to pay a few more visits and check out the rest of their menu and get a general feel for their pricing and service before I upgrade to the full five stars, but it's headed there.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,5/8/2011,50,114,4,7,7>Oh yes, Reading Terminal Market is just about as good as it gets. I'm actually sitting right in the middle of this establishment as I type this and I've been entertained for the last 15 minutes by a wonderful pianist going away at her piano. Even at 10 in the morning, there is a good crowd of people at the Reading Terminal Market and there's a nice sense of hustle and bustle. Onto the goods: There's tons and tons of vendors here. From bakery treats to good ol' mac and cheese, there's enough food to make you walk out the door 15 lbs heavier. On top of that, I think if you look hard enough, you could probably find nearly every kind of food here, or at least find damn near all the ingredients to make any kind of food you happen to be craving. I thoroughly enjoy their selection of meats, fish and produce but have no fear, candy lovers! Their sugary delights are also ridiculously fantastic. There's a candy vendor right across from my current seat and I can't help but to keep eying up their delectable display of chocolates and other sweet treats. All in all, it's reasonably packed on the weekends but definitely a place to walk through, if not shop through when in town!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,5/7/2011,279,288,9,12,11>It's been nearly six months since my first review and I gotta say, I'm still head over heels for this gym. I'm kinda bummed that there's only one rowing machine (I'm now addicted to it) but I don't really see where they could put additional ones so that's all right.Friendly employees are still friendly, those who don't crack a smile still don't crack a smile but that's cool. One of the locker doors hit me in the face today but that's cool too.Anyway, I'm updating today because I took my first class! Pilates! Spontaneously!I walked into one of the studios after a kettle bell class (oh! the stench) to stretch after my cardio. I was confused when a woman sitting on the mat asked me if it was my first time. I thought she was talking about the gym in general but as we chatted I figured out that a pilates class was about to start. And so I decided to stay...It was great; the instructor was awesome (too bad she's leaving) and 45 minutes flew by. I left the gym feeling energized and happy.Um, next time I'll pants instead of shorts.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/6/2011,31,71,9,10,10>I was tired - tired of fighting my naturally curly hair with flat irons, chemical straightening (Brazilian something or other and the Japanese rice method [tried both]), and most tired of wasting time on this Sysyphian task. I was ready to let my hair do its own thing and give up the quest for the super-sleek bob. I needed a change. I had 6 months of pony tails post-shower and no haircut under my belt when I walked into Fringe on Friday. Roberta took down my pony tail to reveal a mess of wet from the shower mangled mop of hair that I could only describe as being "pirate-like." Yes, like a pirate - the Johnny Depp one, unkempt and a little crazy minus the beads. I told Roberta my mission and expressed my fears that my curly hair, once unleashed, would make me resemble Mustafa from The Lion King. This happened the last time I tried to go au naturel. I have a round face and I didn't want to add fullness where fullness should not be. Roberta listened - really listened and then set about working. She took her time, which I appreciate, and she explained to me in great detail how to care for my curls to get salon results at home. No stylist has ever been this patient and informative with me. She gave me a great cut and it is now Monday and I can repeat her work on my own. No more pony tails, no more pirate hair - just lovely curls and a great cut! Also, the price for all of this was very reasonable and a lot less than I have paid in the past. I am thrilled and I will be back!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,5/5/2011,85,187,6,6,8>I went to Zama late on a Saturday night with a group of about 15.The decor is simple and clean, but not plain.  The slatted walls and the interesting design on the ceiling set it apart from other restaurants with minimalist decor.Our server handled our large party with ease.  She was friendly, didn't seem stressed or overwhelmed, and was willing to offer suggestions.  Our dishes came out quickly and were all delivered to the correct person.My husband and I shared the fried pork dumplings - perfectly uniform, piping hot, crunchy and flavorful.  They were served with a wasabi soy sauce, which was a little spicy for me, but I found it to be an unnecessary flavor addition anyway.  Others at our table split the edamame sampler.  The wasabi salt became the immediate source of conversation.  Of course all the manly men began beating their chests and demonstrating how much of the spicy salt they could tolerate on a single bean pod.A few at my table decided to share one of the sushi combinations.  It was presented in a huge jade-colored saucer, what my brother-in-law referred to as a "birdbath of sushi."  The entire thing was "chef's selection," but nothing seemed to be too daring; crowd-pleasers like Philly Roll and Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll flanked the dish, while various pairs of fresh, compact nigiri were scattered between.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the variety.I decided to go with the Justice For All roll, one of their signatures.  Tempura snow crab wrapped in soy paper, topped with tuna tartare, wasabi mayo and black tobiko provided one of the most perfect unions of flavor and texture I have ever experienced.  Not typically a tobiko fan, I was surprised at how unoffensive the black variety was - tiny, not overly salty, no creepy pop in your mouth.  Like I said: perfect.I am definitely looking forward to another visit.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,5/3/2011,17,91,3,9,5>FINALLY!  Bodhi Coffee has opened (right next to Xochitl and Cafe Nola)!  Brewing Stumptown coffee that includes certified organic and direct trade beans, Bodhi Coffee brings the Headhouse Square neighborhood socially responsible coffee and tea. It seems as though they've thought of everything to support local businesses and minimize the carbon footprint involved in bringing coffee to you - repurposed glass made into light fixtures from Mount Airy, pastries from Artisan Boulanger Patissier in South Philly, cheeses from Hillacres Pride Farm, organic waste removed by Bennett Compost, tea from The House of Tea on 4th Street - I imagine the list goes on and on, but I stopped asking questions so the staff could take the time and care to brew my coffee.  I think they are even working on biodegradeable cups. Heck, you can bring your own mug to go even greener.Try the hand poured coffee with a bagel with spreadable fromage.  Getting a cuppa here (and some water for the pup) will complete my Sunday morning strolls through Headhouse Square Farmers Market.  Bodhi Coffee, you have made mine runneth over.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,5/2/2011,144,305,3,6,4>Mazag Cafe - I can't believe I haven't reviewed my go-to neighborhood coffeeshop.  Dahlia is one of the nicest cafe owners/baristas I've ever encountered.  The coffee is strong, the pastries are awesome (croissants come from that yummy place along Passyunk and the baklava is to die for) and their Mediterranean specialties are amazing.  The ingredients in my Greek salad were fresh as can be.I noticed they have gazpacho and I will definitely be trying that next time I'm here for lunch.  This is the perfect place to spend a day with a book, the laptop, or with friends before a game of bocce in Bardascino Park.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,5/1/2011,189,352,4,7,6>Is it weird that Fante's is one of the reason why I love Philly so much? I accidentally stumbled upon this store thinking it was a small kitchenware shop. Hello, huge!!!! A girl loves when that happens.If I ever tie the knot I want 90% of my registry to come from this magnificent store. I mean they have things not just casual cooks need-- like it's not all about gadgets-- they have very sophisticated tools that above average chef would need. As a self-proclaimed above average baker, this store rocked my socks off. And yes, that is a compliment.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,4/30/2011,130,211,5,4,4>Dim lights, a sweetheart of a server, swingin' jazz from a live band, makers mark manhattans, friends. this is basically the ingredients for the best night ever.Many drinks were had while watching a friend perform last night at Chris'. We didn't order food for a while, but our server didn't seem pissed that we were only drinking. The cover was $5 (you're paying for live music, unlike some other clubs where you're basically paying to just be allowed to be there), which was included in the final bill. We had a nice cozy table close to the stage.When we finally decided to order food, we ordered off of their late night menu. What did we decide on? Well, Lauren D. and I are HUGE mac & cheese fans (constantly on the search for the best in the city). Well, I think I found it. We ordered the mac & cheese sampler. Three different kinds: truffle, bread crumb, and prosciutto (I couldn't eat the last one as I'm a vegetarian so I can't comment). but OH MAN TRUFFLE MAC & CHEESE WAS LIKE THE HEAVENS OPENED UP AND LO AND BEHOLD WAS THE BEST MAC & CHEESE IN THE CITY. i think i even heard some angels playing trumpets.yeah, stuff is a bit pricey here but whatever. We felt swanky and had a fantastic time.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/29/2011,132,306,2,5,5>OK, I get it now.  This is not just a bar, it is a cocktail EXPERIENCE.  We returned on a more popular night of the week and actually had to wait 5 or 10 minutes to get in.  This of course is something I usually rage against, especially when it's 25 degrees outside, but I was outvoted.  In retrospect, I am glad I was.I had the Samhain, which was phenomenal.  It came in an old-fashioned glass with one titanic ice cube that looked like a glacier in the middle.  This is, I believe meant to keep the drink at a uniform temperature, and not melt very quickly.  Well, it works.  And I am converted.And everyone else loved it too.  Now if we could only go there when there is no line...
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,4/28/2011,52,69,4,9,5>People go to Cafe Soho for the incredible spicy chicken. DUH. And sometimes for the bubble tea, sometimes for a combination of spicy chicken and garlic chicken, but really, what I'm saying here is... it's all about the CHICKEN. Spicy, sweet, incredibly crispy, finger-licking good chicken. HOWEVER, I am about to blow your mind. Recently, I tried the Pizza Donkatsu. I was skeptical - could this be good, really? Answer = YES. Donkatsu is breaded fried pork cutlet and they execute it here to perfection; the breading is thin/light and crispy, while the pork is juicy and flavorful. I'm actually not sure what kind of sauce or condiment accompanies the regular donkatsu dish, but why would you order that when you can have the pizza version! Topping the pork cutlet is melted cheese, tomato sauce, diced ham, onions, and green/red peppers. The cheese is definitely what makes this different from any other pizza style dish you've had before. It's super melted - almost as though there is some cream (or dare i say it, mayo) mixed in with the melted cheese concoction. If you've ever had a Korean pizza-topped pastry, the flavors are similar to this Pizza Donkatsu. At any rate, if you're at Cafe Soho, of course f course of course get the wings. It would be silly not to. Just get an order of this as well! Insider TIP re: the chicken wing order quantity, the menu says $20 for 20 wings, but usually they allow you to get a 1/2 order so you only get 10 wings for $10. Obvs, it's better to get more wings because they are delicious, but just an FYI in case you want to save room for the Pizza Donkatsu.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,6/17/2007,12,6,2,6,5>Whether you dine on a weeknight or the weekend, be sure to arrive early enough to sit in the bar and enjoy one of Francisco's amazing Margaritas served with the flair and theartrical precision of a rare pro.This really makes the 15-20 minute wait fly by on the weekends.The dining area is clean, bright and hand painted with traditional Mexican colors and country scenes. I've eaten the very best Mexican food the world has to offer and this place hold its own agaist them all.Service is impeccable, prices are reasonable and the staff is flat out warm like family.I can't say enough about this place except that I'm glad I can walk home in a pinch.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/16/2007,27,47,11,4,6>Satellite makes me feel like I'm 18 again. The patchouli, white person dreads, and punk patches put a stupid grin on my face. Located underneath the equally as awesome Firehouse Bikes, The Satellite is easily the keystone of the punkest strip mall in Philly. I mean, what more could a trainhopping crusty hope for? That strip of Bmore Ave is a punx picnic: A punk bike shop/coffee house, Tofu Hoagies 3 blocks away, A-Space and Mariposa, two accesible parks, access to the 34th St train yard and several houses to crash/see shows at. NO WAR BUT CLASS WAR!The coffee selection is fair trade and speciality grade and they make a good cup. The eats are tasty and the atmosphere is earthy, and one-of-a-kind. If its nice, you can sit outside in the patio and read your crew change or your 'People's History' or your 'Cometbus'. If you're lucky that cute Crusty with the snake bites will ask you if she/he can roll one of your cigarettes and you'll both get into a conversation about the merits of polyamory and its positive effect on feminism. But you both know that you are really flirting and polyamory is just a red herring. Later, you'll both hop on your fixed gears, grab some 40s from Pasqually's and head to the Church to see From Ashes Rise. Then  after that you guys will make out, then catch a hotshot on the fly to Baltimore, crash at the Barclay house and then hop on the fly to Denver. Or something like that.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,6/15/2007,49,99,5,3,3>whenever I walk in or even by Continental Midtown the old Beastie Boys classic starts playing in my head:Girls, all I really want is girlsAnd in the morning it's girlsCause in the evening it's girlsI like the way that they walkAnd it's chill to hear them talkAnd I can always make them smileFrom White Castle to the Nile...Pretty good food, cool atmosphere (especially on the roof), awesome drinks but the real draw is the scene. pretty girls and boys play dress-up, get drunk, and have awkward conversations. if that's what you're looking for - by all means go to Continental. Ask for table 137 which happens to have the best view of the place: order some fruity drinks and over-priced apps, and socialize.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/14/2007,427,1076,2,3,2>I think one of Philadelphia's restaurant industry's strong points is that there are plenty of BYOB's. I think La Viola is one of the better ones. The service is quick and friendly; the kitchen is accomodating and the value is close to unbeatable. I had the artichoke soup (wish I was eating it right now) and the Fish of the day which was a simple dorado fillet with black olives and tomato. It was a bit on the mild side but I think my taste buds are fading due to the abuse they receive. The place is cramped but what do you expect at a BYOB? It's also a great way to meet the people sitting next to you.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,6/13/2007,161,111,,4,2>One of the few modern sushi places to check out in Old City. Nice interior decor, relaxing lounge area on the second floor. Great to chill for a happy hour or a nice relaxing dinner. The sushi rolls are ok, but there are better ones out there for much cheaper. The calamari was pretty good, though. I also tried out raw shrimp... that was a pretty interesting experience. I'm not sure if that's available daily... it happened to be one of the specials that I had at the time. Overall, it was pretty good, but it's an expensive place to eat Japanese food. I'd just do it for the experience, but you can definitely get more for your money elsewhere.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2007,6/12/2007,180,288,1,5,5>The best cheesesteak on earth.  I can't speak to anything else they serve or any unusual preparations, but their cheesesteak with onions or sauce is my favorite in the whole city, and is certainly a cut or two above of the places that you'll see on TV.When I go back home, I always make a trip to Dalessandro's, but they are only open half the time.  Some days they close early, sometimes they'll close for a weekend, or a whole week- so call ahead.  If you're going out of your way- if you are a tourist, this will be out of your way, make sure of this.  If you do get burned, the place across the street ain't bad, but you're looking for the best, aren't you?
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,6/11/2007,15,58,2,1,1>Hands on the floor, the best bar in West Phila. This bar is a church, and its where i go when i need to pray. Though, if you don't live in walking distance, just stop reading. You don't want to come here, and you'll only get angry when you show up.  If you live in west philly and you've been here, you know what im talking about. So, bascially this is an insiders reveiw for anyone living in west philly who doesnt know about the bar - or - someone planning on moving here. The inside of the place is pretty tight, and when its packed, you feel it.The outside is basically just a bunch of patio furniture strewn about this way and that. They're always out of they're good beer, and the bartenders can't hook you up with booze because they use an ez-bar system that pours out exact drinks mL wise. Also, half the older regulars are half crazy, and if you get locked into a conversation with them your nights over.   After you go a few times, you'll start to get it... need it. Its the kinda place that makes you happy to live where you live.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,6/10/2007,27,16,,3,2>One of Philly's most enjoyable dining experiences.Effie's doesn't look like much when you first walk in, but request to be seated in the courtyard or in the other dining room out back (an intimate & cozy dining room area with a fireplace) & you will be pleasantly surprised. It feels as though you've stepped out of Philly and into a small restaurant in the Greek countryside.Great place for a dinner date. The food is delicous, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2006,6/9/2007,10,36,3,4,6>Doobies wins the prize for the smokiest local in Center City.  But taking a shower to get the smell out late at night when you get home good and buzzed can be fun.  Aside from the smoke-factor -- which, admittedly, is an integral part of the vibe, Doobies is quality... great for a weekday night when you're not quite up for Bob & Barbara's.  Solid crowd too -- there always seems to be just one table free when you come in.  On the menu, I recommend the enticingly priced pitchers of lager.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2007,6/8/2007,114,391,8,13,7>You all better have bet for our Wildcats for March Madness!The first time I visited this school, I was like, " No way am I going here. Everyone looks like they are from a J Crew catalog." But then I got accepted, and I though, "Well, might as well!" High standards, I know.Now I am all about it. Let me tell you why:PEOPLE: Yes, there is an overabundance of "vanilla" and a lot of people are affluent and their parents/siblings are alum. But don't be deterred by the orange-tanned, blond haired, popped-collared faces. Everyone here is a blast, and besides, that latter group I just described is not everyone. You have to search for the down-to-earth people, but they are there.CAMPUS: Gorgeous. A major reason people come. It is an arboretum, and sometimes families or tree aficionado take trips to the compass to collect leaves, etc. It is pristine, clean and there are tongs of places to tan/study.GREEK: There are frats/sororities, but we aren't allowed to have Greek housings and there is no drinking on campus (ha). So don't expect wild and crazy times like you could get at Miami State.RELIGION: Seriously Catholic, and those who are not will notice, but you can get away with it. The only down fall is that two Theology classes are a requirement no matter what your major.HOUSING: Junior year apartments are amazing - there are tennis courts, sand volleyball courts, soccer fields, etc. Frosh and Seniors expect to learn how to decorate cinder blocks.CLOUT: No matter where you go in life, or what job interview you are at, expect to here "Oh I know someone who went to Nova. . . " or "I went to Nova...." or "Let's go wildcats".
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/6/2013,192,426,,7,6>I'd say the description of "gourmet dive" that has appeared multiple times on these reviews is largely an accurate term. What better way to spend an evening than with some bands you already know/some bands you haven't heard of, and some excellent brews. I'll bet you didn't know that the chefs here make ALL their sauces homemade (e.g. teriyaki and hot wing sauces, bleu cheese, garlic aoili, and more). Limited entree options for vegans however the kitchen will work with you if you want the black bean burger on a bed of lettuce, for example.Other information you may not know:- 50 cent wings at happy hour (5-7pm)- half priced drafts at happy hour 7 days a week, bro- no cover for the bar, and many shows have tickets available at the door- daily $4 drink special 9-11pm bartender's choice- free street parking, plus a small lot- tv's in bar and projection screen in dining room showing local sports gamesThe next time you are thinking "what should I do tonight, I don't like the same old bar scene" pop on over and check out a show.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/5/2013,185,301,3,4,4>I went to the 10pm Saturday night show last weekend, and it was really a wonderful performance -- great people (off stage, too), hilarious routines, interactive sets, and an intimate feeling in the small three-sided theatre. The New Jersey Turnpikes VS the Pennsylvania Fighting Amish were really hysterical. At every turn, the audience had a chance to shout out answers, vote on moves, and participate in various ways. I made a huge mistake by pointing out my friend to jump on stage to take the lead in one act... and instead, I was pulled up on stage! I was the main character in a "Yes/No" game, and got my picture taken with the crew in the end. This place is BYOB and the tickets are fairly cheap. I'd definitely encourage anyone to attend to check it out.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/4/2013,180,143,12,7,5>DO NOT ENTER unless you have a culinary mission, a set amount you can spend, and are on a tight schedule. Do NOT look in your peripheral vision, be sure to resist all distraction, and DO NOT  succumb to the smell of delicious coffee from the cafe area. And regardless of what your impulses tell you, if you haven't used your waffle iron, ice cream maker, bundt pan or wine identification tags by now YOU AREN'T GOING TO.  If you are unsure where to head upon entering and you start feeling confused and distracted by silicone spatulas or beautiful collections of copper cookware, seek out a person wearing a green apron immediately. You will be directed wherever you need to go. A case of mason jars for the gifting of your homemade jams? Done. Novelty ice cube trays? OOOhhhh, well, let me show you THESE..... And if you'd like a pasta making demo, there'll be one at 11 a.m.            Well, you fail. AGAIN. You have now wasted 2 hours, $300.00, and are sitting drinking a butterfinger latte in the window looking out onto 9th Street. But look at the positive - your Christmas shopping is done. And you DID need a new motorized pepper mill.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/3/2013,65,158,2,6,5>PROS: Gigantic portions, tasty flatbreadsCONS: ?The complimentary bread and dip are awesome! Also, the appetizer portions are HUGE! If you love kebobs, falafels, and/or other Mediterranean fare, you will enjoy this place! At the end, make sure to get the "bottom of the pot" dessert. It's like a very smooth, silky, fresh pudding made in heaven!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,3/1/2013,140,94,1,9,7>They still have a few kinks to work out, but this place is going to be fantastic.I came to the Corner Foodery on day two of business with a coworker to grab a late lunch. When you walk in there is a register/bar area.  There was no one there, so we weren't sure if we had to wait to be seated, or if there was another place where we would be helped.  That said, we walked toward the back of the restaurant, past the *amazing* beer selection, and found a second register where we could be helped.They have a pretty good selection of Italian style sandwiches.  I ordered the Milstein (chicken cutlet with provolone and broccoli rabe), and my coworker ordered the the Meatball hoagie.  We grabbed two beers to drink with our food. The total was a little over $20.  The ordering system is kinda like Cosi, where after you order, they give you a lacquered number, and bring the food out to you when its ready.We grabbed a nice little booth in their restaurant/seating area.  They have a nice variety of seating options, including booths, tables, bistro seating, and a large communal table in the front of the restaurant by the window.  I have my eye on that back table for future happy hours with friends.What's also cool is that they have a "water station" in the form of taps, where you can help yourself to room temperature water (which is awesome for me cause I hate water with ice), sparkling water, or cold water. The station is not clearly marked though, so its a little confusing as to what it is if you don't ask.After about 5-10 minutes our food was brought out.  They only had enough meatballs for half of a meatball sandwich, so they let my coworker order half of a second sandwich (and comped him a free beer).  He ordered a pepperoni (hoagie).  The sandwiches were quite large, and pretty darn tasty.  I see why they were out of meatballs, cause that sandwich was amazing. That's their signature dish for sure.  My chicken sandwich was pretty good - it could have used a little oil or mayo.  When I asked for some mayo, they didn't have any readily available, so they gave me mayo in a bowl a few minutes later haha.  That definitely helped, and gave the sammie just what I needed.I wanted a "little something extra" with my sandwich, like fries, chips or something, but there was none to be found. They dont sell any other food or snacks from what I could tell.  They have a few sides on the menu, but they didnt really compliment a sandwich, as they consisted of artichokes, mushrooms ,or mozzarella. Those should be listed as an appetizer IMO.  They also have a cold display section that currently has just charcuterie meats in it.  I think they should have that as quick grab-and-go section.  I really liked this place for a Friday lunch. The atmosphere was chill, the sandwiches were good, and it was nice to relax with a beer.  I could see myself here after work as well, as a good spot to sit down with some friends and try a few new brews.  Will be back for sure!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/28/2013,37,39,8,11,7>I'll admit I was lured in with 1/2 price pizza deal on Tuesdays and wasn't really planning on venturing outside that comfort zone, but we were eating dinner with another couple and decided to order up a bunch of small dishes to share. We got the pork belly and the tomato conserva, which is kind of like a bruschetta. It was so sweet and delicious, I was reluctant to share it (especially since I was the one who ordered it last minute before the waitress walked away). And the pork belly - MY GOD! I have totally filthy, ridiculous, food-sex dreams about that pork belly. I just want it all the time now.The pizzas were great; wood-fired, nice crispy crust, great flavors. We got the quattro formaggi, the polpette (mint & meatball) and the speck & pineapple (with prosciutto). They set them out on these cool, big crushed tomato cans instead of those dinky little metal pizza stands like in other places. And their house white wine was a pinot grigio - my fav - so you can't go wrong there! (PS. 1/2 price wine bottles on Wednesdays, too)There are beautiful views of the Schuylkill from their patio bar, Fiume (Italian for river; see what they did there?). And it's not your typical South Philly red-sauce joint, so don't expect heavy pastas and the like (aka you can leave the stretchy pants home). There's also a bike lot, so you can refuel after your ride on Kelly Drive, and they're pet-friendly, featuring a puppy play area so you don't have to chain up your pooch to a pole while enjoying a glass of their great house wine or a Peroni. Wait - why are you still sitting here reading this? Turn the computer off/close your Yelp app and go now!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/26/2013,314,288,4,9,11>Beer selection, service, and drunk snacks are all solid. You've got a nice little view, a central location, and 1/2 price craft drafts at happy hour.  How many more things can I list in threes?Lots of seating, a pool table, darts.Deviled eggs, onion rings, spicy ketchup!I don't know what it is about this place, but it works. Perch pub is a place everyone can always agree on.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/25/2013,240,202,7,8,7>My only resolution for 2013 is to learn something non-scholastic this year. And, considering my proximity to a veritable cheese mecca, it almost seems silly for it not to be cheese.  So, don't be surprised to see me haunting the fromage counter quite often this year.  Luckily, the mongers of cheese at DiBruno are not only Pros as far as their cheese knowledge and expertise in suggested pairings, they're also some of the nicest folks out there. Not sure what a cheese is? Ask them, they'll explain (and give you a taste). Trying to compare two different styles for that dreamy cheese plate you're concocting? Let em know, they'll join you in taste testing both.  Just a little peckish before lunch? Grab a taste. Seriously, you don't even need an excuse.  It's wins all-around.  And, the thing is, even if DiBruno was limited only to the cheese counter, I'd be happy as a clam.Luckily (for all of us), there is so much more. Assorted meats for slicing and charcuterie, prepared EVERYTHING so that you can Picnic in the Park with ease and convenience. Their bakery department is always chock-full of carby goodness, and the desserts.... oh baby. Chocolates to please any palate, sweet cupcakes and cannolis, you could just ogle for days.  But, at some point, do yourself a favor and buy something.I know, I know, it seems pricey. But, as a great man (a fictional man played by Aziz Ansari) once (several times) said: Treat Yo Self. I don't think I could do all of (or even 10% of) my shopping for various foodstuffs at DiBruno (unless I stopped paying rent...) but, as far as a special treat when I'm gunning for gourmet, this is my go-to. And, chances are, if you're strolling around during lunchtime or on the weekends, you'll probably end up getting enough free samples to act as a gratis amuse bouche.  And who's not into that?
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/24/2013,251,198,1,10,5>After making a return visit here, I feel obligated to bump my review up to 5 stars, as Honey's has now claimed a spot in the brunch-loving corner of my heart.I was tempted to order the Honey Cristo again since I liked it so much last time, but decided to try the Breakfast Quesadilla instead. It came stuffed with ham, cheese, and scrambled eggs, with avocado sour cream drizzled on top, and beans and pico de gallo on the side. The bulk of the quesadilla was the scrambled eggs, which I really liked, especially with the avocado sour cream adding a great kick of flavor. Would definitely get this again!I also tried a little bit of my friend's Breakfast Bomb, which she ordered with chocolate chip pancakes instead of regular. The pancakes wrapped around scrambled eggs and ham were very, very yummy, and the chocolate chips were a great addition.They also make excellent challah french toast. My other friend couldn't finish her Honey Cristo, so I happily ate the rest of her french toast for her.In conclusion, a TL;DR list of stuff that Honey's does well:1) Things with ham and eggs2) Challah french toast3) Portions that are actually finishable in one sitting and don't leave you feeling like you're about to explode afterwards
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,2/23/2013,197,138,5,7,8>Oh man, am I a fan.I was very skeptical of how good a place that sells weird popsicles for $3 could be, but the strange flavors I kept hearing about just couldn't keep me away.Located on 44th, Lil' Pop Shop is a bright, happy gem in the middle of the dark (albeit delicious and full of awesome eateries!) street. The shop is full of bold colors and has a sharp, clean look that 44th street needed somewhere.Since these popsicles aren't cheap, I decided to just get one. There were SO many choices (seriously--check out their website and look at these crazy cool flavors.) After going back and forth for about 10 minutes, I settled on "Creamy Sweet and Salty Summer Corn," because like, come on, corn? I am now sold on corn-flavored popsicles. I was expecting it to taste something like popcorn, or else not at all taste like corn whatsoever, but somehow the popsicle /did/ taste just like sweet corn without being gross! There was a hint of creaminess and decadence to it too that just made the entire experience of eating it a wonderful one. My friend got a "Drunken Plum" popsicle and was equally pleased.If I ever find myself back on 44th (which should happen often,) I will definitely be stopping by Lil' Pop Shop every time my wallet can spare. Though I live near a Capogiro, and I've tried different frozen desserts across Philly, I really think Lil' Pop Shop is a force to be reckoned with, and is going to be serious competition! Because, gosh, just LOOK AT THOSE FLAVORS!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,11/28/2013,19,95,2,6,3>If you're looking for a little hole in the wall with good food and even better prices, Little Oley is the place.Seating was a little haphazard, since there isn't a hostess.  Only seemed to be two waitresses running around, but they were fantastic and on point with every table.Roast beef sandwich is life changing.  Only $5.50 ($6 with cheese) with chips, and worth every penny.  Daily specials are ridiculously cheap (shrimp, clams, hamburgers, sandwiches), and I would assume the drink specials are just as plentiful and penny pinching.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/27/2013,91,209,5,6,3>I normally don't even like buffets but went here with the parents. This buffet is way above the quality and variety of most buffets. Kobe offers sushi, oysters, shrimp, crab legs, a hibachi grill, a pho soup bar, ice cream bar. Easily worth the $13 for an adult.  I was surprised that the food looked so fresh. For sushi, the rolls were fairly basic so if you primarily want sushi I would head to Sushi Kingdom down the street. But, they have sushi chefs making the rolls during dinner so the sushi here is fresh. You also can't beat the price for the value. I don't know where these other reviewers eat at but one oyster at most restaurants is $1.75 with a half dozen being around $11. I had a half dozen and two sushi rolls which easily covered my buffet price...and then of course I had a salad, fresh fruit, and hibachi to round it out. Def worth $13.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/26/2013,55,290,,6,6>One of my favorite places in the city for Thai.  The food is great and they are able to accommodate large parties.  Recently I made reservations for 18 people with no problem and they offered a 3 course menu of appetizer, salad/soup and entree for only 15.95.  The service was fast and friendly and they let us bring our own birthday cake and had candles for us.  The only issue I had was that it was a bit hot in the restaurant, but they did have a circulating fan going.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,11/25/2013,204,269,7,8,8>Best meatball of my life. I am going to continue to try and figure out what is in those delicious balls from God.  Everytime I have a meatball from now on I'm going to be thinking of *those* meatballs. Ok now that I got that out, lets talk about the rest of Little Nonna's.  I could go on for hours about how amazingly perfect those balls were.We were some of the lucky ones... Saturday night reservations on opening weekend (thank you Lindsay H.)!  We were seated immediately. Although the restaurant itself is small... we had a good amount of table space and we did not feel cramped at our table.When it comes to the cocktails, this is really my only quasi-complaint. I'd almost it rather be a BYO.  There are four options for cocktails on the menu (two of which have Campari... so if you're not into that....). We had asked if you could just order a "standard" cocktail (like gin tonic or vodka tonic) but we were told that since the kitchen is so small all drinks are premade. Which (I will say), when they came out they were uber cute...  but in the end I think I'd have almost preferred a BYO. We ordered: B+V+P MEATBALLS - like I said before... best meatballs of my life.  I'm going to inquire if they do takeout and delivery (they're that good). Don't come to Little Nonna's and not get the meatballs.ROASTED FIG BRUSCHETTA - amazing! The sweet fig with the soft creamy contrast of the cheese made this a sweet with some savory bruschetta on top of mouthwatering bread. GARLIC BREAD - we needed something to mop up the sauces with.  What I love about this is it came with a head of roasted garlic to just smear on (my mouth is watering just thinking about it).TODAY'S STRACIATELLA - Ours was amazing... but given it's "todays" I have no clue what you're going to get... but I have a feeling it'll be a great choice.PORK BRACIOLE MARINARALINGUINE VONGOLE (which I was so busy hogging all the possible extra meatball chunks I was too full to even try).SPAGHETTI & MEATBALLS - seriously any reason to get more meatballs is fully indorsed by me.  I gotta believe most people skip over spaghetti and meatballs when at a restaurant... don't do that here. Please don't do that here... order these. Next time I'd like to order (a few things we didn't get):HEAD ON SHRIMP SCAMPI"HOT LITTLE ITALIAN"PEPPERONI MARINARA MUSSELSBUTTERNUT SQUASH LASAGNANONNI'S STUFFED SHELLOk so I noticed I basically just listed everything on the menu I didn't order the first time.  Clearly I loved my meal and experience here and hope to be back very soon.  Congrats to the chef and owner... they're doing something right. Can't wait to sneak on over there for their new lunch hours!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,11/24/2013,432,187,9,10,9>cd's, vinyl, cassette tapes (remember those?), dvd's, video games.... all of those. on shelves, in bins, in stacks everywhere. i've spent hours in this store over the years, and can never manage to leave without an armful of used CDs.backstreet boys for $2.99? you know i'm having a dance party in the car on the ride home. tupac for $1.99? gimme dat. skanking pickle, adema, NOW 17, 19, and 32, sublime, russian orchestral music, alkaline trio, mighty mighty bosstones, the aladdin soundrack... mine.  a walk through princeton isn't complete without a stop at the record exchange. and one stop here is never enough. ever.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,11/23/2013,41,87,3,3,4>"The Perk" isn't on the main road, so I don't think it gets the advantage of being near the Oak shopping center. It's very local (The first time I pulled up, there were people playing shirts and skins horseshoes across the street). The first thing I was surprised about is the interior space. It looks small from outside, but they have two bars, and a good bit of seating.The second thing I didn't expect was the food quality. The chili and tacos I had were quite good, and reasonably priced (the fish tacos being the best for $2). Their beer selection is small, but it hits all the bases. They have different happy hour and evening specials everyday. I'll probably go again for Thursday trivia.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,11/22/2013,43,198,2,5,2>I had a lovely facial with Lisa yesterday. She knows a lot about skin care and pays attention to ingredients in her products, something I value in an aesthetician.  Lisa also provided great massage technique, allowing me to relax while increasing circulation in my face and skin. I was impressed by the wonderful greeting I received from Emanuel at the front desk. This was a quiet setting in which to enjoy a relaxing cleansing facial.  The table had a warming blanket, and I was given a blanket as well. I think this made the whole experience more relaxing and peaceful. My only complaint - and I probably could have done something about it if I had just mentioned it - is that I did not like wearing my work clothes during the massage. It would be helpful if AOW had something to slip into or gave its clients an opportunity to slip under the blanket with a little less clothing to save us from wrinkling our clothes and sweating in them!  Next time I'll ask.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/21/2013,35,287,7,9,3>Just had my hair cut for the first time here after my wife informed me I looked like a hobo, i thought i had more of rockstar look going but apparently my lack of musical abilities makes the line between homeless and rockstar very thin.  I made an appointment online through their website which was very easy.  While they accept walk-ins they seemed to be pretty busy so I would advise making an appointment.  This is not to say I had trouble making an appointment, but the two minutes it takes to book online is worth it.Since I had never been there before I had no preference in who cut my hair.  I ended up with Gene, who is a nice guy, made good small talk, and did an excellent job cutting my hair.  I went with a photo on my phone of what I wanted.  I have which this a few times at other places, and this was the first time that a barber actually hit the mark.  The cut was followed up with a straight razor shave of the neck, which is awesome, and something I haven't gotten since I went with my dad to his old-school barbershop as a kid.  For that reason alone, I will make this my go-to place.  They also offer full face shaves, with the straight edge and regular razors but my facial hair only adds to my hobo look so I normally handling the shaving myself rather than subjecting the world to my beard.As for the shop itself, its nice.  Decorated to give an old school barbershop feel even though its only been there for about 6 months.  Chairs are comfortable.  The haircut cost $25.  While I know you can find places cheaper than $25, I found the quality of the cut and the overall experience here worth the extra $5 bucks.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/20/2013,269,506,2,6,6>I had one of the best meals of my life here at Sbraga.  For the first time in my life, I'm looking forward to turning a year older so I can come here for my birthday again.The tasting menu was nothing short of a culinary adventure, and for the quality of the food the best deal ever.At the insistence of my fellow yelpers I ordered the foie gras soup.  I have no words for how delicious this was.  It was a completely new flavor to me, and it was awesome. I pray they never take it off of their menu.  My next course was a salmon thing which was phenomenal as well.For the main course I ordered this rigatoni in a spicy sauce with lamb. Delicious. I'm seriously running out of adjectives over here.Even though I was full beyond belief, I had to get dessert.  And even though I felt like a child, I ordered the dirt pudding with gummy worms. The pudding was a delicious rich dark chocolate, and even the gummy worm was the best I've ever had! As if I haven't made it abundantly clear, I loved Sbraga and can't wait to go back.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/19/2013,195,334,,7,8>For those of us who stand in line at the original, know that its just as good with a lot more room. I should have checked to see if they have a bathroom in which case it would be the better of the two!A few thoughts:Love the eyeglasses against the red background, an ode the the intelligence of the Ivy League school blocks away. Reminds me of the advertisement Nick Carraway passes on the train in the Valley of the Ashes in The Great Gatsby.I had an arugula taco salad. Exactly the same as the original location. If HipCityVeg can get this going consistently they may be on their way to becoming a national chain!It's Fall and they have a pumpkin shake. Get the pumpkin shake. Absolutely perfect. You won't even try to make a pumpkin dessert this Fall because you can't beat that shake!
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,1/25/2012,331,353,5,10,11>I have been listening to Preston and Steve for over 15 years and love them dearly....almost to an obsession.  I have bled for them (I Bleed for Preston and Steve) and fed for them (Camp out for Hunger).  I have been to their single's mixers and I have gone to their cardboard classic.  I try to keep to the background though, attempting to not let on to how obsessed I actually am.  I had to especially use this skill when I was super excited to find out that my friend Ivana set up an in studio visit with them for my birthday.  Just this last Tuesday, I popped in to witness the hilarious genius that is P&S.  What I love (and I think others would agree) about everyone on the show is their ability to be the average guy.  I never thought Stern was particularly funny even though we share the same Alma mater.  Maybe its because he hides behind those glasses or because he only seems interested in sex...I don't know.  P&S do delve into the shock radio occasionally (hottie cam or gash cab anyone), but it is more their hilarious discussions of everyday topics that make me fall into a fit of laughter.  Mostly it is Steve's quick wit that wins me over most days.As we were escorted to the back of the station (which was just renovated), there was a bevy of interns running about.  All were super nice and very hospitable.  Being that it was Tattoo-esday, there were two gentleman in the other room getting inked (Perhaps more in love with them than myself, both gents got Preston and Steve tattoos).  We sat and waited for a break so we could go into the studio.  Immediately upon entering, Steve was super nice and friendly (remembering Ivana and myself from previous meetings).  Preston came over and introduced himself as well and even gave me a birthday greeting on air (swoon).  Lauren Harris, the P&S resident hot girl was in studio and was also super personal.  Actually, like I said, all the members of the P&S show (Casey, Nick, Kathy, and Marissa) are super personable and all have their roles for which I love them. I know it can sometimes be scary to peer behind the velvet curtain and realize your heroes are not worth your adoration, but if anything, this experience taught me that P&S deserve so much more.  You can tell that they appreciate the fans love and love the job they do.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,1/24/2012,198,334,4,9,5>You don't come here for health food. You come here because it is good diner food that makes you reminisce about breakfast as a kid. I personally love the sausage gravy and biscuits. Get the home fries as a side along with an order of kielbasa and you are set. Couple of notes - you are not charged for refills on coffee, but you will be charged for refills of all juices and iced tea. They are only open from 6am-2pm everyday. So getting there if you work a 9-5 job may be tricky. Also the parking lot behind the building is mainly for the staff. I got yelled at trying to park there but the metered street parking is cheap. You get an hour for a quarter. So all is good.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,1/23/2012,60,492,7,9,7>If you're tired of spending your Friday nights getting drunk in your local Philly watering hole and are looking to expand your cultural horizons (well maybe not that cultural but whatever) than look no further than the N crowd. Its a improv comedy club that performs every Friday in old city. Not every moment was falling out of your seat hilarious, but there were plenty of good moments, and I had a whole new appreciation for how difficult improv comedy must be. The show does let out fairly early so you'll still have plenty of time to get drunk, if spending a Friday night watching a comedy show is too sober for you. I definitely recommend it...
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,1/22/2012,136,204,6,9,5>In short, this place has pretty much everything I want. Dim lighting. Great drinks. Boobies. James Brown. Knowledgeable and genuinely friendly staff. An atmosphere that is no rush, no hassle.Did I mention the boobies?Yeah. Although one of the portraits seems to involve some sort of near-eastern harem bondage - not really sure what's going on in it. The rest are just pin-ups.I dare say that the only thing missing from this place is a 10 x 10 parquet dance floor.I had an MJG, which was more on the tart side of the sweet/sour dichotomy. Delicious. Also, a quill, which reminded me, oddly enough, of a Martinez. Gin, vermouth, campari, and absinthe had a party in my mouth - the bitters really brought out the essence of the orange zest (the "Titanic") that they'd stuck in with the gigantic ice cube (the "Bane of the Titanic"). Don't I sound fancy? Trust me that I'm not - merely an alcoholic. My friend had a "lily pad". Sweet and sour - in a weird way, vaguely cucumber flavored. Not sure what was in it. Her second was slightly headier - some kind of daiquiri, but with something reminiscent of whiskey in it.We both felt classy. Success!This place is perfect on an off night, as I assume that during the Thursday-Friday-Saturday track, they're probably filled to the brim. The 9pm Wednesday scene was abuzz with friends playing mid-week catch-up, but not to a point where you couldn't hear your own thoughts. I could still make out the lyrics of "My Thang" - badass, indeed, sir.Pro-tip:Don't be afraid to try new things. Go for the bartender's choice if you're feeling uncertain.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,1/21/2012,996,928,41,10,10>BRAD - God?GOD - Yes, Brad?BRAD - Oh my God! Is that you?GOD - Yes. I answer all of my Jews personally. Why do you think you are "The Chosen People"?BRAD - I..I didn't think you'd answer. I...I...GOD - Look. Let's not waste any time here. I know what you were going to pray for. After all, I know everything. Here. I have created it - a place that will deliver delicious Thai chicken red curry to your house. It is called Circles. I've sent their number to your e-mail. I've got to go.and that was the time I spoke to God.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,1/20/2012,88,127,,6,4>I made an appointment here on Super Bowl Sunday, of all days, and was quickly attended to and set up in a big old chair by the nail technician. I had always seen this place packed when I stopped in for my eyebrows, so I made sure to call ahead for my mani-pedi.They have a great selection of OPI and Essie polishes - I found exactly the shade I liked in minutes. The tech was extremely nice, not overly talkative, and did a wonderful job with my nails. My pedicure is still perfect two weeks out, and my nails were pristine even after cooking for the big game literally a couple hours after getting them done. I don't do the gel/acrylic/shellac/minx, just a regular manicure, so I was surprised to see how well everything held up even after an intense cooking session.As for the eyebrows, they always do a great job. My only complaint is that they don't have a private room for it...and getting hair removed from any part of your body is something that shouldn't have an audience.Reminder: they take cards, but only cash for tips!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,1/19/2012,212,160,16,12,11>When I lived in West Philly, I became addicted to cheap delivery sushi. Like, seriously addicted. The cute hipstery delivery guys knew me and always brought me extra spicy sauce. It was heaven.Then I moved.I was away from Philly for a while and when I came back I craved a change of pace and moved to the Loft District/Callowhill, where everything is under construction and nothing makes sense.I feared I may never enjoy the joy of spontaneous sushi delivered to my doorstep again. Then I found Kansai.It's slightly more expensive than what I used to get in West Philly, but it's also much better. And, oh man, the specialty rolls. I demand everyone that eats here and likes spicy things try the following chef specials:Kansai Roll: If a rainbow roll and a spicy tuna roll had a crunchy baby, this would be it.Spicy Girl Roll: Spicy salmon meets dragon roll meets tempura sprinkled with--wait for it--peanut powder. Sounds weird, tastes awesome.Halloween Roll: It has FRIED PUMPKIN, just shut up and eat it.Hopefully one day I will actually eat in the restaurant itself because it looks lovely and I've heard wonderful things. Until then I can only comment on the food. They deliver far and wide and an order over $15 means free delivery. Treat yo'self. Just, keep it to less than once a week. I think I have a problem.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,1/18/2012,40,83,9,6,6>This restaurant is not a place I take dates. Why? I just shovel everything put in front of me into my mouth, as though I have five minutes to live. Alright. If you need seating for more than two, you may have to wait. The restaurant is small and you may be nearly sitting on top of the table next to you. I'm obsessed with their pad thai. Vegetables are always of perfect consistency. Their vegetable coconut soup is awesome. I've tried eating other things but really... no sense in toying with perfection. I've had the distinct pleasure of eating here with the below yelper Marissa B and she's not joking about the mango sticky rice OR this place haunting you from the other side of the country. Their thai ice tea is worth drowning in.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,1/17/2012,85,187,8,7,11>Despite the fact that I'm a married woman and was dining with one of my girlfriends, Radicchio Cafe made me feel a little like I was on a really good first date.  The wine cork-lined walls, Italian-accented waiter, and cozy distance between tables (all of which were full on Monday evening), contributed to a comfy atmosphere where I could really see myself ordering a salad and asking the person across the table questions like, "sooooo... what kind of music do you like?"Luckily, this was NOT a first date, and I was free to order whatever I wanted.My friend and I started with the caprese appetizer, a delicious little pizza crust cut into quarters, each topped with a thick slice of fresh tomato, mozzarella, and a generous sheet of prosciutto.  So good.I went with the pasta special for my entree, squid ink linguine (a first for me!) in a spicy blush sauce with scallops, shrimp and mushrooms.  ZOMG!!!  The pasta was fresh, which I was not expecting, tender ribbons of cephalopod-infused goodness.  The seafood was just slightly overcooked, but the flavor of the sauce made up for it, and I kept eating far beyond a full belly.My friend ordered a chicken dish (I don't recall the name), a lightly breaded chicken cutlet topped with eggplant, arugula and shaved Parmesan.  It was surprisingly lighter than expected, well seasoned, and fresh-tasting.The service was just a little slow, but had we thought ahead and brought a couple bottles of wine to linger over, I would have minded less.So.  Wanna go back to my place for some coffee?
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,1/16/2012,98,177,8,7,10>Review 100 goes to Sycamore - wow.Baltimore ave was a mired, dreary street, my friends.  It was a hundred miles long if it was a foot.  My trek from the hallows of West Wash Square to the dregs of western Philadelphia was before me.  A blackened night, I veered to miss unaware drivers and the lackadaisical zombie who knows no pain or fear of my two-ton black steed, Solara.  The thickets were growing closer; the houses loomed ominously toward us.  As if tearing and scraping from Hades to the shores of salvation, I desperately sought out my destination... there it was; I found solace once the pumpkin orange letters skittered across a sign:S Y C A M O R E.  Finally, we would have a dinner fit for kings.We scurried from the parking lot into the softly-lit retreat.  Autumn scents in the hearth of warm delights greeted us.  Promptly, the hostess found our reservation and sat us near a heavy couple who were surely going to be disappointed and a yuppie-ticious family who attempted to read the languages upon their wine bottles, poorly I might add.  Our neighbors felt a trifle close, but luckily, we ignored.  The breech of our wine bottle; our glasses were poured and sampled - a nice start.  A complimentary bite of something "seasonal" was delivered to us in two spoonfuls.  It was delightful but sadly, I can't recall it's name.  We pondered our meal and opted for dessert over appetizers.  Passing on the opening morsels, we went straight for dinner.  She ordered the scallops, I the rib.We drank and laughed.  At times, it seemed our water glasses could not be emptied thanks to the speed and persistence of our waitress who surely recognized that our long journey left us parched.  We talked about everything, nothing, but little betwixt.  A rumble reminded me that I'm in the right place - I was ready to eat.Two warm plates of reasonably portioned food were placed before us.  A storm of flavor enchanted us for we could no longer speak or drink.  It's as if, we were compelled to devour our meal before anything else and I tell you my friends, time stopped while I enjoyed my delectables.  I received the occasional smile from my date, the woman I love, who equally enjoyed her New Jersey sea-plucked delights.As if the tempest were just settling, dessert was served - a chocolate cake: decadent, truculent.  Matching its complexity was a Pumpkin Apple Pot Pie - a mysterious medley of seasonal treats shrunk into a small hot pot.  To die for; a poison deadly.    Alas, our experience was at an end.  It was our time to return, our time to know what a good dinner is and perhaps, know it again some day.  But for now, my friends, I will have the memories to hold onto for many moons and several seasons.  I bid you good night.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2009,7/28/2009,58,124,7,10,9>My Ranty Favorite Mealby Ally G.1) El Camino Real specializes in Northern Mexican food and Texas BBQ. Most of the menu items consist of meat. Even though their seitan dishes are quite satisfying, according to my carnivorous and vegetarian friends... The focus is mostly on the meat. It's all about da meat! But if something isn't perfectly catered to a vegetarian need, just chill... they try hard to meet your needs :D Try the interestingly cheesey side of corn!2) For all you real foodies out there, you know and can appreciate ECR's fine choice in ingredients. Everything is either fresh or homemade! You won't find any of that nasty canned crap in the kitchen. So um... for those who say otherwise,shhhh, just chill... have another bite and savor it. Try the beautifuly smoked wagyu brisket.3) The service might not be ECR's strong point. But cut them some slack... How many packed tables do you see? A LOT. All the folks there are way cool; trying their best to make everyones experience enjoyable! So call over your server, be patient, relax, just chill... enjoy good company! Try the Texas peach tea while your at it!4) For all you Top Chef fans... Guess who's going to be in season 6! None other than ECR's lovely executive chef, Jen Zavala! (definitely the hottest contestant in Sin City).5) Lastly... seasonal fruit cobbler... enough said.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,7/27/2009,10,23,5,7,7>Cupcakes AND chocolate? Nothing like combining the best part of a bakery and a candy store and rolling it into a city-chic sweets spot. I stopped in yesterday to grab a little birthday treat for a friend, and picked up one of those stuffed, super-sized cupcakes, the strawberry shortcake one filled with preserves. If there was a way to make a cupcake any better than it already is, Naked Chocolate has it figured out. There were only two types to choose from yesterday, the shortcake and a black forest filled with cherries. My suggestion: Make more--and stuff one with peanut butter just for me!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,7/26/2009,102,42,3,9,7>It should be noted that I am a relative noob when it comes to Indian food. The first few times I tried Indian, my meat dishes were sweet (rosewater lamb and something else), and I am no fan of sweet-flavored meat. Also, I'm a slightly picky eater (onions are my enemy). So it was with just a bit of hesitation that I ordered from Ekta on Sunday. I will never hesitate again.I ordered for four people, so we got a good sampling of what Ekta offers. Within 25 minutes of placing my order, there was a knock at my door. There stood a plumpish Asian man with a huge smile, a red checkered shirt, and a big, blue necktie holding a bag of food. I only live a few blocks from Ekta, so he walked my delivery over, and the food was still thoroughly hot by the time he arrived. I know it's not an original idea, but I love the labeling of the food containers. I had the tandoori chicken, which was succulent and tasty. But my friend got the butter chicken, which was truly outstanding. I've been thinking of it ever since. We also tried the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry, both of which were praised by my friends. The only bump in the experience was the naan -- we ordered three kinds: plain, garlic, and potato. Onion naan was delivered instead of potato naan, and it wasn't awesome. Neither was the garlic version. I'd stick to just plain naan in the future.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,7/24/2009,49,24,8,9,9>Unpretentious and somehow still awesome! HOW! This is by far one of my favorite places on earth. You can roll into this place with just a good friend or a crew of 20 and you will have an AWESOME time. The bartenders are fairly attractive and not at all nasty. Be nice enough you might get a free shot! (it helps to have boobs.) Play some connect four or some "truth or dare" jenga and possibly get ANOTHER free shot. Hungry Hungry Hippos!! ITS HERE! Hungry? they have a phone and a ton of take out menus and are cool with delivery! (i got a free slice of pizza once from a pizza box being airlifted across the crowd)Blah blah blah the stripper pole, I only ever saw one person seriously get on it, and really.. no one wanted to see that. Oh the jiggling.. and the cottage cheese.. *shiver* That isn't nearly the coolest part of this bar. perhaps the futon on the 3rd floor is (or the ominous creepyness of the 3rd floor and the feeling that a roman orgy may break out at any moment? maybe the luxurious velvet couches? Maybe the third floor bathroom having more books in it than my entire bookshelf? The random mannequin body parts behind glass? Its so hard to tell! the drinks are cheap & The DJ's are always awesome! They take requests and keep everyone moving. The Raven Lounge= The Tits. (there use to be a prick of a bouncer, but they replaced him with another prick of a bouncer, but hey no cover!)
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,7/22/2009,476,796,45,46,43>The Italian men in their black shirts and tight black pants, dark hair, bright white smiles and oh the accents, I find myself staring as they first approach the table for drinks, no wine, no cocktails, it is BYOB, who cares as another beautiful Italian slips me a plate full of complimentary tomato topped Bruschetta.  Benvenuto darling. They continue to dance by, did I say dance? I meant prance towards your table offering you constant free refills on what they offer for most drinks. I have already had several visual appetizers, but I needed to eat. Hubby and I both love clams casino, so we each ordered six. They were very good, mine are better, but not served with the same tight black attire and I am still smiling.  Each of our meals came with a choice of soup or salad. They always offer the Pasta E Fagioli or a soup of the day or a house salad. I opted for a small Caesar, no charge and hubby had the house salad. The salads were okay and they do offer anchovies for those who love them as much as I do. The next time we will both try the soups, as we found the dressings too bitter and bland. The menu is so extensive from appetizers and three pages of entrees and specials to sandwiches. They also serve a nice variety of homemade pizzas. They have several restaurants and this happens to be in a shopping center. The minute that you walk inside, you feel that you are in a full service restaurant, other than the bar being missing, but all of the Italians make you forget about that! They offer an Express Carlucci's at the other end of this strip mall. For our entrees hubby had the Lobster Ravioli with lump crab meat and shrimps in a vodka sauce. It was a large plate of 5 homemade raviolis with tomatoes and lots of jumbo lump crabmeat and whole shrimps.. I was so torn and I could go back here to try each and every one of them! Oh food, yes, I chose the jumbo lump crab cake with the garlic aioli angel hair and I am still in heaven. The crab cake was pure lump crab meat and the size of a softball!. Excellent! They have a wonderful dessert menu and they offer espresso  We turned them down, yes we did!  Enough was enough!  No desserts for us! Just bring us the last course, which is the bill for this great entertainment, I mean food. After all I have already had my dessert .Decor?  I have already explained that. It is wonderful and I do mean beautiful    ;+}
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,7/20/2009,147,184,14,10,11>Man, I've said it before and I'll say it again, clean that bathroom! I don't care how much violin you play in there, it still screams school on Sunday...NO CLASS!Where else can extras from FLOWMAX commercials, professional classical musicians, and wide eyed innocent types like me all come together? All the while smoking cigars two at a time and over serving yourself? NO WHERE, it is all here!Next time we are playing Fat Cat Bingo. Everyone puts their jacket on the kitchen-bed and which ever one the 30lb cat lays on gets a shot. As if drinking games are needed to get the party started here...Good times Baby B, good times.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,7/19/2009,49,67,3,4,5>On one Saturday about a month ago, a group of about 6 of us decided to go to Sabrina's after a trip to the Art museum. It was definitely the best idea we've had in a while.We went pretty late, around 4:30PM. I ordered the stuffed French Toast and my friends ordered a mix of their savory sandwiches and other brunch items, such as pancakes. Their fries were incredible and their sandwiches were huge.Everyone loved their food - full of flavor, huge plates for under $10 each. However, I think my French toast was the winner: it was as large as my head and incredibly tasty. Very crisp crust, the filling was light and just melted in your mouth. When I took my leftovers home, my bf and I shared the rest of it the next day for breakfast - it was just as delicious reheated on a frying pan and there was enough of it for both of us. The only downside was, the waitress did get our orders wrong and they ran out of cups for large lattes. Otherwise, delicious food, no wait at this random time, great atmosphere, and very well worth the price.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,7/18/2009,85,324,,6,6>Our new and lovely CM Monica S.' review of this place reminded me that I had this on my "To review" list.I went here to see Maserati perform a couple of months ago. KFN is located on the edge of Fishtown and Kensington(locals often bandy such terms as Fishington and Kensingfish(which sounds like a brew)).  The bar has some booth and table seating. The decor is interesting to say the least. Lots of monkeys in various forms as well as other eclectic decor.I ordered several indie/micro brews on tap and was pleased to find that they all were reasonably priced and tasted pretty good. Service was fast and the bartender was pretty friendly(as well as being pretty in the hot Asian woman with tattoo sort of way), but not overly intrusive. I ended up watching a bizarre combination of different American and European movies that was playing on TV while I waited for Maserati to take the stage. The sound was pretty decent and Maserati rocked. The bar got crowded without being ridiculously so. The crowd was pretty good for the most part, though there were the inevitable geese/talkers during the show. My only complaint, and its admittedly a minor one, is that the lighting is pretty dim. I had a hard time reading the beer list standing practically right in front of it. Good vibe, good beer, good music. I'll be back at some point.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,7/17/2009,202,329,10,9,9>i don't know why french people aren't all stuck-to-the chair fat, if bibou is a representation of fine french dining.  i mean, even the name implies cherubs and cheek-pinching.so, my fellow food indulgers and i came here, on a summery thursday night.  the place is tiny.  (make reservations!)  i got the porcini and duck appetizer and the pigs feet/foie entree, and there was lots to be shared and tried among the table.my entree was melt-in-your-mouth tasty.  and rich.  i think i had a mild heart attack whilst eating it.  the bites that i had of everyone else's food was also just as tasty (blood sausage, scallops, tuna, gazpacho...you name it, i tried it!) charlotte heard that multiple people at the table liked tripe, and her husband whipped us up some of that as well, and shared some leftover bottles of wine with us.  what more could you ask for?it's lovely and quaint.  it's french.  it's heart attack inducing.  so go.  or maybe not.  because with only seating for about 20, if you go, i may not ever get a table!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,7/16/2009,115,317,9,9,10>I totally felt like I was in Europe!  To be fair, I only knew beforehand that my friend had moved into a new apartment in no libs at 1050 Hanock.  I had no idea the Piazza even existed.  So when I saw it I blown away!  Spacious open plaza, cute shops, bars, restaurants, diverse crowd with a hipster edge mingling about... and a jumbo-tron on one side showing the phils game.  I wanted to become homeless right then and spend the rest of my bum life as a street artist there.  Sorta.This place is beautiful, and kick-ass for people watching.  My friend's balcony overlooks the plaza - it doesn't get better than that.  I didn't get to spend a ton of time walking around, but it looks like there are definitely some great bars, restaurants and boutiques to check out.  Or just spend a day chilling at one of the tables in the center of the plaza.  Live music acts on the stage they have set up would be awesome too I'm sure.  And there were so many dogs around it almost made me want a puppy.  Almost.My only complaint is the techno music that was booming Sunday early afternoon.  Cmon, my head is pounding already...But this place is fantastic.  Just has a super cool vibe.  I can't wait to hang out around here more... I had no idea a place like this even existed in philly!  Felt like I was on vacation.Hands down best part though: FREE 24-HR PARKING LOT.  'Nuff said.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,7/25/2010,65,68,4,6,5>After my first visit to Resurrection and sampling off of all 3 of my friends plates I fell head over heels.  Later that week at a weekly visit to Memphis Taproom (the sister restaurant to Resurrection) I drunkenly told Brendan, one of the owners, that I wished he would bring the twice fried chicken to Memphis so i wouldn't have to travel so far to eat it.I have since visited Resurrection a second time and had the twice fried chicken a second time... so so good.  Crispy, dark a hint of honey drizzled over the top... I wish it came with mashed potatoes or mac and cheese instead of potato salad but as a teacher used to tell me, nothing can ever be perfect... close but not quite.I highly recommend taking the time to pay a visit....its cute, clean, the food is AMAZING and the beer selection is great.  They even made me a hot toddy on request. jawesome.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,7/24/2010,61,261,5,8,8>Now this is how restaurant week should be! None of this mini menu of things that they don't usually serve. I'm talking full menu, plus a special, included in the $35 price; I mean, I could actually get an idea of what it's like to eat at this restaurant and maybe be tempted to come back again. What a concept! It was incredibly crowded and noisy, but I overheard someone say it's not usually like this on a Thursday night; the price for a restaurant week night. Our waitress was very nice and didn't seem at all frazzled by the huge crowd. It's a minor thing, but I kinda liked that the waitstaff were in red, rather than the typical black; made them much easier to spot. Only one bathroom, but you get a good view of the prep in the kitchen while you're waiting =POh yeah, and the food was delicious! Delicious, and fresh, and well made, and there was a lot of it. We started with the market salad, (amazing dressing), and the trio of bruschetta, which were practically a meal in themselves. Huge, deceptively simple, a great example of how good simple ingredients when done well can be amazing.Then onto the veal, which I didn't try but hubby really liked. I got the butternut squash fettucine (sans pancetta). So flavorful and yummy, but I could only get thru half of it before I feared not having room for dessert, and they happily wrapped my leftovers for me. Dessert was the pumpkin tart and chocolate molten cake. Both excellent. If you're too full to finish the whole thing, which I'm sad to say I was, make sure you eat the very bottom crunchy chocolately crustish part.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,7/23/2010,106,32,38,21,19>I like Buffalo Exchange.There. I said it.Apparently I'm in the minority based on the gallons of Haterade I've seen chugged around here.  What am I missing?Frankly, I was a bit shocked when I read through a number of the Yelp reviews. Obviously, I would never suggest Buffalo as a primary source of clothing, but, compared to the other consignment/second-hand/gently used clothing boutiques I've visited throughout our ever-increasingly fashion-forward city, it's far superior to all the rest. For what it is, I think it's pretty successful.Now, granted, I can't speak to the women's clothing like many of the Yelp posters have since I gave up on my dream to become Queen of the Desert in middle school, but as far as the men's clothing goes, I've been killing it in Buffalo since my lady dragged me there last summer.Three Examples:1) Cole Haan Air Gallant Penny Loafers - brand new: $40 (retail: $228)2) Diesel Viker 008SV Jeans - lightly used, no visible wear: $30 (retail: $230, Gilt: $160) - Nota Bene: for all the rabble rousers who will scream and shout that Diesel is soooo 2005, I would argue that good jeans are good jeans so back off3) Brooks Brothers Non-Iron Slim Fit Framed Hairline Stripe French Cuff Dress Shirt - brand new, tags on: $25 (retail: $79.50)Over the past year, while I will admit that I haven't encountered a high volume of quality items at Buffalo, the stuff I have found has been Too Cool For TV. I agree with the consensus that there is a lot of garbage hanging around the racks, but the diamonds in the rough make wading through the muck well worth the time and effort.In the end, I think Buffalo is superb as a complimentary clothing resource for the educated consumer.I do have one genuine criticism, but it isn't even really directed at the store, but rather, at the miniature men who sell their shoes to Buffalo. Dudes, what's the deal?  Where are all these size 8s and size 9s coming from? 8? 9? Really?Who are these men with the tiny feet and where do they hide their pots of gold?I can't help but look up for rainbows every time I leave the store.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,7/22/2010,101,151,10,11,8>"This is where I stock up on my supplies..." said the alcoholic in denial.Sure it's about a 20 minute drive into Jersey, $3 toll to get back to Philly and flow in traffic with Jersey-ites but it's so worth it. They have hundreds of wines to choose from dozens of areas such as Spain, Italy, France, Argentina, California* etc. They even have organic wines for all you pansies out there. They also sell miro and imported beer, mixers, hard alcohol and there are even sections for Japanese/Chinese/Korean alcohol. They even have carts for you in the front to make your shopping trip even lighter. If you are on the way out to a snazzy BYO, they have a sweet selection of chilled beers/wines in the back. Living in PA, the only things I love more than buying all my alcohol needs under one roof is buying alcohol at the grocery store and bacon.** While they don't carry everything under the sun, there is still a very wide selection of alcohol at the best prices in the area. They also have random sales on wine and no they are not always rubbish wine. These sales can only be enjoyed if you're a "club member" meaning you give them your email/address and they give you a little barcode-keycard. This is the only place go to stock up on wine and I usually leave with a case or two. I am not an alcoholic.*What? CA isn't a country? Cause it looks bigger than Italy on google maps.**Whoever took away the rights to allow a store in PA to sell both wine and beer needs to never be allowed to eat bacon again... unless they're already dead, then... well. there's nothing I can do about that.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,7/21/2010,66,254,10,5,6>I mean. What can I possibly write about this place that hasn't already been written? Just pretend that I recapped everything everyone in the previous 241 reviews has already gushed about. Now, a few personal highlights from the evening: 1. Lavender tequila martini?!! Are you freaking serious? Oh, delicious beverage, you are the kid who ruined the curve for the entire class. How do you overachieve with such vigor?2. Garlic dulce de leche. My feeble little brain can't even understand why this is so delicious, but DO NOT HESITATE. It's amazing. 3. The ensalada verde dish wound up being the favorite dish of half of our table. Generally, I wouldn't go for a salad at a tapas restaurant, but with three other people eating, we had so many dishes, I decided to to try it. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. Eat the shit out of this salad. I don't even know how they cram magic into vegetables. Maybe it's a special type of hydroponics? Who cares. It's amazingamazingamazing.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,7/20/2010,67,144,4,8,6>For a while now I've been hearing legends of Banh Mi, more commonly  called Vietnamese hoagies.  I didn't see how it could possibly live up to the hype, especially in a sandwich loving city like Philadelphia.  I figured I'd give it a try, see what the hype was aboutI popped in for lunch the other day, not really sure what to expect.  I ordered a pork sandwich, and an order of summer rolls.  The summer rolls might actually be too big, they are closer to a wrap in size then to the rolls I've had elsewhere.  At that size, it kind of takes away from the flavor though, the recipe doesn't scale well and too much is going on.  You end up with a lot of vermicelli and not too much other fillingThe sandwich was very good, and an interesting departure from what I'm used to.  Normally I don't like jalapeños, but here they seemed to be sliced fresh, and actually contributed flavor rather than the tasteless heat you usually get with preserved peppers.  The meat was pretty good, and the roll was perfect.Later in the week, I got a barbecue pork banh mi, which I thought was better than the first.  One thing that impressed me was how quickly they made the sandwich.  I've spent longer in a store picking up takeout.  I went back again today, and had the pork roll & pate sandwich, which wasn't as good as the others I've had.  I also tried the bubble tea today, and while it wasn't the best I've had, it was up there.   It's something that can be a bit of an acquired taste/texture, but I've come to enjoy it.  Inside the store, they do have tables if you want to sit, but I live around the corner so I've just been getting it to go.All in all, O sandwiches is a great option for a cheap meal, that manages to stand out in a neighbourhood with many options for  a quick lunch.  Banh mi is also a nice departure from the usual sandwich choices, and much lighter than your average hoagie.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,7/19/2010,190,178,8,10,8>OMG can you say freaking AMAZING sandwiches?! I'm talking about so good that my friends and I shared a rare silent moment because all we could think about was the sandwich and the sandwich only. HAHHAHA okay maybe I'm sounding crazy but it was really good!Now time to share my story with you all. We luckily came right before the big lunch rush and grabbed seats at the bar. There are only about 6 seats in there so most people just order to-go. Right upon sitting, the cooks were super nice and let us take our time deciding what to get. I shared the Arista and the Diavlo wtih a friend. We also shared a root beer that I must say is the best root beer I've ever had (no corn syrup and has real sugar! YUM!).The Arista sandwich consists of roasted suckling duck, broccoli rabe, italian long shots (hot peppers) & jus. The chef suggested we got sharp provolone with it so of course we did :) The Diavlo has spicy chicken, salami, roasted tomatoes, provolone, and broccoli rabe. Both sandwiches were sooo good!!! The Arista was juicy, hearty, full of soft meat, and deliciously drippy :) The sharp provolone made it extra awesome and they didn't even charge extra for it! Only downside to this sandwich was it was a bit too salty for me. The Diavlo, on the other hand, was made to perfection. Upon first bite, I swear my eyes lit up with joy. All the flavors blended well together, their provolone really helps balance out everything and it was just AWESOME. Chicken wasn't dry or salty and it isn't a drippy sandwich so it felt a bit ligther than the Arista. And how could I forget to mention the bread?? The bread was warm, fluffy, and toasty without being overly crunchy.  IMO the bread and sandwiches are better than Sarcone's. Thank you Yelp for this one! If only it was closer and more accessible by public transportation, I would probably go there all the time! They also have many other sandwiches, crepe, and soup. All their drinks are $2 and sandwiches are all $7-8, no tax. *drool*
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,7/18/2010,146,222,10,12,14>Truffle oil and pistachio mousse and wine, oh my!I love visiting places where the staff is equally excited and enthusiastic about being there as I am.  I could smell the black truffle oil calling me!  It was potent and sinfully indulgent.  I thought of my budget... then the $31 truffle oil... budget... truffle oil.  I rationalized that I'd rather come back and spend the $30+ on dinner.  Saturday night I revisited the Graces Trading Co.  The atmosphere was really laid back.  We were able to secure a table, walk around to select a wine, sample some oils & return to have the bottle uncorked by our friendly waiter.  The chef's special cheese pairing ($16) was the perfect amount to split between three people.  The funghi pizza ($13) was insanely rich - I brought half home.  My two girlfriends ordered the butternut agnolotti lobster dish and were satisfied with the small portion because of all the large lobster pieces and heavy sauce. My boyfriend finished his margherita w/ boquerones ($18) *gross* and I'm happy to say that his pizza didn't stink to high heavens.  Chef Jose Garces was there each time I visited.  Sources - our waiter - tell me that he's been in the kitchen each and every night.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,7/17/2010,237,276,6,7,6>6 letters that I'm not seeing praised in enough reviews for Valanni: B-R-U-N-C-H. To be fair, they were name-checked in Philly Magazine's 50 Best Brunch Spots as a good place for boozing at brunch. But the food was outstanding. I had the poached eggs, which come with lump crab meat, sauteed spinach, tomato and a horseradish cream sauce on top of herbed focaccia bread. Plus home fries. It was beyond delicious. In fact, I started to watch the servers dropping off plates to other tables, and almost every single table got an order of poached eggs. I'm not normally a plate-cleaner but I was able to tackle it all except for a few home fries.The other options looked amazing as well, especially knowing how well they do eggs. I tried the bacon from my dining partner's "Hangover" platter and it was cooked to perfection. You don't need to be hungover to order that one (we checked) but it would probably help. Now, back to the drinks. They deserved their acclaim. My brunch-rita was essentially a mimosa with more alcohol, which has the same effect as putting bacon or cheese on a burger: it only gets better. The Brazilian Pop was light and fruity without being emasculating. They offer coffee served from a French Press, but with so many brunch cocktails, who needs coffee?* Valanni is well worth checking out on a weekend from 11AM-3PM.* I do. I need coffee. I went shopping for a magazine rack afterward but would have rather curled up for an afternoon nap. I ended up at Cafe Loftus within a few hours. Next time, I'll see if I can balance the brunch-ritas with more caffeine.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,7/15/2010,425,275,17,14,17>I have this theory. The theory is, that in any given nuclear family, there is a finite amount of talent, to be had. The fact that my sister is a genius and good at everything supports this. Consider Matt and Kevin Dillon, Sylvester and Frank Stallone and Eddie and Charlie Murphy , and you understand what I'm saying. Sure, you get the occasional anomaly like the Williams sisters or the Mannings' but for every family like that, there is one with zero talent, like Ashley and Jessica Simpson. My theory doesn't bode well, for our friend Michael W. I recently went to World Cafe Live to see Brian Aglira And Michael's brother Scott play a show, and they were fantastic. From southern Rock cover tunes, to blues to original material on a number of different instruments, these guys were musically on point. Seems Ive forgiven WCL, for a previous transgression against me. Years ago, in the early aughts, a younger, more streamlined version of myself, tried to get a job here, when it first opened. Needless to say, I wasn't cool enough to score employment at such a hip establishment, so I hightailed it out of the city, never to return. Until now... My loss. WCL is a wonderful music venue. Very intimate with great acoustics. You have to love a venue, where you can see the stage from the bar, or be able to have pork chops brought to you as you rock out. I didn't eat anything , but it looked good and smelled better and I made a note to come back for a meal , in the near future. The beer selections didn't wow me, but this wasn't the reason i came anyway. I recommend both seeing a show at WCL and checking out Scott and Brian, whether they are playing together or solo (your best bet would be in the West Chester area). And don't feel too bad for our buddy Michael. If my theory of family talent is correct, Michael may not be able to sing Happy Birthday, but Scott must not be able to string a comprehensive sentence together to save his life.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,6/20/2011,136,204,11,7,8>Ho. Ly. Shit. Redo!Okay, so I told myself I'd stay away on weekends on account of line/crowd/cover charge/club situations that I try to avoid in my increasingly sparse spare time.However, the line moved quickly, and the cover was only five (5) bucks. What? Five bucks for live music on a Saturday night? Yes, please.So I get there with my friends in tow, and we order some Absinthe. The "Lucid." It's got your standard menthol/licorice/sassafras flavoring, and came with absinthe spoons, sugar cubes, and a neat ice water drip (though when I had it in Ukraine, it was warm water. Can't say it made a huge difference).I had mine with half a sugar cube and maybe 3 cl of water. This is all on top of my 3 glasses of wine and a gin tonic before arriving at Time. Needless to say, it was strong - every sip had a nice punch to it. As I drank more, people got friendlier. Or maybe I got more talkative. Whatever.So, after all of that, it was club time. Or Club Time. Get it? Syntactical pun, huzzah!We go upstairs, and I expect to hear the standard top 40 garbage that makes me feel like I'm prematurely becoming an old man, especially since I really do get nostalgic about 80's music - however lame - they're spinning old school R&B, hip hop, and house music that I actually found myself enjoying. Seriously - they played some solid gold tunes that night. Jay-Z's "Money Ain't a Thang" and "Big Pimpin'?" Mr. Cheeks' "Lights, Camera, Action?" I haven't heard those since high school, and I immediately remembered  how much I wished other clubs would play this stuff. Danced all the alcohol out of my system. The only problem with the upstairs club was that it was dark. As in darker than the darkest club you've been to. I feel like it wouldn't be a problem if they turned on the disco ball. Meh. Still had a blast. Will be back with many more people in the near future. It was also crowded, but not any more than any other popular place - somehow, I still felt less boxed in than the times I've been to G-Lounge. Pro-tip: Dance. Dance, dance, dance. If you're on the dance floor, you should be breakin' it down.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,6/19/2011,265,174,6,5,6>Standard Tap is an institution.  Dubbed by many as Philadelphia's first--and best--gastropub, I gotta say that this place lives up to the hype.  Every dish I've had there has been a hit and they always have a LEGIT draft list with all my West Coast faves: Arrogant Bastard, Stone IPA, Old Rasputin Stout to name a few. And for the indecisive peeps in your group, they usually have some solid beer flights available as well. Their beers change often so you should go there often too. And get the chicken pot pie or beef cheek sandwich while you're at it.  You will not be disappointed my friend.  Also they have a sick upstairs deck that's perfect for warm summer nights to chill and drink an ice cold, hoppy American IPA. Doesn't that sound good??Oh and I almost forgot, the Standard Burger comes w/ sauteed mushrooms, thick slices of onion and tomato, and the bun has the perfect bun-to-patty chewiness ratio so that it doesn't completely disintegrate when you pick it up, but it is also soft enough that when you bite into it you don't crush all the burger innards or force everything out the back side and onto the floor. It's delicious.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,6/18/2011,436,385,6,11,7>ok, i'm a believer. i usually swear off food trucks, but this one is actually GOOD. i never bought into the whole kogi tacos when it first took off in LA. so my go-to item on the menu here is usually the jungle stew curry or the curry of the week. portions are large, easily doubling the amount of meat offered by the other asian food trucks within a two block radius. it can be a little pricier than other food trucks (ie. $5-7), but it doesn't taste like a bunch of msg poured over rice. and when they say something is spicy, it really IS spicy! how refreshing. tyson bees does a better job than most restaurants that claim they serve spicy food.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,6/17/2011,145,158,11,14,9>Modo Mio is SOFA KING good.  What a gem.  They're located in a kinda random spot on Girard, but who cares...it's SOFA KING good.  My parents are kind of picky, but I KNOW they will LOVE this place when they visit because the food is great and you get tons of deliciousness for the price!  ...and gluten free.  And when I say gluten free, I really mean it.  The chef has celiac disease, and can FULLY accomodate a GF diet from bread (they buy "Against the Grain" brand) for olive oil with ricotta all the way to GF pasta and dessert.  They have a full understanding of your needs if you're GF, and I am sure they could help with other food allergies/limitations.  Menu turista is the bomb.  $33, 4 courses.  I could not finish dessert...because my stomach was exploding with the goodness of the first three courses!  Here is what I tried: Mussels in this redonk red sauce - all I remember is stewed tomatoes, perhaps a touch of cream, and capers.  I wanted to drink the sauce...yes.  Amatriciana spaghetti dish - had PERFECTLY done GF pasta in this amazing salty, spicy tomato sauce with bursts of little pancetta bites.  Another Usher "OMG" moment for me.Duck with some type of cabbage underneath it that was yummy.  I recall slices of plums...maybe some fennel (not my fave but still good).  Honestly at this point I was starting to approach disgustingly full, but I would n ot stop eating there. I was hoping to try the stuffed cabbage but it was not GF.Flourless chocolate cake - oh-so-good.  But I couldn't finish it.  Not even close. Cannot wait to go back.  This is at the top of my list for dates or groups - just bring a solid bottle of vino and let the food-travaganza begin!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,6/16/2011,87,51,7,9,9>While giving a daytime pedestrian tour of my old 'hood, Queen Village, to my parents and my favorite uncle from L.A., walking past its hilltop glassbox home for an umpteenth time, I finally decided I should try Zahav, and nudged my relations inside. My suggestion was a crowd-pleasing coup, thanks to chef Solomonov's loving and authentic rendition of my people's favorite dishes.As newbies, we opted for the Tay'im tasting menu. Needless to say, the menu's anchor is fresh laffa bread and hummus, cleanly, delicately tasteful. Salatim (salads) refreshed the palate. Kofte (meatballs) put the appetite in gear. Shipudim (skewers) of lamb, beef, chicken, and even duck, had us licking chops. And sweet baklava satiated. Sitting in a large sun-filled, rustic-modern room around a long, wood table, we felt ourselves transported, as if our meal had taken place in a contemporary Hebrew eatery on the Mediterranean coast.Writing with the added perspective of having recently eaten in Israel, well and frequently I might add, my appreciation of Zahav's blend of preparatory mastery, staging skill, and keen audience sense is that much greater. If you're not familiar with the Israeli version of middle eastern fare, this is a wonderful initiation. If you're well acquainted, you'll find yourself at home. Settle in, and b'tayavon.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/15/2011,73,80,17,11,11>*Hand on Heart* I pledge allegiance to the Mighty Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Though a transplant by birth, a "PA'er" in heart. From Philadelphia to Pittsburgh and all points in between, Let no Resident besmirch your fertile soils and noble ancestry by committing the "crime" of running hootch in from other, less morally inclined, States" I would never do that.* But if I was gonna, Total Wine and More would be my first stop. Wine tastings on Sunday. Liquor next to Beer next to Wine; all in perfect harmony. Mix sixes with hundreds of beers to choose from, including my beloved Young's Double Chocolate. Cases upon cases of beers that appear only in legend at our "Distributors." Despite Puritanical warnings, this feels about as close to the land of milk and honey as can be found on the 95 corridor. And all within an advertised 200 feet of the border. *That I'll commit to writing.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/14/2011,563,317,3,5,5>Sola offers the finest dining on the Main Line, hands down. This pricey, limited-menu Bryn Mawr BYOB rivals anything, anywhere in small boutique style restaurants. Ambiance, presentation, pace, and ultimately food are all top notch. We enjoyed the tuna tartar and foie gras appetizers. Both were stuck like a Shannon Miller parallel bar landing. Much to the dismay of animal rights activists, and geese for that matter, I love foie gras and have had it all over the country. The foie gras here is among the best. Entrees were the lamb and short rib, both spectacular. Flavors are nicely balanced with just the right amount of boldness. The espresso notes in the short rib blend nicely with the harmony of trumpet mushrooms and tomato marmalade, washed down with an '05 Bordeaux. I've eaten here many times and it is always consistent. The service is prompt and professional, but often cold and impersonal...my only gripe. However, the rest of the show is so good that it is easy to overlook this one small blemish.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,6/13/2011,48,198,3,4,4>four and a half stars for the specialty rolls -- which are what you should order. the regular maki is solid, but you get three rolls for $11 -- of course they're small. frankly, i'd be scared to eat sushi that came from a place that offered three substantially sized rolls for $11. you get what you pay for, people!want a real meal? go for the volcano roll and the yellow dragon roll (my vic experiences have taught me that sushi becomes instantly more delicious when draped with mango). still hungry? ask them to make you a fantastic roll, even if it's not on the specials chalkboard. they should know what you're talking about.vic's appetizers leave a little to be desired, but the sushi is tops, at least in philly. the place is tiny inside, but that's why you should go on nice (but not too hot) days only, get take-out and share with a loved one on a bench in nearby rittenhouse park. sushi and people-watching = one great date. and food tastes better outdoors, anyway.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,6/12/2011,180,143,8,7,8>Sweet Jesus the Dark Roast...THE DARK ROAST.I had the dark varietal they had on tap for the day, which I was told was called "Venetian Roast". This is THE absolute PROOF that a blackasnight coffee CAN be achieved without the burnt taste. It was so rich and at the end left the most beautiful smokiness lingering on my tastebuds...I was loathe to mar the cup with any sweetener....I cannot blaspheme in this, oh house of the perfect brew.Large: 2 bucks.Refill: 1 buck. F-ing SCORE.My companion had an Americano that, like mine, needed nothing. She and I sat in the comfy little space, snuggled among piles of pannetone and biscotti, and thought to ourselves "Selves, this is truly an Italian House of Coffee."+1 for sweet as pie and knowledgable baristas. Because nothing knocks a star off like a moron-barista. Thank you Anthony. Whoever you are.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,6/10/2011,4498,831,5,8,8>It's always nice to have a good diner nearby and the Hot Spot is a great addition to the area.  I live in Havertown and if I travel just a little east I can have a great meal at the Llanerch Diner.  If I go west for a diner meal I eat at the Hot Spot.* Big portions are the norm here.  Nobody goes away hungry and lots of folks will be taking home doggie bags.* The wait staff is great.  Most times it seems like your Mother is waiting on you.* The menu is giant.  Everything for everybody.  Keep in mind that the Hot Spot is Greek owned so there are plenty of Greek specialty dishes.* Prices are very reasonable.  Plan on spending about 10 bucks for a meal.The signage for this place is not very big so be careful you just don't drive right on by.  It would be your loss.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,5/11/2009,51,94,9,10,8>Ya...So last time I reviewed Bar Ferdinand which is conveniently adjacent from this establishment "El Camino Real" which by far is the closest thing to genuine tasty Tex/Mex and Mex made by "White Trendy Hipsters". But to the point I take back what I said about Bar Ferdinand. Especially since I friend the actual artist who did all the promotional art for the place and you can see his work every Thursday on the back of the City Paper advertising both BF and this place. Their pulled pork is extremely tender and will have you going Cookie Monster style nom nom for hours. What else but to have pulled pork on Texas toast and call it a sandwich? Only this place! And by golly it's worth every artery clog. And for you Vegan Making Time crowd, just kidding but you know who you are? ;)  They also serve Tex/Mex your way including fried pickles, YUM! Actually I noticed they really love their pickles. Everything including sandwiches come packed with them. I was pickled out by the end of my meal. I also noticed the crowds were great. Ranging of all trends, ages, and lifestyles, which to me is what most places should be. I didn't feel like someone was eyeing me up awkwardly and a waitress didn't say..."Sorry you're wearing sneakers, I um can't serve you"( Thanks Steven Star! *thumbs up* )Anyway, all are welcome here and it certainly carries a great vibe which the ever expanding condo rising Northern Liberties needs.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,5/10/2009,78,280,10,13,13>How can you not be excited to eat a place called King of Tandoor?  Say it out loud.  Really.  Now say it in a silly voice.  Are you grinning like a dork?  Yes you are.  Why?  Because you are awesome.Speaking of awesome, the food here is absolutely righteous.  My dining compadres ordered veggie and meat samosas (killer!) to start, plus chicken tikka masala (outstanding!), chicken dumpakht (it's like a magical Indian chicken pot pie), and veggie korma (creamy-good).   I ordered my standard litmus test for an Indian place: plain ol' chicken tikka (not chicken tikka masala), and hot damn, my socks were blown off.Dude, if you can make chicken breast chunks on a hot plate so mind-blowingly exciting that we're yelling Hallelujah, then ninja, you *are* the KING of TANDOOR.(The fine print: Yeah, like everyone else said: The service is pretty bleh, but the food is so good you won't care.)
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/9/2009,111,149,18,23,20>Ouch. My arms hurt. My abs hurt. My hands are sore, too. But damn if it wasn't worth it. Yesterday my friend and I took an introductory workshop in aerial arts at the region's only circus school (and one of only a handful in the country). While I had dreams of soaring gracefully from the rafters, I actually spent most of my time closer to the ground, as I am sadly lacking in the upper body and core strength necessary to really excel at aerial arts. Our instructor, on the other hand, was fresh off a tour of Asia with a real live circus. She was so encouraging that I temporarily forgot that I never could climb the rope in gym class and that my one pole dancing lesson was a borderline disaster. By the end of the class, I'd gotten a few feet up the corde lisse and managed to pull off semi-decent renditions of a couple of basic trapeze tricks. I was put to shame, though, by the 14-year-old next to me flipping effortlessly through 20-foot-high aerial silks a la Cirque du Soleil. It's a good thing everyone there is so welcoming and encouraging; despite my rank beginner status, I didn't feel a whiff of attitude in the bright, airy studio. Give me a month or so of hardcore push-ups and sit-ups, and I'll be back to really give this a shot. And PSCA has a little something for everyone. If you're afraid of heights, there's also a tight wire, unicycles and juggling, among other things. Maybe I'll finally make good on my childhood threats of running away to join the circus.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,5/8/2009,35,58,6,7,8>National Mechanics is like a long-time boyfriend to me: cozy, familiar, and everything I look for in a mate: clean, attractive, and fun to be around.Housed in a former bank-turned-church-turned-Coyote-Ugly bar, National Mechanics (or NattyMechs, as I like to call it) has retained elements of all three: high ceilings, brick walls, dark paint, narrow, wooden church pews, stained glass windows, and a long, gorgeous bar -- although you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone dancing on it.During lunch, they have cheap burgers and veggie burgers, and during Happy Hour, all drafts are $1 off. My favorite night to come to NM's is Wednesday for Quizzo with Irish John (3+ hours of spelling words using reproductive organs/arguing about the absolute zero of water); but the vibe in here is pretty much always kicking.Of course, like any long-term partner, NattyM's and I have had our tiffs - like when they raised the price of the lunch burger from $5 to $6 -- and the popcorn chicken from $6 to $8. My wallet certainly took a beating that month. And yes, as everyone has noted, they never have enough people working, and sometimes it can take over an hour to get your food.But the truth is: I really don't mind waiting. The atmosphere is laid-back and comforting, the tunes are awesome (check out what's playing here: last.fm/user/natmechanics) and the waitstaff are super-friendly and accommodating -- even when you show up with 20 people and just order pitchers.The aforementioned popcorn chicken are to die for; the veggie burger might be the best in city (Yes, it really is THAT GOOD); the loaded nachos are banging. Bring you friends -- there's plenty of room for all!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/7/2009,29,60,6,9,8>If you're a vegetarian who works in center city, this place just might become your best friend...at the very least, it's the best vegetarian option at Liberty Place (and if you're a pregnant lady working in center city with severe indian food cravings that strike at random, it might be your best friend too...but I digress...)Like Sara, I usually get the vegetarian combo -- you get your choice of two dishes (from at least five vegetarian options, which change daily), a large portion of rice, and naan.  Personally, I really like the naan but it might be a little too fluffy for purists.  Other stuff:  They have a punch-card reward program where if you buy ten combos, you get the 11th free.  The manager is a really nice guy too and will recognize you after you've visited a couple of times.  Oh, and don't be put off if you've visited Cafe Spice in Old City and been underwhelmed -- this little sister version is cheaper and has better food.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,5/6/2009,3,9,5,9,6>Fu Wah is the best corner store in the area. And I don't even care about tofu hoagies. Every time I eat one, my mouth burns for hours. Several people have pointed out to me that I could order them without hot sauce/jalapenos, but I'd rather just eat something else. However, as the rest of West Philly is obsessed with these things, you'd probably do well to ignore me on this point. What really impresses me about Fu Wah is their enormous selection of totally bizarre items. They almost always have what I'm looking for, even when it's some weird specialty (ethnic, vegan, etc.) ingredient. And their service is unbeatable. The dude who's always working the counter jokes around with me when I come in and has asked me and my boyfriend if there's anything that they don't stock that we'd like them to start carrying (at the time we couldn't think of anything, though a couple of things have come to mind since--tempeh, soy cheese). A couple of other things--if you're ordering a sandwich, be prepared to wait a little while, especially on the weekends. This place gets busy. Also, they don't take cards, but since there's an ATM in the store, this isn't a huge inconvenience.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,5/5/2009,151,303,5,6,6>This is my go-to place. NOT just because it is two blocks from where I live. 1) $3 mystery beer. Take it or leave it ... 2) Ostrich burger. So good! Just don't order it well done or it will come out like a "hockey puck" according to the waitress3) Really friendly bartenders (except one, and you know who you are, DF)4) Great place to watch the Phillies!5) Wings. I am not a wing-person, by no means an expert, but they are good here! 6) For non-mystery beer types, there is a pretty good beer selectionJust don't come on Quizzo night if you aren't playing. Since the place is so tiny, it just gets too loud for anything other than Quizzo.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,5/3/2009,134,370,8,11,8>Normally, I would dock a half a star at least for expense and for a good but not outstanding entree, but our waitress was so ridiculously awesome she makes up for it. Really, fantastic. So if you go, Grace is the bomb.We had an assortment of appetizers, all of which were awesome. I'd really recommend the baked oysters with asiago, v. yummy. I approve of anything wrapped in bacon, so the asparagus was great, and the gnocchi was so well made. Not chewy, just perfect.I got the salmon, which, like I said, was very good, but not the best thing i had that night. It comes with basil and eggplant chutney.The scallops I tried were stellar. We did the chocolate mousse and banana bread pudding, and the former was far overshadowed by the latter. I wanted to curl up in the bread pudding and go to sleep, it tasted like a down comforter. In a good way.So despite the expense, five stars, my friend. Even if Grace didn't come out with us after.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,5/1/2009,147,184,15,15,13>Without exaggeration I can not remember ever having a better burger in my life. The kind of burger that makes you say, "If I opened a burger joint I would make mine just like this".If it is actually possible, the fries may have even out shined the burgers! Previous reviews mention closing at 9pm and no fries. We were served by three of the sweetest ladies ever just after 9:30 and the labor intensive basket of fried potato greatness hit our table shortly after ordering. No long wait for anything. To know: Main thing to know is that the burgers are huge. Big patties on big delicious buns, almost like a chala (sp), with fat ingredients...they put half an avocado on my girlfriends burger! Holy guac-a-Moly! So yes, awkwardly huge and drip down your arm delicious! Smash it down, and go to town!Ok, in my post burger bliss (is it possible for men to have after-glow) I am rambling. So let me just share one last thing. I want to share an example of food "love". The owner is neither vegan nor vegetarian, yet she painstakingly spends hours a day preparing items to serve both lifestyles. If she is going to spend that much time rolling brown rice and lord knows what else into something she believes even a meat eater would love, well then you know she put's the love in every other item on the menu too.One final personal note: If the horse faced hipster, retread valley girl, shoving 10lbs of shit in a 5lb bag, loud mouth bitch that couldn't stop talking about all the band guys numbers she has and utters the phrase "Philadel-phia Taa too Cun-vention" every third sentence is reading this. Shut the fuck up already! You are not cool, you are not original. The only difference between you and the most annoying of sorority girls is 3 jars of ranch dressing and your gas station shades vs. her designer sunglasses. The only reason those dorks were with you is because they heard you gave it away like Christ gave away loaves and fishes.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,4/30/2009,17,8,3,4,4>Well, well, well...my girlfriend took me here for my birthday last week, and I have to say that I was thoroughly impressed! The place was rammed when we got there, so the wait for a table was a bit epic (45 minutes...meh), but we persevered while sampling some of the EXTREMELY well-stocked bar's wares. The vaunted 'Beer Bible' really is almost the holy grail for beer drinkers and is at least on par with the selection on hand at Eulogy, but I digress. When we finally did get seated - our bellies filled with Chimay and Lindemans - we were surprised to find a fairly eclectic and high quality menu. So many 'high end' pubs fall victim to serving the same fare as their competitors, but Monk's has both more on offer than Eulogy and higher quality food. Their mussels, which can be steamed to order in a variety of delectable broths, are incredible, but what really sold me was the duck salad sandwich. Call me a sucker, but I love pretty much anything with duck in it, and when you add goat cheese, walnuts and craisins...well, let's just say I'd like to have one of these a day for the rest of my life!Put me down as a raving lunatic of a fan for this place. I can definitely say this is the sort of place I'll be bringing out-of-town friends to when they swing through. Next time, I'm going to get a burger...
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/17/2013,126,708,1,9,4>Sometimes all of those annoying menus that get stuffed into your mailbox lead to good finds. Yellowtail's arrived announcing their Grand Opening with a 10% discount (now expired). We hadn't eaten sushi in a bit, so I thought why not try them out since they're on my way back from my evening gym class. I ordered their 3 roll special (same price as Machi - 10.95) with spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and yellowtail scallion, an eel avocado roll, and tuna tartar (which turned out to be spicy although the menu didn't say that). They have online ordering, which is convenient if you want to place an order for a much later pickup time, and you can add a lot of different items to the rolls in your 3 roll special order, which is great!Machi Sushi is my fiance's go-to place, but after eating our various rolls he turned to me and said that not only was Yellowtail's yellowtail scallion roll far superior, he thinks that their fish might somehow be fresher - it certainly did taste just a little bit better. My only gripe is that I'd like the spicy sauce to be spicier, and that they use less of it since some pieces seemed to ooze that mayo as I picked them up (ugh). But otherwise, delicious! The tartar was spicy, with a layer of avocado underneath and a nice heaping of caviar on top. I'll definitely be ordering from Yellowtail again!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/16/2013,25,29,7,12,7>The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down - glasses up! Ciao to Americanized Italian food, hello to wonderful traditional fare in a beautiful atmosphere, with top knotch service . Try the pizza, the wood fired octopus is also a rare delicacy. Drinks are delicious. Neighborhood is "up and coming" so park close by, so you will return to find your car. Once again, Osteria is exceptionally highly recommended. Make reservations far in advance.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/15/2013,4,3,54,73,64>Natalie and Jose have been great and very dependable for our puppy Animal. We have had them feed and walk him every weekday for almost 6 months now. The prices are very reasonable and we pay for 2 weeks at a time up front. The very few times that they were unable to walk Animal, they made sure that they had a reliable person come to take care of him so that we didn't have to worry about who would take care of him. They leave notes daily about how Animal is doing and are very passionate about how much they really enjoy taking care of him. They also send us pictures of Animal playing and walking every once in a while which is my favorite. They are very reliable and dependable dog walkers and care takers.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/14/2013,135,283,7,11,5>What's not to like? $10 from the airport to Center City versus $28.50 flat rate at Philly Taxi. C'mon, that's a steal!Once you get to the baggage claim at the airport (and *after* you get your bags, unfortunately) you put your name in with the semi-grumpy guy at the desk and dial 27. This is like a secret code, or platform 9 3/4 if you're Harry Potter. Then you tell the guy your name and destination and get a ticket with a number. Ten or so minutes later the guy at the desk calls your number and BAM you're on a shuttle. In my case, I was the last of a group of seven so I got on and away we went. 3:48pm: in the van. 4:33pm: home. Total ride time: 45 minutes. Now granted, this was because I live in Old City and the six other people in the bus lived in West Philly, so we started at 47th street and slooooowly worked our way east. Honestly though? Oh well. I got to see some neat houses and murals, and I saved $18.50 doing it. Win.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/13/2013,68,165,5,8,4>My computer now has about 10 tabs open for "how to make pho"...purely because I don't want to be the awkward person showing up at Saigon Cuisine for every meal. Seriously, it's that good. After reading Ben W.'s review, and realizing how stupidly close it was to my apartment, I headed over for an early dinner on Sunday. The beef brisket pho was so delicious-the broth is perfect for a cold winter day and the noodles were cooked to perfection. I just went back for lunch today and the beef eye is even better; I highly recommend it. With any pho, you get a 1 qt container of soup, and a takeout box full of noodles, sprouts, hot sauce, peppers, and lime. I'm not the biggest fan of the sprouts, but try putting some of the lime in!Service for takeout was quick and friendly-I was in and out in under 5 minutes. The first time I went, there was no one in the store but today there were at least a few tables. As soon as the Penn community hears about it, I think this place will be packed. Between here and Ramen Bar, there's no contest.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,3/12/2013,112,203,3,11,8>Being an avid weekend bruncher, me and my crew decided to check this place out one Saturday afternoon instead of our usuals (Sabrina's, Honey's, etc). Being a little off our beaten path, we decided to give it a shot. I'm so extremely happy we did! This place may be described a lot of ways but the one thing that makes it outstanding above all else is the food. Best huevos rancheros I've ever eaten hands down. Their homemade hot sauce makes me too excited to contain myself. The sweet stuff (french toast, crepes) will give you diabetes and an unrelenting feeling of  happiness for the rest of your day. Every item on the specials board is outstanding. I am overly impressed by their sides as well. I know this may be an overlooked quality at many a food establishment, but not here. Their sausage is delicious, turkey bacon is perfectly cooked, and their fruit plate is composed of like 5-6 varieties without a piece of honeydew in sight. Drawbacks are that yes, it is well known how amazing this place is so they get crowded ad you'll have to wait at peak times. Service can be semi slow if they're packed. Cash only, but there is an ATM present in house. It does leave you smelling rather greasy when you're done. Overlook all of these things, bring good people +/- a bottle(s) of bubbly, and eat some of the best brunch in the city. Also, order extra hot sauce.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/11/2013,269,506,1,4,5>Craft beer lovers rejoice!  The Pour House is a South Jersey mecca for craft beer enthusiasts, and apparently oyster enthusiasts as well.  I went to Pour House during a Flyers game, and thankfully sat right by a big TV.  That, coupled with a delicious 10% ABV IPA made for a perfect night!The Pour House's beer list is awe-inspiring.  From what I understand they are constantly rotating, so there's always something new to try.  Their food menu is a nice balance of bar food and regular restaurant food.  I opted for a tuna burger and sweet potato fries which was quite good, and a perfect  accompaniment to my brew.  Apparently there is an oyster situation going on here too.  I don't know the first thing about oysters, but it seemed like they had a lot of variety.While I don't frequent this section of Jersey much, the next time I do I will certainly stop back and see what's on draft.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/10/2013,828,1172,3,11,7>Review 1000!!!And a birthday dinner review at that!When I realized that the time frame of hitting my 1000th review was going to fall around the time of my birthday dinner I knew that I was going to have to pick a Philly restaurant that was worthy of both occasions. At first the task proved daunting when my first choice (A tasting menu at a restaurant beginning with a Z that I have recommended on countless occasions based on YOUR reviews) didn't have a reservation on the needed day. But then it hit me that there was still a very worthy Philly chef out there who's food I've had yet to sample. While I've enjoyed offerings from Garces and Starr restaurants,  food from the likes of Solomonov and McAndrews, and have shared plenty of off kilter moments with the likes of Chiang and Jacobson, the fine Italian cuisine of Marc Vetri is something that has up until this point alluded me. Of late I've found myself salivating over the thought of his pizza, pasta and homemade salumi; and had become especially fond and appreciative of the charitable efforts he does with the Vetri Foundation. So while the dilemma of choosing between Osteria and Amis was a challenge, the baked pecorino was enough of a wild card to delight the cheese monger in me and the reservation was set.Many reviews on here go into the extra attentiveness of the staff, and our table did experience that in some ways such as having 2 different servers check on our table, and asking how everything was during our meal a few times too many. It also created a couple of "Whos on First?" style moments when one would complete the dessert order or check taking that the other started. But if anything it was done in a way that was extra accommodating and informative as opposed to being extra aggressive and overbearing. And it showed in the little details like them adding a birthday candle to my dessert when they overheard our table having a birthday discussion.Every so very often there comes a menu that sounds so enticing that I want to order and savor one of everything on it. And with its various bruschettas, homemade salumi, classic and elevated pasta dishes, incredible sounding fish dish and meat dishes, and overall old world Italian meets new world Italian feel, it was VERY much the case at Amis. Which is especially amicable given the tripe, tongue, and liver dishes that they had. the salami del giorno was enticing with its fennel inside and rich marmalade accompaniment. the eggplant caponata  was fresh and robust in all of the right places. But the star of the appetizer show was definitely the baked pecorino with almond honey. In all my years of being a cheese monger I never thought I'd be able to see a typically hard and grate-able cheese like pecorino presented in a way that was so soft and gooey. But seeing and especially tasting is believing. And seeing experiencing it with that decadent honey made me a believer!It is important to remember not to hit up an Indonesian noodle market for a quick lunch before going to a place that's known for its pasta for dinner. And since I was one to sadly make such an error (D'oh!), I wasn't up for getting the chestnut fettucine with duck ragu that I otherwise would have gotten (double D'oh!). But in the experience of trying something that I wasn't at least somewhat familiar with I ordered the grilled cobia tagliata for main. And what I gotwas an incredible swordfish style whitefish that was meaty and not overwhelmingly fishy thanks to its fennel and citrus accompaniment. One could get hooked on the potent and fruity vodka and lemon infused Amis Punch if they're not to careful. But fortunately the small yet impressionable draught list was enough to have me intrigued. And the Trubbel De Yards delivered a malty yet fruity complexion that I wasn't expecting from a dark beer. Normally dessert is another tricky thing to choose. but the prospect of a homemade salted butter ice cream sundae with blood orange and crushed chocolate biscotti was pretty damn hard to pass up.  And it was the perfect final bite to a flawless meal that already has me craving more!!!
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,3/8/2013,58,214,4,8,8>I've only been to Chinatown twice and I ate here both times -- I don't know if I can branch out to anywhere else now, I'm that hooked.  The noodles are perfect, I like both the hand-drawn and shredded styles.  I think the shredded lends itself better to stir fry and hand drawn to soup, but I don't think you can go wrong either way.  The soup broth is delicious.  I could fill up a Big Gulp cup and drink it on it's own.  Their dumplings or potstickers are great too.  I don't know if they're made in house or just reheated from frozen, but if it's the later I'd like to know the brand!Everything is well priced and I can't say I've eaten anything there I didn't love.  It's also quite clean for a place in Chinatown, not that a bit of grit has ever stopped me before.  Service is very fast and quite friendly.Only went a week or so ago but I already can't wait to go back.  I really wish this was closer to me, but perhaps that wouldn't be good for my waistline.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,3/7/2013,331,353,9,11,11>You fools!  You said Restaurant Week was designed for suckers, but I assure you Zahav was magic and the best RW experience I ever had.  Granted, you can get the same menu at Zahav for a few dollars more any night, but I still felt like we were racking up hundreds on our bill when we were only racking up tens.  We started with the hummus and salatim of course and I was easily wooed with the beets, the eggplant, and the carrots.  The others were good too, but those three were my favorites.  On to the Mezze.  We got the cauliflower, which as you know, is one of the best things there.  The haloumi was great since the saltiness went well with the dates.  You may have to check your morality at the door since the veal sweetbreads were so good and had the perfect tangy smack of passionfruit.  We also got the cod, which was just ok. For Al Ha'esh we went with the Duck Kabob and the Merguez.  Both were solid and complimented the other flavors on the plate.  We were still reeling from the Mezze and were also starting to get quite full.  For dessert, I had the halvah mousse with cruncy chickpeas.  The mousse was good, but the chickpeas didn't retain their crunch.If chefs are the new rockstars, then Michael Solomonov is Bruce Springsteen.  He wants you to have a front row seat.  He gives you a good show and then there are bonuses along the way like the citrus salad or the rugelach that comes with the check.  I nearly had a Mister Creosote moment when I saw that rugelach, but what, you want me to starve?  I made it happen.  The staff was amazing.  There was no RW frowny faces here.  I felt so welcomed and spoiled.  Then, to top it off, they gave us a $10 off card for our next meal.  Looks like I get to go back again kids!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/28/2014,4498,831,9,30,24>Yelp strikes again and finds this wonderful Mexican gem for the lovely wife and me!  It's just slightly off the beaten track in Clifton Heights.  It will take you less than a minute from the Home Depot.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but trust me and stop in.The atmosphere is vibrant and delightful (see my pic). It feels like a fine dining restaurant but is still very casual.  There is no need to dress up.Speaking of need, you do need to stop at a Wine & Spirits store because these folks are BYOT (Tequila).  Solidad (the owner) will mix you a huge potent margarita in a stunning glass.  Check out my picture of the lovely wife with hers.So Solidad runs the front of the house and may wait on you herself.    On busy nights her daughters help out as wait staff.  Her husband is the excellent chef so it's 100% family run.  Expect courteous, knowledgeable service and a surprise near the end of your meal.  If you're good, Solidad will sing for you and she is amazing!You'll receive chips and a very good salsa while you take your first sips of your margarita.Last night we shared SOPES for $4.95 as our appetizer. We received three fresh corn tortillas spread with refried beans and shredded chicken and topped with hot sauce, chopped onions, and fresh cheese.  One bite and we both smiled with pleasure. The first thought that came to my mind was how fresh tasting they were.For my entree I chose CHILES RELLENOS for $15.95 and they were the best version I have ever enjoyed.  We're talking Poblano peppers stuffed with picadilo, a savory ground beef mixture, and dipped in egg batter and lightly fried, covered with creamy tomato sauce.  They were OMG delicious.The wife chose HUACHINAGO AL MOJO DE AJO for $16.95. This was something you don't see every day in a Mexican restaurant.  It was red snapper filet sautéed in a garlic oil, lime juice and Worcestershire sauce and covered with toasted garlic sauce.  She declared it scrumptious! Check out my picture as it was a beautiful plate and a substantial portion. Delaware County is certainly not known for its Mexican restaurants but this one is definitely worth a visit!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/27/2014,88,407,4,11,4>I've been to Chris' three times now, and I've really enjoyed the music each time. Even though the space is a little worn and less fancy than some of the Phila jazz clubs of yore (e.g. Zanzibar Blue), it's a very welcoming place. Some points of note:- they get some great artists to play here. Even if you go on a weeknight for the smaller acts, you will generally catch a good show. - the staff is very nice. I really like that the pleasant host meets you at the door and escorts you to a table in a very cordial manner. - the cocktails - the cocktails here are creative and contain some very good liquor, including a nice representation from Phila. Distilling, who makes Bluecoat Gin, Penn Vodka, etc. - the beer selection is just kind of OK. You will not see a large selection of crafts here, but you may find a couple of tasty gems. For example, when we were here, we got the Yards Love Stout on nitro, which was delicious. They also had the SBC pils noir (a black pilsner), which is good. - the cover can vary highly here depending on who's playing. Last night, it was $5/10 (which means $5 to sit in the back of the house/bar area and $10 for a table near the stage). The first time I came here, I must have unwittingly stumbled into a big event since the cover was $25! One nice thing is that they add it to your check, so you don't need to fumble with cash at the door. A side effect of that (which I don't particularly mind, but seems of note) is that you will pay tax and tip on the cover, making it even higher. - you will encounter one of the coolest dressed crowds in the city here. When I was here, I was not cooly dressed. I stood out. If you own a dapper hat (perhaps a porkpie or a fedora) and have been looking for the right place to wear it, this is the place. - it's a little unpleasant walking up to the space since the sidewalk on Sansom is lined with huge dumpsters that smell. I really think they should get rid of these. And so, thus concludes my random list of associations about Chris'. I definitely think I will be back here again.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/26/2014,331,353,12,11,9>If Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, Ross, and Joey* knew what was good for them, they would have packed up their stuff, (recliners, dog statue, yellow frames et all) and moved down to Rittenhouse where they could frequent La Colombe for some fancypants coffee.This isn't 1997 in some NBC studio though.  It is 2013.  It is real life where I am a girl who gave up on the feeling of ever being sufficiently caffeinated.  Long gone are the days when a simple cup of coffee could give me a flutter in my heart and some gas in my tank.  I know caffeine is a drug because it used to make me so high and by high I mean euphoric.  It is a legal drug afterall and boy was I an addict.Nowadays, I settle on just functioning with a cup of coffee and Dunkin and Wawa are acceptable means to an end.  I haven't felt the surge of caffeine in years, but this week that changed.  On a quick lunch break, I was treated to the presence of Aaliyah P (who delivers a burst of energy to all who surround her anyway).  She bought me my first cup of iced coffee from La Colombe.  I was happy to see simple syrup and all sorts of fun additives to make an already cup of iced joe better.  Back at the office, I began to feel something.  That flutter in my heart that left me in my early 20's after all my all-nighters came back to me.  I didn't know I could feel this way again.  And of course, I needed to feel it again and again like a true addict.  So 2 days later I went back and found myself in a blissful state again. it only cost me $2...I'm done for.  Sure, this too will pass and I will become numb again, but for now, I have found my liquid joy again. *Apologies for such a dated reference, but I just recently got cable and learned that Friends is on pretty much any time of the day.  Should you need a Central Perk fix, you needn't look too hard....and apparently I have now confessed two shameful addictions.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,1/25/2014,293,115,12,17,11>The 4 Ws of Shake Shack:WHAT:This modern day "roadside" burger franchise makes burgers, hot dogs, frozen custard, and shakes. Yes, they even serves wine. From humble beginnings as a hot dog cart in NYC to new locations in places like London, it has now become an global foodie sensation. WHERE:Located in the heart of Rittenhouse. You cannot miss it. Just come at lunchtime on any given day and you'll see the masses of hungry carnivores lining outside this establishment. WHY:1) SHACK BURGER($4.60 for single, $7.20 for double)- flavorful and juicy beef stuffed inside a sweet, savory bun. 100% all-natural Angus beef. No hormones and no antibiotics  added. 2) FRIES ($2.70)- Crispy and crunchy on the outside, perfectly soft on the inside. You may also top it with their special blend of cheddar and American cheese sauce! YUMM!3) CONCRETES ($4.25)- Dense frozen custard ice cream blended at high speed with mix-ins. DELISH! You may choose to customize or choose from a selection of varied combinations. BREAKING NEWS: Waiting patiently for the CRONUT version concrete to come to Philly. Apparently it's "better than sex"...WHEN:Take Shake Shack for what it is. Not the cheapest. Not the most expensive. Not the fastest service (long lines). Come here without expectations and you'll find it's a great tasting burger place with really good fries and awesome frozen custard.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/24/2014,61,275,,9,3>I've been dying to try out Sky Zone for months now. It turns out I picked the worst time of the week to go. I discovered Saturday nights around 6:30 are peak hours for kiddie birthday parties, however my friends and I (all in our early 30's) found a corner and had so much fun. I thought jumping on a trampoline would be just like riding a bike! It's not. It takes a lot out of you, but it was a blast.We only paid for 30 minutes so I didn't get to check out the basketball and dodgeball and jump into a bunch of foam blocks, but it's on my list of things to do for next time. Even though 30 minutes of non-stop jumping was plenty for me, I will definitely go for the full hour next time--more time to check out the other areas and maybe a take a five minute break. Also saw they have fitness classes for $14 a session, which I would love to do too. Sounds like a lot more fun than doing the elliptical at the gym.I also definitely recommend paying the extra $2 for the socks. They are so much more comfortable than the free shoes. And hey, you have them for next time at least.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/23/2014,116,232,6,8,7>Taco Riendo is so great and a go to spot for bringing out of town friends.   It is cheap, delicious, adorable, friendly service, and BYOB.  What else could you want, people?  I wouldn't come here for a romantic night unless it's warm out and you can enjoy their lovely patio! Nice lights, plants, etc. A wise, taco-knowledgeable friend once told me that you can judge a taco place by their al pastor.  This place passes the test with flying colors.  Added  bonus:  Went here on a bike tour and got free tequila shots and coronitas.  As others mentioned, it is cash only. But hey, they have to keep their prices low somehow.  Deal with it.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/22/2014,147,140,3,10,9>Wow. Seriously, wow. I'm blown away by the elegance and professionalism I recently experienced at Falls Flowers.I've been a lucky recipient of a few bouquets from this shop (thanks Jeff M!) and I've always been impressed with the quality of flowers and unique arrangements. Yesterday I went to purchase a bouquet for my manager to accompany a gift. I walked right in and basically said this is how much money I'd like to spend and I'd love a gorgeous bouquet for my mgr. it was that simple.The super friendly girl at the shop said I could either pick my own flowers, a color pattern or a budget and she would design it or just leave it all up to them which is what I did.The turnaround time was so fast! It could have been done right then and there but I opted to pick up the flowers the next day. They were ready when I got there and way more beautiful then I could have hoped for. Needless to say my manager loved them!PS you can bring your well behaved pup into the shop!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,1/21/2014,112,203,,10,8>It was quite some time coming, but Honey's Grad Hospital is OPEN! This place was rumored to open well over a year ago, but nothing started happening (visibly) at their spot at 21st and South St until a couple of months ago. Never the less, it has an identical menu as the Northern Liberties location, and equally well executed. I had such a satisfying, happy meal here that it made me question why it's been so long since I've been to Honey's for brunch. Oh right, it was probably the hour + wait and drive to NL, that's why. All of that was forgotten and I had the same amazing huevos rancheros, coffee, and veggie sausage that I had forgotten in years past.Including the food, everything else here is pretty identical to their original location as well. Similar "old farmhouse/warehouse" decor except obviously new here, same kind/attentive service, same cash only establishment (ATM available), same fresh OJ, same amazingly brewed coffee, same latkes.... This is all great in my book. As expected, it was already crazy packed on their first opening weekend, and I give them a lot of credit for taking on the crowds in stride. No sense of them being overwhelmed or unprepared. Way to go Honey's G-Ho!!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/20/2014,75,154,,8,3>Yes, yes, and yes! I am so excited to call Le Cheri my new neighbor. Chef Pierre and Charlotte have jumped right in to the Rittenhouse Restaurant scene with a distinct splash! Le Cheri has all the same charm as their first restaurant, Bibou, but with the room to accommodate a much larger crowd. Currently BYOB but they will begin serving their selection of French wines and open bar next week.I am truly excited to see where this place goes in the next couple of months. The menu is already mouth watering with the funkiness of Bibou mixed with a couple more traditional french dishes. Modestly priced, I was pretty surprised to notice. Around $22-28 dollars and the appetizers not over $10. Unfortunately (or fortunately?) for Charlotte and Pierre, I think I am going to be hanging around this spot A LOT. What we got:French onion soupBreaded pork terrine with side cornichonsBeef bourguignon with house made tagliatelle Roasted bronzino with wine soaked salsify as well as a salsify pureeWarm apple tartine with cinnamon ice creamObviously everything was out of this world. I highly recommend everything we got...but also encourage you to order anything there because you just can't go wrong. I'll be back ASAP to try more!PS. They are booking up FAST FAST! Get your reservations now
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,1/19/2014,69,173,1,8,7>If you seek a cocktail bar without a hint of pretense, check out 1 Tippling Place. Its unmarked door is easy to miss, but peek inside to find an inviting room with classy furnishings and a decidedly laid back, yet elegant, vibe. Bartenders at this quiet cocktail lounge expediently sling concoctions on par with the rest of the city's hallowed temples of mixology. Don't see anything you like? Name a base spirit and some sort of flavor motif, chances are the bartenders will think of something to your liking. Prices tend to furthermore be a buck or two less than at comparable joints, and drink sizes are more generous.What I dig the most about this spot is the aforementioned welcoming vibe and lack of pretense. You'll receive equivalent treatment whether you show up in shorts and a t-shirt or a three-piece suit, and the quality of that service excels. Well-executed cocktails and genuinely friendly service make 1 Tippling among my favorite imbibing options in Rittenhouse.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,12/31/2012,181,207,6,13,11>I love beer. I love burgers. I love mussels. And I'm only seriously liking the skinny fries, since the bourbon mayo makes up for it. I've been here on several occasions, and never have been disappointed. (A few, strong beers always helps!)Anyways, I wrote a poem about Monk's. Here goes!If you're in the area of 16th and Spruce, You must come to Monk's and let yourself loose.Try a new craft beer or fall in love with the Tripel Karmeliet.Head over to the intimate back bar, and order some pomme frites.The mussels are phenomenal, the broth full of delicious, unforgettable flavor. My favorite style is the Ghent. Order the large with more bread to dip and savor.Order some more beer. A good one to try is the fabulous Delirium Tremens.Keep going with another glass. Ask for the beer bible, it's heaven in your hands.Burgers are quite tasty. Antwerp is my choice for the shitake and melting truffle cheeseAnother beer I fancy? Russian River Damnation. Order, and say, "Yes, please!"I enjoy this place with a group of friends, but it does get crowded, so prepare for a wait.This is a neighborhood gem that is easy to find. I recommend you go here, and bring a mate!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,12/30/2012,996,928,13,11,10>Philly diners, I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat every last one of you. Why? You should already know. You don't know? Fine, I'll explain it-For some idiotic reason, you have not been dining at Spice 28. When Bobby Flay opens a mediocre burger place(with great shakes) in U. City, the line might as well extend out to King of Prussia. In contrast, when the best new Asian fusion restaurant in Philadelphia opens its doors to the public, you ignore it like an ex lover who won't stop sending messages when you come away from idle on gchat.Anyhow, the biggest highlight of my meal here was the the ahi tuna dumplings. These are delicious dumplings served on a guacamole that's way too good to be found at a non-Mexican restaurant.The Dan Dan noodles are good, but Han's are better.The spicy cucumbers are very, very good.The blue crab salad is excellent. It is a nice hearty serving of crab served over a half an avocado.It is really strange to see how well Spice 28 wields the power of the mighty avocado.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,12/29/2012,183,210,,4,3>I have been here twice, and I had good experiences both times.On a Monday, some friends and I ended up here. It took our server a little too long to take our order, but that's okay. We ordered some fries for the table that were delicious. Portions weren't huge, but I didn't think that was a big problem. It took our food awhile to arrive, but everyone was happy when they started eating. I ordered the soup of the day - Celeriac which was very good. I also got the 4 cheese mac, which I loved. It was nice and creamy with pieces of pretzels and goldfish on top that I thought was a nice touch. Friends at the table got the meatballs, Cod sandwich (and the size of the fish was not tiny as a previous reviewer mentioned), one of the salads, and the burger. Everyone liked their food, and the service was good. Went again on a Sunday about 12:30 for brunch. Portions here are not Sabrinas, but honestly, every time I go to Sabrinas I leave feeling disgustingly full, so I'm okay with this not being that. I ordered an omelet with brie, onion, and sausage that came with fries and some apple for $11.50. (Regular omelets are $10 but this was a build your own variety.) The omelet was very tasty, with plenty of brie and big chunks of sausage. Friends ordered the scrapple biscuit sandwich, lamb and poached egg over sweet potatoes (which was on the smaller side but looked great), and another omelet with salmon and cream cheese. Again, everyone was happy. They only charge $1.50 for coffee, and I had several cups. I also ordered a bloody mary, which was really good! I like this place. I wasn't blown away by it, but I think the food is solid and the drinks are good. The wait staff and manager, in my experiences, have been great. Not everything was perfect, but I enjoyed this place and will be back.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,12/28/2012,94,100,14,4,6>Pho 75 is my first Pho girlfriend. Being Chinese, this was my first foray in to the vastness of Vietnamese food. But I cheated on her, and broke her heart. To this day whenever I drive down Washington Ave and past the 11th street Vietnamese Market, I look away in shame and self-loathing. There was a time when her siren broth and tender briskets would melt my heart, and fill my stomach. But I found sexier and more promiscuous alternatives to Pho 75. Her broth was clean and safe, but others were dirty and adventurous. Her noodles were simple and soft, but others were complicated and rough. While her meat was tender and comforting, others were varied and orgasmic. But I will never forget Pho 75 for a symbolic reason, and I will love her forever. I only hope she never sees me sweating, eating, and moaning to another bowl.I am sorry Pho 75, I will always love you.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/27/2012,36,106,9,10,6>For a relaxing, easy, back to nature experience you can't beat this eight mile drive through scenic salt marshes that are full of bird and wild life.  The views out to AC and the Atlantic ocean are stunning and we've also seen some beautiful sunsets here.  It costs $4 per car and you leave it in an envelope so make sure you have the correct amount of cash.We almost always see turtles, skimmers, egrets, herons and the grand ospreys are usually in their huge nests, pointedly ignoring us (with a dignity befitting the most indifferent of cats) as we view their magnificent selves.  On one memorable day in December we were parked and chatting,  just enjoying the view out to AC when a gigantic flock of snow geese came flying directly at us a la a scene from "The Birds" - they didn't bash into the car or anything but it was pretty cool in a scary kind of way.It's great if you have people with limited mobility or are just feeling totally lazy because you can simply drive though the entire place and get all the beautiful views from the car.  Or if you are feeling a bit energetic there are a couple of short trails you can stop and hike and there is also a viewing tower to climb to get more of a "bird's eye view" hehehe.    We usually go on a spur of the moment so don't have our binoculars - they enhance but are not vital to having a lovely visit.The only negative part of the trip can be the insects - at different times of the year we've been accosted by both mosquitoes and/or greenheads - they seem to practically attack the car, crawling along the windows as you drive along with a "I vant to suck your bluuuud" type of crazed urgency.   So if it's hot out and your car does not have air conditioning, skip this place until cooler weather.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,12/26/2012,140,214,,6,6>Alright,Just so you don't think I'm trying to be flaky here, I'm increasing my review one more time. We recently came back for another try. I was worried it was too early, but the option of a hot bowl of ramen on a cold afternoon was just too enticing to turn down.We came back again, and boy were we happy we did this time!The RB burger appetizer was GREAT! The bun was light, soft, slightly sweet, just how I like it - and the pork was juicy and soft - the way it should be - and as if the sauce inside the bun wasn't already good enough, there was a wasabi sauce on the plate that added another level of complexity and surprise for the dish. 5/5. MUST TRY.The tori kara-age (fried chicken appetizer) - well, it was okay. It didn't help that we got this after the RB burger. Actually, this came out even after our ramen came out. That was interesting. Anyway, the breading was thin, which I did like, but the flavoring/sauce - well, it had a bit of spicy/sweetness, and it just didn't really do it for me. 2.5/5We got the shoyu ramen and shoyu chashumen. Looking at each bowl side by side, it was hard to tell exactly which one was which, but the soup broth was distinctly different. Again, the shoyu ramen was cleaner tasting, and surprisingly oilier than I remember. The ramen noodles were perfectly prepared this time - not too hard, not too soft, just chewy and right. My wife and I agreed that the shoyu ramen was the favorite between the 2, and I'd say that I'd rate the shoyu ramen a 5/5 (again), and the shoyu chashumen a close 4.5/5 - simply because I like the broth of the shoyu ramen more.  But hey, if you like miso, then you might appreciate the chashumen more.Next time, I'll try the Tonkotsu Ramen - that is, if I can resist the urge to get the shoyu ramen.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/25/2012,83,236,4,7,4>Dare I say better than Kozy Shack??  Yes!  And that is not an insult.  I LOVE Kozy Shack pudding.  Even though it's commercially produced, I think everyone knows they put crack in it.   The salted caramel pudding from Audabon is AHHHH-MAZING.  Yum yum yum.  I happened upon the stand, which is located on the concourse of Suburban Station, today, by chance.  I'm glad I stopped for a sample of the salted caramel pudding.  The pudding is heaven.  You can taste the salt and the sweet and it's soooo smooth and creamy.  The portion is more than generous and the price is right at $5.  I can't comment on the macaroons, because I didn't eat any, but I definitely will be back to try them, as well as the panna cotta.This is the best pudding I've ever tasted.  I want to roll around in it.  I will dream of this pudding tonight.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2012,12/24/2012,136,204,5,6,4>Pretty good, Noche. Pretty good.Let me start that when people first suggested this place to me, I was thinking "ugh... another Rittenhouse shit show." Kind of avoided it, because I'd grouped it in with a bunch of places that I tend to dislike, due to a combination of douchey clientele, undeservingly high prices, ridiculous covers and crappy music.So, imagine my surprise when I was dragged here for lack of options, when the place was free, had pretty good music, reasonable drinks (and a respectable beer selection both draft and bottle), and people who are pretty normal and, gasp, polite.I'm sorry I misjudged you, Noche.Anyway, Friday nights there's a DJ who plays a pretty good mix of everything. The place gets busy, but there's always room to dance. This is a huge plus for me. Also, again, it's free, which is a lot better than many other dancing options in the area. Take that 10 dollar cover and spend it on booze!I would say the only drawback is that they never seem to have more than two people behind the bar at any time. The service is as quick as it can be, but sometimes you'll catch yourself waiting for a drink for a while - hard to blame them for it if there's 20 other people ordering with you.Anyway, check Noche out for a good time.... that sounded creepy.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,12/23/2012,90,219,5,8,3>I'm giving this update on my previous experience 5 stars.  The service was quick and snappy.  The food came out quickly and was executed very well.  When I finished I was completely full, but I wasn't weighed down at all.  I walked in around 12:45p and asked for the lunch special #1 (the "As You Wish") to go.  The woman at the front counter was courteous and completed my transaction quickly.  She immediately placed the order, and I received my food in a matter of minutes.  The food was delicate, well flavored and delicious.  My biggest issues in the first review dealt with the saltiness of the food and the slowness of the service.  Those two things were remedied during this visit, so 5-Stars is a must.  Bottom line: This is definitely a lunch spot that I will frequent.  Let me know if you're going to be there-- I'll congratulate you on making a great choice.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,12/22/2012,135,283,4,7,4>This is a very cool venue. The tickets are cheap, and the space is large and low key. The sound quality really sucks, but the Tilly and the Wall show was still awesome and the opener by Nicky Da B was completely unreal. Other reviewers mentioned that you can sneak in alcohol, but since I'm cautious and bad at being sneaky I decided not to. Wrong. Almost everyone else took the risk, and cans of beer in paper bags and right out in the open were so prevalent that I don't think any kind of rule against alcohol was enforced at all. Flash photography is also a go. So don't be cautious, bring a drink and enjoy the show.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/7/2014,230,476,7,7,5>Wow, I did not expect this of a "tavern"! Whenever my husband wants to take me to a tavern, I cringe inside....pubs, taverns, sports bars just aren't my thing. I was so surprised in a good way. I loved the décor, music and overall vibe. And the food???? Fantastic. I purposely ate a big meal before coming since I didn't want to overeat. Once I began eating the fried artichoke, with lardo....yummy! I also tried the snails (tasty although I can't get past the looks of them), the fries with aioli (delicious), and the chocolate dessert (some crème dessert) with butterscotch crumbles (heaven). I really loved the hell out of this spot.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/6/2014,180,143,4,7,7>Mission: to have my handlebars switched out for bullhorns and outfitting them with in-line brake levers. First, I browsed prices for levers all over the city, and the price at Bell's blew everyone else away. They do a substantial online business, and I was able to browse their ebay store and then pick it up in the shop. I brought my bullhorns in to size the diameter and get the right product, and the man who helped me sold me a pair that he said was appropriate. I opted to not get installation on the spot, because I thought I could get a better price - but I was wrong. I was quoted more to put on the handlebars than the cost of a complete tune up at Bell's. So, lesson learned - and loyalty earned. The guy who took care of me and my bike seemed physically exhausted and I know they get busy and have repair orders backed up, but he happily prioritized my case and called me in an hour. When I got on and rode away, I nearly cried; never have I remembered my bike riding so buttery. I started giggling as I glided down Passyunk, feeling like a new girl with a new toy.          Always call ahead to see what the situation is as far as how much work they are laden with, what they have in stock, and never assume you can pop in and out. But DO assume that you will leave satisfied in every way, shape and form. These are not elitist bike snobs - but they ARE serious, and it shows
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,11/5/2014,114,80,10,9,9>Betches love brunch. It is a known fact. Betches also love pumpkin spiced things. When we heard that there was a magical place to have both things at once, we hopped on the next subway to Spring Garden. When we walked into the doors and ascended up the stairs into Café Lift, all of our dreams came true.Very industrial/artistic style of décor with a touch of charm. The wait on a Saturday only set us back 20 minutes, but we ordered iced coffees and sat by the window so the time passed even faster.The menu is eclectic here; there is something for everyone- sweet, savory, traditional, non traditional. When I go out to eat, I always make sure to read the specials board. That was the best decision I made all weekend; they had a special vegetable hash complete with broccoli, peppers, mushrooms etc nestled on a bed of pearl couscous topped with an over easy egg and a light curry sauce. The flavors were very rich and powerful; I could only eat half of it. My friend ordered the pumpkin French toast with pumpkin spice cannoli filling (unbelievable) and my other friend ordered the original French toast. Everything was perfect. I cannot wait to come back!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,11/4/2014,62,169,8,11,10>Lloyd is a whiskey bar, and its selection does not disappoint. You can sit at the bar and try various whiskeys neat all night. The bartenders are knowledgeable and always able to recommend something great. If whiskey isn't your style, you can always go with a tasty cocktail, because Lloyd has a great selection of these as well.If you're planning to drink the night away at Lloyd's, I recommend having some food as well. Get the crispy duck things - in fact, get two orders, because you won't want to stop eating them, and don't even think about sharing with a friend. They're like spicy buffalo wings, but duck, and they are crispy and hot and absolutely delicious. Just writing about them now is making my mouth water.Lloyd's recently hosted the Burger Club, and provided several delicious burger options. The lamb burger was delicious, tender, and very unique in flavor. They struggled a little with timing despite knowing ahead of time how many people would be coming, but they made up for it with delicious food and extending the happy hour so we could continue imbibing in cocktails and, of course, whiskey.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/3/2014,183,210,7,10,9>I really like this place. I've been by several times for coffee, but things to note:1. They have almond milk2. They have really tasty food. I've had potato salad, an omelet thing with spinach, goat cheese, avocado, and roasted red peppers served with toast. My sister got a special which were sweet corn cakes with a huevos rancheros type of topping.  3. Prices are pretty standard - the above meals were like $12 each including the iced coffees. 4. Staff is super friendly!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/2/2014,39,262,6,9,8>Found this to be a well maintained but fairly difficult course (for a public course). If you didn't hit the fairways, you were in trouble. On the day we were playing there was a junior tourney of some kind and the pins were reflective of that competition. The 16th hole with the elevated tee, stone wall next to water hazard and an elevated green was quite memorable. Reading other reviews, I did not have any problem with the pace of play. Maybe they are aware of this criticism as there was a ranger out on a cart keeping people moving. Saw some wonderful wildlife including a fox, hawks and songbirds.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,11/1/2014,57,121,4,7,6>I love coffee. When you walk in, this place can be a little intimidating if it's your first time. Combine it with a little mystery in what part of the counter you place your order, whether or not you order on the iPad sitting on the counter, and the fact that you cannot see the menu until it's your turn to order...and you might get a little confused.Once it's your turn to order, a friendly barista helps you pick if you cannot. I ordered a Santa Domingo for myself and one for my BF. Lately we have been very, very partial to simply...coffee. Not an americano, not iced coffee, and certainly not some sugary syrupy coffee beverage. And as always, we enjoy the coffee black. Delicious.Despite my confusion, I think Elixr is a beautiful space to enjoy coffee and it is a big improvement over their original small space that was nearby. I gave them 4 stars for bringing a unique coffee experience to Center City.There's a shortage of actually good, nice places to enjoy just coffee in Center City. Come here if you want the real deal.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/31/2014,159,219,4,6,7>Definitely the place to go if you want "well done" pizza. You can't go wrong with the traditional, but their white pizza is even better in my opinion. The coal oven gives it a nice crispy crust, but it's not burned. Parts of the crust may be a little on the burnt side, but I think this gives it character.Be sure to try the coal oven roasted wings. They are delicious. They're a little crispy on the outside, but so juicy on the inside. I don't eat pizza as often as I used to, but when I'm in the mood, better believe I'm going to Anthony's. I'm definitely a fan of coal oven pizza.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,10/30/2014,268,273,8,11,10>I had to complete the gym trifecta before I could write a review: take a class, jump in the pool & hot tub, and use the machines. This YMCA was pretty great on all three accounts.First, when you enter the gym, it feels more like a hotel, with the modern, open, airy lobby and the super professional staff manning the front desk. When we first arrived, we were greeted by a very warm manager who took us through the process as their very first Global Fit customers. Global Fit is an amazing benefit that Penn offers their staff, which offers discounts to many gyms across the country. With the discount, this gym is about $45/per person a month which isn't bad at all. There are two indoor pools for adults: the lap pool which appears to be fairly serious business, and the "warm" pool which honestly could have been warmer, but was nice and spacious. We got out when it started to fill up with a few too many other swimmers, but when we first arrived we were the second and third people to jump in. The hot tub is large and glorious.The locker rooms are standard, nice, modern and spacious. They offer plenty of lockers and are BYO locks. I like that there are separate kids' locker rooms.I took an "express" spinning (or "cycling" in YMCA terms) class on my second visit here. The cycles are all super modern and even have a digital display to show you how much resistance you currently have which is fantastic. The woman who ran the class was friendly and efficient. I felt like I got a really great workout.Yesterday, I stopped in to use the machines. There must be about a hundred machines in the room. I chose an elliptical. The digital display which allows you to watch TV or youtube was a little difficult to use and to see (a lot of glare from the large windows in the room). I may try out the machines in front of the windows next time. It could be kind of fun to watch the goings on in Haverford while I work out!And finally, there has been plenty of parking, the three times I've gone to this YMCA, even at 5pm on a Wednesday (a very prime time). There was a man outside guiding the cars where to go in order to make parking even easier and there are multiple lots now. So I think that they have improved the situation mentioned in multiple reviews here.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,10/29/2014,50,103,14,15,16>My first interaction with this deli consisted of my boyfriend delivering a cream-cheese loaded everything bagel to me, in bed, as I suffered through the worst hangover ever. Needless to say, it was love at first bite.The breakfast platters are amazing. I'm not exactly the cheeriest person when I first wake up, but the home fries they serve up here really get me through my pre-coffee hours of morning.The owners are adorable. They know the locals well and make a point to be very friendly, even though about a million people come in and out for breakfast and lunch. My only complaint is that the prices are a little steeper than I'd like them to be. You can get a sandwich for under $6 but it's practically child-sized. Still, the food is delicious and I always leave with a smile.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/19/2012,80,149,5,4,4>Bottle Shop I heart thee!Stand around in front of the super fridge and behold its bountiful selection. I paced in front of that thing for at least 25 minutes total picking out my 4 beers of the evening.  (They also have more beers appearing on tap up front.)What's even better is that since they don't always sell food --- they are completely okay with your bringing in your own.Grab a pizza down the street from *** and walk right in and chow down on unique pizza and whatever beer you'd like?What's not to love?For newbies - Don't throw away your bottles! There're no waiters - so how do you think they keep track of what you're drinking? At the end of your stay, take 'em up front and that's how they'll ring you up! You can grab a board game from the back shelf and have a rousing night of Apples to Apples. Enjoy the crazy art on the walls (Or you can buy it!)After enjoying a night with the west coast, trying Red Hook Nut Brown Ale (Seattle),  Tommyknocker Maple Nut Brown (Idaho Springs, CO) and Breckenridge Vanilla Porter (Denver) that I knew was delicious from previous sampling --- via smuggling direct from Denver! A good ole' Lancaster Brewing Co's Milk Stout rounded out my evening. And all prices were more than reasonable. There were also several other beers still calling my name at the end of the night. And even more colossal sized beers from the bottom row just winking at me for the next time I feel like getting completed messed up. Imports, All American - if its crafty and delicious - it'll make an appearance in that glorious fridge.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/18/2012,146,432,17,18,14>WARNING: DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU DON'T LIKE GOOD FOOD.Kilimandjaro is my new favourite place.  I want to eat there every day, every meal.  Never had Senegalese food before, but if this is what it's like, I love it.DO NOT COME HERE & ORDER THE YASSA FISH unless you want a delish dish!  A whole grilled fish, with a hearty sauce piled on top, made of onion-garlic-lemon-pepper-mustard-carrot, according to the menu.  The fish is still moist, but crispy on the outside.  Savoury and scrumptious and very very satisfying. Dibi Lamb is good -- it's grilled lamb with sort of an onion salsa on top.  Tasty.  Lots of lamb.Poulet (Chicken) Senegal is a crispy fried half chicken, with an onion-based sauce, similar to Yassa, but different.  The dark meat is juicier than the white meat.Homemade Ginger juice is sweet & very gingery, with a nice kick.  yum!Service is charming and friendly.  It's quietly attentive, not in-your-face.  One person in particular seemed to anticipate our every need.YOU SHOULD NOT GO TO KILIMANDJARO unless you want large portions of delicious food at great prices, great service.  Please don't go there and fill up all the seats!  I can't wait until the next time I'm back.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/17/2012,36,106,,11,4>I took my four year old niece here last week and we could not have had a better time.  The quality of the museum and the people working there is top shelf.  We spent five hours and could have easily spent another five.  The thought put into each area to make it entertaining and educational and appealing and engaging and perfectly kid friendly all at once is just brilliant. We went on a warm Friday in May and it was really pleasant - much less crowded than the previous time when we went on a  weekend.   It felt like the first time we went was still fun but we were racing madly from one exhibit to another trying to squeeze around lots of other kids and this time we could actually take a bit of time and really play and more calmly and fully experience each wonderful area.  It was worth taking a day off from work to do it.There are "dress up" outfits for doctors, astronauts and even an Alice in Wonderland blue dress, pinafore included.   She loved everything but spent the most time loading bricks, launching rockets, grocery shopping, running around the Alice maze and playing in the water with the boats.There is a puppet show three times a day and it was really cute and entertaining and included audience participation that the kids (and adults!) loved.  The cafeteria had lots of kid friendly food like organic chocolate milk, pudding, fruit, ice cream, Rita's water ice, pizza, hotdogs and juice boxes.  There is so much great detail - the light up sun, rainbow and the hanging clouds above the water area, one has a face and blows occasionally to show "wind", another cloud actually rains - there is an amazing mural that lines the ramp that one takes down into Alice's rabbit hole - I could go on and on.The other thing that really struck me was how much every person working there seemed to sincerely like children - I like kids but I can only imagine dealing with lots of them every day, all day,  might get tiresome.  But from the man taking our tickets to the woman leading the "parade" they have in the lobby with the kids to the sweet girl who read my niece stories with such enthusiasm, even though we were the only ones who showed up for story time  - everyone we encountered was ready to chat and smile and try to do everything they could to make sure she had a wonderful adventure.  And they were successful!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/16/2012,102,182,,10,4>I loved this place before I even walked through the door. Live music, divey bar feel and tex-mex food? Awesome.  All of the reviews I've read completely lived up to my expectations. My boyfriend and I went for happy hour which is amazingly from 6-8. This was point number 1 for me since I work outside the city. For the next 3 hours hours, we enjoyed inexpensive drinks, great tex-mex inexpensive bar food, friendly/helpful bartenders, and an awesome Blues House Band. I left this place dying to come back. Great addition to the neighborhood! Insider Tip: Try their house hot sauce...WOW. It's got some cinnamon in it and was awesome/different.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/15/2012,19,92,3,3,4>Fusion makes me wary.  The descriptions sound so good that you're expecting a culinary Kristin Kreuk on your plate.  However, the beautiful meal of your mind's eye never comes to be as you sadly hunch over and pick at the Frankenstein creation of misplaced flavors on your plate.  Nectar, however, thoughtfully chooses a minimal mix of cultural DNA to provide an excellent hybrid dining experience.So hip, so zen dining room fits in with the best center city has to offer.  Service is attentive and helpful, with no difference in the quality of the food or service between our prime time and off peak visits.  Good wine list with a nice Sake selection.  Sake tasting was fun with some intriguing choices, while the carafes keep single serving choices nice and cold.  Edamame dumplings are incredible.  Filled with a smooth edamame puree atop delicious chanterelles in a savory herb sauce, they single-handedly prove that fusion can work.  The seasonal tuna and salmon roll is as fresh, delicate, and perfect with the eel sauce.  The no rice roll with tuna, salmon, and striped bass is delicious, though difficult to handle with chop sticks. Grilled calamari salad with chorizo, parmesan, and lemon vinaigrette was excellent.  Just the right amount of everything.I was hesitant about the crispy panko calamari and edamame, but the amazing spicy papaya and tamarind hoisin dipping sauces allayed any doubt about how good it would be.  Steamed pork buns with hoisin and lettuce were good, but not at the same level as the others.Entrees get the trend of success going again.  Striped bass with mushrooms, asparagus, and a black truffle sauce that tastes very similar to the one that came with the dumplings.  Not a bad thing as it's wonderful.  Bass was moist with a nice sear.Tenderloin with Thai basil, Chinese broccoli tips, scallion, and chili peppers was substantial and excellent.  As you may have surmised, this is far more on the Asian side of the flavor spectrum.  Chunks of tenderloin were cooked correctly with a nice sear, and the sauce had a solid kick to it.The ribeye with heirloom tomato salad was juicy, flavorful, and cooked correctly.  It's been a while since I've had a steak done right, and it was good.  I think I am about ready to write off steakhouses, they seem to be the only places that can't cook steak.  Wife pilfered many of my tomatoes on account of their deliciousness.Chocolate torte is pretty delicious.  Blood orange sauce does the perfect job of complementing the different layers and textures of chocolate.  Mini doughnuts are simple and delicious.  Coffee cake with maple anglaise, orange sauce, cinnamon ice cream, and orange confit is pretty ridiculous, probably my favorite of all the desserts.  The creme brulee trio has some nice flavors, and while the carrot cake is a bit subtle, the German chocolate gets it just right.  One of the best restaurants in the Philadelphia region.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,7/14/2012,79,161,4,8,7>Shhhhhh!!  I'm about to tell you a highly classified secret.  Can you keep it?  You promise?  Yeah?  Okay... here it is.  *whispers* Chinks makes THE BEST cheesesteak in Philly.  Hands down.Pat, Geno, Jim, Steve, Chickie, Pete, Tony, Luke... none of them can hold a candle to Chinks.Chinks is this tiny, hole-in-the-wall, dive-y place in Tacony.  Yeah... that's right.  NE Philly.  Just locals.  With small booths, and tight seating at the counter.  The menu is posted up on the wall in really big letters, like they were painted on there by hand.  They keep it simple, as a cheesesteak should be.  The fries are pretty good, too.  I always ask for hot peppers.  The waitresses are really sweet and friendly.  And they make an awesome milkshake from real ice cream and real ingredients.  Each week, they have a different special flavor.Remember... this is our little secret.  Because we don't want this becoming a tourist trap now, do we?
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,7/13/2012,90,533,5,3,3>Unfortunately, I've only visited Han Dynasty for take-out, but the food was phenomenal.  Dry-pepper fish with rice blew my tongue right off with the amount of heat it contained, while the dan dan noodles had a perfect combination of pork, sesame and spice.  My picky gf who ordered the kung pao chicken at a 0 spice level was extremely happy with her dish as well.From the quick glance I had of the restaurant interior, Han Dynasty has that casual and laidback atmosphere where lighting was fairly dim even at high noon... the perfect go-to place for hangover lunchies the day after a super bender.  Haven't seen the infamous dining basement yet, but the stairs leading down were enough to make my eyebrows twitch in fear.  Still, I'm ready to come back for a dine-in experience one of these days!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,7/12/2012,4498,831,6,38,18>What do you say about an amazing place that already has over 600 reviews?  I know; put the ten (10) most important things you need to know all in one place.  So, especially if you are a 1st timer, read on.1. Be prepared to embrace the crowds.  It's part of the Reading Terminal experience.  Think about it.  All those folks are there because the place is so amazing!2. Don't visit on Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday.  Why you ask?  There are over a dozen Pennsylvania Dutch (Amish) vendors that are definitely worth visiting.  They have special hours and don't open on these days.  It would be a mistake not to see them.3. If you want the very best deals make sure you end your visit during the last hour of each day.  That would be between 5:00 and 6:00 PM Monday -Saturday and 4:00 to 5:00 PM on Sunday.4. If you are a foodie be prepared to be overwhelmed, stunned, amazed, and generally blown away.  You won't be able to do it justice in two (2) hours.  Think three (3) or more.5. Speaking of two (2) hours, it will cost you $4 for that amount of time at the 12th & Filbert garage.  All you need to do is spend $10 and any vendor will validate your ticket.  Even better is to not park at all and take public transportation.  6. Check the website for cool events especially to see the live music schedule.  readingterminalmarket.or7. Some folks say the place is touristy and they are partially correct.  That's true of some of the vendors but anyone with half a brain can spot them in a second.  If that's not your thing just walk on by.8. If you want to stay in the market and have an adult libation, check out Molly Malloy's.  It's a great place for a beer.9. If you are thinking about lunch at prime time (11:30-1:00), please think again.  And then think again and again.  Trust me; it's complete and utter craziness.  Eat early or eat late.10. Last but not least let's talk Tommy DiNic's as this legendary emporium deserves special mention.  I know, I know, you saw Man vs. Food and you want "The Sandwich."  Is it worth it?  Yeah, it is.  Stroll the market and stop back occasionally to check on the length of the line.  If you see it below twenty five (25) folks, go for it.  It really is an amazing sandwich.As just about everyone says this place is a must for a Philly visitor.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/11/2012,170,347,,11,7>As a deeply committed omnivore with a disproportionate number of vegetarian and vegan friends, I often find myself in a culinary quandary - where to go? What to order? Given the current restaurant scene's emphasis on small plates and sharing with friends, I often have to choose between attempting to eat through non-vegetarian options on my lonesome - or get stuck choosing from the limited vegetarian/vegan options available on standard menus. When a vegetarian friend told me she was headed to Philly for a visit, I snagged a reservation at Vedge knowing that this was somewhere we'd both be happy with our meal. The ambiance is lovely - it feels like a special-occasion restaurant without being overly stuffy. Service was stellar - our waiter was very attentive and gave great suggestions, water glasses were never empty, and the bartender even tweaked our cocktails to our specifications (and by "specifications" I mean my vague comment that I don't care for bitters but thought one of the cocktails sounded good, could something be made that was similar but without the bitters? The answer is that bartenders know cocktails way better than you do so just let them do their thing and drink what they give you). Our meal started with two small plates - I had the sweet potato pate and my friend had the salt roasted gold beets. Both of us ordered these with some trepidation and were pleasantly surprised - they were delicious! The sweet potato had a great depth of flavor. My only complaint is that it was served with two small slices of bread, when the portion of the pate was fairly large. I am certain I could have received more bread if I had asked, but I took it as a sign that I should save room for further courses. The golden beets were very light and delicious - especially the creamy cucumber sauce. We also each ordered a larger plate - I had a crepe with hearts of palm, garbanzo beans, and lentils. I challenge any carnivore to eat this and tell me that a dish needs meat to be satisfying. It was delicious and filling and the crepe had a great texture. My friend chose a dish of radishes served several ways - it was very interesting to taste all of the different flavors. It was a much lighter plate, but given the amount of food we had consumed at this point we were happy to have an easy dish! We also ordered 3 plates from the daily "dirt list" - I'd be happy to make a meal of all of the selections from this menu of seasonal veggies! We tried not to go crazy, so we stuck with the crispy cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and fingerling fries with worcestershire sauce. The cauliflower was very good - anywhere else it would have been a favorite, but here it just had too much competition. Same for the fingerling "fries." The hands-down favorite, though, were the brussels sprouts - we could not believe that the delicious creamy sauce was vegan. Vedge has redeemed the existance of veganaise for me: if it can be made into something this delicious, it can be allowed to continue to exist. Vedge really is a spot where everyone will end up happy. It's great to be able to choose a dinner spot without having to run the menu by everyone to make sure they'll have sufficient choices - vegan, vegetarians, pescetarians, omnivores, and carnivores alike will all be blown away by Vedge's animal-product-free offerings.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/10/2012,119,247,8,7,8>Pietro's just .. gets me. Friends will tell you I like pizza. Just kidding. They'll roll their eyes and tell you that I LOOOOVE pizza. And it's true. The person that hates my unremitting affection for pie? My boyfriend.Well, guess what. He's away on vacation. What has two thumbs and plans on eating pizza the entire time he's away? THIS girl. I was feeling a little bit fancy (okay, lazy) the other day and decided to order my own pie. I checked Pietro's website to see if delivery was available, and it is, but only to the Rittenhouse area of the city; otherwise, you'll need to order for take-out. The delivery man called shortly before arriving at my building, so I was waiting for just a second when I saw him walk through the door, and I heard angelic refrains in my head and saw the delivery man's aura (maybe it was the pizza) glimmering. Okay, enough build-up. Let's talk pizza. I ordered a Pietro's Classic, which has mozzarella cheese, arugula, and prosciutto as toppings. The pizza arrived hot, and the crust was crispy and cooked to perfection and will run you about $14. If you order anything from Pietro's, let this pie be it. (Or, you know .. the calamari or mussels, because those are both good too.)
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2011,11/3/2011,244,341,9,7,9>More often than not if the ole gal's on the sauce she'll brag about having visited 47 outta our 50 states. "And I'm not talking about dipping a toe! I'm talking bout seeeeing places, doin things!" Oooh self, how you embarrass me... I haven't visited Maine, Hawaii, and Alaska...yet. So why buy souvenir t-shirts repping places where I've never set foot? I'll tell you why, and the answer ain't "irony." On a thin, soft lilac colored Alaska shirt was printed a couple of puffins under a rainbow. I needed it. I also needed a gray Maine tee with a moose in a hammock with a message reading, "Maine, life in the slow lane." I know that they were overpriced ($13, $11) but...come on! I needed.Sometimes I get stuck in a look like it's my uniform. Retrospect was there for me through my 80's 3/4 sleeved baseball tee phase. Kauai 88 is a favorite from a past Retrospect shopping sojurn. Retrospect was there for me during the space-dyed 70's sweater obsession years. Let me not act as if these fixations are finito. I just have a handle on em...sort of. Retrospect has also been known to have a hearty supply of eclectic home decor and kitchenware too. Oooh children, I've seen so many deviled egg plates and cross-stitched cryin clowns...The new Retrospect location is smaller in a good way. The space is brighter and seems to be more organized. Steep prices for thrift store threads is still an issue, but I'd still say it's worth a whirl if you're in the neighborhood, you may find something that you cannot live without. Put on your peruse shoes.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,11/2/2011,98,177,4,4,3>Basement fondue and Belgium beer on a brass bar. While you stroll down 3rd, you look right, you're not sure what it is. When you step underground, you feel like you just found an Old City secret. You know what makes it great? It is a secret.Initially, this place feels like it should actually be the basement of Eulogy but after being in it, you realize its unique charm. I like the wall of taps, the brass bar, the dungeon feel - it's a great hangout. This is one of the few joints that I actually want to sit at the bar. The food is a simpler menu, I'd recommend a sandwich and fondue pot to share. It's the perfect amount of cheese... unless you're goal is high cholesterol. This speakeasy hosts a revolving array of great draft beers and the crowd is casual and friendly. Our bartenders are always great and attentive. At times, I daydream of eating a lamb shank and throwing down a tankard of dark ale in this dank underground tavern. And once I've had my fill of salted meats and foul spirits, I shall take up arms and join my Teutonic Knights! To battle! For Glory!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,11/1/2011,88,127,4,7,6>This place is definitely one of University City's hidden gems, located on a Lancaster Ave street corner across from some gritty-looking pizza places. Moderately sized, Lemon Grass Thai seems to be a good choice for quiet nights out, as most of the other diners I've seen on my visits here were couples enjoying a cozy meal. While I'm not a connoisseur of Thai food, I really enjoyed the dishes here, especially the drunken noodles because they've got an awesome kick. You should definitely shell out be extra $2 for the shrimp, too - you get a good amount and they're not those wimpy floppy pieces that you find swimming in lo mein dishes either. I've tried the seafood coconut soup and the musaman curry, and they were both yummy and full of flavor. The broth is delightful. The chicken in the curry didn't do much for the dish, maybe shrimp would have been a better choice. I also asked for hot peppers to throw in to both, just because I like it spicy. This is quickly becoming one of my go-to places whenever I'm hanging around my alma mater. Bonus points for having a heater in the bathroom!!
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/31/2011,162,210,3,6,6>I was pretty smitten with dinner at Radicchio Cafe. I dined with a group of six for a birthday and we tried a lot of food, all of it eliciting raves from the table.  My husband and I are vegetarian and they happily accepted changes to our orders.  Their tomato sauce is already veg so nixing the meat on most entrees will immediately transform it into veggie goodness.  I opted for a chicken and broccoli cavatelli sans chicken, with mushrooms.  Everyone at the table coveted my meal.  Bread and a plate of bruschetta were complimentary and the appetizers were generous portions, as were the entrees.  They had a ton of special additions to their menu and they were delicious.  If you can get your mouth on the smoked mozzarella, mushroom and balsamic reduction do it!  It's byo and they don't take reservations.  We waited about half an hour for a six top to open, which didn't seem terrible to me at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  2 salads, 4 apps, 6 entrees and 4 coffee drinks set us back a mere $203.  They were also kind enough to bring out a birthday cake we brought, candle lit and then slice and serve it to us.  The service was a little slow, but in a good laid back way, not in an annoying way.  Oh and we just happened to sit at a table inches from Chase Utley. So you know, we had that going for us, which was nice.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,10/30/2011,36,106,10,10,8>I have to agree this cute place earns it's top rating.Even though the Soon Du Bu was really good, the thing we couldn't stop eating and nearly licked the plate over was a spicy chicken veggie stir fry called Dak Kal Bi.  Holy frijoles batman, what a delicious fiery exotic blend of complex layered flavors with a bit of sweetness - my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  When they brought us each a giant stone bowl of rice I thought, "yea like I will eat this huge bowl of rice" - well guess what, I did and wished I had more, the way the rice gets crispy in the bowl is sooo good.Some side dishes were yummy; most notably the marinated tofu & peppers, spicy zucchini and some kind of smoky bean sprouts, others less so.  We had a sort of embarrassing oops.  We had ordered the mushroom Soon Du Bu and I whined until hubby rolled his eyes and agreed to order it with a spiciness of only "3" (there have been waaaay too many times we ordered things in Asian restaurants "very spicy" that ended up being inedible to me, I mean, I like spicy but not "oh my gawd my mouth is on fire, my tongue is numb, my eyeballs are blood red" spicy like him!).  But when we got the dish I reluctantly agreed we should have gotten it spicier.   Somehow they picked up our body language and asked what was wrong - we told them we wished we had gotten it hotter.  Thirty seconds later a woman came bustling over and indicated she could make it hotter for us and we happily nodded yes.  We waited and waited for it to come back, wondering what was taking so long - surely they just had to throw a few more spices in?  The dish came back no spicier but it was scalding hot - all I can imagine is some overworked chef in the back being asked to heat up even hotter a dish that had already been served to us literally still boiling - eep!When the bill came - $23 for a groaning table full of tea and food - we almost felt guilty - so much goodness for so little money.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,10/29/2011,203,272,3,7,4>I'm not going to lie, I'm not particularly keen when it comes to judging Indian food. I know when it's good, bad, or okay, but that's about it. I can't differentiate between varying degrees of "okay". That being said, this place is good. The decor is pretty decent, even if it is located in a difficult-to-find corner of a crappy strip mall. We ordered makhani (butter) chicken and mutter paneer (green peas and cheese cubes) as our entrees, both of which were tasty. The makhani sauce is on the sweet side here. Portions are always kind of small at Indian restaurants, but they are reasonably-sized here and worth the price (dishes are maybe a dollar or two cheaper than your average Indian place in Philly). The raita ($3) comes in a small bowl and the cool cucumber yogurt perfectly complements the heat of the rest of the food. Their garlic naan is delicious, though not as dense as I normally like my naan: it's pretty light and airy, almost like a cross between pita bread and puri. The tomato soup (also $3) is good though deceptively filling. It looks like a normal-sized bowl, but it's so thick and rich that half a serving will stuff you silly. It's a bit like drinking sauce from an Indian dish (perhaps makhani, but less sweet) straight up, if you can handle that. Someone needs to start making a paneer-and-naan grilled cheese, I feel like that would be awesome with this soup. Anyway, I wasn't really a fan of their masala tea, it was too weak and not nearly masala-ed enough for my taste. On a side note, "medium spicy" here is relatively mild. If you want a bit of a kick, you may want to ask for spicy, though I'm not sure how spicy it will actually be.I'm pretty excited to come back for the lunch buffet.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/28/2011,146,222,,8,6>What a sweet little business on Main St!  This store stocks a modest refrigerated case full of fresh, fun flavors.  For immediate sugar fixes, the thoughtful owner also keeps a stash at room temperature in a cake stand by the register. Each fancy cake is generously topped with rich but not overly sweet flavored buttercream frosting.I tried the Mojito (lime cake w/ mint buttercream) and Strawberry (chocolate chip cake w/ strawberry buttercream) and passed on the classic Red Velvet topped with a candied beet, a banana cake with nutella cream and some other chocolate-chocolate combination. The lime cake was an office favorite. $3.50 each, MasterCard & Visa, no minimum charge required.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,10/27/2011,185,680,10,12,7>The escargot is amazing. Phenomenal. Exemplary. Splendid. Fantastic. Sensational. Marvelous. Stupendous. Piquant. Extraordinary.You know all those adjectives you learned in 7th grade English class but readily forgot? Yeah, well dig those up. Nix out all of the ones synonymous with "drab," "mediocre," or even "good." Keep all of the ones meaning "the best ever," put them in one line, and this is how to describe the escargot at Spring Mill.The escargot is served atop a slightly sweet brioche that willingly absorbs the creamy garlic butter-cream-stuff that the chef has generously doused your plate in. Your snails died by drowning...it's true. The garlic-butter-cream sauce has a hint of basil in it and is as creamy-garlicky-buttery as possible. (I'm not really sure where the line between cream and butter is...but this sauce is on the frontier for sure.) Everything else is good. The Coquilles Saint Jacques features scallops elegantly served in seashells supported by smooth mashed potatoes surrounded by a sea of moderately flavored white cream sauce. The vegetables are few, just barely polka-doting the surface.The special dessert featured a blueberry cake - French style - not too sweet and with a bread pudding texture erring on the side of Creme Brulee feel. There were plenty of fresh blueberries, which was nice. The accompanying vanilla bean ice cream provided a final smooth douse of cream for your arteries. ....(As an aside: After leaving Springmill cafe, even with all of that beurre et creme, I didn't feel overloaded...just sort of zen and happy. No wonder the French always seem so chipper: eat tons of butter and cream without feeling gross. Sounds like a plan to me.)
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,10/26/2011,393,710,5,10,7>This is the kind of place where shenanigans ensue.I think I got lucky and got one of the most perfect days to check out Frankford Hall.  I came here the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend as part of a beer garden bar crawl.  I had a lot of fun here and while I know I'll be coming back, it's only a matter of time until this place is mobbed.Our fairly large group at first sat inside the "hall"  The large floor to ceiling windows were open to Frankford Ave and we snagged two large benches with communal tables.  We were also seated just under one of the celling fans which provided a good breeze.  The weather was perfect.Since there is no table service here, you go up to the various stands and get your beer or food.  I opted for the liter of Köstritzer Schwarzbier.  I came walking back to the table with my liter and one of the sausages make with pork, beef and cheese.  I also got a side of spaetzle which had gravy on it and still had crispy noodles.  Prices seem a tad steep for what you're getting but that is a minor complaint in my mind.Next, we relocated outdoors in their actual outdoor garden.  Two ping tables were besides us and it was only a matter of time until we got on them and started making fools of ourself.I really enjoyed coming here and I know that if I have a few friends visiting that I will be taking them here to show them something they most likely haven't experienced before.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,10/25/2011,1014,321,9,22,14>The engagement party I attended last night at Tendenza was fly-er than 90% of weddings.  Complimentary valet, open bar that included anything your poor little liver can filter, and food you actually want to eat, all in a killer sparkly Sex and the City-style setting. We started off in the downstairs bar after checking our coats (complimentary).  Tightly-strung wires suspended tiered glass tables decked with pink champagne and petite martini glasses, ready to be picked up anytime.  Servers circulated with tasty bites: fontina cheese and prosciutto in phyllo dough, cute little lamb chops on the bone. Bartenders worked fast; you never had to wait for a drink. After an hour of cocktail-houring, servers alerted the party we were adjourning upstairs to the main room. This is where the WOW factor really kicked in.  A huge room with exposed beams and brick walls is decked in white leather banquettes, mosiac-tiled columns, another huge backlit bar and a spacious dance floor with a raised stage for the DJ.  Three screens added a music-video quality.  Two different buffets offered a huge array of legitimately delicious (not just wedding-standard) food, including freshly-made sushi, tiny hamburgers, addictive mini roast pork sandwiches complete with broccoli rabe, three different pastas bubbling over burners, etc.  It was awesome. All told, this place is baller status. You can absolutely tell it's the same ownership at Cescaphe Ballroom, right down the street.  From a guest's perspective, five stars.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/7/2013,158,461,,8,6>It's about time that I give these guys a shout-out (not that they necessarily need it with their solid five star average), but just like many others, I am a satisfied customer that wanted to share my positive experience. I've been here a handful of times now since a couple friends of mine recently moved close by. So one night we found ourselves bored and wanting ice cream. I turned to Yelp since I am a little unfamiliar with the Maple Shade area and this place popped up. We made our way here to find a glowing neon light that looked as though it has been a staple of town for some time. We ordered a few of their ice creams blended with candy concoctions. You know the type. They go by different names everywhere but are all essentially the same thing. My "small," and I type it like that because it was a lot more than small, chocolate custard with Butterfinger was HUGE and SOOO cheap. Like only $2.50 or something like that. Either way, I just remember thinking that it was a good bang for my buck. The girls behind the counter were extremely nice and very patient with us (my one friend isn't exactly quick when ordering, you know who you are!) After consuming ice cream for what felt like an hour, we finally finished and felt like we should've run a mile or 5. So if you come here with a small appetite for something sweet, be sure to share a small with someone else.So be sure to pay them a visit if you are in the area and have a hankering for soft serve. There is no doubt that they will more than satisfy your crave!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/6/2013,393,710,3,10,7>It's difficult for me not to give 5 stars to Hub Bub.  Here are the detailsThe layout, design of the place is cool.  They've got a wooden wall with the logo largely embossed on it and a stylish coffee bar where you place your order.  Big windows looking out on Arch so you can see all the well dressed people passing by.They serve Stumptown and they do it well.  You can get normal drip, espresso (they only pull doubles) and Chemex.  I've yet to try the Chemex offering but I've certainly bugged them about it enough.They have a sleek iPad paying system where they flip the stand around to you.  If you've dined in Philly or bought from a farmer's market, you've seen this app and headphone jack credit card swipe before.  I'm just giving them points on their presentation with the custom wooden mechanical structure it's mounted to.Oh, and they are extremely close to where I work, so I can get here even when it's raining.Hooray for good coffee really near my office!
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/5/2013,58,110,,4,3>I love coming here for happy hour because the beer list is varied and the prices are awesome. $3 local draughts, $4 house wine, and $5 cocktails! How can you say no? The bartenders are always really friendly and attentive. The food is good, but is a bit pricey for what it is. The burger is pretty badass because it is comprised of tender, juicy brisket and is well-worth it's price tag.Look around and you feel like the chicest of lumberjacks. Really cool but very modern wood detailing and plenty of spacious seating. There is also outside seating available if you would like to enjoy your meal/drinks immersed in the urban outdoors.Once a week they have 20% off your check. You can find out what days if you follow them on Instagram or Twitter. They also do brunch on Sat-Sun. until 4PM along with 3pm-5pm happy hour.Bonus: Their taste in music is awesome.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,7/4/2013,67,146,7,7,7>Confessions of a wannabe foodie: until my visit to Ramen Bar, I had never tried actual ramen.   I'd eaten the dehydrated stuff out of the package, but I hadn't actually gone out and paid for the "real thing."  Shameful, I know.I'd done my homework (thanks Yelp), so I knew that I would be asked to pay $10 for the stuff I usually got for ten cents.  I also knew that I should add marinated egg to my ramen (if you say so...) and get extra pork.  I didn't realize that I'd be eating my ramen using a strange combination of chopsticks and a spoon that looked like it belonged in a museum, but you adjust.All in all, I was pleasantly surprised.  The charshumen was filling and had a nice balance of flavors and textures without being too fatty, salty, or greasy.  The service was attentive but not overwhelming, and the ambiance is downright welcoming.  A later trip back for drinks revealed that the tiny bar area, while just getting set up, has reasonable prices ($7 or $8 for a cosmo) and friendly staff.Keep on keepin' on, UCity dining scene.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,7/3/2013,128,415,4,11,7>Some friends and I headed to Dirty Frank's last Saturday afternoon. We were looking for a place where we could sit down, drink, talk, and hang out. We definitely found the perfect place. My only disappointment was that the booths were small- they only held 4- so we grabbed bar stools instead. I agree with the other reviews- this place isn't "dirty" as much as "worn". It's a hole in the wall in the very definition of the word. This place has elements that reminds me of all my past favorite dive bars. The bartender was fairly good looking, friendly (borderline flirty to all the girls), and simultaneously condescending- the mark of a great bartender that keeps 'em coming back. He (very fairly) gave someone in our group shit for ordering a girly shot and then sipping on it, but then I think he felt bad about it and brought her a free second shot later on. He was good about checking back in with us and getting us new beers and shots quickly. Everything was also fairly cheap. When we were heading out to a BYOB dinner, I bought two beers to go, which the bartender packaged up for me.There were also all these borderline creepy decorations/costumes above the bar that provided entertainment for a few minutes. I did use the bathroom and I don't remember it being as spectacularly bad as the other reviewers suggest. The jukebox made me laugh due to the unexpected song choices... they had "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal (yes, we definitely put that on and then sang along). Most of the song choices didn't seem to match the location or the patrons, but it amused us nonetheless. The other patrons were diverse- from annoying looking preppy people to borderline homeless-looking regulars who would get up and dance by themselves when certain songs came on the jukebox. One guy also had a dog. FYI: This place is also "bring your own food"- you can get whatever you want delivered here, or bring with you. They do sell some chips and combos and things like that, if you get hungry enough. And it's cash only. Two thumbs up- I'll definitely be back for some more day-drinking.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,7/2/2013,128,86,3,8,4>I stopped by Jar Bar today on my way out of the gym.Jar Bar offers freshly-squeezed juices; raw food soups, salads, juices, and desserts.After just completing a strenuous workout, I was looking for a fiber-rich, low-calorie snack that would sate my ravenous appetite. I zoned in on the Detox juice, a blend of cucumber, celery, spinach, lemon, lime, and parsley. The man behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. He offered to add in a couple of drops of capsaicin, cayenne pepper extract, for extra heat. It was delicious. He also generously offered me a sample of kale chips. He is very knowledgeable and I enjoyed learning more about the product offerings. Though the products at Jar Bar are praise-worthy, what really inspired this review was the excellent customer service I received. The juice quelled my rumbling stomach and I left feeling light and energized.In a previous visit, I tried the raw carrot cake and it was fabulous! It's not your typical carrot cake, but the blend of carrots, dates, coconut, cashews, cinnamon, vanilla, and agave, gave it an indulgent richness with a healthy halo.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,7/1/2013,162,210,2,7,4>By far one of the sexiest restaurants in Philadelphia. It's dark, but lit enough that you can see your food, which I really appreciate. The service is pretty amazing, as is the menu, food, cocktail list, etc. It's also super vegetarian friendly, which I really appreciate. I always end up overeating/over ordering because the selection is so tempting. I am still thinking about the smoked artichoke special I had a few weeks ago, just perfection.  The wild mushroom tosta is also phenomenal and I can't help but order it every time I go. Every salad has been divine and well thought out. I'd venture to say Jamonera is in my top five favorite Philly restaurants.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/30/2013,73,149,2,4,3>The incredibly friendly staff and non-judgmental atmosphere of this place are so welcoming. I've spent a lot of time in coffeeshops over the course of college and grad school, and at some point the snotty baristas and cranky clientele of many cafes just start to seem normal. Stepping in here was a breath of fresh air. The back room is a nice space to do some work or read.I'm not vegan, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried from the menu. The sandwiches are filling and really pretty cheap for how big they are. Drinks are crafted with care. Rotating art, nice people, dog friendly. I like it.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,6/29/2013,66,279,,4,3>Good Dog often ends up being one of our go-tos on an evening in the city.  The downside to this place is that it's small and generally pretty packed, but on the upside, you can put your name in for a table.  For us at least, the wait hasn't ever ended up being that long.  You'll get bumped around a fair amount by the servers and passersby if you try to stand behind the bar stools, but it's a pretty tight place, so there's not a lot you can do in that regard.So, I guess that started out kind of negative, but really, aside from that minor set of issues, this is a great place.  It's smallness makes it cozy.  They have a decent beer selection and their bartenders are attentive.  The servers at the tables are able to offer good suggestions for beer, food, and beyond (we were ready to move on after dinner and asked the server for a recommendation of where we could go next and he even helped us on that front -- it's the friendliness and helpfulness that's among the reasons we keep going back).  My husband and I absolutely love the burgers there.  I would say that if you enjoy the burgers at Village Whiskey, Good Dog gives them a real run for their money especially considering the Good Dog Burger comes with fries included (and that all of the goodies on top are included as well rather than a la carte).  We haven't ever had an issue where a burger wasn't cooked to our order and the combination of flavors is awesome.Finally, if you're a dog lover, you can sit there for hours looking at all of the great black and white photos of dogs that adorn the walls.  They help to make each visit unique!
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/28/2013,72,163,3,9,4>I had high expectations for Zahav, and my recent visit blew them out of the water.My fiance and I visited Zahav for our final "dating" anniversary. We usually stick to BYOBs (because we like our wine with dinner and we like a lot :) ), but we'll try out a different restaurant we've been wanting to go to for a special occasion. Last year, we went to Amada, and felt like we had been robbed by the end of it. Good food but not worth the price. I was afraid we might meet the same fate with Zahav. Luckily we did not.We decided we would do the tasting menu. What an awesome deal! $39 per person and you get a ton of food and a great variety. I don't remember the names of things and I'm too lazy to look them up on the menu, but they start you off with a great sampling of some veggie dishes (cucumber salad, spicy green beans, shredded beet salad, and a few others). There was probably enough for a few bites of each for each of us and all were amazing. Then they brought out their homemade flatbread and hummus... we had to stop ourselves when we were halfway done with this or we would not have room for the rest of our food.The second course were small plates that you got to choose. Two per person. Now, I'm not a vegetarian, but I don't eat much meat. So I chose the crispy cauliflour with yogurt dipping sauce and the chick pea and olive oil soup. Both were great, but I liked the soup more. My fiance got the duck hearts and the haloumi. Now, as someone who doesn't eat much meat, I have to say, those duck hearts were fantastic... and the haloumi was very good as well.The third course were the meats that are cooked over the coal(?) fire. I had the lamb with sour cherry and he had the one that had both beef and lamb in it... they were basically a couple meat balls each and were pretty tasty. Dessert was great as well... to be honest, we had no idea what we were ordering, but they were both great.The best part of the meal? The service. Or the food. Or the service. Either way, the service was great. We had James as our waiter and at a moment when my man was in the restroom he asked me if we were celebrating anything. I told him about our anniversary and when the time came, he brought out two glasses of champagne with dessert and put a candle in my ice cream. What an awesome end to the night!I would not hesitate to go back... if I can get reservations!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,12/28/2010,56,71,4,4,5>Sometimes I think that I am a sixtysomething year old Jewish cat lady living vicariously through the exploits of a twentysomething young lady. In my opinion, there is no meal better than a perfect nova lox platter overflowing with sodium. If I see it on a menu, I'm ordering it. Morning, noon and/or night. I could eat this meal everyday for the rest of my life.On Saturday at the Kibitz Room, I just about died and went to heaven. After placing my order, the waitress unlocked the key to my heart with six savory little words: "Help yourself to the pickle bar." Sweet pickles, sour pickles, garlic pickles, cucumber salad...the two plates overflowing kept me occupied until the platter arrived. And I would have gone back for seconds, but I forgot all about the bar once I started fixing my bagel. One of my favorite things about preparing the bagel myself is having "leftovers" with which I can make mini little lox and cucumber and cream cheese bites. There was enough left over so that I had four cucumbers. And there was almost an entire jar of capers on this platter! While we were finishing up, we started talking about the wide variety of Dr. Brown's soda. When we asked the waitress about the Cel-Ray, she opened a can and brought us three cups so we could share it to taste. Celery soda? It was kind of amazing. Speaking of the waitress, she was great- down to earth, fast, courteous service, but not in our face.I hope the Kibitz Room is around long enough that my girlfriends and I can brunch there when we really are old ladies.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,12/27/2010,245,509,5,6,6>Amis will you be my Amis?First you must go here with friends or people who you like and know how often they wash their hands. I say this because we all have sketchy office-mates. Order lots of small dishes like the amazing fried baby artichokes. If you came to me and sad I could only have eat these and nothing else for the rest of my life...I wouldn't even balk or raise or an eyebrow. The salami with honey and hazelnuts! A must! The salami is perfect. Thinly shaved, smoky yet almost sweet. The honey ( yes I am a honey fiend) perfectly complements this ever so perfectly without being cloying. The hazelnuts round out this plate giving it a bit of crunch.  Vetri you are a genius!!!!The onion focaccia that comes out in a tin.......sublime. Oniony without being overbearing. The saffron honey that comes with the cheese plate? Could he start a vetri-trading company like Jose and sell it?Hmm what else did we nosh on?The olives. Don't get them. You are expecting Amada-y olives. These are olives drowing in a bowl of oil without any vinegar. It's the only thing I would pass up.The ricotta is also not worthy of getting the next time I go. It's not as sweet and lovely as the ricotta at Village Whiskey that comes with the pickles. The eggplant spread is nice, but I'm not such a fan. The girls enjoyed it.The gnocchi with oxtail ragu is heavenly a cloud of potato cheese love drapped in a tender ragu of oxtail. Sara was not so in love, but I have dreams of this dish every now and then. The girls had the pasta in the cheese/blackpepper sauce that was also earthshattering simplicity done ever so well.We had the olive torta, tiramisu and waffle with marscapone semifreddo. The girls dug the olive torta, I'm just not into this whole olive oil cake movement. I loved the deconstructed tiramisu and the waffle.....heaven.It was a dreary dismal rainy night, but Kyle( our delightful waiter) and Amis made it the most wonderful dining experience I have had in Philly in a very long time.Did I mention I met Marc Vetri outside the loo?
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,12/26/2010,28,53,,118,112>Many boutiques line the historic streets of Old City, but Sugarcube has truly found a way to stand out. Upon entering you're most likely to be in awe of the warm and inviting vibes that stem directly from the layout and decor.There is a mix of designer items and carefully chosen vintage to scour. As soon as you start browsing the merchandise you will automatically get a sense of what kind of people are hand picking the items, and who they are picking them for. There is a genuine thought process behind all of the stock choices. None of the garments are purely trendy pieces, but instead are a mix of current and classic contemporary styles.Throughout the store you will find impeccable vintage items. Each of these is obviously chosen to correlate with the pieces they carry. Unlike some shops with no clear curatorial direction, Sugarcube reflects a strong vision that expands outside of fashion to encompass an entire lifestyle. The thoughtfulness of the vintage choices clearly expresses the owner's desire to inspire their shoppers with more then just labels.There are a great variety of designers carried in Sugarcube, but I have been particularly excited to see APC, Steven Alan, Dunderdon and Pendleton items. Each of these brands has an aesthetic similar to that of Sugarcube as a whole. They create versatile items that can be worn in a variety of ways that accentuate a man or woman's personal style,Along with the clothing, shoes and accessories, Sugarcube features talented artist's work that you can admire or purchase. To keep up with what's going on at Sugarcube as far as new arrivals, sales and First Friday events, make sure to check out their frequently updated website.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,12/24/2010,147,304,6,6,6>I figured I'd start my veggie burger hunt here... since my friend asked me to get some drinks today... The veggie burger is great... the pickle superb, the sauce - nicee .. everything was good... I would have preferred some more texture to it .. but the guy did tell me before to ask for it to be fried.. I didn't LOL but it was still good.. I am not a fan of beer. I don't drink it.. however I do try beer often ( different ones) to see if I find one that I may actually like.. I have yet to find one.. however being the day of all things green I always want to drink a green drink! LUCKY for me @ PYT I sat next to some girls who suggested I try to cider.. and they'd make it green for me =D that made me happy haha so I got my green alcoholic beverage and my nice veggie burger.. I am content
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,12/22/2010,53,82,6,9,7>For how swanky it looks, the vibe is surprisingly approachable from the staff to the prices. The bartenders are tops and one in particular is in possession of both a best Philly bartender nod and a handlebar mustache. And I also had an amazing convo with the other barman in praise of junk in the trunk punctuated by my rendition of "Too much booty in the pants, Too much booty in the pants" while he shook it for me. Guess you had to be there? Our gang just missed the happy hour which featured legit deals, but we were hardly bummed about it when we saw they had Brooklyn Brewery's Local 1 which is something you don't see everywhere. A $13 bottle split between 3 people got us about a glass and a half each and at that price point we basically made our own special. And Domaine DuPage and Cane & Ebel from Two Brothers Brewing Company on draft are pretty amazing too. All in all it was a great place to meet friends for drinks, but there was an incident with a completely obliterated patron that suddenly slid to the ground without buckling. At all. Bernie Lomax-style. Her male suitors were pretty unconcerned and they resumed their conversation. That seemed a bit sloppy undergrad "I'm so wasted!! I don't usually do this!!" for this kind of establishment. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but you've got to know your venue.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,12/21/2010,89,237,12,6,8>Embarrasingly, I've even written a poem about my love for El Jarocho.  Mexican food is my favorite, and El Jarocho is in my top 5 for Mexican in the city.  The food is fantastic.  The shrimp burrito is my go-to and always excellent.  The queso fundido is also great.The delivery is a plus, but I must say the food is much better eating in, and its byo.  Its worth the walk south to head to this fantastic place.i felt the need to add my poem (note this was for a contest, i don't write odes to all my favorite eateries)Ode to El JarochoGarces, Perrier, not even for a rainy day,Stephen Starr, can't even afford the bar.El Jarocho...that's where I go-cho.Obama has asked us to cut backSo El Jarocho is where I snack.Shrimp burritos and killer quesoall so good I want to give the chef a beso.In the recession, your wine habit may be too much,so bring a sixer of Dos Equis, and go dutch.Car troubles got you down,Not to worry, El Jarocho delivers all over town.When it comes to authentic Mexican eatsEl Jarocho cannot be beat.So head down to South Philly, or give them a call because their tacos and burritos are the best of all.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,12/20/2010,27,54,5,5,6>I'm not goth or anything, but my mother and I have always enjoyed strolling around cemeteries, and Woodlands is a treat. It's a great location to have photo shoots, take a jog, and go for a walk. As you're strolling in between the graves, a wave of peace will come over you and suddenly all the sounds of the city melt away- that's something you can only find in high-caliber urban cemeteries like Woodlands. Also, it's a fantastic place to collect moss, for all you terrarium enthusiasts.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,12/19/2010,111,189,4,6,6>It's a culinary event so worthy of a 100th review.A server pleasantly greets you at the door by, swiftly takes your coat and shows you to your table in a dining room that's a throwback to old school unabashed lavish elegance (read: slightly stuffy). Service is phenomenally attentive.The food is prepared with such attention to detail. All the courses from appetizers of beet consomme to our entrees of seared fish were presented wonderfully and tasted fabulous. It all tasted clean and fresh. No one flavor overwhelmed another. Totally unexpected from a French restaurant. Anything you order here will taste fantastic.And the legendary dessert cart. The magical hogwarts express lunch cart has been realized in dessert form. This dessert cart overflows with over a dozen different desserts and the best part? They load up your plate with a sampling of everything that will fit, then come around again and ask what seconds you'd like. They have everything you could desire: several types of chocolate cakes, lemon tarts, fruit tarts, ice creams, multiple cakes, cheesecake, fruit compotes etc.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,12/18/2010,443,449,20,12,13>Scene: Saad's Halal Place. A morose looking, young Indian male named Jeff (that's right, Jeff, not some name you can't pronounce, and no Jeff isn't adopted) walks in and sits down with a group of his friends, one of whom is hereafter referred to as "Lebanese friend."[Lebanese friend]: Hey d*uche.[Jeff]: Yo...[Lebanese friend]: Tell him (points to Saad) that you want a Shawarma sandwich, Lebanese style.[Jeff]: ... What?[Lebanese friend]: Just do it.(Jeff walks to the counter and orders a "Shawarma sandwich, Lebanese style.")[Saad]: Absolutely, we'll get that ready... Hey! (points at ignorant dude talking on the cell phone while standing in line) You can't use the phone in here! Can I get you anything else?[Jeff]: No, that's it. [Saad]: Ok, We'll have that right out. (5 minutes pass)[Saad]: Order for Jeff! Ah, now I see why you ordered that. Lebanese friend told you to, didn't he?[Jeff]: Yeah he did. [Saad]: Enjoy, my man. Let me know if you need anything.(Jeff walks back to table and devours incredibly filling sandwich in silence while his friends talk.)[Jeff]: That was... the best sandwich I've had in a long time.[Lebanese friend]: You're welcome.[Jeff]: What's the difference between Lebanese style, and regular?[Lebanese friend]: They add j*zz in the Lebanese style[1].[Jeff]: Oh wow... I like it!I'm not sure why I felt the need to tell this story, but that's really how it played out. The day went from utterly horrible to pretty decent after that meal. And you can use the phone in there, but only if you're someone Saad knows well. It's pretty funny watching people trying to be inconspicuous about using their phones, like somehow they feel special for disregarding a really simple rule. And debit cards are usable as well, but only if you're willing to take a fifty cent surcharge hit.The chicken marroosh (spelling?) is also delectable, delightful, downright dandy.[1]They actually don't add anything unsavory or inappropriate.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,12/15/2010,102,117,7,6,5>Allegro is always a good option when in the UPenn area, whether you want to grab a slice after going to The Bridge or need munchies before a hard night of partying. I was a Drexel kid, and I didn't go to Penn parties. We bought our own beer at Allegro and made our own parties- because we're Drexel, and we need to engineer everything ourselves.The pizza at Allegro is always good... nothing mind blowing, but it gets the job done like good pizza should. They have a better-than-average selection of sides, all of which I've enjoyed (especially the broccoli bites). One of the biggest draws is the wall of drinks, including a fair selection of good beer. (They also have cases of Budweiser Mineral Water... you know, if you like that sort of thing)Granted this is a Penn place, so it's likely you may run into d-bags and homeless people with no teeth, but that goes with the territory. Otherwise they have the campus pizza thing down pat.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,5/28/2008,49,99,10,5,6>Just got back from the Bay Area and In & Out's got absolutely nothing on  Five Guys.When ordering, go for the jalapenos. Unreal.I'd eat a Five Guys burger every single day if I didn't care about my arteries and girlish figure.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,5/27/2008,29,62,3,8,8>In my never-ending quest to find the perfect Carnitas Tacos (see my last meal on earth), I was fortunate enough to stumble across El Fuego.  While unfortunately, they don't have Carnitas at all, I found a delightful treat in their hard-shell tacos-- I had Chicken and Chorizo tacos, and I've been there twice so far.FIRST IMPRESSIONS:El Fuego is discreetly nestled just up the block from Washington Square, in fact I'm surprised that I stumbled across it in the first place.  I would think it would be less than easy to just find El Fuego if you weren't looking for it, signage is not so prominent.  You walk in to see a fairly small, narrow layout, a massive line that can get sloppy sometimes (as in it lacks as formalized a process as Qdoba or Chipotle), and fresh, delicious Mexican food being served up in much the same way as the afforementioned chains.  You tell one of 3 or 4 servers what you would like on your food and they build it for you right there...it's not the best way in the world, but it works.  Oh yeah, and there's no outdoor seating, which they could totally benefit from, they really ought to do that soon.THE FOOD:Other reviews here claim some of the food is a little wet and messy...I LIKE THAT!  Hahaha, half the charm of Mexican food in my opinion is the cleanup job you get to do after you finish the main part off, almost like a second meal.  I thought the Chicken was pretty good, it didn't knock my socks off, Chorizo I don't usually eat, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I thought it was very good as well.  I would take El Fuego's tacos over Qdoba, but nothing beats Chipotle yet, except my Mom's special recipe!  They also feature a respectable beer offering, so you can enjoy a nice import from south of the border as well.  Their menu is run-of-the mill-- burritos, tacos, quesadillas.  That's about it...don't go there expecting some immersive experience, it's not authentic Mexican, it's Cali style Tex Mex...which I happen to love regardless.  Price-wise, it's a tad more expensive than other similar joints, but nothing to kill your wallet.THE SERVICE:Service is mostly attentive, although I am not 100% on the cleanliness of the whole operation...not that I have huge issues with that, but neatnicks might take issue with that.  Their ordering to process is relatively easy, although they could firm it up a bit (hey, at least it's not some exasperated worker calling numbers out, waiting for the absent-minded moron to come claim his grub by about the time it's reached room temperature).THE VERDICT:Seeing as how there isn't a Chipotle in Center City (yet...let's keep praying folks), I would happily go to El Fuego in the meantime, and I'd recommend it to lovers of American-style Mexican food.  I wouldn't recommend it to people worried about a messy meal, or who were looking for truly authentic Mexican experience.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,5/25/2008,31,37,9,11,7>On a nice day, if you're driving by, you can smell the fresh bread emanating from the Baker Street Bread Co.  And once you smell it, you're under their spell where they lure you in, and before you know it, you've left with a few loaves of bread and you're missing a little cash.  If this was Harry Potter, the spell would be something called Breado Confundo.  But its ok because its so worth it.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,5/24/2008,317,333,7,6,8>yumit's like a Philly cheesesteak, but without the cheese. and instead of philly, it's Vietnam. and there's not really steak, unless you order it that way.so it's more like a bbq tofu hoagie. and that in itself, is a marvelous thing
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2008,5/23/2008,33,145,5,8,8>I came here a little while ago to see "DJ Jazzy Jeff and Friends". Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a club kinda person (Yeah Carrie E!). This is not my scene whatsoever. That being said, I didn't have a bad time. The place is very small, and set up kinda weird so it's hard to maneuver around. Fluid was packed pretty much the whole time, as was the dance floor. It took kind of awhile to get our drinks, but that's understandable. I'm not sure I'd go here again just because, like I said earlier, it's really not my scene, but I can see why people like it so much, and it's definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,5/21/2008,111,149,6,8,11>I adore the Sidecar. I first went early last summer and was thrilled to pieces to find that they actually did a proper Carolina-style barbeque plate, complete with cornbread and cracklins. (Carolina barbeque, for those of you who don't know, uses a thin vinegar-based sauce that is DIVINE if done right, which it is here.) The hush puppies were oh-so-tasty, though I would've liked them even better without the onions, especially since they're served with honey butter. The drink special that night was a mango margarita, and I had to order a second round because it hit the spot. OK, so I might've ordered a third one, too. I kept going back here to dine al fresco during the warmer months, but as I write this review I'm realizing it's been a while since I've eaten there. I'll be rectifying that situation ASAP.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2007,5/19/2008,87,194,3,5,4>This record store has such good word of mouth. That I haven't even been there and i'm going to give it 4 stars. My friend got Tom Waits "Nighthawks at the Diner" on Vinyl here. Quite the find. And for some reason my lame ass hasn't supported this local record store by buying some records that I won't be able to play because I need to get a new needle. Step 1. Go to Long in the Tooth. Step 2. Buy some Vinyl. Step 3. Realize that in addition to the other Vinyl I recently bought I have some new Vinyl that needs listening. Step 4. Buy a freaking needle. Step 5. Attach needle and play that Bob Dylan record you bought 3 months ago....---Update---I just went there for the first time today and dropped 133 bucks on merch, and I did the right thing. I got a few cds, but mostly a bunch of rekkids. Got some Jazz, Blues, Rockabilly, Punk , Reggae and a Steven Wright comedy record. They have a turntable for you to listen to stuff if ya want.. I told the girl behind the counter buying this stuff gave me a real good excuse to finally  get a needle, she was real helpful and told me armand's was the best place to go for needles... good selection, good prices, good staff.  You made me very happy today Long in the Tooth.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2008,5/17/2008,19,62,,5,7>Every time I have to throw a piece of paper in the trash I die a little inside. Like most apartment dwellers, my building does not offer paper/cardboard recycling. I was looking for a convenient place to drop off my recyclables and found the PPRP online. There are several locations throughout the city, so go to their site and find the one closest to you. One person really can make a difference.Spread the word. Please recycle!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2007,5/16/2008,23,29,3,4,3>In terms of shows:The church comes off as a place I would have loved to see shows when I was in high school, and that sentiment seems to make sense based on the general population.When I went a few weeks ago, I felt like, at 22 years of age, I was the oldest person in there.  I'm sure it wasn't entirely true, but because it's one of the few venues in the city that isn't also a bar, there are a lot of younger kids there.I'm not saying this to hate, I assure you.  I'm all about teenagers being into sweet tunes.  It's just as a heads up.  If you're 30 years old and want to check out a band, you might feel way out of place here.That being said, the church does get a good amount of bands coming through (thanks to R5 Productions), and there's no reason to skip them.  I'm typically one for having a few beers during a show, and I am unfortunately deprived of bar service in the church.  (I know, I know.  You figured there was a wet bar in the back.)  However, the shows tend to start a little earlier, so there's always the option to hit up a bar afterward.  When I was there last, the show was over and everyone was out the door by 11:00pm.Caveat: There's no AC in the summer time so, if you're a heavy sweater you might want to nuzzle up with one of the fans.  Not only for yourself, but for the rest of us too.  No one loves being touched by someone else's clammy arm.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,5/15/2008,370,524,6,7,8>Las Vegas Lounge is a crap hole and it's supposed to be.  They are currently in the middle of a remodeling project that seems like it's taking ages.  The new ladies' room is NiOCE tho. I like the food and I like the interesting people spotting while sat at the bar.    Shane is an awesome bartender.  Lots of people in the business show up there and it's always fun to listen to war stories--at least for me anyway.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,5/31/2010,75,163,5,10,9>My return to Snackbar was a pleasure. I am now a new fan. The new menu is great, lots of options for starters or "snacks" The entree list is well balanced with choices to fit your mood. Our server was so cute, friendly, and helpful, you just want to box her up and take her everywhere you go. The wine I ordered, which I wrote down the name, and will add later, was fantastic. I had four glasses. My entree was a special. It was a Very lightly fried chicken with collard greens and mashed potatoes loaded with fresh herbs and the chicken gizzards. The whole meal was rich and satisfying without being heavy. This down home food was upscale. My wife felt her burger with fried egg, was on par with the top Philly burger options. The ambiance like the food, is a mixture of warm but cool, sleek but cosy. The service is flawless. The only drawback is size, Snackbar is very small, so there may be an issue getting a seat. I plan on keeping an eye on Snackbar, and when space is available, they can count on seeing much more of me.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,5/30/2010,85,324,6,14,11>Marrakesh Express is located in an odd spot, next to a gym and across the street from an urban strip mall with a porn video store, a African food store, and a donut store(Donuts Plus).  The place is warm and very clean with booth seating on either side. Pictures of Morocco and other places in North Africa and/or the Middle East are on the wall. Sometimes there's soccer on the TV, sometimes not. I've had the lamb ketban and the schawarma platters. The lamb meat in the lamb ketban was succulent, moist and full of flavor. You could tell they spent time spicing the meat. The schawarma was also tender and had some flavor, though I didn't enjoy it as much as the lamb.Both platters came with a tomato and cucumber salad with mint on it that was very tasty. The yellow/saffron rice was also cooked just right. The olives that come with it are interesting. Evidently the owner soaks them in spices and garlic in some type of process. You may or may not like it depending on how much you like the spices present. The platters also come with your choice of appetizer. I've had the hummus twice and both times it was lick your plate good. The pita bread is a little on the dry side but otherwise ok.Brahim, the owner and his wife are both very nice and the service is top notch. The first time I came there Brahim poured me some Moroccan mint tea that he brews and gives to customers. Very very tasty and a nice way to thank your customers.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,5/29/2010,59,547,5,7,7>I've been passing by Jovan's Place for years. I've been meaning to eat her for almost as long.  I don't know why I waited.  I met with my good friend Ethan for dinner on Friday night.  For starters, Jovan's Place is a weird space.  It's a corner bar with no windows, and when you walk in there's a large bar, a big screen TV, and then a small dining room, all sort of crammed into one.  The place wasn't full, and we were seated right away.  All of the food is meticulously made to order, so we grabbed the menus right away to get our orders in; we knew they would take a bit of time.  The menu has about ten different entrees to chose from.  There were several enticing options.  I went with a schnitzel rolled with ham and cheese.  Ethan ordered a pork cutlet.  While we were ordering we were given some great bread and homemade pesto dipping sauce.  It was an excellent way to pass the time.  Ethan and I were catching up and it didn't seem like an abnormal wait time for the food.The beer selection is weak.  Draft beers consist only of major domestics, but there is a small selection from PBC.  It's too bad this isn't a BYO, that would take it up a notch.The service here is unmatched.  I think I love it because this restaurant is complete family affair; our man server/bartender was the owner.  His wife and mother make all of the food.  His young son was sitting at one of the tables playing Nintendo DS.  His older son was having dinner with friends at another table.  It was a great vibe.  On top of that, everyone is incredibly nice and attentive.  They were genuinely concerned with us enjoying our meals.The schnitzel was nothing like I expected.  It kind of looked like a corndog.  But it tasted amazing.  One of the cheeses was home made.  It was like a fancy cordon-blue.  All of the meats/cheeses were high quality products and complimented each other well.  Ethan's dish was more what I expected mine to look like, and he enjoyed it.  I did a comparison taste test, and it wasn't as good of a cut as I ordered.  We both had a side of mashed potatoes, which were fine, and a lot of veggies.  The vegetables were the low point of the meal, I think they were canned.  Overall, the meal was excellent.The owner insisted that we try his homemade cherry liqueur for dessert.  They use homegrown cherries, and it tastes phenomenal.  I highly recommend it as a perfect end to your meal here.Bottom Line:  Jovan's Place is a self proclaimed Yugoslavian restaurant.  I love that.  The food is excellent, the service is great, and it's a nice place to chill out.  The prices are just a bit higher that comparable spots, but it's so worth it, you shouldn't give it a second thought.  Try this place out.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,5/28/2010,156,121,6,7,9>mmmmmm. I work around the corner from this place so if I'm hungry i'm likely walking here if I'm too lazy to head up to walnut.Their deli is super well stocked with lots of different options for sandwiches that are absolutely delicious. I had the turkey club on potato bread and it was sooo good. Could have used a little bit more bacon though. For breakfast, their options are a little bit more slim, they have breakfast sandwiches wrapped in foil and sitting under a hot light, but that's not how I roll so I can't give a definitive thumbs up or thumbs down on those. however! Their bagels remind me of the kind you'd get at any bodega scattered over the five boroughs in ny. Not toasted, pre cream cheesed, and HUGE. Plus they're DELICIOUS! I'm not one for untoasted bagels, but sometimes I just get that craving for one... I have a bagel problem, honestly. Their coffee is great and fresh as well.Go get some.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,5/25/2010,53,82,12,11,13>There are lots of things to like about this place. Here's a few: This is the perfect place to bring your boyfriend after his wallet gets stolen and he's in need of serious comfort food. Ouch. Ratty tees and sneaks are perfectly at home here as they fully expect you to make an effing mess. In fact, you get your very own jug of water and roll of paper towels for cleaning up the aftermath of your meal. The lighting is moody and will make you feel like a sexy urban cowgirl despite the sauce smeared on your cheek. The whiskey list is bomb. They don't look at you funny if you order mostly sides. You can get a root beer float for dessert. There's something you should know about me. It may look like I throw five star reviews around like confetti, but that's because I try to make it a point to review the businesses I really, really love. I feel an overwhelming responsibility to be one of the people willing to give props to compensate for dissatisfied customers that are far more likely to tell people about their experiences. Dissatisfied customers will tell eight to ten people about their problem. One in five will tell 20. That number is considerably higher if that customer participates in the Yelp community. I find myself having rave vs. rant dilemmas. Also, I suffer from this weird disorder where I think every business I like that falls under went down in flames because of me. So I try to do what I can. That said, I don't throw them around lightly. I strategically place them as appropriate. And Percy Street Barbecue is the most recent recipient of the much-coveted, five-starred Yelp constellation. Frequent the shit out of this place for the sake of all city dwellers sans backyards that can't grill their own.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2009,5/24/2010,112,62,13,13,10>I had a nightmare once that involved me showing up for my hair appointment only to find my stylist gone! As in, vanished. Poof! It was awful. And to make things even worse, the cool, low-key salon environment had suddenly morphed into one of those Toppers-type places that are full of orange-y tan women with over-processed hair. Eeeeek! It scared the shit out of me. I woke up thanking the sweet baby Jesus it was only a dream. A few of my (and soon-to-be your) favorite things about Salon Ricochet:-Snack-size bags of Doritos (and complimentary wine, if you're up for it)!-Reasonable prices!-Friendly, talented, and knowledgeable stylists! LANA RULES! You know you want to look pretty. What are you waiting for?
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,5/23/2010,44,141,4,4,6>I love Pod.  I really do.  For 10 years, I've been going here for fresh sushi, well thought out cooked food, and fantastic drinks.  In college, I was all about the sushi bar and happy hour.  Then I discovered the bento box lunch.  For $15 I could have a great meal and typically have enough food to take home for dinner as well.  Plus, it's affordable for a nice meal with friends or to go pick a prof's brain about something.  Then I came back for grad school and all of a sudden had a recruiting budget.  This is where I got to know Pod.  Pod Caesar? Best in the city.  Seriously dee-lish. The teriyaki Kobe burger at lunch? Even my mom, who HATES Japanese food, liked this burger.  The Tuna Hand Roll 3 ways?  MMM...although I do chuckle like a 12 year old at the title.  U-Love Salmon special?  You're right, Pod... I do.  And let's not forget the Bao goodness in the Duck two ways... Those of you who actually read my reviews (i.e. Ali E. and occasionally Monica) know I love me some steamed bread.So with that, a good friend of mine was in town, so I procured a 9:15 for me, him, Ali E, and her beau and we went for some all you can eat sushi.  I got there a few minutes late, and they told me they couldn't find my rezzie and that I was the first to arrive.  I go to check my coat and see a text from my friends that they're already seated.  Hmm. Overwhelmed and somewhat rude host desk.  Good start to the day.  We sit and it's a hot trannie mess in the restaurant.  HUGE plates of maki coming out left and right for the All you can eat festivities.  In terms of selection -- they pretty much had all the basics.  Not the cheap stuff.  Good fresh salmon, snapper, bass (which is actually super tender and not fishy at all here), fluke, yellowtail.  A few shellfishes I don't eat.  Basically your choice of maki, hand roll, or nigiri.  And if you want spicy? sure?  crunchy? sure...well...sort of (my penn roll lacked that quaker crunch).  I don't think we were aggressive enough with the ordering, what with the pay a-la-carte for everything you don't finish, but we ate well.  Waits were long, as we were in the restaurant almost 3 hours for some sushi.   But I was full as hell when I left and very pleased with my meal.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,5/22/2010,16,82,7,6,5>When my boyfriend and I were looking to rent a room together we naturally went on Craigslist to find us some roommates. Craigslist is not a good place to find roommates (In case you haven't heard horror stories already, think "controlling, eavesdropping snoop" or "delusional, constantly-mutters-under-his-breath-er." You get the idea.) so we decided to (gasp) actually meet with the potential roommates first! We all decided to meet at Devil's Den, and while the circumstances still made it an awkward meeting the overall experience was great. I hate going to bars; I rarely drink unless there are fermented grapes involved. The bartender seemed to sense my uncertainty and took the time to make recommendations based on the tiny bit of knowledge I possessed about beers. He even offered up two samples in mini beer mugs (this is probably normal, but it blew my mind). Whatever he gave me was great. I drank lots of it, stumbled home and thought about plants. Or something.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,5/21/2010,1014,321,5,7,6>Though the narrow, railway-style space is a factor, it seems the owners of Zavino have a hit on their hands. Our table of four waited about 35 minutes (during prime-time Thursday night), finally accepting four contiguous seats offered by the hostess at the undulating white marble bar, rather than keep waiting for a table. Three pizzas -- the earthy, mushroom-decked Kennett, the fresh-tasting basic Margherita and the Polpettini scattered with veal meatballs -- plus one vegetable side amply fed the four of us.  My favorite were the super light meatballs. Once rolled off my slice, (I hadn't sneezed) and I looked so sadly at it on the floor.  A short cocktail, beer and wine by the glass list was satisfactory to our purposes and our bartender was quick and friendly.   My Negroni (gin, Campari, sweet vermouth) was the perfect, bitter foil to the light and crispy pizza.   Will definitely return as prices were more than reasonable.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,5/20/2010,44,92,3,9,6>Recently, I read about the bento box lunch deal at raw cafe at boyd's.  ordinarily, boyd's makes me nervous -- maybe it's all of the prada and gucci -- but i love deals, so got over my trepidation.  that, and i brought my husband along with me.So, I am not that into sushi.  I tend to stick to spicy shrimp tempura.  Raw cafe is definitely a great place for sushi novices to eat in peace without fear of judgment.  The space is stylish, intimate, and a bit secluded -- located on the mezzanine.I knew exactly what i wanted before the waitress brought over the water -- the yellowtail lunch box.  For $14 you get miso soup, steamed white rice, green salad, 2 pcs California roll, 2 pcs porkand vegetable dumplings, pickled daikon, beef negimaki, and spicy tuna tartare -- PLUS 2pcs yellowtail sushi and 8 pcs yellowtail and scallion roll.  After all of that food, i felt pleasantly satiated.  In fact, I couldn't finish it all.The miso soup was excellent.  The veggie dumplings were a bit crispy for my taste, but the flavor was good.  My husband liked the beef negimaki, but i thought it was a tad oily/watery.  I ate them both, though, so they couldn't have been that bad.  As for the rolls, I ate 7 out of the 8 pcs.  Fresh enough and not fishy tasting.  Loved the texture of the sushi as well.  Still not my thing, but if I am ever in the mood for a change of pace at lunchtime, I will remember raw cafe.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/17/2013,123,206,17,24,26>As Christina G and Nina S have yelped, we were all here Saturday night. I didn't partake in the pork tacos or chicken fajitas, but I had my shrimp fajitas and loved them. So much, in fact, that I took the boyfriend back tonight and ordered the same thing.Unlike Christina, he was brave enough to try the super spicy sauce from the back. He was sweaty from it. We took tequila with us this time, and tried two different margarita mixes. The first: cherry, orange, and lime blend tasted like fresh squeezed juices and was just sweet enough. The latter, pomegranate, was great initially, but a bit too sweet after a glass or so.Because my boyfriend is obsessed with tres leches, he order that for dessert, and it was the best I've ever tried, I think. He also ordered a Mexican Coffee and enjoyed it.This isn't a fancy joint, but the food is yummy and it can fit you and all your friends at once.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,6/16/2013,361,266,8,11,12>Had the BEST experience at Friday Saturday Sunday last night (or as my mom mistakenly called it: Thursday Friday Saturday).It took me a long time to decide where to go for my graduation dinner (didn't want something too expensive for my frugal family who rarely goes out in the city, but wanted something nice enough/delicious for them to enjoy it -but not too crazy, and wanted a new place for me to try and enjoy). So glad I settled on this place. It was perfect.The service was AMAZING. The waiter had noticed my note on Opentable that this was a grad dinner and when it came to pouring the champagne (you can BYOB one bottle for a $10 corkage fee) he asked for the graduate first, even brought me back the cork as a souvenir, AND put a candle in my key lime pie. He also basically is best friends with my mom now, after she asked him to rank and analyze every dessert on the menu, and this turned into a 20 minute debacle.Decor/atmosphere was adorable, intimate, and perfect for the occasion. The mirrors and Christmas lights are adorable. Tables were separated enough that we were able to laugh, cry, and enjoy our meal without disturbing others.The food was also spectacular, especially the Rack of Lamb (perfectly tender, juicy, and crispy outside) and the Caribbean Sweet Potato Bisque they have right now. The Cream of Mushroom soup was reaallly mushroom-y, you better love mushrooms to order it. The Ahi Tuna salad was very good but the wasabi dressing will really clear out your sinuses: get ready. Calamari salad: YUM, but grilled, not fried, which I like, but not everyone does. Smoked Fish trio was great, and so was the duck. Portions were ample but not overwhelming. The key lime pie got devoured as if we weren't already stuffed, SO GOOD. Great spot, highly recommend for special occasion, family dinner, or date!
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,6/15/2013,90,173,3,7,6>I love this liquor store! Living in the city makes you miss out on liquor stores that carry EVERYTHING. So when I head back to Jersey to see my parents, a trip here is always on the itinerary.  They just started this really cool wine tasting club. For $12 a year you can try 4 wines per visit (once a day) and you get a cork screw when you sign up. It's a solid deal, and the wines that they are promoting at the tasting area are reasonably priced, which makes it better if you fall in love with one of the wines. They also have every mixer you can imagine. For the beer drinkers they have EVERYTHING. I don't personally drink it, but all I know is there is an entire aisle dedicated to local brews with really cool looking labels.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,6/14/2013,268,273,7,9,9>What exactly is jicama and where can I buy it? I was crazy about the raw "frys" I had at Doc Bakers which were made of chopped jicama, which is kind of a less sweet, very crisp apple. The frys came sprinkled with chili powder and a small dish of a spicy but light chili lime dressing. My husband and I inhaled every last fry. After our jicama starter, I dove into my New Mex salad with spicy walnut paste and a scoop of fresh guacamole served on a bed of mixed greens. My one complaint is that I would have liked more greens or maybe some crisp romaine lettuce, in order to stand up to all the heavy and delicious salad toppings. After reading about this place in an Inquirer article about the plant-based dining scene in the Philly burbs, I figured Doc Bakers would be right up my alley of fresh, organic foods, so I put it on my list of places to check out when we ventured to Doylestown. I'm really glad I did. Other reviewers have remarked on the prices here, but I found it quite reasonable for the quality and the "everything is organic" guarantee.The iPad ordering system takes a little getting used to, especially to those uninitiated to the menu, like myself. However, it does seem like a great way to keep the staff focused on food prep. We got our order within 10 minutes of placing it. The restaurant itself is bright, clean and cheerful with purplish spotlights displaying the wheat grass planters in the front, and six or seven tables with comfortable chairs in the dining area. You can actually smell fresh fruit, as soon as you walk in the door.I had a few sips of my husband's simple chocolate smoothie to finish my meal. With absolutely no refined sugar, the smoothie contains only cocoa, bananas, alkaline water and vanilla. It was an absolutely perfect dessert for a person who is avoiding sugar but misses sweets like nobody's business. That person is me, if you couldn't tell. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,6/13/2013,74,108,5,7,8>H O L Y   M O L E.  There are no words to really describe how heavenly their homemade mole is.  Savory, sweet, tangy, rich, decadent, earthy, yum yum yum yum yum.  It's amazing.  I would eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day for the rest of my life if I could.Yelp needs a six star rating reserved for places such as this.Oh.  My.  G-d.La Esp is an adventure every time you go.  The atmosphere is lively and the waitstaff and bartenders are some of the nicest people around.I have friends who know them all on a first name basis and are treated as VIP because they go so often.  Their food is just that good.  There is not one thing that can be said about this restaurant that is negative.If you love Mexican as much as I do, this is the place to go.  There is no substitute for their fresh made guacamole, their succulent cactus salad, or their "FAT ALEX." (Regulars know what it is!)They have their own brand of tequila that is so delicious that it needs to be sipped and enjoyed rather than knocked back.Unless you're Tard the Grumpy Cat,  there is no way you can't have a phenomenal experience every single time you come to La Esp!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,6/12/2013,828,1172,,9,6>For fanciful yet unpretentious dining, and a restaurant with a well rounded bar selection and an impressive selection of cheeses on the Main Line; It really doesn't get much better than Savona. I learned that before but it took a successful Mother's Day brunch to rekindle that memory.Tucked away in an unsuspecting corner of Gulph Mills Road, Savona is an intriguing restaurant in an older building with an updated a modernized decor, especially were it counts in the dining room. the bar featured an amicable selection of brews from the likes of Dogfish Head, Yards, and Ommegang; as well a a satisfactory cocktail list. But in the tradition of brunch I opted for a Grey Goose Bloody Mary which yielded a subtle spicy kick.Whether it was a cream of goat cheese in a crimini mushroom soup, pecorino romano in a risotto with bacon, or a parmesean reggiano melt in a Tuscan white bean soup; I was really in awe of the ways that cheese was utilized in the menu. And they succeeded in the rare task of opening a monger like me up to some previously unheard of varieties like Creme Royale and a smooth but slightly salty triple creme goat cheese that I really wish I could remember the name of. Overall the farm to table food menu was very thought out and featured some well played twists. The aforementioned mushroom soup might have been the best that I've ever had. And my eggs Benedict with asparagus and a smoked Scottish salmon was one of those rare egg dishes that had me wanting to lick the yolk off my plate. and my mom and dad were satisfied with their blue claw crab scrambled eggs.Really the only flaw to this successful brunch was that it was a brunch menu that they only offered on special occasions like Mother's Day. But it definitely impressed me enough to check them out on a regular dinner or lunch. And they definitely have a variety of other special occasions like cooking classes and beer events.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,6/11/2013,51,64,17,4,3>Although it's called "Little Baby's Ice Cream," you must BYOB (Bring Your Own Baby). It is not FBBB (For Babies By Babies) nor will you be babied there. However, several babies were in attendance for the grand opening of the Cedar Park Embassy, which officially opened today. Why officially open on 4/20? There is absolutely no reason. There is no significance to this date, especially amongst people who prefer dessert. None.There were helpful faces and many delicious treats on premises, including Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla and Butterscotch Scotch ice cream. Vegan flavors abound as well including Earl Grey Sriracha. Tasting flights were popular, although I opted for the ice cream sandwich: two vegan cookies of your choice (mine were oatmeal) housing the flavor of your choice (Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla). Some of the ice cream dripped onto the lap of my pants, which may have given people the wrong idea about what I thought of the ice cream. Excuse me, I meant the right idea.If you live in West Philadelphia, do not hesitate to stop by this bastion of ice creamed glory very soon. You will not regret it. Babies welcome.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/10/2013,119,247,10,16,13>I was invited to sample some of Tango's specialty cocktails the week before the soft opening. I enjoyed my time at Tango so much I decided to return for the soft opening, and am happy to say I was not disappointed. I sat in the upstairs karaoke area both days. There are huge TV screens everywhere - last night two were showing ESPN and the rest were dedicated to karaoke. The karaoke screen is also projected on one floor-to-ceiling window, to lure in curious passersby no doubt!Songs were free all night so after some liquid courage from Victor, the awesome bartender, it was time to sing. I belted out my favorite Ace of Base ditty and got some help from the night's emcee, Nate. (He's a great singer by the way; if you're shy about singing alone I'm sure he'd be happy to sing along!)My favorite drink from the sampling was the Hello Kitty, but if tangy "girl" drinks aren't your thing, there's also a tasty Jameson Mojito or the equally dangerous Pineapple Express (you thought your 151 days were behind you - HA). Food-wise, I can only speak to the gyoza; my wallet cringed when I saw that it was $6 for six pieces, but I felt a little better after I received the order. The gyoza at Tango are not the typical light dumpling I'm used to (I don't think gyoza wrappers were used, I has a sad) but they were filling. My recommendation would be to try one of Tango's many noodle offerings, have a couple of drinks, and end the night singing Rihanna's "Birthday Cake" and imbibing the deliciously sweet It's Not Even My Birthday martini.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/9/2013,1094,689,8,9,7>Hot damn, Hot Diggity!I had a chance to eat a "real" dinner somewhere else, but instead, held out for you on my walk down South Street. You didn't disappoint me in the slightest. I took my time and looked over your crazy awesome menu with accompanying fun artwork. In reading over the various descriptions, my eyes screeched to a stop on the Texas Hold'em...a hot dog wrapped in bacon?? RU F KM!? BBQ sauce? Melted Cheese? Hot sauce? I was giddy just anticipating and waiting for it.So, what did I think? Well, bascially, I friggin' love you. No diggity, no doubt!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/8/2013,509,364,6,7,7>*** Pretzel Review ONLY ***Living in Philly (well, the 'burb sticks) there are pretzels everywhere. Delicious ones, even at chain gas stations (Wawa). There are soft pretzel chain stores like Philly Pretzel Factories which are in every township and brought to business meetings in lieu of doughnuts 'round these parts. For a minute, being so close to the pretzel capital of the U.S., killed my thirst for pretzel search. But it always happens when you're not looking for it. This weekend I met up with a Jr. High School friend whom I hadn't seen since NYC circa 2010. We took cover from a chilly Philly faux Spring in the cafe closest to us, which happened to be Metropolitan Bakery. The whole wheat sourdough fennel pretzel was spotted and ordered - served toasted, sliced in half, with grainy mustard. The first bite said it all - a crunch of salt, a crunch of fennel seed, toasted exterior, soft, chewy innards. Mustard was not needed, although I love mustard too much not to. Bursting with sour, nutty and a pleasant herbal fennel punch - this pretzel was outstanding. The best I've had in a long while, and will make my way back for more on purpose in the future!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/9/2014,46,77,7,9,6>Zinburger? More like WINburger! Eh? Eh? Ahem. I apologize for that. So my search is over. I've been looking all over for a burger joint to call home, and I've finally found it. Five Guys is fine for a quick bite, but if you really want a great gourmet burger with some variety, this is the place you wanna be at.It's open, cheerful, and reasonably priced. You might not even know it existed if you didn't drive by, though! The only reason I even found out was through some fellow yelpers who had tried it out before. What? The burgers? Settle down, be patient, I'm getting there!The truffle fries were really, really good. They come out immediately which is great when you're hungrily awaiting your meaty feast. They're shoestring style and not super crispy, but it works for them. They come sprinkled with cheese and green onions and you also get a side of garlic aioli for dipping. YUM.Burgers. We tried the "breakfast burger" and "the ringer", both of which were freaking phenomenal. Look up their menu and tell me they don't sound great! The flavors were just right. There was just enough "stuff" on it to give it some variety without eclipsing the cow flesh itself. I made sure to take a bite of just the meat, to see if it was riding its condiments' coattails. But it was every bit as juicy and delicious as it should have been! I imagine that even a plain burger here would still stand head and shoulders above most other burger joints. The toppings were just an extra bonus that made it that much more exciting.Oh, did I forget the milkshakes? We got the salted caramel milkshake and it too was a living legend. Overall, we were blown away. Considering that most of their burgers are only $10 to $12 (comparable to any mediocre chain restaurant), it is amazing to me just how GOOD they are. This is a fun place to take your date, kids, or a group of friends.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/8/2014,258,188,5,10,4>I can't speak to the pizza, but when it comes to cheesesteaks (and I know cheesesteaks), this place has - bar none - the best I have ever tasted in the area.  They are unequaled within 20 miles.  The bread is amazing, the sandwich not too salty, and baked in the oven to give it that beautiful crisp outside texture, while retaining the softness inside.  Today was my first time ordering from Greco's, and it will definitely not be my last.  In addition to the California cheesesteak, built with perfect ratios of shredded iceberg, juicy tomato, red onion,  and mayo to beef, I also sampled the fried mushrooms.  I ordered them with marinara as opposed to the specified ranch dressing, and you really couldn't ask for anything more from such a simple thing.  They were lightly yet amply breaded, super crispy, and juicy.  There was a also hint of garlic, and while I couldn't tell whether it came from the mushrooms or the sauce, wherever its origin, it was the perfect complement.I am smitten, and I cannot wait to spread the word, or to try their other offerings.  Delivery was fast, the items were hot and fresh, and the food was inexpensive relative to competitors.  My sandwich was a solid 12", packed with quality ingredients, and ran $8.50, which is practically free.  Even if I didn't have a leftover half, I'd know exactly where dinner was going to come from.  As a rule I don't rave about pizza places, but for this experience, I will make an exception.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,6/7/2014,116,232,1,10,4>La Calaca Feliz is, in my opinion, the best out of three restaurants.  Two words- cauliflower tacos.  Wow!  Cauliflower has never been so delicious.  You must try it.We made reservations (they take open table) and were seated quickly on a Saturday night.  I got their classic margarita- delicious and dining buddy got the chili margarita which he noted was great, but not nearly as hot as the jalapeno marg at el camino real.  But, nothing is ever spicy/hot enough for his liking, so chili marg sipper beware.  We started out with the guacamole and pumpkin soup.  The guacamole was fresh and delicious.  Neither of us cared for the pumpkin soup.  It didn't taste like pumpkin, it didn't really taste like squash, and it needed approx. 5 tbsp of salt to taste remotely like anything.  I'd advise against.  As I mentioned earlier, I had the cauliflower tacos and they were maybe some of the best tacos I have ever had.  We also tried the mushroom tacos which were different and delightful.The service here was great.  Everyone was friendly but not intrusive.  Decorations are fun and atmosphere could be great for a dinner with friends or a nice place to take a date.All in all, I had a great time at La Calaca Feliz and they have this great little back patio area that makes me wish for warmer days.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,6/6/2014,132,252,2,6,5>I am a tough critic when it comes to Italian food. My family is Italian and cooking is in our blood. The concept of "family style" Italian-American food just sounded like a mediocre food experience. One taste at Carmine's changed my view completely. My family and I have been to Carmine's numerous times (AC and NYC). It's a great place to eat when dining with a big group of hungry Italians. The portions are huge and no matter the amount of people dining with you or how hungry you are you will have leftovers. Some of my favorites from the menu are both the cold and hot antipasto platters, the penne vodka, tiramisu and Titanic dessert. The cold antipasto platter contains calamari marinated in a parsley, onion and vinegar dressing and it is just unbelievable (my mouth is watering just thinking about it). The tiramisu could be a little more coffee infused for my taste. The Titanic was described by a server as "a giant ice cream sundae". Sold. The house wine is one of my favorite wines. The wine is made from a little town in Italy where my grandfather grew up. Don't bother spending a lot of money on a more well known bottle. The service has always been excellent when dining at Carmine's. On a recent trip to Carmine's we had an excellent server, Laura. She was very patient while waiting for me to translate for my family. Our table was even given complimentary Sambuca to go along with our espresso. Mille grazie!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,6/5/2014,203,559,1,10,5>Came back to The Strip Joint to take advantage of the outdoor seating and enjoyed the burger and portabello mushroom dish. Both were fantastic, but the burger really stole the show. At $16 it's not cheap, but it's HUGE and had excellent flavor. We will definitely come back for that! Our drinks were a bit disappointing on this trip (they've changed the drink menu and while they all sounded delicious in theory, the two we ordered were meh - and seemed pretty weak). Owen has been our server twice now and he's fantastic! Super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/4/2014,467,310,7,14,8>The drive down Rt 47 to  Wildwood and Cape May is gonna be slow and stressful most weekend in the summer. You're gonna have to stop for one reason or another, and Bert's is someplace that I would stop often over the past couple years to eat. It's a small corner business at the 347 & 47 split heading South. Inside this small cafe you can get anything from Tex Mex, hoagies and cheesesteaks, burgers, fries, fried chicken, and BBQ meals. I've had plenty of meals here, and never a bad one. Even when I had no plans on stopping here, I always wind up stopping here... The meals are that good. Everything is fresh and homemade. I'd be typing all day to describe what meals I like here. The brisket is tender and goes well with his homemade sauce. Any of his burgers are great... The tacos are tasty as well. One of the most memorable things I got there was  a large hot dog on an Italian roll, topped with a little onion, cole slaw, hot brisket, and his BBQ sauce... Absolutely amazing. How did I wind up with this, and its not on the menu?? I asked for a chili dog, and there wasn't any chili that day... The owner told me, "I don't have any chili, but I can hook something up that I know you'll like"... And he was right. It's that type of service and food served that keeps me stopping in every time I drive that way.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/3/2014,150,393,6,10,8>You haven't had the true Philly sports experience until you've been to CBP. I'm a life long Phillies fan and had a hard time letting the Vet go. After I got past the initial adjustment, I've grown to love this great stadium.For one, there's not a bad seat in the house. I've sat in variety of locations over the years, and while they've mostly been nosebleeds, I've always had a good view of the game. Speaking of views, the stadium was ingeniously structured with gorgeous views of Center City Philadelphia.  I have more stadium sunset pictures then I know what to do with, but I can't help taking in the sights. Slightly obstructing the city view is the high tech, digital scoreboard. Ice cream shuffle or Septa race anyone? I always look forward to the in between inning entertainment. For a 10 year old stadium, its also pretty well maintained. Bathrooms at athletic venues normally skeeve me out, but they keep the bathrooms pretty clean. The rest of the stadium follows suit.Of course they sell overpriced stadium food and drink. However the selection and variety is actually pretty good. Last night my section was conveniently located near the Alley Brewing Company and was able to quickly get myself a Goose Island IPA. The stadium is also home to local favorites such as Federal Donuts and Chickie and Pete's. I just object to spending most of my ballpark experience waiting in line for food I can get at their flagship locations.So I'll root, root, root for the Phillies and if they don't win its a shame....but at least I'll know that I'm going have a great time at the ball park.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/2/2014,339,909,9,13,9>You have to really want to get to Mood Indian Restaurant because the approach is a challenge. When 95 South was jammed south of Girard, I was able to jump off, zigzag my way to Spring Garden, make a left on N.4th, and start looking for my destination.  There it was, but at first view it seemed to be behind bars.  Fences and security everywhere.  Reminded of prison gates.  Quickly realized all that parking was for residents, and the street meters were the only nearby option.  At 12 minutes for .25 on a Saturday night, I fished out all my quarters and fed the hungry metal mouth. Then located the narrow opening in the fence and the walkway leading to the resto.  I hoped I had all the necessary credentials to get through customs. The boss was squeegeeing his front windows as I walked up to the door.  I was impressed that he had not delegated the work, but took pride in his shop's appearance, knowing that first impressions are so important.  Stepping inside after confirming I had arrived with Ali, I was taken by the crispness of the white linen tablecloths and red napkins.  The space had high industrial ceilings, giving an open sensation.  I was shown to the table and sat down to await the arrival of my friends.  I was alone there at 6 pm; thinking that Indians/Pakistanis prefer late dinners.  I liked the vibe as I perused the menu and took in the details.  After V & M arrived, we ordered several dishes to get a cross section of the kitchen fare.  Samosa Chaat, Chicken Malabar for apps; Salmon Tandoori, Chicken Makhani, Baingan Bharta(Eggplant), a Bread Basket mix, and Basmati Rice as entrees.   Mango Lassi for me, and Sweet Lassi for M.   All were good to excellent. Most memorable were the Chicken Malabar which was grilled and breaded with Coconut, the Samosa Chaat, which had all the ingredients of a Samosa, but reformulated into an open dish full of Potato, Peas, various crunchy chips and spices. Additionally, the Baingan Bharta was very well done with a complementary heat/sweet texture, and the Makhani was tender in a Tomato base curry that was requested hot spiced and delivered fully.  The Salmon Tandoori was the most colorful dish (see photo), but the fish was a tad dry and the veggies and spices so overpoweringly good, that the mild taste of the Salmon was somewhat hidden by its pushy roommates. All in all, a very good meal in a pleasant environment.  By the time we left around 8, the room was full, along with our stomachs.  We ended up taking a large portion home with us.  I will definitely return once they let me out on parole.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,6/1/2014,996,928,14,18,14>When you tell someone that you're going to a restaurant on Passyunk, they will usually assume that it is one of usual culprits that reside just east of Broad street. They forget that there is an entire world of possibilities west of 16th street and, while most of those possibilities involve being murdered for your wallet, the area finally has some places that are successfully carving out a food niche. Taproom on 19th is the first that comes to mind and Grubhouse is the other. There is nothing not to love about Grubhouse. This newly renovated diner has a slick, modern interior and a price point that just baffles me. I could blow my 4 dollars on a greasy pair of fried eggs, toast, and a hash brown patty at Breakfast McCrapperstein's or I could mosey on over to Grubhouse and get toast topped with truffled mushrooms, hot sauce, fried egg, cope's corn chorizo, and scallions - for the same price. Honestly, there's no comparison. I hesitate to use the term "elevated diner food" but that's probably the only accurate way to describe the menu here.The biscuits n' gravy are great. the nutella cupcake is great. The hot dogs are clever (pulled pork, root beer bbq, vinegar-based slaw, pickled jalapeño on a dog anyone?). The homemade green sriracha is out of this world. Protip: park in the Pep Boys parking lot across the street.Protip 2: BYOB. Come for brunch and laugh at the suckers going to other restaurants, willing to wait 45 minutes to pay 3 times as much for food that is half as good.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/31/2014,159,219,10,8,7>I don't hand out too many 5-star ratings, but the food here is just that awesome. I came here specifically for tapas. Speaking of tapas, if you're open to all kinds of dishes, meats, etc., I highly recommend the Med-Latin plate. It's enough for two people. It includes hummus and pita, which isn't anything to go crazy over, but the hummus is pretty good. The calamari is good and the beef kabobs were juicy and tender. The other items in the Medi-Latin plate, which were amazing in my opinion were the spicy pulled chicken empanadas, the buffalo chicken croquettes and the spanakopita. This isn't the spanakopita you get in bulk at BJ's; it's made with love.I couldn't leave here without ordering the lobster and crab mac and cheese. Maybe it's me, but it seems like 80% of the restaurants in Philly serve some variation of lobster mac and cheese. Well, let me be the one to say...Valanni has the BEST lobster mac and cheese in Philly. Oh, did I mention it also has crab? I've had lobster mac at R2L, Continental and other locations, but they don't compare. The Crispy Shitake Polenta was also good. It's sautéed shrimp, with warm feta, pine nuts, roasted tomatoes and pesto. It was the last plate we shared and after having the aforementioned items, it didn't compare. It was like going to a concert and seeing the opening act perform after the main act. I was in a mojito mood and tried both the coconut mojito and the mango mojito. I preferred the mango as the coconut was a little too frothy.Overall, if you want to do tapas, I definitely recommend giving Valanni a try. Just a few things to consider:1. Make a reservation. It's gets crowded quickly.2. It's not the best location for a romantic date. It gets pretty loud. 3. The dining area is small, so if you don't like sitting close to people you don't know, you may want to go elsewhere.4. On busy nights, your wait time for your food may be a little longer than normal. Feel free to let your server know if you've been waiting too long (depending on what you define as a long wait for food). 5. If you decide to go and you're treating, hit me up because I will come with.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2007,5/18/2007,326,48,3,3,4>This was my favorite slice in the world before I moved to Brooklyn and is still worth five stars. This is a place where you grab a slice (no toppings) or order a whole pie to go.  Perfect for when you are drunk with ears buzzing after seeing a show at the TLA.This place has a cult-like following that almost reaches the level of Pat's and has a much more convenient location.  When you are visiting Philly top of your South Street bar crawl with a slice here and if you live in Philly and haven't been here then you probably hate it because it's great (get a life)
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2007,5/17/2007,91,220,,2,1>convenience convenience. yea! free 24 hr shuttle to the airport.the room, um "suite" was huge. we had a little living room area with a tv. the bedroom had a tv too. the room was clean, little on the older side but pleasantly modern. none of that victorian flowery crap.the girls at the front desk- very helpful and courteous. cool cottage cheese ceilings! remember those?
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,5/16/2007,98,74,3,4,3>"Rocky Balboa" was one of my favorite movies of 2006. (I love the original, which won the '76 Oscar for Best Picture, and I admire Stallone's knack for maintaining the character's likeability through six films. Think about it: Michael Corleone lost his intensity in the third Godfather, and George Lucas crashed and burned with the Star Wars prequels.) My point? Well, I'm in Philly on business, so to honor the Italian Stallion (who wound up opening a restaurant called "Adrian's"), I didn't object when I heard we'd be dining at La Famiglia. A taste of Italy, Philly-style.First-class? Yo. An elegant (yet relaxing and comfortable) setting, attentive service, and an incredibly expansive wine list (including the Mondavi Cabernet Sauvignon we all enjoyed). I was tempted by the Charcoal Grilled Filet Mignon (in a red wine sauce), but wound up ordering (and loving) the Pappardelle with Porcini Mushroom. The entire experience was a first-round knockout!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2007,5/15/2007,8,169,3,3,1>What made up my mind to go into this place is the "75". Everyone knows if you have a number behide the pho, it is always good. And Pho75 proves me right again. There is a variety of meat combinations for beef pho but only one chicken pho. It is the best pho I had anywhere in the east coast, Boston and NY included. So for those of you who are advanturous, give it a try.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,5/14/2007,99,334,2,3,1>Best breakfast everrrrr!!!! Everyone at my table ordered a different egg something or other and they all came out so tasty looking we were all sharing. Plus the coolest waiter ever - Jon - works here. He gave us great service and did a beautiful job designing the menu. The outdoor seating was killer and I have sidecar to thank for a perfect Sunday brunch.see my photos : flickr.com/photos/nicole
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,5/13/2007,147,260,1,8,4>I went to several fondue restaurants in the past, but The Melting Pot in King of Prussia is definitely one of the more outstanding restaurants.  Because it opened somewhat recently (in 2006), the interior is very chic and all the cooking wares (i.e. fondue pot) are still very new.  The lighting in the restaurant tends to be a bit dimmer, which might appeal to some.  The waiter and waitress are very nice.  You get to communicate a lot with them, since they make your cheese fondue, etc.Usually, people order Big Night Out - a 4-course dinner which includes cheese, salad, entree, and chocolate.  If that seems to heavy, you can always do cheese & chocolate only.  They just came out with a new flavor for cheese, called Feng Sui Cheese Fondue, which I absolutely loved!  Sadly, price tends to be somewhat expensive, but if you want relaxing experience, I would say go for it.  It was definitely worth my time.Overall, it's a great restaurant for girls' night out, a romantic date for two, or catching up with old friends with a glass of wine.  If you plan to bring children to the restaurant, I would make sure they are patient, because cooking process and the service can be a bit on the slower side.  Otherwise, the experience should be tons of fun - especially when they know they are eating the food they just cooked!  Also, I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/12/2007,0,1,,2,2>Little Italy Meets Philadelphia.What makes this restaurant truly great is its ability to combine different styles into a comfortable, casual enviornment.  Whether you are on a first date or in the middle of a long relationship, the atmosphere in the restaurant caters to both.  Whereas most restaurants tend to focus on pricing, service, or atmosphere, Lafourno combines all of that into a truly memorable experience.The restaurant itself is cozy, with an upstairs room for private parties or special events, while the downstairs boasts high-top tables and a number of smaller ones.  It also features large front windows where outsiders and passerbys can see cooks tossing pizza and making other speicalty dishes.  But don't be fooled, this isn't your classic pizza place with plastic dishes and canned sodas.  Nor does it try to be 'fine dining' by charging outrageous prices for otherwise simple meals.The owners frequently schmooze with their guests and go out of their way to make them feel welcome and comfortable.  While this sometimes means that owners in turn treat their help with less courtesy as the paying customers, the same cannot be said here.  Often the owners can be seen smiling and helping out the servers, bussers, and even chefs.  Such proffesionalism doesn't stop there but extends into the foods they create.  Whether its, fresh fish, pasta, pizza or just their homemade bread, every meal has that made from scratch taste and care.  So if you're seeking a casual little place to take that first date, a friendly place to host a special occasion, or a romantic anniversary dinner for two, be sure to check out Lafourno.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,5/11/2007,115,266,,4,4>Ever eat a buffalo?If not, Ted's is the place to lose your bison virginity. They're very patient and they tell you everything they're going to do before they do it. It was good for me.Ted's is an old school American home cooking restaurant with calico napkins and wood booths with hooks for your jackets. The drinks are powerful and large, the service is cheery,  the crabcakes are fantastic.OK What you really want to know is how the bison tastes. If beef is dark brown, then bison is light brown. I had a medium rare Kansas City cut and it was great. Now they describe it as higher in protein and lower in fat and a little bet sweeter, but that's if you're really being a bit on the foo foo side. It's steak and it's wonderful, like it's got a little bit of grilled BBQ flavor already baked in. I'm just feeling really Indian thinking, yeah I could live off this. I'm going to be back. I'm going to have some more bison. It's just that cool.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2007,5/10/2007,14,45,2,3,3>Bonjour, Como se vas?  University City's modern French restaurant La Terrasse has a small "terrace" in the back facing Monrovian that gives them that name.  There are two sides to this establishment, a bar and a restaurant.  I really enjoy this bar but it's a skinny, long bar and a skinny aisle with a place to put your elbow or beer on the wall.  There is a normal selection of beers, nothing too exotic, but the mixed drinks are worth it.  The bartenders are pretty much on top of things, though it can get pretty busy end of the week but not a rowdy type of crowd.  The restaurant itself can be pretty pricey and has a very well put decor and ambiance with a lot of cool little rooms.  I usually go for the steak frites, even though it comes with the skinny fries, I like steak fries.  I've had good luck with the burgers, even at a French establishment.  They have a sunday brunch, which can be pricey, but they have a killer bread pudding!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2007,5/9/2007,10,129,,6,2>This is the cheapest gym around, and the location is fantastic (right off of Rittenhouse Square). It may not have as much equipment or be as up-to-date as one of the big chains, but it gets the job done and it's $35/month - how can you beat that? The folks who work here are great and super friendly. One time, another patron mistakenly took my keys from the basket at the front desk, and they were more than happy to help figure out which member it might be, etc. Also, you can sell your remaining membership if you move or whatever. Also, they have free towel service! Can't speak to the showers, since I lived so close that I never used their locker room.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,10/15/2007,19,57,1,6,4>Alley is the reason I joined Yelp.  After reading both Jen and Nicole's review, I decided to venture over for a go at it.  Everything they said was right on the money and I concur -- five stars.I have a feeling that Alley is like a rotting carcass waiting for Philadelphia's flock of hipsters to descend upon it.  (I know that it might not be the best idea to compare a place I like to a carcass, but it's true.  Anything good and underground will inevitably be devoured by those people.)But anyway, back to Alley.  Yeah, Jeramiah is a really cool guy and he does a hell of a job too.  If you're a 20-something in Philly who is at all counter culture, I'd recommend this to be your place to get your hair cut.  Jeramiah is a professional who has gone to school for cosmetology and, while talking to him, he prided himself on his ability to cut the hair of older, less counter culture people.  Judging by how he did my hair, I'm inclined to believe him.Ps.  My cut cost $20 and he told me that a webpage is soon to come.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,10/14/2007,99,463,9,6,5>I'm going to make John's Roast Pork 7 for 7 by giving it another 5-star review.Obviously, the roast pork sandwiches are amazing. You would sort of expect that. But the cheesesteaks? Oh my freaking God. Without question the best steak sandwich on the planet.Don't believe me? Okay... imagine this... you're hungry. You think to yourself, "self, a cheesesteak sounds great right about now." You go to John's Roast Pork because seven Yelpers basically had an orgasm talking about how good it is. You order the cheesesteak. You wait for the cheesesteak. You bite into the cheesesteak, and... wait a second... what is that flavor? Beef? In a cheesesteak??That's when the heavens open up and show you the light.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,10/12/2007,274,1482,4,7,6>Sometimes you want to go..Where everybody knows your name... and they're always glad you came...You wanna be where you can seethe drama is all the same...You wanna go where everyone knows your name... That is what Bobo's is like. Well, it's the Korean version of Cheers. Managed by a very cute and friendly guy named Ethan, this is the bar that friends hang out at. Inside the decor is wooden tables and floors and very low lighting. The night begins with slow Korean ballads and gets progressively upbeat as the nights goes on. You'll definitely hear the top dance and club hits by the end of the night. A good selection of beers and several bottle packages, this place is a good place to just have an iced brewski or pound shots with your boys (or girls). They serve some dishes from the restaurant next door. Best is fried chicken in sauce or kimchi jjigae. They also have a karaoke machine but no private rooms. Bobo's also has mini tv's for watching sports and one tv always has Tekken for PS2 hooked up so you can battle. Hours - 5pm - 2am (7days)
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,10/11/2007,104,572,,2,1>Definitely a must do when you're in Philadelphia.  I had made reservations ahead of time for the tour of Independence Hall.  Our very knowledgeable park ranger was very informative in giving us a thorough lesson on the history taken place in the building.  After the tour we headed over to Liberty Bell, which is housed in a very modern building which focused on the iconology of the bell.  The visitor's center is helpful for those planning their stay in the city.  It's amazing the amount of history that happened here which created the birth of our country.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2007,10/10/2007,202,329,,3,2>so back in the day, i *loved* la viola.  it's a cheapie italian byob with better than average food (must have the mushroom appetizer, lovely tiramisu), and i still have money left over in my wallet when i come home.but the last two times, i've had the worst service.  if it weren't for the 1/2 bottle of wine i downed, i would have upped and left. first, there was the waiter who got pissed because 1 member of our party was late, and he was annoyed that we were taking up a table for their dinner rush.  and i looked around me, and most of the tables were still empty.then last night, it was uber-busy and crowded, and the hostess never gave me an estimated time, or took down my name.  a family came and left because she made reservations and they were told they still had to wait 30 minutes for their table.but, i'll still be going back.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2007,10/9/2007,7,310,4,5,4>If youre looking for vegetarian food, this place aint for you. That being said, this place has some unique food, atmosphere and awesome milkshakes.-------------------------------------------------FOOD: Its a burger and fries place. The difference between this place and say arbys is the stuff is made fresh right there. They even have a sign up stating where todays potatoes came from. (Delaware) As I said, there is exactly 1 thing on the menu (other than fries which were yummy and sides) that doesnt have meat and its a caesar salad. The best part? The milkshake I got to go. Theyve got TONS of choices as well as TONS of soda flavors to choose from. It was fresh ice cream, and had actual bananas in it. MMM!DECOR: Its a retro 50s diner type place. Kind of goofy, but different enough to be kind of cool.RATING: I give it 3 M's for mmm. They lost a star for having no vegetarian choices other than 1 salad.SERVICE: Good. The friendly waitress came back reguarly and earned her tip.--------------------------------------------------­----------By the way. There is a sign on the door that says, and I quote "credit cards not excepted". Yes thats the way its spelled. There is an ATM inside if you need cash.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,10/8/2007,23,29,1,4,5>It's hard to say anything about Standard Tap that hasn't already been covered here.  So instead of telling you things everyone else can, I'll share a story that only one other person can tell.In early April, my friend from college (woo, Syracuse) came up to visit me from Richmond, VA.  One night, we headed to Standard Tap for a late dinner and delicious beers.  It was a Wednesday, but the bar and dining room were pretty populated.  We settled into two seats at the bar, orders a few beers (I think we were drinking Yards that night), and caught up on the two years that we hadn't seen each other.  After a few drinks and dropping a few dollars into the juke box, we ordered dinner.  I went with one of my two standards, the burger (the other is the portabella sandwich) and she had the pork sandwich, I believe.  Our food was great, like it always is, and we chatted with the bartender the whole time.I had been working all day, and that coupled with the beers was making me a bit of a yawny-face.  The bartender must have noticed, because he then asked us what we needed to wake ourselves up.  Jokingly, I suggested that perhaps we should engage in a game to keep our minds awake, and my friend agreed.  She wanted to play Connect Four.  Laughing at us, the bartender walked away to the end of the bar. We continued to talk about boyfriends and jobs and college, when he came back, and on the bar in front of us he set down CONNECT FOUR.Yes, that's right, Standard Tap has board games, or at least one game.  We played for the next half hour, loving every moment, of course.If that's not one more reason to love Standard Tap, I don't know what is.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2007,10/7/2007,3,79,,3,2>For drinks it is pretty cool. They have some nice beers, but I go for the $2 High-Lifes. The first few times we went we just looked at the menu, which looked really good, and snacked on fries, o-rings, and hush-puppies. I was really excited to come back when I had a bigger appetite.We came back for breakfast and it really let me down. First we sat at the bar and we were all but ignored by the bartender.The food took forever, it was a half hour easy. I had the steak and eggs. Small portion. $12.95. Maybe 6oz. of steak, 2 eggs, six or so pieces of potato, small bit of salad and no toast. What is the point of eating eggs if you don't have toast to eat the yolk?My girl got a breakfast burrito. the eggs were burned. I can't believe she didn't send it back. I would have.At the end the guy apologized for ignoring us but never asked how the food was.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,10/6/2007,28,332,3,2,2>The Italian Cheese steak lives up to the hype.  The broccoli rabe really adds to the sandwich (This is the sandwich that beat Bobby Flay in the 'Throwdown' foodnetwork.com/food/sho).  Very good.  Even the 'indoor' seating isn't really indoors, it is just the patio closed off by a glass system, so it gets a little cold in the winter months, but they have heaters in there to compensate.Restrooms were surprisingly clean, I was expecting worse, but very nice private room in the back.  4.5 Flushes
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,10/5/2007,30,58,1,2,1>My eternal search for great value in great food may have ended with Marrakesh. No, really.When I agreed to go to Marrakesh, I had no idea what I was in for. I'm always up for trying something new, but usually I at least have a point of reference. This time I was saying to myself, "What IS Moroccan food, anyway?"Turns out, Moroccan food is amazing. Every dish of the seven course meal was fantastic. The lemon chicken was amazing, and the lamb was like nothing I have ever tasted before. Eating with only my hands was a little odd at first, but by the end I was having a blast. Marrakesh is great for groups large and small. It has got to be kid-friendly. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/7/2013,36,167,1,9,6>Disclaimer: I have shamefully never been to a regular Federal Donuts location.This being my first time at a FedNuts I was in anticipation overload.  Sort of like Christmas morning when you were a child (or adult, depending).  I decided to go with the quarter order of buttermilk ranch with a donut.  We got a breast, thigh and a drumstick to accompany a honey donut.  Let me just tell you, the chicken is all that and then some.  It was cooked perfectly and received it piping hot out of the fryer.  The buttermilk was a good choice (can also order naked or some chili glaze sauce).  The chicken was juicy and crispy.  The donut was alright to me, but my girlfriend raved about it.Overall it was a great choice.  For $9 bucks or so, you can't really go wrong.  It's an excellent addition to the ballpark that isn't something between bread.  I can't wait to go to a stand alone location and sample their full menu.Tip: Get there before the game starts.  We arrived about an hour before the game started and had no wait.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2013,8/6/2013,4498,831,5,8,4>I stopped in for a late lunch this week as I wanted to try the roast beef sandwich.  This place really puts the dive in dive bar.  I sat at said bar and ordered said sandwich with provolone.  I sipped a cold domestic draft while I waited.I need to say again that this is a beat up old dive bar.  It's cluttered, it's not the cleanest, and the bartender tolerated me but I sure as hell didn't get a warm welcome!My sandwich was up quickly and it was very, very good.  The meet was flavorful and plentiful.  The gravy was excellent and not too salty which really turns me off. It's messy and you'll need a napkin or two or five.I'd stop back in a heartbeat if all I wanted to do was grab a sandwich, quaff a brew and go. I'm certainly not showing up for scintillating conversation and amazing décor!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/5/2013,47,40,,10,6>Oh Maggie! If there is 2 things that I am a total sucker for is good cake and good pie. Especially apple pie a la mode! I will trudge high and low in search of the ultimate apple pie a la mode. But just pie in general! Like who doesn't love it? Its the classic all Americana dessert and Magpie has got it going on! First, my husband read an article in the paper about this famous Apple pie milkshake where they take and actual piece of pie and blend it into a milkshake. He was intrigued so that's what made us walk on over and try it out for ourselves. I personally like my pie and ice cream separate so I ordered the apple caramel pie a la mode. It was perfection. The only thing I wish it had was more crust. I am all about the crust when it comes to pie. I like it thick, buttery and flaky. The crust was buttery and flaky but not as thick as I would like but still amazing. The apples where a perfect combo of sweet and tart! Husband ordered the Apple pie milkshake and he devoured it. I had a sip and although it was too rich and over the top for me it was still quite tasty and the sip satisfied my curiosity. Our waitress was amazing! Super sweet and made you feel at home and not awkward. We sat at the bar and although the establishment was modern, it felt really homey. I cannot wait to go back and try more pie! I have my eye on the banana cream. All in all I am so happy that we found this spot. They are open until 11pm and our sweet tooth usually kicks in late in the evening so I have a feeling we will be seeing more of Ms. Magpie!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,8/4/2013,11,424,,7,4>Loved this place.  When I entered I was kind of scared as the bar area was, let's call it energetic.  Fortunately we were seated upstairs in a tight but comfortable spot.  The two tops are set along the wall like most city establishments and makes for the always-awkward skimmy into the seat.I'm from the south and love my pimento cheese and I have to say, the pimento cheese here definitely meets the mark. I don't put cream cheese in mine, but I will have to say it was a welcome addition with a nice kick of heat also.  Served with toast, pickled green tomatoes and benton's ham this appetizer is to die for.  Seriously, if they ever take it off the menu - i'm done.  Excellent start along with the fried clams.The entrees were a large portion which was nice.  I had the pork with cheddar grits and green.  Amazing and a large portion for $18.  Going back my wife and I would probably opt for some raw bar snack, 1-2 appetizers and one entree instead of two.  Not that they were bad, quite the opposite, but I'm up for sampling more since the portions were sizable.  The beer selection was pretty good as well along with great cocktails and wine.  I think I've found a new neighborhood favorite.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,8/3/2013,203,559,,8,7>We were counting down the days until Serpico opened and I was thrilled to snag a reservation before it got crazy busy and impossible to get into. We were seated promptly at the chef's counter, which was exciting. I love how big the chef's counter is - it was incredible to watch Serpico and the other chefs work. They all remained calm throughout dinner service, which was super impressive on their second weekend and with a full house. Serpico himself served some of our dishes, which was very cool.We started with cocktails - the cocktail list is fairly short (only 4 or 5 cocktails) and I really wasn't happy with the one I ordered. Our server must have sensed that because when I mentioned it was very strong (basically just pure gin and vodka) he immediately offered to get me a new cocktail. He even had the bartender come over to make recommendations for a new drink, which I thought was very nice. I still didn't love my second drink, but it was way better than the first and I appreciated the fantastic service.We weren't starving so we ordered on the "light" side (5 dishes). We enjoyed the raw fluke, ceviche, dashi soup, corn ravioli, and fried duck leg sandwich. I think our favorite was the fried duck leg - truly phenomenal. All of the food was very good, seasoned well with complex flavors. I think our least favorite was the ceviche - on the menu it seemed more exciting than the fluke, but the fluke flavors were much more complex (ceviche was good but a bit boring). Some items were a bit heavy on the salt, but still delicious. The goat cheese sorbet was the perfect end to our meal - perfectly refreshing and just the right amount of sweetness with the rhubarb compote, nuts, and crushed shortbread cookie.While the menu prices don't appear particularly high, keep in mind that the dishes are very small. We ordered 5 dishes plus dessert and while it was enough food for that particular evening, we likely would have left hungry had we gone into the restaurant starving. This is not the place to take a big eater who doesn't want to drop $150+ for 2 on food alone in order to be satisfied. I wouldn't say it's the best meal I've ever had, but was very good. I can't give 5 stars simply because I wasn't particularly thrilled with the cocktails, and the portions were extremely small for the price. But, we had excellent food and service with 0 kinks, only the second weekend after opening. Quite impressive.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/2/2013,293,115,13,23,14>Take off your rings and bracelets, put on your bib, and prepare to get crabby messy!  Nothing beats stuffing your face with delicious seafood.It's just so good. Unfortunately, everyone is starting to know it. This is apparent with entire generations of family lining outside this small establishment in Northeast Philadelphia. So you're going to have to wait...But it's worth it. And the great thing about a place that is always packed is that you know these little suckers aren't sitting in a walk-in for days. They are harvested fresh to eat, thrown in a plastic bag, and brought directly to you with the freshest, plumpest, most delicious crabs and crawfish you've ever had. We shared between the two of us 1 lb of snow crabs ($17), 1 lb of crawfish ($10), 4 raw oysters ($6), and one bowl of pho ($7). We really enjoyed the big mess we made and we got out of  there for around $40.00 bucks. Not too shabby, Crabby Cafe.Service was on par. We were consistently asked how we were doing. Our waters were filled accordingly. I do wish they freely supply wet naps at the tables. Other than that, no complaints. Love it. Other things you should know:1. They make a delicious bowl of Pho (Best in NE Philly).2. A lb of crawfish actually is a lot!3. RAW OYSTERS! Yes I love raw oysters served on ice just add some melted butter or hot sauce or lemon and your good to go! 4. Bring change because there are parking meters outside.5. Wearing white pants while eating here is not a good idea (trust me).6. Closed on TUESDAYS7. You'll come back.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/1/2013,110,202,,13,7>Amazing. Nothing else like it in Philly.If not for word of mouth, I would not have known this place existed. The store is set up in a HUGE warehouse in the middle of a large business complex.  This place is just a wonderland of stuff from all over the world, mainly Asia, Africa & the Middle East. The 100,000 sq foot warehouse is filled floor to ceiling with anything you can imagine.  Need a one of a kind 19th century Indian cabinet? This is your place.  Need a gigantic light fixture for the ballroom of your mansion? They got it.  Looking for the perfect quirky piece for your hipster apartment? Perhaps an African fertility goddess statue? A hammered copper coffee table? Some Indonesian columns? A beautiful vintage Turkish rug? It's all here. Colors by Padmini is a nice addition to the store, with it's colorful curtains & pillows and heavenly smelling incense. They now have auctions upstairs at Material Culture (and online) which occur pretty frequently.  From artwork to artifacts, you can get GREAT deals at auction. If you like beautiful and unique home decor, it's worth the drive out to Material Culture.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/31/2013,240,202,11,13,11>Review from the 23, 24, 25-30 year olds: AWESOME!I'll admit, I had my doubts when my buddies proposed a fun night out in Oaks. Trampolines? Pizza? Pop? What are we, nine?No, we're 20-somethings. And we haven't had this much fun in MONTHS! I wouldn't recommend driving there after work on a weekday from Philly, and it was a bit confusing to figure out which building was the right one, but there was plenty of parking and we managed to get our cars parked in no time. Once inside, our eyes lit up as if the past 15-20 years never occurred. We were transformed from young professionals to tweens, running from the dodgeball area to the foam square pit to the basketball nets and back again. WHAT WOULD WE DO FIRST?!Some went the aggressive route, chucking balls at one another. Others went for the flashiest direction possible, doing round-the-back dunks and alley-oops with one another at the hoops. My personal favorite area was the ENORMOUS field of just trampolines, far as the eye could see. Though there were about 15 of us, we all managed to fit onto our own trampoline and showed off with flips and tricks. The "workout" factor is NOT to be taken lightly, and though I'd already hit the gym earlier, I was DRENCHED in sweat by the time our hour session was up. They keep this place spotless, and we talked to a few employees who mentioned how frequently they clean to assure a quality experience for all guests (from little kids to parents to US!) We also got some pizza and pop, and though I'm not all about sweet beverages, the watermelon cream soda was a HUGE hit. I also found out their soda is organic.... if you're into that kinda thing.The pizza was nothing to write home about, though certainly necessary after hopping and bopping for an hour before.  We bought a party pack and I'd do so again in a heartbeat. Seriously, I can't remember the last time this kind of wild and crazy fun didn't stem from alcohol and/or live music. And I'd FULLY recommend NOT involving any alcohol. Because, honestly, no one wants to clean up after a slightly-sick, certainly-not-sober jumper's gastrointestinal pyrotechnics.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/30/2013,238,323,3,7,5>I've become somewhat of a Lithe regular, and I'm a fan. It's an all-ladies workout environment, and I'll be damned if I'm not kind of in love with "Cardio Cheer Sculpting." Go Fight Win!The true dish is yeah, it's like if you put pilates, barre, and jumping around in a blender, you *might* get Lithe. The classes are only an hour, and you feel the burn for sure (give them a chance after Lithe 101!). I love that it has some grounding in pilates, and a focus on core, because that's a part I get lazy on when I'm doing my own work at the gym. Lithe works for a lovely once-a-week supplement (if it were down the street instead of a bike ride away, I might be one of the once-a-day gals). Yes, the price tag is significant, but you get what you pay for, honestly. Favorite classes -- Fat-Free involves a rebounder (bouncy!) and Tight End has  a killer band/high step prop combo. Even if you find one class you love -- remember that change breeds change! Keep it spicy. My only big downer is I hate fitness dialogue about 'being skinny' or losing weight (see above class titles). Can't we all just be fit and awesome at any size? Other than that, it's a great workout, and I love their studios.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,7/29/2013,98,388,2,9,4>Ok, Philly might be saturated with cupcakeries, it is true.  HOWever, a few points on this.  1) Of all the food crazes, cupcakes are fun and tasty, so really what is the harm of having a lot of proprietors of cupcakes in town?2) Among the cupcake options, Philly Cupcake is particularly satisfying in taste and selection.  We went with a mix of chocolate oreo, coconut, and red velvet for visit number one.  For people with special cupcake interests, they had several vegan options.  They also had at least one that was marked gluten free.  They even sell cupcakes for your dog.  And if you really are over cupcakes, they have brownies, cookies, chocolate covered marshmallows, chocolate covered oreos on a stick, etc.And last but not least, it's cute inside, with a few seats so you can enjoy the cupcake immediately if you'd like.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/26/2009,12,32,4,6,5>Like Erin G., I had been awaiting the opening of this place for some time, walking past on my way home from work to check out the progress toward the end of december, hoping that one day I would be able to walk 10 minutes and saddle up to a heavenly beer bar.My friend Pearce and I went in on Jan. 1st to taste the beer and sample some food and we were not disappointed.  Russian River Blind Pig, my favorite IPA at the moment was on tap as well as 19 other intriguing brews.  We tried samples of the veggie burger, outfitted with two patties in a very smart move, the corn dog bites which were yummy and some tasty fries.  Yesterday I stopped in for an after work drink with my friends Duwayne and Julia and we had Hop Wallop on cask (yeehoo!) and I had an Elysian IPA that was so-so.  We tried the tofu tacos which were good except the tofu was a little plain.  I told Brendan when he asked me if there was anything I would change about them that I would marinate them (Duwayne had actually suggested it) and Brendan thanked me and said I was the second person who told him that.All signs point to success, I would say.  One thing I would like to see is some sort of happy hour, $1 off or maybe a redhead happy hour like they have at Memphis.  Go readheads!  I will certainly be back in to sample more of the menu and help empty more kegs.  Hooray!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,1/24/2009,47,222,4,9,8>Wow, how have I not reviewed this place yet?Its a good ol' LBS (Local Bike Shop)Nice staff, pretty helpful and they have a ton of cycling gear and accessories. The prices are fair and sometimes better then you'll find online (although not always). The owner seems to make it a point to say whats up to everyone who walks through the door whether you're on a custom steel indy fab or a old english 3 speed cruiser. There are some flecks of high-end goodies in the shop but it isn't a state of the art cycling center either. I think that is a good thing as those other shops with all the high end goodies can be pretty intimidating to your average cyclist or bicycle commuter. I often stop in on my way home from a long ride just to take a look at some of the custom steel rigs. They also have just about any tube size ever and they have a full wall of any tool you DIY'ers might need in a pinch.Kudo's to this shop. It seems they've found there niche and are still pretty inclusive to anyone who may fall outside of it.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,1/23/2009,63,22,5,6,7>deep fried candy bars and fried alligator, two little known secrets of philly!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,1/22/2009,31,77,5,14,5>what's a persian girl to do now that she moved out of her mom's and still hasn't mastered the art of basmati rice? go to shundeez! this place is charming and the food is delicious. most of my friends are like, "ok, what's persian food? is it crazy spicy??" fear not. even if you're not an adventurous eater, there is something on the menu for you.feeling daring? try the maust o khair pronounced "MUST ah KHEE are" (a cool yogurt and cucumber salad), seir torsi "SEER TOR shee" (pickled garlic and vegetables) to start, and fesenjon "FEH zen june" (chicken w/ nuts & pomegranate sauce over rice) or addas polo "AAH dass poh-low" (cornish hen w/ rice and lentils, onions, & spices) for your entree.want to play it safe? try the shirazi salad "SAH-lahd" (cucumbers, tomatoes, onions in a vinegary dressing) and one of the kebobs with rice (they have filet mignon, chicken, ground sirloin, or lamb, all marinated to delicious perfection)they also have plenty of vegetarian and vegan options.either way, don't forget to have some hot persian tea which is not always saved for after the meal.ooh and an insider's tip: ask for tah dig "TAAH dic" which is the crispy rice from the bottom of the pot. trust me, you've never tasted anything so delicious.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,1/21/2009,17,81,4,5,5>awesome chocolate covered banannas!  and cheap. Not that its all about price.  They also make a wicked Blizzardo.  I laugh at the empty cow costume that looms in the corner as if a threat to the bad employees ("if you are bad its into the costume and out on Ridge for you!").The menu is a sight to behold too, its like they listed everything in the world that you could possibly do with/to ice cream.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,1/20/2009,58,190,3,7,6>for a place that is only one week old i was very impressed with distrito! it very much showed they were a new place, but thankfully not in the areas where it mattered. service was genuine and friendly (which is obviously what they were aiming for). decor is wild and pink! there's bar space aplenty which i loved. food was really, really good. i let the bar staff take care of me with their own recommendations to make a tasting menu. i had:- a margarita- a carefully concocted cocktail called a hemingway, a mix of grapefruit juice, maraschino cherry and chile-infused tequila (and possibly a few other things). it works.- a very simple tomato salad - big thick juicy tomato slices with sliced avocado atop, and a lemon olive oil dressing with tons of herbs. so simple, so good. long live tomatoes.- a spicy shrimp ceviche with plantains- quesadillas, which were yummy little moons of summer squash perfectly fried and salty with some black bean and avocado puree on the side. mmm so good! they looked like funky little samosas. actually, thinking back on it, the perfect little eye trick (because they look indian) would be to add a red tomato salsa to the black bean and avocado purees, which could have passed for tamarind and mint chutneys, respectively. the tomato one might fool the eye to be an onion chutney. just a thought. :) anyway, as i voiced to anyone who would listen, quesadillas are practically a derogatory term to call these little mexican samosas. when you think quesadilla, you think (or at least i think) floppy stale triangles filled with subpar melty cheese. probably the best thing i had.- fish tacos with ?radish? garnish. these were tasty, however unmemorable compared to the rest. honestly, they weren't fishy enough. probably because they were fried. i'd switch out the fish for one that doesn't need deep frying, blacken it instead, and then it would be gorgeous and fishy.the only reasons i mentioned previously they seem like a new resto are small overlookable things. a few glasses broken, a few over-anxious (to describe the dishes) runners who sometimes got ahead of themselves and had to think back on their ingredients list. none of that is stuff i mind. for a place that's only been open a few days i was impressed.all in all very happy with my last-minute distrito decision (a friend had texted me about his experience there which i read while i was on train just outside 30th st station, and made a last minute call and exited the train for an early dinner!). oh, and i should mention there is a cute (but not open yet) private karaoke room (very cute). oh, and the bathroom doors are very confusing and hard to lock after 2 strong drinks. that's not like me!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,1/19/2009,24,31,3,4,5>OMG... this place has incredible food & service.The bread was served with a combo of chimichurri, parsley & olive oil. SOOOO yummy & unique. Most places just give you butter or olive oil.We started with a Bibb Lettuce salad. We were just going to split one ourselves, but they lovingly split it for us. It didn't look like much but looks were TOTALLY deceiving. It was flavorful and filling.My entrée was the Escarole with truffle spaetzle, melted leeks & parmesan broth. AMAZING!!! Once I started eating, I didn't want to stop. It was originally prepared with Skate but we were wondering what Escaole was and chef allowed me to have it with the Skate prep. (YAY!)I can't wait to go back again! This place puts Cochon to shame.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,1/18/2009,39,11,,7,6>This place is right by my house, and thank god for that. I've been here twice now, once for lunch and once for breakfast. The thing that I appreciate about everything that I've eaten (and drank) here is the attention to detail and quality. They have updated versions of lots of breakfast classics, for instance, I like their take on eggs benedict. Last time I had the cannoli french toast. I only finished half of it, but it was definitely a delicacy. They give you large portions, so don't worry about leaving hungry. Basically, they offer the full package: great brunch, good coffee/tea, pleasant, laid back atmosphere. The wait staff is friendly too, even though they get accused of being too hipster.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,1/17/2009,33,24,5,8,8>Once again, AMAZING. If you haven't been here yet and you like massages, I suggest you go to the best. As I said in my last review of this place, I am not gay but I could've kissed my masseuse.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,1/15/2009,190,178,3,12,8>Such cheap grocery!! Screw Superfresh ... this is so the place to go. Where else can you buy 4 lbs zucchini for $2.00... or 7 tangerines for a buck... or 2 bundles of asparagus for buck! Okay, I'll stop listing my great deals :P But really, this is such a great way for anyone on a budget to get good and cheap produce. They have everything you may need including bell peppers, apples, zucchini, peaches, grapes, broccoli, carrots etc! Besides the farmer's market, there are also a lot of great stores surrounding these few blocks. I like Darigo's Fish market as well as the various meat stores they have. It is also fun to check out all the yummy cheeses at Di Bruno's! Another one of my favorite stores is the Spice Corner where you can get just about any herb/spice you will ever need!This is also a great spot to go for fresh pastas and to cook a great dinner. It might also be fun to take visitors here as well.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,11/21/2012,131,201,4,11,7>I'm a sucker for affordable fashion and I'm not talking H & M. I'm talking unique dresses that you can wear without worrying about running into your twin. I'm talking trendy at Bloomingdales sale rack prices. I love 3 Sirens for so many reasons. I instantly feel lighter on my toes when I walk in the store. It's such a refreshing change from the chain stores on Walnut & Chestnut and the ridiculous suburban malls that I haven't visited in years. From belts to dresses, shoes to jewelry I've coveted many of their storefront items and wandered in to make an impulse purchase that I've never regretted.The staff is pretty friendly and honestly want to help you be happy with your purchase which I appreciate. 3 Sirens often hosts fun events so check out their website too. Shopping + free wine = one happy lady.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/20/2012,19,92,,8,5>On our brisk ascent up the stairs of Vetri's tiny row home, I caught a glance of the potted plants, neatly kept shutters, and modestly proportioned sign.  A quiet confidence that does very little to give away the quality of food within.A small dining room with an even smaller capacity for parties of 6, it took a while to coordinate our visit.  Decor is well coordinated and actually quite demure given the price tag.  A relaxing, welcoming atmosphere that helps detach you from the center city bustle.  Service is excellent, no surprise there.  Some things I remember from the meal.  A platter of bite sized cured meats, foie gras, and salad was first.  Served family style, it was a good way to try a lot of small items and get things started.Little monkfish, fried whole, arrived in the table center.  No need to coax us in with the deftly intact lore hovering over its grouchy under bite, the presentation was all the enticing we needed.  Delicious, creative, and a perfect fish to serve whole since the edible area is free of bones. Asparagus flan tagged along with the monkfish, and really got overshadowed in spite of being smooth and flavorful.Sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue was delicious and among the consensus favorites.  Lamb Chorizo with fava and mint.  Subtle kick, excellent when there was a mint-heavy bite.Spinach gnocchi with brown butter was a table favorite with its deep green color.Almond Tortellini with truffle sauce.  Like an almond cookie in delicate pasta, it was interesting despite being a little less complex than some other courses.Braised veal breat with endive salad was good on its own, but the Barolo pairing really helped take it to the next level.  Speaking of wine, we opted for the grand pairing and for the most part it was outstanding.  An nice mix of wines focusing mainly on Italy and its immediate neighbors, they were an excellent complement to the food.  Passito with dessert was exactly what I was hoping for.Vetri really stuck to a strong Italian inspiration in their dishes, which may seem kind of obvious, but at the same time the drive for creativity and presentation at this level of restaurant can at times strip out all traditional cultural references from the food.  I liked that they retained some of that feeling, even though it sometimes left the dishes suffering from a shallower flavor.Pacing was perfect, translating to just over 3 hours.Some dishes weren't as big of a hit, but that happens even at the best places.  It can be hard to tell where a great restaurant leaves off and great company kicks in sometimes.  I'll say that we undoubtedly had a fantastic time, and I feel confident saying Vetri is among the best dining experiences in the Philadelphia region.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,11/19/2012,152,457,4,7,5>Impressed.First off, the decor: huge, beautiful chandelier that lights up a flight of stairs to a spacious second floor. The first floor has the sushi bar and more casual seating.Second, the food: - Tuna Tar Tar: very good. They seem to mince the tuna, but there's a fairly large spread on fried dumpling shells. This blows Makiman's tuna quesadilla out of the water, easily. You get 6 HUGE pieces.- Agedashi Tofu: satisfactory. Tofu was light a bit bland, and the fried coat seemed to not mesh well with it. The sauce was also bland and unremarkable. Skip.- Volcano Roll: PACKED with flavor. After a few, it was a little overwhelming, but very tasty.- Spider Roll: tasty, but nothing to write home about.- Lobster Roll: see above.  Looking at the menu, it might seem a bit pricey, but the portions are large for a sushi restaurant. The appetizers themselves can be mini-entrees, and the rolls are packed with fish and rice.There are a lot of creative roll options, non-sushi Japanese food, Korean food and sake mixes. Can't say anything was extraordinary, but the food was tasty and better-than-your-average sushi place.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/18/2012,293,115,3,15,5>My favorite brunch place in Philly. Hands down the best. No other cutesy diners,  hipster cafes, or fancy brunch destinations can compare to Honey's deliciousness. Been going here for years and every time I am deciding where to eat brunch on a Sunday's morning, Honey's is always in the discussion. Of course whether they're open, if I am carrying cash, and how crowded (LONG LINES ON SUNDAYS) all contribute to my decision.Please go here if you're a brunch foodie. Oh yeah, my new obsession here is the Honey Cristo! It's french toast stuffed with ham and cheese with two sunny side eggs on top.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/16/2012,1135,197,18,13,14>The Crystal Tree is exactly what we need more of in "DA' BURBS" of Philadelphia!I'm usually a loyal customer of NEW AGE stores in the "BIG CITY" and it is refreshing to have a store like this in my little small town neighborhood. Are you looking for....Crystals or Healing Stones... BAM (they got it)Handmade Jewelry, Bohemian Clothing or Original Artwork... BAM (they got it)Incense Oils & Sticks, Candles, Meditation Aids, Magickal Supplies... BAM (they got it)They have so much more, including books, events, workshops, readings & Reiki healing.I'm what you call a "sensitive" person in the spiritual world or "CRAZY LADY" if you speak Republican. (wink wink)  I feel at home and at peace when I enter The Crystal Tree. The vibe in this store is extremely welcoming and positive. If you want me to be BROOKLYN STYLE HONEST... Most New Age Stores (like a popular one I refuse to name in Philadelphia) give me the MAD CREEPY CREEPS.The Crystal Tree is full of love & light, the store owner Michelle is also very helpful. Step out of your comfort zone and check it out for yourself. You don't have to be a CITY FOLK to think out of the box. We are all one.... WORD TO YO MOTHA'. ;-)
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/15/2012,400,308,5,16,10>With their four year anniversary right around the corner, Bistrot La Minette, definitely has something to celebrate:  that besides Bibou, this is the only destination in Philadelphia for an authentic cuisine française experience, with a menu that is supremely delicieux.J'adore the interior, always have, along with the songbook to boot (I mean, I might be in the minority here, considering my heritage, but I can't get enough of Joe Dassin, Jacques Brel, and yes, the Amelie soundtrack - it never gets old). From the elegant restrooms, traditional decor, marble-topped bar and the high vaulted ceilings, even the gorgeous Laguiole knives, it's the attention to detail that puts me over the moon.  Service is always pleasant, accurate, present and knowledgeable (even though their pronunciation isn't on point, and their insistence of saying pree fee for 'prix fixe' when it's actually pree feexe - but bah! small potatoes).  Along with Talula's Garden, this place is perfect for a nice dinner out with the folks or for a date destination set for romance.Summer brings about a menu that is all-Provençal and that embraces those vegetables of summer, tomatoes, eggplant and zucchini:  an end result that was wonderfully executed in a delicious ratatouille.  A zippy tapenade amuse bouche starts off any meal right -- and of course,  I  still love their amazing crunchy, buttery baguette bread (can I buy to take home?) and their escargots (this time finished with anchovy, bone marrow and garlic) - which is always utter perfection.  Their wine selections also reflected the Provence focus, with some great Rosés and a Languenoc red (Domaine Magellan) that will blow your socks off (not available at state stores, we were told, but Moore Brothers carries it).  Chef Woolsey and his team do not dissappoint.   Meat is always cooked on point (duck, lamb, beef, even frogs' legs, although the large ones aren't always as tender as the smaller ones), every item is flavored perfectly, delicately and meal progression is so well-timed, no rush, no fuss -- and you know what?  Desserts are bangin', too.All in all, why go to Parc or Le Bec Fin, when Bistrot La Minette and Bibou do it so much better and so effortlessly?  In my book, it's no contest, no question.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2012,11/14/2012,393,710,10,10,9>9 Yelpers walk into a buffet...On a Sunday evening around 730 pm, we descended upon Ruby, the place that I have always passed going to work and always wondered about.  It was packed.  Hordes of people everywhere getting their fill of all-you-can-eat-such-and-such.  We of course took the mafia booth in the corner.To give a buffet 3 stars in my book is a high rating.  The selection was quite impressive and the lot of us descended on this food like travelers who had not eaten in days.  Gluttony is alive and well and we indulged.The oddball find of the night for me was the glutinous rice ball (real description) with red bean paste.  It looked like an asian tamale and it was pretty tasty.  The skewers of chicken I had were also good along with the singapore noodles.  I also had my first chinese donut which I thoroughly enjoyed.I rounded my experience out with a simple cone of soft serve, swirl of course.  Some things you just can't mess with.While standing in line at Ruby, I turned to another Yelper and said, "this right here is what is wrong with our food system."  I then realized that I was directly contributing to the behavior.  I understand it's not good for you, it's not healthy, it's not local but sometimes, we humans just need to go a little crazy to stay sane.  Ruby, in my mind, exists for those times.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/13/2012,161,818,4,8,4>South Philly's demographic recreation in Delaware County.  Speech, crowd, music, ambiance, you could be in a blue-collar Bella Vista joint with a cold frosty on one hand and shoving a huge roast beef sandwich in your mouth with the other.  Entering this place is an interesting exercise in societal anthropology.  An enclosed porch-like area serves as a sit-down restaurant area, where old Bruce Springsteen tunes can be heard, interspersed with Brooks and Dunn, Alabama and trucker rock.  The aroma of freshly cooked roast beef steeps the air and serves as an appetizer as the guests engage in enthusiastic and gesticulation-filled conversation about the Phillies or (heaven forbid) Yankees.  Then you enter a bar area where even more vivid conversation tends to drown out the music, as two-somes in everything from overalls, Union Local T-Shirts, and shorts and tattoo-bearing T-shirts seem to be vigorously and loudly arguing while chomping down on huge sandwiches and beer, but instead are having their versions of normal conversations while having a quiet dinner.   Off to the side, there is a take-out area.  Wow...  I'm beginning to like this place...Then you get the food.  Oh... the roast beef...  Yummmm.....  Ooooohhhhh....  Ahhhh.....  Simply stated, the best Roast Beef Sandwiches on earth.  I don't know what they put on them but damn they're GOOD!  Dripping with their juice.  Fabulous French Fries.  Their horseradish should be packaged and sold to the public because it is also superb.  Yum.  One thing about their sandwiches, you have to eat them soon because with all the juices, the Kaiser rolls can get a bit sloppy.  And yes, they're big.  One sandwich plus fries is dinner.  The waitresses are uber friendly and no-nonsense type.Getting here is a cinch.  Steps away from the 101 trolley between Media and Philly. No free WiFi, which means you don't have to fear this place becoming a yuppie hangout....
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,11/12/2012,90,173,3,6,3>I've been on a veggie kick lately...no clue why but I'm going with it. That being said, I ordered the veggie board here and it was INCREDIBLE. Carrots, squash, potatoes, peppers, and asparagus all roasted and lovingly sprinkled with olive oil and sea salt. It sounds simple, because it is, but what more do you need? It's flavorful and healthy. Pair it with a glass of red wine (3 is still considered healthy, right?) and you've got yourself a great dinner- one that I could eat every night. I love it so much that I'm getting one to-go for a light dinner with friends at my apartment tonight. :)
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,11/11/2012,194,389,4,10,8>I went bike shopping with the bf on Saturday. Via Bicycle was our first destination. The store is packed with used bikes and parts. We know next to nothing about bicycles and just wanted a couple cheap bikes that won't break in a couple weeks that we can get get around in the city with when we don't feel like driving. We really needed the assistance of the staff. Out of every place we went to, the staff here were by far the friendliest. Jacob was a big help. He let us both try out a few bikes and made excellent recommendations. Prices were better than other places we stopped at. The place itself looks more like a mechanic's shop which makes sense since they also do maintenance on bikes. There is no fancy salesfloor and it has a very vintage feel which I think adds to its appeal. After stopping at two other places, the bf came back and purchased a bike for $275. Bike looks to be in very good condition and they put a really nice seat on it. We were told it would probably be ready in a couple of days but they ended up having it available about 2 hours later. I didn't buy one yet because I am super indecisive but plan on going back a 2nd time.Ask for Jacob. He is super nice and knowledgeable but not pushy.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,10/6/2009,73,79,4,5,4>if you can afford it (a plate + side + coffee runs about $20) this place is totally worth it. make a reservation. the menu varies according to season and availability at the local market. usually an omlette, pancake, waffle and some other random option. the country sausage is AWESOME! wait staff is super nice.and, carmen is hottie.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,10/5/2009,202,329,5,7,7>so i've been trying to come here for like, ever.  i am sincerely in love with cafe lift down the street, and so since i heard of the opening of this place, i put it on my list of places to try.so on a random wednesday night, i finally get to go.  and uh, yeah, the wait was totally worth it.  i love the decoration, the lights on the wall.  the bar is tres tres cool, and the place just feels warm.  and despite the fact that people say it's getting crowded, on this night, it was empty... a perfect place just to get away and be alone.the server girl was quite swell--i want to be her when i grow up.in any case, just go go go for the beer selection and fried green beans.  and perhaps you'll find me there.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,10/4/2009,26,98,1,9,7>AMAZING!!! That's pretty much all I have to say about Greensgrow Farm.  Greensgrow is an oasis of growing plants, eco-friendly foods, and laid-back smiles in the middle of Philadelphia.  Located on a lot in Kensington, Greensgrow farm may at first seem a little out of place.  But after a little wander through the greenhouses and buildings, you'll see just how well it really does fit in.This is my first season with Greensgrow, and I dove in big time.  I still haven't come up for air, but I'm not complaining!  I joined their CSA with a half share.  It comes with anywhere from 5-7 veggies or fruits plus a locally made cheese, a meat product (unless you're a vegetarian) and a dairy option.  With a half share, I collect every other week in a process that goes surprisingly smoothly.  In addition to all the fabulous foods, every week I get an e-newsletter with recipes (to tell me how to cook all my new veggies) and farm information (so I know where to get more).  Pick up is on the farm on either Thursday or Saturday, which is a great reason to visit Greensgrow for all the other wonderful things it offers.On Thursdays and Sundays in the summer, they host a little farmers market with local produce.  They also regularly have locally produced cheese, meats and dairy products.   But that's not it!  Greensgrow also has tons of plants for your garden or yard available all season.  The plants are all healthy and sturdy AND they have all sorts of different varieties available.  Not to mention, the staff at Greensgrow does an amazing job of answering any of your urban gardening questions.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,10/3/2009,400,308,5,9,6>One of the city's jewels.  A must for locals and tourists alike.  It perches above the Schuykill River and presides majestically at the end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway as it looks towards City Hall and Love Park.The building is classically gorgeous from the inside out.  With the addition of the art deco Perelman building nearby, the museum has doubled their wares on display (including their amazing costumes and textiles collections - go see the current  "Shopping in Paris: French Fashion 1850-1925" - for a fashion and francophile junkie like myself, it's decadently fun).I find this museum to be in the same ranks of other American museums like the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Art Institute of Chicago.  The Philadelphia Art Museum has an awesome trove of American and European Art (1500 -1900) including some great pieces from the movements of Impressionism, Realism, Post-Impressionism, and Art Nouveau.  They also have a great wing of Modern and Contemporary Art.   The second floor houses authentic period rooms and architectural assemblages (like the Japanese tea room, etc) along with extensive Armor and weaponry items. Their special exhibits are always fantastic and well-curated (Dali, Frida Kahlo, Andrew Wyeth, Monet's Landscapes, Cézanne and Beyond).  Make sure you always pick the last timed entry (3:30 pm) early in the week (Tuesdays and Wednesdays are best)  to be able to explore the collections at your leisure.  Make sure to also take advantage of the audio tour (there is also an audio tour for kids so they can participate) - that is narrated by curators and experts alike to give you a better understanding and appreciation of the exhibit.Every Friday, the museum holds Art after 5 events (starts 5:30 goes until 9:30), where they set up the Great Hall with bar cabaret tables, small eats, martini bars and host musical talent (folk, classical, world music).  Drinks aren't too pricey at $5 beers and $8 cocktails. During the summer you can drink outside on the East entrance terrace and gaze at the city skyline.I'd totally recommend picking up a membership too. Individual is $65, $90 for dual.  Allows free entry for a year (including the Perelman), free tickets to special exhibitions (two a year, so if you want to go to those, you more than recoup your expenses ), 10% off museum store purchases and free entry to Art after 5 events.I've been a member for a few years now and the perks rock. (and no, I'm in no way affiliated with or work for PMA)
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,10/1/2009,147,184,9,12,10>It was hot, they had ice cream. What's not to like? Lots of great flavors (except coffee, which is my go to and they were out), multitudes of goodies to top your creamy delight, sodas, egg creams, the works. It's all there plus great old candies, gums, and sodas you thought weren't being made anymore. When you go expect to wait. They handle customers as efficiently as possible, but the volume of people trekking there on a weekend day is impressive. Lots of outdoor seating (we sat in the car with the blessed A/C), but you may have to bus a table. Looking for something a little different? Head down there for a late breakfast (open at 11am on Sundays). For $10 they make the mother of all ice cream sandwiches, where they will put your favorite ice cream between two homemade waffles... what?
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,9/30/2009,162,175,7,7,7>I really didn't know what to expect from this place because I've been hearing so much about it, but I really liked it. I did expect it to be bigger, considering it's near Johnny Brenda's and both are venues, but it's sort of cozy, comparatively.I really dig the whole pseudo-Asian crossed with some villain's underground lair crossed with dive bar thing. I really like the font they use for the signage. Dabbling in the graphic arts and merchandising, I notice these things. As for the venue part, awesome. I love it. We went to see A.A. Bondy last night and I felt like he was hanging out in my really cool living room, playing me a show (save for the obnoxious guy in the front).Also, seasonal beers! And good pitcher prices. And potato chips?!(I'm also scared to say anything bad in case David F. takes a hit out on me:-))
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2009,9/29/2009,79,118,8,6,6>So I'm no thai connoisseur, but I do enjoy the occasional pad thai every once in a while. With that being said, this was an "A-OK" experience, which is why it only gets 3 stars. What I would like to announce to the world (and perhaps singha management) is ... THE MINTS HERE SUCK.  While that may be a small detail, it's the only detail about this establishment that I feel needs special mentioning.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,9/28/2009,42,105,6,7,8>AWESOME.Happy to have found another great brunch spot in Philly.  Being less known than Honey's or Sabrina's it's kind of nice to come a little later here and not experience an hour and half wait for brunch.  Also very accommodating to large parties! It's located at the bottom of an expensive loft building, which is kind of weird. But the inside of the cafe was charming and no frills really, I like the personalized table decorations with some retro recipe clippings and food pictures.  The staff here is super friendly and fast.  I got a simple yogurt and granola with fresh fruit and was impressed by the artistically places slices of fruit (and the variety!) on my plate.  The granola was very good too!  The savory dishes my friends ordered also looked great.  I also like how they have a coffee bar with a selection of fair trade coffees so you can refill your own mug at your leisure.  Got a cookie for the walk home when I left, which was also amazing and was on the house since it was a last minute decision.  Love you Cafe Estelle, see you sometime soon!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,9/27/2009,126,708,6,6,5>WHOA. THERE.While in college I was spoiled by having Half Time nearby, this amazing incredible beer distributor that had EVERYTHING, in particular an extensive selection of microbrews and imports. Coming to Philly, I needed to find someplace that could satisfy my cravings for US microbrews and so was introduced to Bella Vista.The exterior of the building suits Bella Vista completely; its a warehouse full of beer, with a nice selection of microbrews, that you can purchase BY THE CASE. If I wanted to stock up on Southampton Publick House Double White, then by golly I can do so here! Or maybe a few cases of the cheaper stuff to celebrate the bf's birthday with a large group of friends. Bella Vista can accommodate. Even better, for a flat rate they'll even deliver it for you! A good thing if you're 1) a pathetic girl like me who couldn't possibly carry more than a few bottles on her own and who 2) has no car *sob* anymore since she lives in the city and 3) likes to entertain and must therefore provide beverages for large parties. But perhaps what I'm mostly grateful for is that the staff is friendly and KNOWLEDGEABLE. They know beer - they love beer! How can you not when you're surrounded by such a variety and enough to knock out all members of Philadelphia sports teams? FOUR TIMES OVER. Its a damn fine place to go - not as good as Half Time (NY State prices are awesome - damn PA!!!), but good enough to make me a happy little US microbrew gal.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,9/26/2009,66,254,15,13,10>Once upon a time, I needed to get my nipples pierced. Happy 18th birthday, self! While I thought I was a badass for doing it, I was scared shitless and scanning the internet every spare minute I had. I don't even know where I read the recommendation for Infinite, but the second I walked in there I felt at ease...aside from the nerves associatied with anticipating someone shoving a needle through your nips. The store is surgically clean. Everyone is SUPER knowledgeable and friendly, and nobody gives off that "hipper than thou" vibe you can get at a lot of tattoo/piercing places when you walk in without full sleeves and 10 visible pieces of jewelry. They also take their job very seriously and are more responsible than any piercers I've ever experienced. To test this hypothesis, a friend and I showed up stupid drunk one day in hopes of getting our faces pierced. We paid, and then the piercer asked "have you guys been drinking?" and, after a long pause, we responded with "...not for awhile." They refunded our money and sent us on our merry way, and they weren't even assholes about it!!! They should have been; we had no business being in their shop. Anyways. A++++. If you're getting anything pierced, please do your body a favor and go here.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,10/5/2010,88,127,7,8,8>Being Asian and having spent half my life in Asia, perusing the "Asian" section at your local American supermarket chain usually doesn't yield the best results. H Mart, while it carries mostly Korean items, definitely has the best selection of Asian produce and meat cuts (you can't find thick-cut pork belly in a lot of places). If you're into Korean food, they have pre-marinated meat and poultry for grilling, which you just place into a container and weigh. They also have fully prepared meals - noodles, sushi, etc., so it's really convenient.You won't find cheaper prices for produce or meat/poultry/seafood anywhere, so I really like shopping here. It does have that weird Asian mart smell...but no big deal. Minus one star because their Filipino pastry section (Filipinos will be familiar with items like pan de sal, puto, pan de leche, and so on) definitely had some items on display that were past their printed expiration dates. And had slight mold, ew.Also, the food court upstairs is awesome! Reasonably priced and tons of food. I've gone here just to eat, too.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,10/4/2010,11,83,14,14,14>Really great ambiance that you wouldn't expect from the outside. Sushi was delicious, and Thai tea was amazing. Staff was helpful and courteous. Pricing was on the high side, but still reasonable. Great date-night spot. I plan to return. I agree with Autumn B., it is amusing to watch everyone stuck outside waiting for Olive Garden while you are seated quickly and promptly receive, in my opinion, superior food. It almost made me feel pretentious. Almost. :)
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,10/3/2010,106,32,24,12,14>America is the home of a unique sociological phenomenon.  Dubbed The Fat Girl Effect, it can be most succinctly described as a female herding behavior and can be observed in a wide array of social settings.   All the guys out there know exactly what I'm talking about.  Within every group of hot girls, there is one fat chick (aka Loxodonta Americana Feminae).  The hotter the hotties, the fatter the fat chick. Generally, the fat chick is the squad leader and gate keeper of the pack.  All decisions are passed through her and her word is bond.  She is constantly coddled and rarely questioned.  Any threat to the fat chick will be handled in a decisive and aggressive manner by the herd.  No transgressions will go unpunished.  In fact, it's been said that hell hath no fury like a fat chick scorned.  If you don't believe me, just go hang around a McDonald's when it's sold out of McFlurry's.Most guys see the fat chick as an obstacle and for good reason.  More often than not, the fact chick is loud, sweaty, and obnoxious.  It's a tough sell, especially in warmer climes, and it can make for a long evening of annoying banter and loud braying.  However, those of us with more savvy in the ball game arena know the true score.  The fat chick can be a serious road block, but she can also be the key to a successful evening of courting.  If you're nice to the fat girl, then the hot girls will be significantly more likely to ignore your personal flaws and view you in a positive light.  With each subsequent smile or laugh you generate from the fatty, you start to seem a little taller, a little more handsome, and a little more suave.  Watch the hotties' faces light up as their appreciation of your sensitivity and kindness grows with each passing bon mot.  With enough time and dedication to the fat chick, you can rest assured that you will be going home with the hottie of your choice.  It's a slow play, but it always pays in the end.The managers of Rouge know this strategy well and, with some outside the box thinking, they employed it against yours truly in early SeptemberI was out and about with my pooch, looking for a dog-friendly venue where I could have a quick drink.  Rouge was really my only choice as it had one seat left and Parc had none, so I hesitantly saddled up certain that I was in for a less than satisfactory experience.   I've always had mixed feelings about Rouge.  It has many undeniable positives - great locale, interesting people, terrific ambiance, and outdoor seating - but I've always had trouble looking past the negatives.  In my opinion, it's overpriced.  The food is good, but it's not THAT good and the portions are small.  I understand that smaller portions are inherent in gourmet grub, but Rouge takes this axiom to the extreme.  Furthermore, my girlfriend insists on ordering the Cheese Plate every single time we go there.  It's mediocre at best, yet it costs $18.  Please.  So I was ok with my decision to sit at Rouge, but not thrilled.  My pooch is cute as a button, but she is young, she is hyper, and she is annoying.  Much like the fat chick of my little herd, she can be tough to deal with...but she runs my life, makes all of our decisions, and if she loves you, then I love you.I was absolutely floored when, instead of treating her with disdain as I had anticipated, my waitress rolled out the doggie red carpet.  Without even asking she brought over a bowl of water and even went so far as to give my little pooch a treat.  So sweet.  Instantly my heart melted and my guard dropped.  With two simple gestures of kindness and empathy, my waitress had ensured that I would forever ignore all of Rouge's flaws, enjoy a splendid evening with my pooch, and leave feeling nothing but positive vibes for the establishment.My 5-star review has little to do with food or drink and everything to do with their treatment of my fat chick-esque friend.  We will go back now, many times I'm sure.So let this be a lesson to us all.  If you feed the fatty, the hotties will love you.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,10/2/2010,128,137,5,8,7>How creepy is this? I'm writing this review as I'm under the dryer.I love Lena. I followed her from the Beehive and I would follow her anywhere. Every time she cuts my hair, it gets better and better. With or without direction, I always end up with a cut that is stylish and compliments my face.The salon itself is very friendly and accomodating. Besides, any business that has a resident cat is awesome in my book.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,10/1/2010,425,275,16,16,19>Mid conversation, i heard the distinct noise of plastic coins hitting the bar and my pop culture infused mind immediately played , " Pretty sneaky, sis!" . Because I was interested in what my friend was saying, I didnt investigate what the noise really was. It was soon after that I noticed the familiar Connect 4 game stand, towering next to a shortie Sly Fox can and empty shot glass. It was surreal.Doobies is a cool little speak-easy, just askew from center city. It was McThrill, who suggested it as a venue for the Get to Know me! makeup date. I agreed because of the stellar reviews ,that friends and trusted Yelpers have given it.I found free and easy parking a few blocks south of Doobies, and headed to the corner of 22nd and Lombard. When I got there, I was confused. I saw what I assumed was Doobies, however sans signwork, I wasnt sure. Luckily, from out of the shadows, emerged McThrill, who confirmed I was in the right place. After trying to go in through the out door, we eventually found the section of the wall which allowed entry.It was a cool little place, "little" being the optimum word. I dont think an event of any larger magnitude would work here, but it was certainly cozy and perfect for the motley crew who showed this time. Im still amazed that of all the Yelpers, who ive been lucky enough to meet, none have disappointed and none have been tools.Lots of good people up in here, thats for sure.Drinks were great, food looked good (although I didnt dig in) and the barkeep was cool (Ill hold my opinion of the creepy "server" that lurked always nearby). I managed to have a good time without spending more than $20.Back to Connect 4. What a novel idea, to have some old-school board games, for the patrons to enjoy. I was half-tempted to bust out that Game of Life and play a few months.As everyone was well met, and the party wound down, I set off into the mean streets of Philly to find my car. I must have gotten turned around because it took me a while to find where I parked my car. Apparently I had too good a time at Doobies, and most likely, the extra brisk walking time was needed before the trip home. Pretty sneaky...Doobies!
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,9/30/2010,476,796,28,28,26>I'm taking the Red Robin up a few branches! Having worked all day and not feeling like cooking or traveling too far from home, I was hungry for flaky, crunchy tempura battered, fried cod. Huge chunks of it, but I was craving fried shrimp dipped in a garlic butter as well. Artery clogging stick to your rib goodness! So I called after viewing the menu quickly on line and not seeing it, but yes, Ryan said yes, I can have both as a combination platter! So hubby came home and I say come on let's go! He said to where? I said to Red Robin, I'm starving! He says okay, I'll have one of their burgers. Yippee, okie dokie and yay! We get there and are promptly seated in the lounge area of the bar and our server was Ryan. Why oh why did I look at the menu when I knew what I was lusting for and craving? It's like when you want to have sex and in the meantime you pick up a good book... forget about it!So tell me Ryan, I am torn between the fried cod and shrimp combo or this fabulous looking french dip... baby it's cold outside. He says oh go with the french dip. Okay I trust you Ryan! Hubby looked at the menu too, damn us anyway! He asked, so how are your fried clams? Ryan said you get a huge basket of tender fried clams and they are very good! I can not go to Red Robin without having the tempura fried zucchini spears, thick and topped with a ton of freshly shredded parmesan cheese. They serve it with ranch dressing, boring, so I quickly mix my sour cream, horseradish and mayo sauce at home and bring it along. We already know the clam chowder is very thick, rich and holds tender clams and I had just made it at home last week, so I opted for the baked potato soup which was thick, cheddary and had bacon, celery and onions caressing the potatoes. Hubby had the french onion soup and loved the rich beef broth it was in. He also loved their clams and so did I, hey Michael look over there, snitch a few trick, you know. My french dip came on the most wonderful and flavorful toasted fresh baguette and rich Au jus. The shaved prime rib was well done, I would have preferred it medium at the least and it was topped with mozzarella cheese. I spooned a little of my horseradish sauce on it and walla, fantastico! Endless steak fries and cole slaw came with both and we ask them to double fry the fries now and they were crunchy and good. Hold the seconds though, we're stuffed! I need to go back soon for my fried cod and shrimp fix.... hold the menus please!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,9/27/2010,224,312,6,10,7>Woohoo Flyers!!  We went here to watch them win against the Canadiens to advance to the Stanley Cup!  I had the Heifer in Wheat it's a delicious beer.  I had a bad experience with Casey, so I was glad to see a different bartender who turned out to be very professional, he was definitely very good at what he does.  We ordered food:cheese fries, pulled pork sandwich (spicier than I expected, but I was pleasantly surprised) with chips and guacamole, and the steak tacos.  Food was great, drinks were great, no long lines, or funny business.  All around a great place to watch the game, just as Blake promised.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,9/26/2010,144,305,4,6,8>Dinner at City Tap House is just as awesome as the ridiculous beer selection.  The organic pulled chicken salad with pancetta, pecans, golden raisins, apples, blue cheese, and a lemon-thyme vinaigrette was to goddamn die for.  I don't say that about many salads.  Oh, and don't order the salad as an appetizer unless you're sharing, because it's HUGE - I took half of it home! The pizzas are yummy (though my favorite West Philly pies remain at Dock Street), the sweet potato fries are decadent, and the bite of a burger I tried definitely put it in the Awesome Burgers of Philly column, f'real.Note: the awesome server I spoke of in my last review is Dereck.  He's the man.  Ask for him.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,9/25/2010,48,198,5,8,7>my fiance and i had the best time here last night. the tay'im tasting menu is where it's at -- $36 per person includes your choice of hummus, samples of about eight salads, three dishes each off the menu and then dessert. even though these are small plates, we left feeling absolutely stuffed. i didn't find the portion sizes too meager at all.our server, michael, was terrific -- genuinely cheerful with this sort of understated peter sarsgaard type of sexiness going on (it's doubtful that liam picked up on that, but i certainly appreciated it!). he encouraged us to choose some items we never would have picked on our own, and we loved all of them -- especially the chilled corn soup with house-cured salmon, which we ordered mostly to humor him but ended up being one of our favorite dishes.i'm a sucker for a kitschy cocktail list, and zahav's is awesome. i loved the british mandate, with black tea-infused gin and lemon. liam really liked the marble rye and the israeli salad martini (be warned, though -- that one's a bit salty). i killed some sort of milk-and-honey cocktail with dessert in about two minutes flat, and it was definitely a drink The Dude would approve of.zahav isn't cheap -- it's a special-occasion destination for us -- but it's not unreasonable, either. really, the only reason our bill was kinda high was that we sent michael running to the bar about a dozen times. if we'd shown some restraint with the alcohol, our meal would have been plenty affordable. as it was, the experience was worth every penny.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,9/24/2010,82,189,25,12,8>So last night my inner fat girl and I were out for a walk when the need to roll around Farrah Fawcett-style in hot fudge washed over us and our skirt darts immediately reoriented themselves toward Franklin Fountain. I'd been by here countless times in the past and for whatever reason, I managed to always pick times when they were closed. (January at 10am, for example.) So p.s., I was very excited about the prospect of finally getting to savor the flavor.Then I'm thinking I'm so smart! It's early enough in the evening, maybe 7 or 7:30, who's going to be here? Typing this out now I realize it makes no sense whatsoever but at the time my logic was unassailable.As I approached the ye olde corner where Franklin is perched, out of the corner of my eye I noticed two not-insignificant visuals: (1) a 6'2, 300lb man garbed in historical wear, and (2) a buzzing pack of tweens. And so, I found myself brazenly body checked by said man in tricornered hat, white tights, and spats that took the sun and reflected its entire setting strength directly into my eyes -- 100% relevant detail as that's how he got his tour bus of 48 tweens to push in front of me and suddenly, my inner fat girl was forced to the back of a long, tweeny line to wait.And wait we did.As each member of the tour group stumbled through their orders, wrangled around their American Apparel pockets for crumpled bills (cash only), we all heaved and sighed in dairy anticipation as the cashier processed payments using a wooden cash register at the speed of the 18th century. (This place takes the old fashioned idea and runs with it. Right down to the lady hair nets, and the fully operational Alexander Graham Bell phone behind the counter -- when I saw an employee actually answer it, I realized Franklin Fountain takes their schtick very seriously.)No matter the wait, I wasn't about to give up. My moobies wanted ice cream!And boy, did they get served! I got two scoops of dairy perfection, one ginger, the other pistachio, "suffocated" (their word, not mine) in hot fudge, then whipped cream, and finally, because I'm a middle-aged homosexual, rainbow sprinkles, which they insist on calling jimmies. The lot was served in a chinese to-go container, which was touching, as I knew all too well there wouldn't be leftovers.Damn that business was delicious!Some other plusses worth noting:** The staff is extremely easy-going and unflappable. They were key in creating a nice vibe when it easily could have been just assembly-liney, or scowly, etc. ** They have a fun selection of retro candy and crazy-kooky ye olde sodas in bottles, including three different brands of root beer, a white birch beer, a scary strawberry soda that should be purchased anyway, orange, some mystery/unmarked flavors, and an exciting brand of grape I'd never seen before.** They have cute postcards (I bought a bunch).** They make exciting, impossible combinations of sodas.** They make super-old fashioned egg creams ... with egg?!!! (I think this might trigger my gag reflex, so I'm not sure I can consent to this.)** They have some soy ice cream, though I didn't see anyone order it.** They sell real hot fudge! If you're a hot fudge packer like me, then you know most of the product out there is filled with gross chemicals, artificial flavors and weird preservatives. Not here!The only reason I'm coldly withholding the 5th star is: I have indeed had better ice cream. And those places hold my 5-star heart.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/10/2014,331,353,5,9,7>My boyfriend hates change.  He still shakes his fist in anger at the hospital that was built nearly 2 years ago over the golf course that he visited as a child.  I wasn't sure how he would react to the change of his beloved watering hole where he spent countless nights with friends, followed by fuzzy mornings.  I never got to experience the General Lafayette Inn, but I have heard of its legend.  When we needed to pick a place between 3 counties, I thought what better way to celebrate with his friends, than to return to their favorite bar that had been transformed.The beer list is extensive. Not only do they offer their own 16+ taps, but they also have a large list of visiting beers in addition to a bottle list.  Add in the wine and cocktail menu and you should basically carve out 30 minutes to make a decision.  I went with their Berliner, which was light and easy to drink.  I was driving so I didn't want to dive in to their hoppier options.  Just more reason to go back. I didn't go for their raspberry syrup, but if you are a beer novice, that may be the way to go.The food menu was just as difficult for me to decide on.  So many options and they all sounded good.  The group ordered the fries with bacon mayo to start.  This is America, isn't it?  For dinner, I couldn't make up my mind, so I stuck with a classic burger.  It was tasty and cooked properly.  The boyfriend had the sausage sandwich with tomato jam.  He liked it, but said it needed more jam.  That is an easy fix if we order it again in the future.  The desserts sounded awesome, but it is hard for me to transition from beer to sweets.  More reasons to go back.Our waitress Rose was awesome.  When one of us couldn't decide between 3 beers, she brought a sample of each and then also was full of knowledge on the rest of the menu.  She really knew her stuff!We were a group of beer lovers and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  However, with great food and an awesome dessert menu, this place is just as perfect for non-beer lovers too.This is the kind of change that my boyfriend may be able to get used to.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/9/2014,91,116,14,12,10>You know you have good friends when they predict the winner of Top Chef early, secure a reservation and include you on said reservation.  Don't be jealous because your friends didn't think to do the same.  I heard they'll be opening up their reservations for June soon.  It's not thaaaat far away (gloats obnoxiously).But seriously, reserve for June.  Those mouthwatering gnocchis, the perfectly cooked walu and the citrus curd dessert* (my top three of the night) are out of this world fantastic.*You will want to get the pudding because it sounds more amazing.  It is amazing.  But the curd is amazinger (yes, amazinger) and you will feel like a jerk when you end up eating all of the dessert that you didn't choose, while the smarter person who ordered the curd gets shafted despite their excellent decision skills.There's a reason this 22 seat restaurant made it in the James Beard semifinalist list for best new restaurant (please win, please win... or you Serpico, you are delicious too).  So go see for yourself... in June.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/8/2014,119,247,,15,5>I've been telling myself for years I wanted a tattoo, and I finally decided what I wanted to get. But every time I'd have some time to get it done, I'd chicken out. Well, yesterday I finally gathered the courage to get my first tattoo, and am super pleased with the result and my experience at Body Graphics. Holly was my artist and congratulated me on my first tattoo before we got down to business. She gave great advice on the size and location and made sure I was happy before getting started. I asked for a brief breather after she finished the first of two characters and she happily obliged. The tattoo process itself took a little less than 10 minutes, and Holly noticed that I was looking a little pale once she was done. (I might be a little anemic, or maybe my body was finally just getting over the anxiety that had been building up to this moment.) She allowed me to lie down a few minutes and was patient while I collected myself before paying her. The instructions for after care were really thorough, and I'm ecstatic with the end result. I don't know if I'll get another tattoo, but I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone considering getting one!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,5/7/2014,299,267,5,9,9>We just got back from our trip to the Woodside Lodge. From start to finish, we had an amazing time there and it was the perfect place to come after a day of skiing at Spring Mountain. Making our reservation for the night was simple and quick over the phone. We paid in advance, so when we arrived the owner had us initial a form and then showed us quickly up to our room. He was friendly and kind, and even showed us how to work the fireplace in our sitting room.The room itself was wonderful. It was a little on the small side, but with a separate sitting room to hold our belongings and give us space to unwind and relax, I felt like we had all the room we needed. We spent a little time getting settled and then got ready to go downstairs for dinner. On a Saturday, it was all hustle and bustle, but they still were able to seat us right away. There were multiple big parties seated, at least two birthdays, a table of 8 right by us, but I felt like our meal was neither rushed nor slow.We ordered a couple of beers to start - they had a decent tap list and even more bottles. We also put in an order for 2 crocks of French onion soup, which was decadent! It was one of our favorite parts of the meal. Next came salad and warm bread with honey butter. And then our entrees - lobster ravioli with scallops and shrimp in a tarragon cream sauce and a bourbon cranberry glazed brisket. Both were very tasty, with adequate portions, and the brisket came with a starch which we opted to make the potato cake stuffed with Vermont cheddar cheese. It's fried mashed potatoes! What could be better? We finished off the meal with some dessert, and headed upstairs to while the night away in front of our private fireplace.In the morning, we arrived for breakfast at close to 9:45 (they stop serving at 10) and felt happy that we had a nice, leisurely meal in front of another fire! The other owner was there this morning as hostess, waitress and busser. She was so great to talk to, and attended to our every need while we were eating. The coffee was strong and dark and the fruit platter that came out before our meal was lovely!We left the lodge with a great big smile, knowing that even though it's not far from home, we will definitely be back to stay again. And next time we ski, even if it's a day trip, we'd love to come back for a nice meal.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,5/6/2014,92,160,12,8,5>Generally when I'm sitting at my desk working my soul sucking corporate job and I start jonesing for something 9 out of 10 times its wings, and then the 1 out of 10 is sushi to complete the craving equation. Last Wednesday was different, things were a bit stressful and I needed something stronger than buffalo and more fulfilling than spicy tuna, I needed a Bluecoat martini.   Luckily I was meeting a buddy that night for drinks and instead of going to some of my normal haunts I wanted to go to a cocktail place. Hop Sing isn't relaxing enough for me and 1TP was just a few blocks up from my office so it was the chosen one. I arrived before my pal and upon entering it was like I walked through the back of closet and into Narnia if Narnia was a den inside of Downton Abbey. This was a far cry from the mess of a setup Jollys used to have. Comfy couches with coffee tables along the walls, WASPy accents, it was set up to encourage group interaction. I made my way to the back and sat at a table by the bar. A very friendly bartender / waiter gave me the menu and as I paged through it my desire for Bluecoat was overtaken by the incredible array of cocktails they had. As a disclaimer I shouldn't have been out, I had laryngitis which was turning into bronchitis but I wasn't letting that hold me down. I ordered a gin cocktail with lemon and ginger. I took one sip and it was like a dude in the Alps blew a horn and shouted "RICCOLAAAA". It was a true elixir, my sore throat went away and I was able to speak! For my next cocktail I was having trouble deciding because all of the options sounded great so I explained to the nonjudgmental bartender my throat situation and he said he's got just the thing. He brought me another gin drink with herbs, cayenne extract, with a piece of cystalized ginger in it. The first drink loaded the bases, the second was a Matt Stairs moon shot into right field. The people are uber friendly, the environment is relaxed and comfortable, the drinks are amazing, and they have a cream chipped beef and corn chip casserole, what else could you ask for?
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,5/5/2014,202,325,4,7,2>Strangelove's is another project from the much-loved Brendan and Leigh of Memphis Taproom, Resurrection Ale House, and Local 44. And Strangelove's tops all of them. Here are my main reasons:1) The decor of the place is great and contemporary (love the individual bathrooms and common sink--very cool). 2) Two stories means that it has lots of space and even at 8 p.m. on Saturday night didn't feel like it was elbows to elbows, but it was still exciting.3) They take reservations and accommodate large groups--ours was 14.4) I think the Strangelove's burger beats all of the other burgers that their other restaurants offer.Beer list is what you would expect from these two. Diverse, well-curated, and smart. (Affordable too for the great stuff you are getting too.)Lynn (sp?) was a great and informed server.One downside: the fired okra was uninspired. The okra is still raw and the breading didn't stick to it. Dip in the aioli it came in and it was stripped.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/4/2014,97,107,8,12,5>I don't care what they say, that was chicken on that sandwich lol! I'm kidding, but one taste of their Crispy HipCity Ranch and you will think the same. The food is delicious! I did a 7-day vegetarian challenge last week and found myself seriously craving meat by Day 5. So I figured I 'd finally go and check this place out. I'm glad I did. I went crazy on the menu and ordered all of the favorited items I'd heard about at once, for myself and my family. I ordered the Crispy HipCity Ranch, the Philly Steak, Udon Noodle Salad, Sweet Potato Fries w/ both sauces (the sriracha aioli is out of this world!!!), an orange spice cupcake, a brownie, a chocolate chip cookie, and some Green Lemonade. Everything was very good. The layers of flavor that this place manages to come up with are insane. Regular chicken sandwiches rarely taste that good, how can "fake" ones? Lol Clearly, the Hip City Ranch was my fave out of the smorgasbord I ordered, but the steak was great as well. I didn't even realize nothing had cheese on it until I was halfway through it! To me, that speaks volumes about how far this food was buried in "Flavortown" because I don't eat ANY sandwich without cheese.The Udon Noodle Salad was light and tasty, but could've used a bit more dressing in my opinion. My least favorite items were the desserts. The cookie was good, but I didn't enjoy the brownie at all, and the cupcake only mildly. I'll definitely return!
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,5/3/2014,88,407,2,11,6>Brittingham's is back and better than ever! After being sold last year and closed for massive renovations, the space opened again this week--and, oh man, is it spectacular. Everything in the space has been overhauled, and you wouldn't recognize it if you'd been here before. There is a huge patio with gas fire pits, a roof deck, three bars, and valet parking. The menu has been totally reimagined and is executed to perfection by by their head chef, who trained under Perrier. I've had housemade pickles (tasty) and the chicken sandwich, which was wonderfully smokey. Perhaps my favorite thing from here is the raw bar, though--yes, you heard that correctly: legit raw bar in Lafayette Hill (and that's not a euphemism). The east coast oysters, blue points at the time, were massive and super fresh, with a nicely prepared accompanying mignonette. They were seriously up there with Oyster House and Route 6, maybe even a touch better because of their huge size. I beer selection is not bad at all, and is priced well, with some big bottles, like the Rogue Double Chocolate, coming in as low as $6.50! I'm hoping that in time they work on the draft beer selection a little and make some more creative picks. They just opened, though, so I am sure they will work this out. The wine list is fantastic, though. Really nice selections, and I believe they even have a sommelier--yes, you heard that  correctly: a sommelier in Lafayette Hill!Perhaps the most exciting thing, for me, about the new Britt's is that they are opening early on the weekends for English Premier League soccer! I cannot wait to roll in at 7am to watch my Chelsea or my wife's Tottenham throw down on their opponents, over some tasty breakfast. I seriously could not believe it when I heard about the new Britt's. How could they know all of my favorite things--beer, wine, food, soccer, oysters--and bring them together? Somehow they did, and I love them for it. Welcome back to the neighborhood, Britt's.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/2/2014,439,341,2,9,5>Admittedly the idea of a baconless brunch club was a terrifying thought when Mi Lah was thrown into the suggestion pool for a BYOB location to kick off our 2013 meeting of brunchers. I went out of my way in the description of the event to note that the last "B" of BYO could absolutely mean bacon, but decided on day-of to instead just go with the flow (as did the rest in attendance) and see where this meal would take us. A well rounded group of 6 gals and 4 guys showed up on a beautiful Sunday morning with booze in abundance ready to chow down...and boy did we. We started with a pitcher of orange juice to build our own screwmosas and picked at the fresh fruit plates compliments of Mi Lah. Orders were placed shortly after and pretty much ran the length of the menu. My Yards battered seitan chicken and waffles with the side of braised mustard greens was awesome, I love that they serve American classics with Asian flare thrown in the mix. Their waffles were nice and light, nothing worse than a super cakey waffle...and I swear if you closed your eyes and were fed their seitan you'd have no idea it wasn't actually chicken. As a carnivore, I was thoroughly impressed. No one had a negative thing to say about the food, the service was excellent and they were more than accommodating to our crew of 10 to the fact that leftover brews were left behind for their crew to enjoy.It's become difficult to find locations that meet the needs of all Yelpers at Brunch Club especially because BYO helps keep things on a budget, so for this wonderful suggestion I need to give a big shout out to the lovely Cat D. I have a feeling Mi Lah will be seeing our faces again soon.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,5/1/2014,83,265,2,6,5>Absolutely fantastic brunch. A little too pricey for it to be a regular in my rotation, but definitely worthwhile when there's something to celebrate, or when meeting up with friends. The staff and service were very courteous. The menu for brunch is filled with all kinds of delicious sounding things, many involving bacon and/or eggs. As a trio, we settled on: Dixie biscuit: Lots of salty, flavorful things going on in this dish and the grits were fantastic. If you are craving grits or other Southern breakfast food, this is the way to go Gingerbread pancakes: seasonal offering, with cracker jack and whipped cream and all kinds of goodness, just the right amount of decadent, painfully good Banana cream pie french toast: doesn't that just sound awesome? And it was. The french toast was soft on the inside, perfectly crisp on the outside, nicely partnered with bananas Go here.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,8/20/2010,32,35,9,13,10>The Abbaye doesn't try too hard, and I love them for it. They do not try to be edgy or quirky or hip. They just deliver a solid beer list and great food. Period. The service isn't that great, but it's fine. They display local art, but they also put sports on all their tvs. They're just unpretentious and real. I've never waited for a table at the Abbaye, even with a big group. Awesome. They serve the best non-traditional cheesesteak I could imagine. It has big chunks of steak and fancy cheese and roasted peppers or something... it doesn't taste like a "Philly Cheesesteak" but that's the thing, it's not trying to. What caught me off guard the most at the Abbaye is their brunch. There was too long a wait at Honey's and North Third and everywhere else in the area so we thought - what the hell, the Abbaye. No wait, and HOLY SHIT one of my favorite brunches ever. Don't mess with the Texas Benedict. It's like an eggs benedict but with the creamiest hollandaise smothered fried chicken, SERIOUSLY. I think it would be my last meal if I were on death row.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/19/2010,93,214,6,7,7>I just need to update again how much I love this spot - when I leave the burbs, it'll be high on my places to miss list. Chiangmai is a total staple in my 'I'm-too-tired-to-cook-lets-get-something-­delicious-that-I'm-not-about-to-make-at-home-k?' menu - the drunken noodle is delicious, the pineapple fried rice is another fave, and the Duck in Plum Sauce special is crazy superior to the normal greasy duck you're amp to run into in little local restaurants. I've been here a few times that disappointed - like when I had my birthday here a few years ago and they ran out of drunken noodle noodles, even knowing they had a reservation for 15 peoples. But they are BYOB, have an awesome lunch special, and have gift certs available on Restaurant.com. Win!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,8/18/2010,20,66,5,8,4>Came here last night after dinner -- check the previous review. I came here for disco skating. Too cool. Not bf's or my skating, though. This venue may not be pretty & prissy, but I like it cause it's right to the point. People, skates, a rink. If I'm close by the neighborhood and it's open, it's a good place to practice. Now, the floors and skates provided aren't top notch, but it's something. I did overhear someone talking about the lameness of the skates, but all you have to do is get a piggy bank & save your scrilla for your own pair.Overall, it's a good workout scene and very convenient for people in the area that like to skate. The crowd that was there for the night was cool, too. No scent of ridiculousness.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2009,8/17/2010,162,175,5,9,9>Maybe my expectations were high, maybe it was because we walked 15 blocks in the rain, but Vic wasn't as amazing as everyone says.Sure, the food was good. I think I'd like it better for take out instead of eating there (which I didn't know wasn't really done). The miso soup was good, the three roll special was solid.I guess I just wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I would eat their sushi again.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2010,8/16/2010,996,928,15,11,12>Dear (South)Korea, You sure are looking smug these days.  Why is that?Is it because of that sweet magic you puled off with Kim Yu-Na at the Olympics?Is it your current World Cup team, who seems to blow up the facebook status updates of my friends every time they so much as sneeze?Is it your liberal use of TADs in the field of Orthodontics and the crazy final results you get, nonsurgically?It could be all of those things, but let's face it.  I know why you look so smug - you've won my stomach over.It was a tough battle.  I know that little over a year ago, I tried an item called fish cake at a Korean restaurant.  I wasn't really impressed by it, but that is probably what I got for going in cold and ordering seemingly at random.  This experience put a damper in my appreciation of your cuisine for quite a while and for that I apologize.  I should not have been so foolish.Over the many months, you'd spring up once in a while, throwing a bi bim bap or kimchee my way.  I had colleagues who would try to set us up at various restaurants and Korean associates would feed me some homemade items.  Even though I always liked you(especially your BBQ skills), I wasn't ready to let you get a secure foothold in my eating itinerary.  Life was just too complicated.  We were friends, but not the kind that called frequently to hang out.After Koreana, something changed.  Things suddenly got serious.  My regular Thai and Japanese go-tos now had a serious competitor.  Places like H-Mart, Miga, and some-Korean-BBQ-place-I-Can't-Remember-The-Name-of paved the way, but Koreana sealed the deal and solidified my serious enthusiasm for Korean food.Koreana did the following things really freaking well:Dol sot bi bim bap - very tender beef, egg, and really fresh tasting veggies stirred all together with rice in a clay pot.  After you add the hot sauce to this, you will realize that you sit before something awesome.  If you don't like this hot sauce, you should apologize for your behavior to any friends you have remaining because you are probably an asshole.Kimchi bokeum bop - Spicy fried rice dish with chopped kimchee and egg.  Really great.Goon mandu - Fried pork and veggie dumplings.  They are good but comparable to dumpings that can be achieved at other Asian food restaurants.Jaeyook dup bap - meat and veggies in a thicker, spicy sauce.  Oh yeah, and the items were pretty darn cheap and pretty darn fast and their hot sauce...oh, be still my beating heart.  It was excellent.So you see, (South)Korea, your cuisine will be getting many more of my dining dollars in the years to come.  It has been a long road, but one that I'm happy to have traveled.  Sincerely,Brad P.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,8/15/2010,75,163,11,10,10>I Love Wings! No not the Band on the run, and certainly not the 90's sitcom. I love Buffalo style hot wings. After extensive research and Prilosec, I have come to the conclusion, that you can only get truly great wings outside the city, in fact to find really great wings you must trek into the sticks of South Jersey. The more backwoods you get, the better the wing. If your thinking Chickie and Pete's, stop reading, We are not speaking the same language. After hearing some rumblings that the wings at Tangier were good, I decided to try them. I may be prejudice, but I'm no wing bigot. Tangier, you have come the closest to a SJ wing I have ever tasted in Center City. Your wing is crispy but not breaded, your sauce is spicy and buttery, enough to burn your lips, but not so hot as to destroy your taste buds. The wings are priced well at 8 bucks for 10 and 11 for twenty or so. I have found my neighborhood wing spot, Yes there was a wings reunion, and it happened on 18th and Lombard. Post Script: There are a lot of interesting items on the menu, including bison and ostrich burgers, and my friends enjoyed their pub fare. Disclaimer: I have not been to Western NY state.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,8/14/2010,85,324,7,7,8>Somehow whenever I heard the name of this place, I associated it with PJ Harvey's song "Down by the Water". Don't ask me why.I tagged along with Mr. Christopher R and met up with Master Wham and his crew on a cold Friday night. Fish looks very schwank, both on the outside and the inside. I was having a gut check, thinking ahhh crap this place is going to be expensive. This is going to hurt. However to my pleasant surprise, cocktails were $5.00 and choice brews were $3. Pisco sours were ordered and consumed. Beers were downed((Including a UFO Hefeweizen if my memory serves me).  A drink with egg in it that I can't remember because I had already been drinking was downed. Good music was played and a good time was had by all.Our server was polite, friendly, and attentive. We never lacked for drinks. Which was probably my undoing in the end. Fish, you sold me. Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I'm gonna go your way(cue Lenny Kravitz guitar/drums......).
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,8/12/2010,53,82,6,8,8>I became obsessed with aspirin powder during a trip to South Carolina to celebrate my brother's graduation from boot camp. The difference in air pressure in the muggy swamps of the south was completely rocking my brain. The only pain reliever at the local gas station was aspirin powder and I was...skeptical. But it worked almost immediately. Back home the Mid-Atlantic has little to offer in the way of powdered pain relievers and having aspirin shipped to me seemed a tad ridiculous. So I got creative and finally purchased a mortar and pestle from Fante's. A gorgeous, Caribbean-blue Le Creuset mortar and pestle. Now I can play old-timey pharmacist and make my own! I mash the shit out of some aspirin. Sometimes, I even mix it with honey for a homemade face mask. Or make my own guac. This was the first piece that started my Le Creuset collection from Fante's. I've since bought the cast iron tagine and kettle and I'm saving up for one of the 9-piece sets. The ladies are always super sweet and knowledgeable so you don't feel bad spending some cash on quality kitchen wares. Go here. Make something at home. Or rather make something there--they have classes, you know. Anyone in for Cake Decorating?
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,8/11/2010,156,121,8,8,9>Ummmm. So I have no idea how I live two blocks away and I never knew this place existed. WELL I HAVE BEEN ENLIGHTENED. And thank god for that, or something.I get burrito cravings sporadically. Pretty much whenever I hear the word "burrito" which is a lot more often than you'd think. So last night while I'm checking out facebook, a friend mentioned going to get Mexican food and I felt like a junkie that needed a fix. A burrito fix. So I get here. Order my burrito. AND. IT. IS. HUGE. Seriously! Biggest burrito I may have ever seen in my life. I couldn't finish it! And it came out SO fast. I also want to bathe in a pool of their salsa verde.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,8/9/2010,31,77,6,6,6>i've always felt like i was born in the wrong region of the united states.. i mean, i love warm weather, sweet tea and i dont really find the grime of the city all that charming (prepares to be hit with a barrage flying soft pretzels) so imaging the pure ecstacy i felt when i realized there was a taste of the south right here in my hometown!like many bbq joints in the south, this place only serves one type of food with an array of appropriate sides. you can choose a meat (or 4) and your favorite sides to accompany your meat. we got the ribs and the brisket along with mac and cheese, german potato salad and green bean casserole. the ribs were good, barely any fat, and as other reviewers promised, the meat fell off the bone! but they weren't doused in bbq sauce like i'm used to (pout) instead, they had a dry rub on them and a squirt bottle of sauce was placed on the table. the sauce was disappointing as it was more like a sweet ketchup than the smoky, rich bbq sauce i've come to salivate over. but all in all, i enjoyed my meat. the brisket was just ok, but that might be because my boyfriend ordered the "moist" which is fattier than the "lean." for me, the sides were what made the meal. the mac & cheese was delicious, homemade style with the crunchies on top. creamy, rich and fattening.. mmm. but the mvp of the meal was def the potato salad. it was sooo good, warm and not mayonaisey, and i definitely tasted bacon! i savored every bite trying to figure out the ingredients so i could replicate the deliciousness at home. drinks-wise i stuck to something girly. long gone are my days of appreciating whiskey (i blame new years 2007 where i drank nothing but the entire night) but this place has an vast array for those who appreciate a good stiff drink. thank you percy street for bringing some of the south to the frigid north!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,9/23/2010,65,83,3,6,4>One of the best pizza places in Philadelphia.  Every pie I try here almost seems better than the last.  They have unique and delicious  combinations that always make me feel like I'm going to have a hard time deciding. Rustica: I heart you.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,9/22/2010,828,1172,7,10,10>After being to three Naked Chocolates now, I am proud to say that this is hands down the best one out there. Period Exclamation Point.! It hooks up what the one on 13th & Walnut offers in quality service, and what the University City one offers in size, and delivers both times 4!I was surprised to find this one before at first because I apparently walked by it at least 5 times before with out even knowing (I used to live a block and a half away so I mark it up to past knowledge and avoidance of what used to be there.). But since It was the last minute destination for the Bluebeard edition of Yelp's book club I had to hit it up without question. and I'm glad I did because it not only meant that I got to enjoy this this fine establishment. By divine circumstance, it also meant that I got reacquainted with bizarro McThrill (I would tell the story of why he's known as that. but it's a Lulu story, and she told it so much better - yelp.com/biz/di-bruno-br)!!!From this point forward Bizarro McThrill (as hard as it may be) will be known by his real name Henry, because Henry knows his coffee and desserts, and I learned that first hand when we both worked at Dibruno Bros. So when he suggested the cheesecake with hand dipped chocolate I knew that it was hands down what I needed to go for. and the miniature cake that was fit for one person was the stuff of pure decadence! I also have to give it up to our Book Club Hostess with the Mostest, Jenna C., who surprised each of the attendees with a piece of chocolate from their impressive selection. thinking about the white chocolate bite that I chose has made me die and go to Choco-Heaven!Bigger size, bigger selection of chocolate, and a Bizarro McThrill known as Henry? This Naked Chocolate is hands down the winner!-Note- Lulu referred to Henry as "Not McThrill", which is indeed a priceless treasure in it's own right! but because of this character being forever stuck in my head -http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV7vwAkwXFI- I'm forced to placate the name when defining my alter ego.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,9/21/2010,125,201,14,13,12>Hey vegetarians! Do you wish you could enjoy breakfast sandwiches with your carcass-eating friends? Tired of worrying whether Govinda's will run out of bread and make you eat a stupid wrap? Gianna's surly employees getting you down? Have I got a solution for you! This place has tons of meat-free choices, it's cleaner than the operating room at Germophobe General Hospital, and the people behind the counters are sweet as pie. Factor in excellent selections in the newsstand, snack and beverage departments, and I'm not afraid to say it:Best convenience store EVER.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,9/20/2010,129,194,4,7,5>I'm a sucker for bourbon. I'm also a sucker for stylish, cozy restaurants with subway tile walls, cushy booths, and antique light fixtures. And did I mention the beautiful bar entirely filled with whiskeys? And the prohibition and repeal style drinks? And the really helpful bartender? Yes, it is busy. Really busy. The only time I've managed to score a table for 4 is when I literally showed up as they opened the door. Last night I dropped in with a friend around 8pm on a Sat. night. Bumping. But I took the bar seat (first come, first serve) next to a single lady, and as soon as she left my buddy grabbed the seat. My only (small) complaint is the ONE vegetarian option for main courses - it's an upscale whiskey joint with burger menu. But since the menu is so short, and so well executed, I can't complain much. Things I love:deviled eggs...cheese puffs...pickle menu (god the artichoke hearts)..tater tots...the pickled cabbage on the black bean and lentil veggie burger. And did I mention the whiskey? Go for the de rigeuer, the top notch old fashioned, and an ounce of the Old Bardstown Black Label.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,9/19/2010,67,112,6,8,5>I wish I was my puppy.I think my little one got treated better than how I was treated at the doctor's office. Maybe it's because my baby is SO cute. It's true, Dr. Majeska said so. I will believe anything she says. She's that awesome. She really knew what she was doing with that needle. My pup didn't even flinch! (what a good girl) The initial exam + vaccination shot + heartworm pill was 80$. I've never had a pet in my life so I'm not sure if this is expensive or not. However, I didn't think it was outrageous or ridiculously expensive. It seems like a reasonable price to pay.The whole system is electronically done so you get your receipt, the next appointment reminder through e-mail. It's really neat, I think.The waiting area is really clean and the front desk staff members were really nice. I'm glad I found a right doctor for my baby. :)
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,9/18/2010,2946,2194,16,29,28>Where else can you get mouthwatering Indonesian served with a smile? This eatery offers a bright and colorful space, modest, but with room to spare.Their menu's full of affordable entrees, including noodles, fried rice, and curries, all in shareable portions. Flat rice noodles (kweitaw goreng; N8 on the menu) are pan-fried yet moist, made even more flavorful by mixing in red chilies from the condiment rack. The Medan-style chicken soup (R15) is soothing, sporting a curry-like coconut broth, plus a side of shrimp crackers and sweet sauce. For best results, pair the soup with a plate of house-style fried rice (R3; nasi goreng), served with an egg on top.Thanks to low tabs, their cash-only policy isn't much of an issue.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2009,9/17/2010,9,38,45,6,14>Well...  I got a little awkward story about the first time I ever went to The Gold Club.  So this place used to be a dumpy strip club called The Office (perfect material for so many puns).  It was dark, dirty, seedy, used to have pool tables, and quite questionable dancers until one day it closed.Sometime later The Gold Club emerged.  As much as I try to avoid strip clubs because they make me feel really uncomfortable, I ended up here for a friend's birthday.  I pretty much just sat in the back trying to avoid any contact with everyone until the dreaded moment I had to pee. Looking around, I see a hallway with a door and think that must be it.  Boy was I wrong!   I walk over, open the door, walk straight in, ...oh geez!  Turned out to be the dancers' dressing/undressing room.  My jaw dropped.  I was stunned at how bad I just straight up fucked up.  I seriously thought I was about to get the shit beat out of me by all the bouncers.  Thankfully this one nice woman walks up to me completely buck ass naked, picks my jaw up off the floor and says "Honey, you lost?"  I completely digress into a little boy and answer "Yes, ma'am."   She says it's ok, takes my hand, and (still completely naked) walks me out, through the club, past all my friends, and to the bathroom.  She drops me off, pats me on the butt and says "Here you go, honey".  I've never felt so bashful before in my life.  I then noticed the bathroom attendant laughing at me out loud.  All I could really do was just laugh with him.  I left soon after that, but not before telling all my friends what happened so they could also have a good laugh at my expense.  It was one of those nights I was thankful I don't really get embarrassed and also that I thrive on awkward situations.  My Synopsis of the Gold Club: -Quite the Dive for a strip club-Girls aren't busted-Not a place for a big party or anything, but alright if you like seeing naked people and have a few laughs.PS-I'm trying to never go back.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,9/15/2010,58,124,7,8,8>I love the Monk's beer menu, "The Beer Bible." In it are pages and pages of different beers, ranging from many different places, rarity, types, and prices. The average beer enthusiast, especially those who love a good Belgium beer, must come to Monk's.Not only are their beers quite fabulous, their food is pretty tasty too.My pub mate had the homemade, beer-battered, golden fried chicken fingers. Not your average chicken finger, they were super good.I ordered the Monks mussels (cantillon gueuze, fumè, garlic & parsley), one of several different flavors you could choose from. For ordering the "small" size, I got a decent amount or mussels and their pommes frites w/ bourbon mayonnaise all for $10. Several people suggested the Thai Curry mussels (Monk's Flemish Sour, fumè, Thai red curry, bais, garlic & coconut milk). They sound very interesting, maybe I'll try them on my next visit!Overall Monk's was clean, cozy, and intimate. Even for a pretty busy night at the bar and tables, the sound traveled very well. I could actually hear what I was saying! Only thing that bugged me were that some of the servers were pretty rude, or looked like they realllly didn't want to be there. O well...
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,9/14/2010,36,521,8,22,14>A blast of color, life and fun on this block! Today was the opening day and it was buzzing with excitement, happiness and cupcakes. Free samples galore and the attentiveness of the people who work here is unmatched. It's a cozy little place and full length windows allow you to see the baker hard at work =] I had the carrot cake and gingerbread cupcakes. Oh - my favorite thing about this place: They have MINI cupcakes. You can have one and not feel guilty - freaking genius.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,9/13/2010,33,53,5,5,5>Today was opening day and after a panicky scramble to find myself a partner in crime to share my buy one get one free burger deal & after waiting 45min in the rain next to a pair of cigar smoking self-proclaimed "thugz" who found it appropriate to yell at every passerby on the street with some sort of derogatory expletive...I finally was rewarded with the deliciously greasy but gourmet 500 burger experience!I got the 500 burger and I was not disappointed. It's a sexy looking burger - a little tall, plump with promise & bright with color.  While it looks small it is thick and dense. The meat is juicy and flavorful (aka there was a fair amount of grease/juice running out of each my bites). It comes on a brioche bun which was a bit dry... The 500 also comes with bacon and well you can't really go wrong with bacon ... ;) The special sauce was decent but nothing special. I would have liked to see some hot sauce offerings. Three types of fries - plain, spicy and truffle... Say No More! Truffle fries?! Yes please. They have milkshakes which I did not get to try but it's made with Bassett's so... again can't really go that wrong.... It's a small space with a few benches and bar stools to eat at. You go up to the counter, place your order and when your number gets called you pick up your goodies and chow! I hear this place is going to be operating some late night kitchen hours to rescue us from the late night, drunk munchies... But this is a rumor yet to be confirmed!All in all, good burger and worth the wait. I'll be back soon... tomorrow I think...
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/29/2012,180,143,4,9,5>Somehow, I am always beginning my reviews as confessions. It must be my Catholic School upbringing. But I admit - I am often not a dream customer. In fact, when I go out and am paying for food or drink, I am usually a pain in the ass. This I know. Sometimes I want ONE pancake (instead of toast), 2 poached eggs (you'd be surprised how many places will not poach eggs or know HOW to, even if they have eggs benedict on the menu), and a side of steamed vegetables and fruit. I am always accomodated, no attitude or extra weirdo "request" charge. Their patience here is laudable. And when I say my budget is tight, that means I have zero wiggle room. If I am out to eat, it's because somebody offered to treat. But once in awhile, ONCE in a rare WHILE, I feel like I can blow some funds. Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you the Tenth Street Pourhouse.           I have been a loyal customer since 2007. And nothing has changed. It is still the reliable, consistent, New Orleans-themed menu that it has always been. It has always been a cash only breakfast/lunch spot, closed by 3 every day and cranking out great food at great prices. Baguettes are fresh and crusty outside, chewy, inside...pancakes are big and miraculously NOT greasy, eggs are however you want them and perfect. Coffee is WAY above average, and the espresso drinks they are capable of make me swoon. Having a redeye as a breakfast option is something that should just be standard for a morning spot, imho.          They usually have one server working, which is something that at first I found annoying and unnecessary, but now consider advantageous for the server and for creating a sense of intimacy on an already intimate environment (it's a small space). It makes me feel coddled. I have taken many friends and even considered having my birthday brunch there. Everyone leaves full, happy, and with plenty left over in their wallet. Which pretty much meets every requirement.          Clientele runs the gamut; businessmen, hipsters, families, regulars who treat it like an "Alice's Diner" and do grab-n-go breakfasts.....Something for everyone makes the Pourhouse a favorite of mine, and of yours when Kanella and Varga are slammed and intimidating with an overflow of too-cool-for-school. I happen to like school.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,8/28/2012,716,107,3,4,3>This place is the best!  They aren't like other places in Jersey that try to come off as nostalgic, but end up being dry, antiquated excuses for the great food and service provided to their customers many years ago.  Creanies maintains those feelings of nostalgia (drive-thru, outside picnic benches, CASH ONLY) and also delivers on friendly customer service and amazing ice cream.I never really tried their different water ice flavors so I can't help anyone on that note, but the soft serve ice cream is literally the best I've had.  Don't know what it is about it, I'm sure they use many of the same ingredients as other places, but they just consistently provide the best ice cream creations in the area.  Be Smart, Get the soft serve, load it up with your favorite toppings, get a huge waffle cone to go along with it, indulge, and thank me later.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/27/2012,400,308,4,6,6>Can ice cream be elegant?I think it can - so I submit to you, that Little Baby's Ice cream serves up some seriously elegant ice cream.  Get yourself some!  Gourmet and innovative flavors - that don't whack you over the head.  I do declare that a scoop each of Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon and Balsamic Banana is the new modern mix equivalent of a basic childhood favorite, but with twice the flavor and depth.Not to mention. Speculoos.  Oh, Speculoos. Be still my beatin' heart!Delicious treat for a hot summer day.  (oh, and guess what? They've not got their own little brick and mortar store - aside from the trucks - right in Fishtown)
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,8/26/2012,393,710,,11,8>I had the challenge of deciding on a suitable dining destination to catch up with an old friend.  I went with Russet due to the buzz surrounding it and their commitment to using local and seasonal ingredients.As we opened our bottle and began catching up, the waitress presented us the menus printed on what I'm guessing was recycled paper.  Immediately the house cured lonza caught my eye.  I was also in a seafood mood so I picked the salmon.  My buddy (in from the midwest) went straight for the halibut because "he doesn't eat enough fish in the middle of the country."  We also opted for the house rolled pici.Lonza and pici both hit big.  The lonza, served with the marinated celery had beautiful texture that hit salty and vinegary and came along with a beautiful presentation.  The pici surprised me because while the pasta was perfectly cooked, the pork ragu had a fair bit of spice that showed up late.  I was very impressed with both appetizers.My salmon, which was presented skin side up (a bit odd in my opinion) was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  It sat over the most perfect broccoli rabe I had ever tasted.  I forgot the dish also included house cured ham and at first glance, I mistook those ham pieces for chard stalks.  To my surprise, it was pork and I was happy.I think Russet has really nailed it.  Their focus seems to be presenting food in an honest way and highlighting the natural flavors.  Consequently, I feel the restaurant also highlights the natural charm of this row home and displays the simple joy of a really great meal.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/25/2012,79,66,13,13,8>The existence of Meltdown caused a pretty epic debate amongst my co-workers.In one corner, you have the purists who believe that the grilled cheese sandwich is nothing more than a simple synthesis of cheese, bread and butter.And in the other corner, you have the modernists who believe that a grilled cheese sandwich is open to interpretation. Ham? Why not! Apples? Sure! Honey? Bring it on!Personally, I don't know which side of the debate I fall on. All I know is that you should probably stop reading this review and get to Meltdown now. Seriously.Dude, why are you still here? Are you not aware of the glory that is grilled cheese?Alright, alright -- fine. Let's get on with it. I ordered the Twofer combo -- half of a Baja Melt Sandwich (sans chicken) and the soup du jour, broccoli cheese.The sandwich was basically a hug for my mouth -- creamy Monterrey Jack cheese, tomatoes and fat slices of avocado enveloped by buttery, crunchy bread covered in tortilla butter.Yes. Housemade tortilla butter. That is a thing in this world and I have eaten it and I kind of want to slather everything with it. The soup was great too -- warm and creamy with large chunks of broccoli. Served with crunchy, salty toast points, this meal was pretty much the definition of carb heaven. My only lament is the lack of hot sauce on the table. I swear, I'm going to start toting around a bottle of Cholula in my purse.It's a great meal for a chilly fall day....or for a warm spring one. Another plus is the soda. Seeing as how Coca-Cola and Pepsi have a monopoly on most eateries, it's refreshing to dine at a place with different options. The soda at Meltdown comes from New Hope - a local business focused on using natural, organic ingredients and cane sugar instead of HFCS.I got the Italian Lemon soda and it was great! A little tart and redolent of actual lemons. The only thing that could have made it better is the addition of Bluecoat Gin, but hey -- girl can't have everything. Make sure you save room for dessert because the grilled poundcake ice cream sandwiches are the stuff of legend.Owner (?) Bob noticed me salivating over them and brought one of the tasty treats to our table on the house. Thanks, Bob!I'm usually not a big sweets kind of girl. I prefer to use my caloric intake on salty-spicy-cheesy things or gin, but I'll definitely reconsider for these. The sandwich consists of a thick slab of either vanilla or chocolate Haagen Daaz ice cream served between two thick, buttery slices of pound cake and finished with raspberry glaze. One portion between three people makes a great post-meal treat. In addition to friendly and prompt service, Meltdown is a great place to bring the under 10 set. In addition to a kid-friendly menu, they have a little kiddie area complete with teeny chairs and a flat-screen TV airing classics like Mary Poppins. If you need a hug -- you should call your mom but if you want a delicious sandwich that feels like a hug - hit up Meltdown. And seriously, save room for dessert.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,8/24/2012,146,222,5,7,4>Thai spice green curry?  Yes please!   Circles lives up to the hype with great prices, generous portions, & quality food.I didn't think seitan could be succulent until I savored Circles' satay.  Even though I fell into their extended delivery zone the skewers (wrapped in aluminum) were  piping hot upon arrival.  It took a bit of time to get through on their phone lines (Sunday evening ~7) but it's well worth the effort.*The oh-so-practical extended delivery map is greatly appreciated & well worth the extra $$.*If you call sitting on your ass at home hitting redial an "effort."
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,8/23/2012,194,389,3,5,4>I have been going to the Makiman in the NE for a few years. Since moving closer to center city, I was excited to hear that a Makiman was opening in center city. The food is just as good if not better than the one in the NE. We ordered about 8 rolls and every roll was very good. The Sixers rolll (shrimp tempura on inside and spicy tuna on outside) was one of my favorite.  There was also this Mamma roll that was very large and had egg in it- it was nothing like any sushi that ever had  and it was amazing and unique. I also loved the Sweet Potato roll. I've also never heard of an Atkins roll and wasn't sure about it until I ordered it. The Atkins roll is a hand roll and is made up of fish and radish (instead of rice); to my surprise this was delicious. Makiman has a very large selection of sushi and other meals. Prices are reasonable. Service was great. It's byob which is great but they do charge a nominal cork fee (which I never encountered at the one in the NE and don't remember seeing that on the menu). I was there on a Friday night and the crowd was mostly young adults and it was pretty busy so I recommend reservations for weekends. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/22/2012,308,271,4,7,8>Gluten free pizza crusts here are so good I almost thought they were normal crusts. Fluffy on the inside, crisp on the outside, it was absolutely delicious.Went here for lunch today to enjoy my last few days working in the city and in close proximity to my boyfriend. I got a Diavolo pizza on gluten free crust, hold the cheese, and my better half got the same pizza regular-style. We also each got a bottled beer, which were reasonably priced, and the Coronado IPA was excellent.Service was acceptable, neither overbearing nor neglectful. It was busy at lunch on a Wednesday but there was a table for 2 available when we arrived. They had all the windows and doors open which was really nice. Overall a great spot to grab a tasty lunch that's a step above the food trucks and fast-food joints nearby, but still doesn't break the bank. The two pizzas and two beers came to $37, which ain't half bad for a great sit-down lunch.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,8/21/2012,212,160,5,7,7>Not only did they donate my new bowling ball, bag, towel, and polish to the charity event where I won it, but then when I brought it in to have the holes drilled I got hooked up with a discount. Never knew having a ball designed for me could improve my skills so drastically, but now the strikes are falling like rain (after a few tips from John, that is).Located inside The Hi-Spot Bowling Lanes, it's really just a large storage closest converted into a shop, but there is plenty of room to get what you need done, and still enough space for product perusal. Owner John Altomare is one hell of a nice guy who's very eager to make sure your geared up to bowl up of your potential, even if that's only just above 100. After the royal treatment here, the first game with my new ball brought me an all-time high score of 163 (up from my previous 95 average) and my first ever turkey!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,8/20/2012,40,83,3,6,5>A house, filled with old books and lots of well lit corners. I have spent hours, aimlessly wandering the house, looking over every shelf. The smell is intoxicating. Old, beautiful books. There is nothing quite like that smell. Don't go into this store expecting a chain experience. The selection is diverse and one has to be willing to get on ones hands and knees to dig for whatever it is you are looking for. Even if you don't have a goal in mind. If you need to be pointed in the right direction, the staff has always been beyond helpful. If you need an obscure text book, they can tell you where to find it and what else might be helpful. I fear that so many people will give up on print. Then again I can sit, contentedly, on the floor and not be bothered by the sound of people feverishly typing away on their laptops, punching into their phones or iPads, or gossiping over coffee. There is a time and place for all of that but none of it belongs in this shop. How glorious.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2012,1/10/2013,146,61,3,10,4>Growing up right down the street from the Chief, it always got a bad rep for being a dirty dive bar.  Last year was the first time I stepped foot inside the place, even though I've lived in town for over 17 years now!  To be honest it was nothing that I expected at all, it's actually a pretty clean place, offerring live music, DJs, and karaoke on Thursday nights.  Typical bar food, I'm pretty sure the majority of the menu is fried, but great beer selections and tons of specials on game days with plenty of TVs to go around.  There's also a larger room with a pool table too!  Great spot if you want to shy away from the other two bars in town that all of your former classmates flock too.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,1/9/2013,50,83,5,8,8>If you want a dive bar with charm, Dirty Frank's delivers. I've been twice now and both times have been a lot of fun. One of THE most motley crue of patrons I've ever seen, all fraternizing in harmony. Sat in a booth with my back to a dude in the adjacent booth who was wearing battery-lit flouresant glasses. Yep. Normal.  Check out the musty old mummers costumes and other paraphanalia hanging from the ceiling. The bartenders may take their time to get to you if they are mid-conversation, so don't take it personal. Bring cash, no credit cards accepted (the handwritten signs reminding you are everywhere.)Drink beer, take shots and take it all in.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,1/8/2013,114,105,6,7,7>Woah. I don't understand how this place only gets 3.5 stars. I've been here a few times, both times before I was a Yelper, and both times before they served food. Let's make sure we're on the same page here... Before they ever served food, the concept was simple. "Welcome, enjoy our amazingly broad selection of beer. Enjoy it to go, enjoy it here. Mix and match without fear... do what you will, just enjoy our beer." That could have been their slogan... instead it's just something I made up, but still, I think you get the point. BEER! Lots of beer. Delicious, less than nutritious, but yummy. And from all over the world! If you like beer, then even before this place served food, it deserved better than 3.5 stars. In the beginning, it was just bottles; now they also have draft. Pretty cool. That covers the "beer" aspect of Hawthorne's. A major plus, in my book. Let's talk about my most recent outing.We arrive on the first beautiful evening of many to come this fall (also the first night of Monday night football in 2012). The tables outside are mostly  filled, which is a good sign. There are a few people seated inside, but well below full capacity. A few others are perusing the beer fridges, looking for their tasty treat.Outside seems like a good choice. Server is friendly, articulate, and generally cool. I order a blueberry beer from one of the draft selections... don't judge me. She decides that in honor of the beautiful night, she'll go to the beer fridge to pick out a nice pumpkin beer. JACKPOT. Southern Tier's Pumking is INSANE. Get it and you'll know what I mean.Appetizer: pierogie - what kind? Does it matter? They're homemade pierogies... and they were pan fried. D-lish.Entrees: Hawthorne burger; short rib tacosShe got the burger... I think it was bigger than her head. Juicy and tender ground beef, with a fried egg, avocado, blue cheese, and a chipotle sauce on top... all served on a brioche bun. I shouldn't have to explain to you how amazing it was. Fries on the side.The short rib tacos. Sensational. Next time I'm going to try the baja tacos (read: fish tacos). I hadn't eaten much all day, so I was a little buzzed after a few beers, but this buzz didn't impact my decision. The incredible weather, impressive beer selection and our outstanding choices, and dynamite food make this place a new Philly fave.Get down to 11th and Fitzwater to visit Hawthorne's right  this second... why are you still reading? Leave! Now!
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/7/2013,180,227,12,6,6>STOP your HATIN' RIGHT, THIS, MINUTE.The wait staff is truly classic diner service, and I thought that our waitress Cindy was so nice. She couldn't have been more of a riot (and I was sober).Food comes quick, they are well organized (for 2am), and they keep the sketch from camping out. There is no sleeping allowed.I am not expecting the food to taste as good as Vetri, but it sure beats Waffle House in SC.You come to Midtown II for the following reasons:a) you are wasted at 2, 3, or 4 amb) you are hung over and need for statc) you are looking for a meal to cost close to nothingd) you need food, ASAP.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,1/6/2013,509,364,5,8,7>The Bavarian pretzels come in two sizes and one of those sizes is larger than your plate and your face. It's kind of ridiculous, worthy of county fair status, but it's just an everyday occurrence at Frankford Hall. The pretzel was delicious in all that makes pretzels good in terms of chewiness/saltiness/sweetness, but nothing outrageous besides being gargantuan in size. The cheese dip, served in a paper trough, was some extremely mild melted down cheese formation of American and cheddar. JT and a I still noshed it all up. And this knot goes down in the books as the biggest. Frankford Hall also has sausages and burgers in addition to an outrageous supply of German beer. The Spicy Bauenwurst with sauerkraut was screaming my name as I ordered a huge mug of beer and knew eating something with a kick would help me drink it all. Although this pork and beef sausage was not spicy, it was snappy and juicy and even better with in-between bites of mouthwatering sauerkraut.JT got "The Kanzler" burger with dry-aged beef, balsamic onions, gruyere and grilled bacon. The burger was seriously the boss. It even bossed around its buns. It was mean and delicious and one of those sandwiches that doesn't stick around long enough to discuss. Frankford Hall is a great place to grab a huge stein of beer and pretzel/beer/sausage and congregate as well as showing off how large your pretzel is.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2012,1/5/2013,425,275,14,8,11>I love burgers. There, I said it. They complete me. When I die, in lieu of a coffin, Id like to be placed between 2 sesame seed buns and a crisp piece of lettuce and be dropped into a great apes habitat.Elevation Burger has been on my radar for quite some time but I rarely am in the area to try it. While making another pilgrimage to Movie Tavern last week, I noticed an E Burger so I decided to give it a try.Since I was going to Movie Tavern, I decided to just get a burger a la carte, so I can only review the burger here. I got the Elevation burger ( 2 patties) with cheese, bacon and raw onion. Total came to about $9." It better be good", I thought. The verdict... It was very good. meat was hot and juicy, the slab of cheddar was one of the best cheeses on a burger that I can remember. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed it...but not $9 enjoyed it. I can get a similarly good burger at Ruby Tuesday for the same price that includes fries. I was also a little disappointed that , with a great selection of sodas, cream and black cherry weren't available.Elevation Burger falls into the category of a special treat place, as opposed to a regular haunt. I'm still thinking about that slice of sharp cheddar on that burger. Go ahead and add that to my funeral wishes. I think the apes will really appreciate it.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/4/2013,92,189,,6,5>Went again for a wax yesterday, which I managed to schedule the day before. Love how I can get appointments on fairly short notice (though I'm sure this is not always the case, depending on what time you want to go.) This time was with Debbie. Most fun (yes, I said it!), painless wax ever. She has 16 years of experience and is constantly reevaluating her methods to make sure it's the most pleasant experience possible. It was fun because she has oodles of personality and makes you laugh all the way through the process. It was also the cheapest ($45) that I've paid for this type of wax anywhere in the city (or the burbs, for that matter) but with the best results.  Almost too good to be true! I can't recommend the ladies here enough. They even have early (8:30 AM) waxing appointments on Saturdays so that you can get in, out, and on with your day!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,1/3/2013,40,71,2,8,5>We are slowly but surely eating our way through the HipCity Veg menu and, as meat lovers, have been pleasantly surprised and extremely satisfied.  I'm officially obsessed with the crispy ranch "chick'n" sandwich - I don't know how they do it, but the protein looks, feels and tastes miraculously like chicken!  I have dissected it and all but looked at it under a microscope, and it's a total culinary revelation.  It even reheats well for next day lunch leftovers.  The fajita wrap is super flavorful, and the veggie burger, though not as inexplicably identical to its carnivorous counterpart as the crispy chick'n, is meaty and hearty.  Sweet potato fries are good - pretty standard - but what makes them unique is the dipping sauce, a whipped concoction of savory cilantro goodness.  The only downsides I can see are that they've been sold out of the kale the two times we've tried to order it, and there's no restroom for their dine-in customers.  But all in all, this is not what you think of as typical vegan food - it's substantial.  It's flavorful.  It's total man food (no offense to my male vegan friends).
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/2/2013,238,323,3,8,5>You guys, this place. I'm still mourning the loss of the massage therapy school near QV, aka, Pam's excuse to get a monthly (sometimes bi-weekly) massage.So when I walked by and saw that they had 20% off Swedish since they were featured in InStyle (nice!) ... I couldn't resist making an appointment. I'm recovering from a neck injury, so I was a little worried, but the therapist (Justin) was very talented and gave it good attention without exacerbating anything. And when I came out of the room, not only was I presented with a glass of water, but also a truffle! Adorable. And the prices are making me seriously consider becoming a regular massage-getter again. The rooms are lovely, you can choose your essential oil and music, and there's a little menu of 'add-ons' you can tack onto a massage for a little extra (I think I might opt for foot reflexology next time). Highly recommended.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,1/1/2013,150,257,1,6,4>Oh, Isgro's, why do you have to be located so close to my apartment?  Sometimes on my walk home, the wind catches in just the right way and I can smell your deliciousness before I get to my house.  It's simply unfair because then I HAVE to walk there and get something.I don't think I've ever had anything bad from Isgro's.  Their danishes are sublime first thing in the morning; apple is my favorite.  You can never go wrong with a cupcake with a huge pile of frosting on top and their cakes do not disappoint.  Some of my favorite things to get are the pizelle cookies, the ricotta cookies, and the plain yellow cupcake (usually decorated with rainbow jimmies).  They do special order cakes and cannoli platters for parties and have tons of cookie platters around the holidays.If I had to list any issues, it'd be the way they take orders.  They have one of those deli wheels where you take a number, but no one uses it and people tend to jump ahead of me in line (I guess I look like a push over and I'm too nice to say something).
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,9/24/2011,191,134,11,19,16>Growing up, this park was kind of a junkie haven (as far as such a thing went in Roxborough). About 15 years ago, maybe even 20, a dedicated mailman named John started to work on the landscaping and build a Friends of Gorgas Park Group. For the last 10 years, the park has been a jewel at the heart of the neighborhood, and the friends group one of the best I've ever seen in action. Want a Farmers' Market? got one. Want free outdoor concerts with featured bands ranging from Motown to Celtic to Zydeco to Rock, all of them great? got 'em. Want free movie nights under the stars? got those, too. Need a  great playground to bring your little ones, where there are lots of other well-minded little ones to play with? this is exactly what you've been looking for. Want a place where you can do a comprehensive  and fun fitness bootcamp? Look no further. Need a small, well maintained baseball field for a pick-up game of softball, baseball or whiffle ball? Gorgas is the park for you. A place where your well-trained dog can run free and cavort with other well-socialized canines? just over the hill, you'll find doggie heaven on earth. Need a quiet, shady spot to sit and ponder the sacrifices of our dedicated servicemen and women? The War Memorial is stately and designed for your meditiative satisfaction. Just want to lay in the grass and enjoy the sunshine and cool breeze? Though it may be repetitive, Gorgas park is the place for you.I have a hard time imagining myself living in any other section of Philly sometimes, and one of the biggest reasons is that I have the creek (pronounced "crick") to my left and Gorgas Park to my right. Who could ask for anything more?
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,9/23/2011,286,176,18,18,12>so a vegetarian and 2 omnivores walk into a fancy steakhouse. oh wait, you've heard this one before? nevermind, then.i won't bother telling you that the vegetarian didn't go hungry. she didn't even eat a salad. no siree, bob! she was - get this - able to order off of the special prix fixe lunch menu without requesting a single modification. unheard of, right? wrong.said vegetarian very much enjoyed her bowl of curried cauliflower soup followed by a plate of cavatelli pasta in a light sundried tomato sauce with generous dollops of goat cheese. all for $15. who knew? now, you do.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,9/22/2011,39,174,3,12,3>Hate mall jewelers by definition?  Can't afford Tiffany's? Does walking down Jeweler's Row somehow fill you with the urge to take a shower?More importantly, do you think that the "very special" jewelry you buy for your loved ones should *REALLY* mean something?If you answered "yes" to all of the above then say "Hallelujah!" my friend, because Bario-Neal has come to town!The artists at Bario-Neal are just that: artists.  More than that, they are artists with a heightened consciousness for what is morally just when it comes to worldwide mining for precious stones and metals.  Everything they make is derived from recycled, re-purposed, or equitably/sustainably mined raw materials.Did I mention that they have a wonderful design aesthetic, incredibly attentive personal service, and extremely fair pricing?I bought my fiancee's engagement ring from them and it was the most satisfying purchase of that kind I have ever made by far, for me but equally and more importantly for her.  We will be heading back to Bario-Neal shortly to have them make our wedding rings, as well.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,9/21/2011,35,101,3,6,4>Me and my German roots LOVE this place.  Cozy, good service, and great German fare.   The bar area is always jumping, the dining room is always full and the new outdoor patio looks like a fabulous place to sit and drink the afternoon away.  Growing up with grandmother who only cooked German dishes has made me very aware of what is genuine and what is not.  While the German dishes can't compare to my g-mom's home cooking it definitely is authentic and tasty.  I have never ever had anything off of the menu that I felt was sub par.  Rouladen, Goulash, and different Deutsche wursts are just a few of the dishes that make up the menu.  Don't fret.... they also have an great selection of  non-German dishes including fish, chicken, and an assortment of hamburgers.  Everything is always brought out fresh, hot, and perfectly seasoned.  Don't forget to nosh on Oompa's Homemade Mustard, it is wunderbar!Of course, it being a German restaurant they have a myriad of beers from the great country that gave us Octoberfest.  So macht schnell and get yourself over to the Newportville Inn....Ja wohl!
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,9/20/2011,132,306,2,7,7>Five stars because of the bartender alone.  Katie Loeb is famous in Philly, and continues to win awards and get accolades in the press.  Not just because she is a fantastic mixologist, but she's also warm and friendly.  If she had not been here when I came in, 3.5 to 4 stars.  But she was here!I had some oysters, and that wasn't enough so I had to have the fried oysters, large-size.  Don't get the small sized ones unless you like the taste of batter more than oysters.  It's kinda like popcorn shrimp, just an excuse to eat batter and dip it in cool sauce.  Anyhows, the fried oysters were tender and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside, and perfectly seasoned.But what really surprised me was the cole slaw that came with the fried oysters.  Possibly the best I've ever had!  The cabbage was crunchy, not limp.  There were onions and I think a few tiny pickles here and there.  Perfectly dressed and not drowning in boring mayonnaisey-based white watery crap.Back to the oysters.  Get your oysters here, their turnover is huge, ensuring absolutely the freshest oysters possible.  And they have a great selection which changes often.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,9/19/2011,66,113,3,5,3>Unfortunately for my boyfriend and friends, I will never be sick of this restaurant. Every single thing that they make is delicious. Probably go there about once a week if possible (which it normally is). The pho is always great and the menu is huge for non-pho lovers. If you are a meat eater and not squeamish, try the raw beef in lime juice salad for an appetizer (#116) - lettuce, cilantro, onion, lime juice, peanuts, and meat that is only slightly cooked from the acidity of the lime juice (ceviche style). It is phenomenal.The only downside to the restaurant is the parking situation. It shares a lot with an apparently very popular Asian grocery store - on weekend afternoons, don't even bother with the lot at all, just find street parking. We have been stuck there for 20 minutes at a time with people idling with groceries and menacing each other for parking spots.I have tried tons and tons of Vietnamese restaurants and this one is by far the best.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,9/18/2011,172,490,4,7,4>This is my new favorite find - I've already started telling all of my friends to go here. All non gmo vegan, all the time.  When I saw the prices, I couldn't believe it - all bar fare prices, but no hangovers.I was a hungry dude so I had an appetizer and a wrap.  Don't judge, I ran it all off later in the day, (gosh - you're so judgmental).Spicy Tofu Fingers. $5. As inspector gadget would say, WOWSERS.  First off, you get a TON of them - 7-8 maybe more? I couldn't tell you, I glommed them down in no time.  I can't place half of the spices they used on this appetizer.  Its not a buffalo wing sauce, its not burning hot, its a wonderful blend of spices.  The tofu was barely recognizable as tofu really - the flavor of the sauce took over the entire "finger".  I can't get over these - I'd come here if they had nothing else on the menu.  Luckily for me, they do.Chicken salad BLT wrap. $6. I may be veg, but daaaaamn I love bacon.  I think (veg) bacon is the answer to most arguments, and bacon can create world peace.  This wrap was far different than most "vegan chicken" salads I've had - I didn't detect any soy mayo.  If they used it, it was very slight.  Another very flavorful sandwich - and quite filling - I couldn't finish it.The only issue I see with this place is location.  Its not in a place that is typical for food joints, but alas phila residents - they do deliver.I look forward to trying their baked goods (and the chili cheese fries).This place is essential for Vegs and those looking for an alternative to the typical place.  Simply the best - I'd put in my top 10 Phila restaurants!
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,9/17/2011,170,347,7,8,6>Remember in middle school social studies how they taught you that specialization of labor was one of the things that started to emerge when people got civilized? They should probably just start taking the kids to Rotisseur for a demonstration. They make one thing: rotisserie chicken. And it is fanucking awesome rotisserie chicken. This is maybe the best deal in this part of the city. You're a 2 block walk from Rittenhouse Square and you can walk out the door with a quarter of a chicken (white meat!), two delicious sides, and a beverage for under $10. The list of potential side dishes has nice variety but isn't overwhelming (I agree with Michelle C that more veggie options would be good, because while starches are delicious my inner grandmother really wants me to eat something green). I went with the roasted potatoes (yummy, flavorful, nicely cooked) and the watermelon orzo salad (holy fishsticks Batman that was delicious). The chicken is juicy and flavorful and delicious and the skin is crispy and ... yeah. Specialization of labor. More like specialization of awesomeness.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,9/15/2011,110,111,10,10,11>My curiosity piques when I can't wait to run home and attempt to emulate whatever it is that I just experienced. My favorite albums led me directly to a guitar store as a teenager and my favorite books convinced me to put pen to paper. Never has a bar driven me to drink creatively before now.The blame for this desire rests squarely on the shoulders of the Bartender's Choice menu item. The staff will happily offer you suggestions based on your likes. I hung on every word our server said when suggesting atypical drinks, from allspice to egg whites to Zima*. Each drink was better than the last and I continued to pour more trust in the hands of our server, confident that he somehow knew exactly what I craved before I did. I could have drank dozens of new creations until they kicked me to the curb, had it not been for that nagging concern that, somehow, I would need to find my way back across the state line that night.It also seemed like a good idea to remain sober enough to remember what I drank so that I could begin experimenting at home. At this task, I succeeded only partially.Kudos, Stephen Starr. You finally found a way to get me to love another of your restaurants. All you had to do was minimize the food and let a knowledgeable staff of mixologist shine.*OK, he didn't actually say Zima but I needed something that started with a Z for a little symmetry there. Whatever. Don't judge me.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,9/14/2011,190,62,4,17,9>I really enjoy squeezing off a few rounds from a pistol, or even better, an AK-47, on an otherwise quiet Sunday afternoon, and what better place to indulge this hobby than at the Philadelphia Archery & Gun Club located right by the Italian Market in Bella Vista? For anyone who has been to other gun clubs in the Philadelphia area, it's not uncommon to overhear conversations rife with overt hatred for "bleeding heart liberals" or, prior to his presidency, see targets with Obama's face, head wrapped in a turban. Places like that are disconcerting and just not fun. You won't find this attitude at SPAG. The staff and clientele at this club come from a diverse background and share only one thing, a love of firearms and target shooting. No political agendas here. I've found the staff extremely helpful in asking questions about different firearms or potential purchases, and they're always willing to suggest a new rental option for you to try. Best of all, they let you shoot some pretty high-powered stuff here. No automatics, and no 50 caliber sniper rifles, but otherwise, it's pretty free reign. The only downside is that there are only a handful of lanes, and at peak times, you might have to wait a bit to shoot, but I've never waited more than 30 minutes, and there's no time limit on how long you occupy a lane. For members, lanes and targets are free, so the only thing you'll ever really need to buy are the bullets. If you've never fired a gun before, this is the place to visit. They'll get you set up with what you need and you'll feel right at home. After you work up an appetite blasting paper men and rescuing hostages from the 1980s, grab a bite at the Italian Market. I always go for the great tacos at La Veracruzana at 9th & Washington.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,7/21/2007,51,51,2,1,>One star for every artery that their spicy cheese fries clog... plus one for good luck!But seriously, Paolo's is my favorite pizza place in Philadelphia. Aside from having some really fantastic gourmet pies, the guys that work there are awesome.You know how a lot of pizza places have really shady Italian guys working there? The kind that stare down a girls shirt when they take her order. Well the guys at Paolo's love to hit on girls, but they're really realllllly classy about it.Instead of saying something like "Nice tits," they'll um... court her sweetly, saying things like "Do you like mozzarella? This is the freshest sweetest mozzarella, straight from Italy... here, have some." or "Nah don't worry about it, it's on me."Check it out... especially if you've got a nice rack and don't have money for a soda!
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,7/20/2007,31,41,2,7,4>This place is so sexy and hip! I'm a DCist and I'm sad to say we have nothing like this. Ultra spacious, sleek, artsy, multifunctional space that is sure to please all. Between the bar, food, lounge areas, pool tables, bowling lanes, and arcade games, you're bound to find something that suits your fancy and remain entertained all evening. The DJ was pretty great, mixing Radiohead, Salt 'n' Pepa, and everything in between. The upstairs bathrooms consist of a row of spacious unisex single bathrooms with large pedestal sinks and two mirrors, which was such a great luxury for a change! We were there late Sunday night, and it seemed like everything cost $2! I guess there were some sort of specials going on. Cheap bowling and tater tots make for a great evening. If only I had any semblance of bowling skills, I could have a good time and still retain my self esteem at the end of the night. Minus 1/2 star for making me feel slightly crappy for sucking it up (too bad if that's not their fault).. and minus the other half for making it absolutely freezing in there on Sunday night! The chicks will dress hotter if you keep it warm, North Bowl! Anyway, I can't wait to return!
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,7/19/2007,20,23,,3,1>This is a hip family-owned coffee shop.  The service is sometimes slow, but usually that is due to the fact that the workers are having pleasant conversation with the regular customers.  This doesn't bother me because it is genuine, unlike the mandatory politeness that starbucks hands out.  The coffee is pretty good and not very expensive.  Today I bought a small iced coffee and a bagel with cream cheese for a little under $5.00.  The music is a mix.  Nothing to abrasive and they keep it low enough that if you don't like the song that is playing it is not bothersome.  Plus, plus, they have free wireless internet!!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,7/18/2007,49,102,3,1,3>You're kidding me right? Am I really only the second one to review this world famous restaurant? Or do the mighty chefs have the power to erase reviews until they're all perfect fives? As a total Yelp whore I swear I've read more reviews on this place before I went last month.Unfortunately, this review may have to be deleted too since it isn't going to be a five. The only reason is because the veal medallion, the glistening crown jewel of the $58 five course lunch tasting menu, wasn't seasoned enough. I know, that may be too picky. On the other hand, everything else was spot on. Gaspacho with seared asparagus, mmmm. Sauteed sea scallops... and the all-you-can-eat dessert cart (I'm sure there's a more dignified name for it but that's really what it is). That alone merits a five star. Really, this place deserves a 4.5. Yelp, you gotta add half stars. It's just not fair. Oh and did I mention the ambiance and service? I've heard so much about this french classic that I was expecting snoot up the wazoo. True, the dining room was sucked straight out of the ballroom scene of Disney's beauty and the beast, and I cringed whenever my cutlery touched the plates for fear of making the chandeliers shatter.  However, the waiters and maitre'd were both engaging and unobtrusive, and explained the dishes well. We never felt out of place despite clearly being the youngest customers and least uhm, likely to mistaken for French descendants.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2006,7/17/2007,268,549,2,2,1>Love this place, prices are reasonable, cocktails are fun and strong.  This place reminds me of "Rat-Pack" meets diner with the olive-themed light fixtures.  The waiter warned me that the portions were 'tapas' sized and I expected such.  My fries arrived, and it was the biggest mound of potato product I had ever seen.  (Two very butch lesbians next to me offered $20 to watch me finish the whole thing and I failed).  The noodles were a huge meal that I could not finish either.  Is this a Philadelphia thing?  What is considered 'tapas' is bigger than most entrees in my hometown of Manhattan.  Can't say I complain.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,7/16/2007,118,506,,5,1>OOOOOHHHHHHHH THIS IS HEAVEN!I'm not big on icecream or gelato portions, just a taste.  So I usually order the mini cone which has a generous bit of gelato all for about $3!  Can't beat that!I have to say, east coast Italians definitely know their food!  Nothing can beat Capogiro! If you were to get a small serving though, they will give you an option of three different flavours.  One time, this lady ahead of me ordered the spicy jalapeno.  She was mighty brave!  =)  I'll be glad to keep my Thai Coconut!
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,7/15/2007,141,286,2,2,1>Their tortilla espanola came straight from heaven, and their garlic shrimp sizzled. Paired with sangria, you cannot go wrong :) The plates burst with flavor and I would without a doubt return!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,7/13/2007,213,398,4,6,4>IT'S TOO DARK IN THERE!!! literally, if you go there for lunch, be prepared for walking into utter darkness and fumbling your way around until your eyes adjust. and later on, you will get retinal damage from exiting into the daylight.great lunch specials! great drinks! you can watch the game(s) there! nice staff! i have never had a bad time there or disliked my food but jeez, turn up those lights!
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,7/12/2007,44,128,5,4,5>My friends and I once affectionately referred to The Grog as "the place where old men come to leer".  It's your typical sports bar, but the food is pretty good and the portions are huge -- I recommend the hummus. However, The Grog truly won me over when I went there to celebrate finishing my senior thesis -- I'm a fan of any place that serves $2 Red Bull and vodkas (after 9 on Monday nights, y'all!)
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,7/11/2007,78,280,,5,3>Pure is a fabulous thumpy gay club for members only.  Non-members  pay a huge cover charge and be granted Guest Status for the evening.  Since it's a members-only club, guests can't buy their own drinks, so you have to suck up to a member (easily identifiable by their wristbands) and hand them cash who will hand it to the bartender on your behalf.  The sucking up is actually not bad-- the members are friendly and accommodating, and it's a nice way to talk to people.  Yeah, the music was a bit too loud, but earplugs helped that.  And yeah, drinks were expensive (especially for a non-member who wound up buying a drink for the kind member/chap who ran beverage interference for mine), but you don't go to a club to save your pennies.   So shaddap and have a great time!I will say this: The place was fairly empty before 2am, but at 2:15am after the other bars closed, it was wall-to-wall sweaty shirtless menz, which is not a bad thing.  There was still plenty of room on one of 87623876 dance floors.  My favorite spot is the downstairs bar, which is run by the best bartender ever.  It's quieter, it's pink and fuzzy (like your mom), and they play a killer mix of 80s remixes... amazing.  And you can hear yourself think, which is a plus.Seriously... as one of the few chicks in the place (let alone one of the few hetero chicks in the place), I still felt very welcome.  Very cool.  If you like great clubs, ask someone to sponsor you for a membership.  It's worth it.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/19/2014,467,310,22,23,15>This review should have been priority #1 for 2014... I found this tiny restaurant while looking for a place on Washington Ave to have my usual Friday bowl of pho for breakfast... I parked and started looking over Yelp reviews to help me decide.... Then I read a reliable source for great food, and an entertaining read... John L's review was all I needed to read to walk in and have a seat... I ordered a large bowl of bun bo hue and was brought a cold glass of green tea... Let me tell you, this bowl of spicy noodle soup will instantly turn you into an addict... Kicking your favorite place down to #2, if not to the curb, will be no problem. It was a good laugh when Victoria L sent me a message describing the meal as being made with crack!! But after several sips of the broth, I absolutely agreed... I'm not the most skilled person with a pair of chopsticks, but I can manage to get by... Well, my unorthodox way of eating with them wound up having me drop a noodle back into the bowl... It splashed some of that spicy broth into one of my eyes... Burned Like Hell.. If this had happened before I actually gotten a first taste, the meal would have  been over.  I literally thought that I was gonna have to get one of those Sammy Davis eyes implanted... But because of how great the broth tasted, I found a way to find it funny and continue eating. The broth is clear and full of flavor, and the cuts of beef used to cook this meal is top quality meat... I can't say that I've had this type of meat at anyplace else that I've ordered a noodle soup. I really do suggest to anyone who is a fan of pho or bun Bo hue to give this place a try.... You deserve to enjoy what's served here.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,8/18/2014,85,261,4,9,5>If you are looking for that authentic, absolutely fresh sushi, this is your go to place. If you are looking for a huge variety of different types of sushi with the fillers/sauces, this is not your place.I've been here twice already and both times have been great. The agedashi dofu (tofu) is a must try here! I love Japanese fried tofu in general, but this place has got to be the best I've had. The sauce it amazing. It's very light where you could practically drink it, but it's also very flavorful. Another absolute favorite is the Chirashi. It's a bowl of over the top fresh seafood.  (from octopus to salmon to yellowfin) on top of seasoned sushi rice. The rice...OMG!! Another great item is the soft shell crab. Fried and seasoned perfectly.I tried the seafood soup, and it's just ok. There's tons of seafood (crab legs, clams, shrimp, etc), but it is also loaded with tons of cabbage. I thought the cabbage overpowered the dish a lil bit. The umi...was not a favorite at all. It was my first time having it and it was so mushy. I will not order it again.They are always very busy here, so make your reservations! Also, this place is very small. When approaching it on Rt 130, make sure to drive slow, because you could easily drive past it. Also, when entering, the ceiling are beyond low! I'm short and I felt like I was going to hit my head.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/17/2014,199,293,3,7,7>Kidari is a cute little sushi restaurant on South Street. It's right across from Penn Medicine's Rittenhouse location. I can see this place being well appreciated by sushi aficionados who live in the Grad Hospital area.We had the Cy-catu roll (spicy tuna and panko crumbs on top of a California roll), the Fire Dragon roll (eel and avocado on top of a spicy tuna roll), the avocado roll, and the sushi sampler (four pieces of tuna, salmon, suzuki, and hamachi).The rolls were sized generously and really filling - we ended up taking a few rolls home as leftovers. Definitely a great addition to the South Street food scene!
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/16/2014,59,220,6,6,8>Okay people, this place is worth the hype and the $$$$. After watching Chef Elmi compete on Top Chef like a champ, I knew I had to quickly make a reservation to support my Philadelphia rising star chef's new restaurant. It's a good thing I did, because Laurel is now booked up for basically the next 3-4 months.My favorite dishes of the night were the scallop crudo (which came with an incredible apple and cucumber consumme), the roasted shrimp and mushroom soup, the pork with a chestnut puree, and the complex sweet and sour dessert of white chocolate pudding with cocoa nibs and quince. Every single dish we had was thought-provoking and so exciting. I think that was my favorite part. Although we knew what the ingredients of each course were, we still had no idea what to expect when it came to the flavor. Chef Elmi kept us on our toes the entire time.The restaurant is also BYOB and the pricing is comparable to many restaurants in the city. The portions are also fair and we left feeling satisfied and happy.I'm sorry to talk it up because you won't be able to get into Laurel anytime soon. This Top Chef winner knows what he is doing!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/15/2014,45,11,11,23,17>People like to say "you get what you pay for."  I feel like that's an excuse for laziness.  Money does not buy good taste, and the devil is in the details.  So this is a story about value.  About the intersection between quality and cost.  It's a story about an $8 glass of tempranillo that has you trapped between rapture, and anger at what you've been spending.  It's a story about a piece of chicken so tender you question that it's chicken.  Or about a server who knows the middle name of the farmer's nephew in France who churned the cheese that's churning your senses.  It's about sitting back at the end of the journey and saying "wow, I've paid twice as much for food half as good, but my future is looking brighter."  Townsend is a fantastic blend of charm, comfort, and congeniality.  I personally lean toward the relaxed cocktail vibe on the ground level, but upstairs, star-crossed lovers are all-a-gaze over white linen and shimmering silver.  I've gone three times in the past month, and tasted everything on the menu that my shellfish allergy would allow; each dish was fascinating. I recommend you go with a large group so you can benefit from a bite or two of everything.  The Beef Tartare with Bone Marrow, and the Sweetbreads with Grilled Veal Tongue are personal standouts.  Your entrée must be either the Rabbit Pot-au-feu or the Roasted Organic Chicken.  Save room for the Chocolate Soufflé, it's a near religious experience.  And please, if you have any sense of adventure, ask for the sommelier, Lauren.  Tell her what you think you like; tell her how you're feeling, what you're eating, your thoughts on the Winter Olympics.  Then let her interrupt you with a glass of wine that changes everything.  And take a sip of your brighter future.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/14/2014,139,292,5,9,6>Organic salad is great, order this every time.Duck duck goose: very nice portion of foie gras is worth it, duck confit wrapped in duck proscuitto is like a salami sized sausage and too rich to eat yourself, this dish is best shared.Crudo sampler is 6 individual portions and a fair sized plateThe pork chop is one of the best I have ever had.  This dish is what brought me back several times after.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/13/2014,1090,471,11,11,9>Came to the Little Tuna for an intimate dinner and enjoy some BYOB.  When we came here on a Thursday night, there were only a few other couples here. We of course knowing this was a seafood joint, brought a bottle of chardonnay, which the waiter was super nice, opened for us and brought over a bucket of ice to chill the wine. We ordered the fried dumplings for and appetizer very tasty, around $8. For our entree I went with the flank steak and mashed potatoes around $22, they were fantastic. Yvette got the wasabi tuna, which was really amazing and actually had a sushi taste and came with a boat load of wasabi which was around $25.Food was priced decently, food was great and BYOB, I will definitely be back.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,8/12/2014,4498,831,8,23,19>There's somebody new on the block in Wayne and their name is Avero and they have incredible potential.  The lovely wife and I attended a fantastic Yelp Elite Event here in late March.  We were so impressed we made 7:00 PM OpenTable reservations here for last night (Saturday).So we showed up on time and were seated immediately.  Anything I could say about the atmosphere here is irrelevant because it is about to change drastically and within days.  They will have new booths, drapes and dividers making the current large room feel like several smaller more intimate spaces.  It should also change the acoustics.  It sounds great and I can't wait.  If you like to enjoy an adult libation or two this is your place.  They have a very large beer list and an incredible specialty drink list.  I had an Italian Manhattan ($9) that was described as having a touch of burnt orange.  Check out my pic and note that the orange twist is actually charred!  Delicious.  My wife enjoyed a Bourbon Sour that blew her away.While we were perusing the menu we were served beautifully plated and OMG delicious bread.  Check out the sea salt and crushed black pepper in my pic.  Of course the bread was baked in the wood fired oven.We decided to take more advantage of the oven and split a small pizza for an appetizer.  The one we choose was appropriately named "Spring"- with prosciutto, asparagus, smoked mozzarella, and farmer's egg for $15.  This light white pizza was cooked perfectly with just a slight char and a touch of that wonderful wood smoke flavor.Entrees were next and my wife choose the Day Boat Scallops with wild morel mushrooms and toasted pine nuts for $25.  As you can see from my pic they were plated beautifully and she proclaimed them delicious.I choose Short Rib Ravioli with burgundy black truffle, Chianti, and whipped ricotta for $16.  I found the portion size a little small but they were incredibly tasty with that slow cooked short rib flavor coming through with every bite.Service here was just fine last night with no problems.  Our young waiter was efficient and two different managers stopped by to check on us.We understand that with the new furnishings will come a Grand Reopening! We'll be back for what we expect will be another fine four star experience.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,8/11/2014,851,144,14,16,15>Scotty, don't beam me up, bring me back and down!!After going to my favorite farmer's market in the area for well over 20+ times, in the past 2 1/2 years, I just realized that I've never written a review. How did that happen and where on this planet are they doing that at? Clearly, with me and quite possibly after that preposition.Where do I start?  Is it with the multitude of farmers selling their wares from fruits (berries, melons, bananas mangos & much more) or veggies (a variety of greens, broccoli, zucchini, corn, asparagus, broccoli and many, many more), or baked goods, freshly squeezed oj, lemonade, guacomole, salsa, seafood, jewelry, chocolate, llama and alpaca meat, flowers, ceramics, coffee, smoothies, breakfast made to order (quesidilla, waffles, omelettes, quiche (pre-made), live music, or ice cream and soooooooooo much more.A couple of my favorite vendors at the market are John & Kira's chocolate. They make decadent gourmet chocolate and confections made with various herbs, nuts, honey, fruit and spices. Creatively decorated and the packaging in small or large boxes with calligraphy style font on the boxes or in narrow rectangular plastic packaging. My favorite is the chocolate that is decorated on the outside like a bumble bee and filled with honey lavender. Mouthwatering scrumptious. Another of my favorite vendors is Amaranth gluten free bakery, who makes the most delicious granola bars ever. Moist, delicious and packed with healthy goodness. The ingredients: the company's own Maple Almond Granola, Gluten Free oats, chocolate chips, orange marmalade, butter, sunflower oil, maple syrup, brown sugar, pumpkin seeds, almonds and salt. They are a great snack to eat anytime of the day and filling. I pack them with my lunch or eat them during class as a pick me up if my energy level is getting a little on the low & slow side... In addition, they offer breads, cookies, cakes, brownies and flatbreads.Most recently, I have noticed a couple of new ice cream vendors offering traditional flavored ice creams and sorbets creatively infused with spices and herbs. Like strawberry basil sorbet or buttermilk rhubarb ice cream sandwich on graham crackers. Great factor is that they offer taste samples. The fusion of flavors is refreshing, savory and down right yummy... Calories worth the indulgence....Lastly, can we talk music. There are two areas at the market where there is live entertainment. I must say they have some great talent at these markets. I'm thinking music scouts need to look at the grassroots in towns to find hidden talent in some of these musicians. Folk, jazz, alternative or even throwback to the 50s, 60s and 70s can be heard here. Vocals or instrumental. Yes, I love farmers markets and in this area, Collingswood Farmers market is my favorite and non-guilty pleasure on Saturday morning.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,8/10/2014,66,110,1,8,3>Aroma is flat out the best Mediterranean food I have ever had in my life. Both the food and service here are done to perfection. From the moment you walk in, you are warmly welcomed and made to feel like family. The owner and his wife frequently venture out and converse with the customers. For dinner, we enjoyed the appetizer sampler, mixed kabobs sampler, lamb gyro, Greek salad, and dessert of baklava. Every single item was phenomenal. You simply cannot go wrong with this couple's cooking. Note: It can be a little difficult to find as it is tucked in the ground floor of a large condo complex and the small neon sign is easily missed.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/10/2012,314,288,2,9,9>Halfway through my grilled chicken sandwich I said, eyes bulging and tummy satisfied, "This is totally a five- star experience."They don't come around too often these days, do they? Great service, great food, great atmosphere. EGG has it all.First let me start with happy hour: $3-5 drafts, $5 wine, $2 off cocktails. $5 mussels, $5 wings. Damn! I had a glass of shiraz, Zack had a beer and we split a bowl of mussels, which came out steaming in one of the better broths I've had lately. The mussels were covered in garlic, breadcrumbs, and chopped tomatoes.Oh, did I mentioned the oysters? $1 oysters, ALL DAY on Tuesdays. We had five. I got the grilled chicken sandwich, Zack had the pork tacos. While Zack was impressed with the amount of meat on each tortilla, he did note they were lacking in flavor. Not to worry, tabasco to the rescue. My sandwich, however, knocked it out of the park.There are few things on this earth that give me more palatal pleasure than a slice of potato directly from the deep fryer. These fries were PIPING hot, the oil still glistening off each one. My sandwich, which was grilled chicken with spinach, artichoke hearts and goat cheese on a brioche bun, was equally as fresh. The chicken was so tender there was juice dripping all over the plate. The meat: bun ratio was spot on and I wasn't left with half a chicken breast hanging off the end of the roll. You know how that happens.The music was great- Fleet Foxes and other indie rock bands played softly in the background. The pub itself was cozy and quiet. There was also a TV, in case anyone's looking to watch some sports. I will be back. Looking to try the burger next time.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,11/9/2012,4498,831,1,8,6>I had a need to be in the area yesterday and Stogie Joe's was on my list of bars to crawl. Am I glad I did.  Although I'm from the burbs I much prefer a classic South Philly bar to the sanitized joints often found on the mainline. So I'm sitting at the bar taking in the atmosphere, sipping a drink and listing to Zeppelin on the juke box.  The guy next to me orders the quickly becoming legendary Stogie Joe Stromboli.  I've listened to many people rave about this baby so I was pleased that I would see one.  When it arrived it smelled and looked wonderful. When I said as much to my neighbor he quickly obtained another plate and sawed me off a chunk.  It tasted as good as it smelled.  Stromboli's can be deceptively tricky to make well.  If you get the proportions wrong they turn into a gooey mess.  This one had just the right amount of spicy cheese and excellent Italian meats.  The dough was the perfect thickness.  It was easy to see why it gets all the raves.So I enjoyed the atmosphere and loved the food.  I've bookmarked this place to visit again.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/8/2012,1014,321,2,10,11>As far as updates go, this one is long overdue. Chick's has changed substantially since my last review two years ago, embracing their Italian persona and spotlighting chef/owner Jim Piano's facility with both Italian-Italian and South Philly Eye-talian dishes. We visited on a Thursday for Jesse Cornell's company and killer drinks, and ended up staying until close, hanging out with Jim and a few of his friends, the staff, and our fellow bar-goers. It was more like a party in your cool friend's awesome house than a night out at a restaurant bar. A bottle of prosecco started us off ($42, dry, fizzy, easy-breezy) since we were celebrating both a birthday and an engagement.  From there our crew demolished textbook Sazeracs, Bulleit Rye Manhattans and glass after glass of a smooth, polished Roero red that I wish I had written down. Of the eats we tried, the best was the Brussels sprout flatbread, all toasty and melty with cheese, as well as the roasted bone marrow appetizer -- two generous split bones full of sexy meat butter to spread on perfectly grilled, thick-cut slices of bread.  The salmon served over a beet farro was also delicious and light. Noting our scraped-clean marrow bones, chef Jim asked if we knew how to use them as a shot luge for sherry.  Once we managed to eek out a "No," (I was dumbfounded by this brilliant innovation),  Jim graciously poured a delicious sherry through the bone and into out waiting maws. The sherry picked up some of the fat from the bone, lending the already exquisite flavor a depth and richness that kicked it right over the top of culinary experiences. This place is not only tasty and makes great drinks, the ownership and staff really understand hospitality and how to make you feel right at home.  Thanks to everyone, we will surely be back.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/7/2012,184,72,11,9,4>Nothing new or ground-breaking to report. I got my second haircut in Philadelphia here a month or so ago. It was a really, really, really good haircut. I have multiple cowlicks (aka my hair sticks out in awkward ways) that have plagued me my whole life and relegated me to sleeping with only the most undesirable of women. Celine has a way of making the cowlicks blend into the rest of my hair.I'll be going back soon. She cuts my hair better than anyone else I've ever gone to in my whole life (excluding the 3rd grade when I had a rat-tail...you can't F with a rat-tail).
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/6/2012,169,704,4,12,4>To my fellow residents of the general Mac Dade Blvd area, and even to some of you a little farther away.... If you like crabs in any way, shape, or form, you have to give this place at least one shot.  It's just opened within the past couple of months.  I've been driving past it wondering what they were all about, and tonight decided to pull in.  On the outside, it doesn't look like much.  Just a humble storefront in a small strip.  And it's in a location where if you know this area well, a lot of businesses seem to have come and gone in this spot.  This one I think has the chops to stick.  Inside, it's actually quite a nice and clean dining area.  It's a few notches above a take out place, and it's BYOB.  But there's two things this place has going for it... food quality, which judging on what I had is out of this world, and friendliness of staff, which is outstanding.  They have a counter seating area which allows you to watch the chefs at work.  I always like that about some small places that do that.  Let's me get to see how they are making things.  I got to talk to the owner, Vince, at length and he strikes me as a real down to earth nice guy.  He could also pass for the drummer of any heavy metal band.  Yeah, he's one of us Delco guys for sure.  Now, while talking to him, I happened to mention that I never really learned to properly eat the Maryland Blue Crabs.  I tend to be a crab cake and crab dip kind of guy.  That is, I'll eat it gladly when it's already out of the shell.  Well, he offered to steam a couple of them up for us as a sample, and teach me how to really eat one.  It was a really nice gesture.  But I still had to see if the crab cake was up to snuff.  So it was a crab cake sandwich and Pappy's fries for me, with a steamed blue crab for dessert to sample.  So the great thing about the crab cake is that this isn't a place that pulls a couple of Mrs Paul's out of the freezer and drops them into the fryer.  No, they have a legit recipe which they top with melted butter and bake in an oven.  For the sandwich, they pop it on a Portugese roll, and serve it with the Pappy's fries which is a mix of parmesan and old bay.  Needless to say that sandwich never stood a chance in front of me!  It was a perfect sandwich, and I wouldn't hesitate to vote it as a Best of Delco.  What I really liked about the fries is that they didn't kill it with old bay like some places sometimes do (Chickie's and Pete's... are you listening?), and the blend with the parmesan was again perfect!After that, I got to properly learn the technique from Vince, and sample the blue crabs themselves.  Well, I'm a convert now.  I'm already organizing a group of people to go there to bring our own beer and order up a dozen or more.  So obviously I haven't tried the whole menu, but I will say that from what I saw, there were a number of people enjoying the fresh steamed crabs served up with dirty rice and corn on the cob (I caught a taste of the dirty rice too... nice Cajun kick to it), and I saw at least two Surf and Turf burgers go out which were big burgers topped with crab cakes and looked like they were out of this damn world!  If you don't like crabs, there are other choices for you such as the pretty good burger selection. Heck, I might have to go back there just to try the pierogies.  Pierogies and crabs might be a good meal combo.  So, really, here's hoping this place sticks.  This place has the potential to be a hidden gem on Mac Dade Blvd.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/4/2012,212,160,7,13,11>Did the kayaking tour two weeks ago on Saturday and had a great day. First time I've really kayaked, but this was an ideal location for a novice; nothing in the way of rapids, but there was a difficult spot or two, plus rowing up river was slightly strenuous (then it rained for a couple hours and made things much more tough).The tour starts behind the Manayunk Brew pub, right bellow the the railroad bridge on the banks of the Schuylkill river (they store all the boats and gear in a conex storage container off to the right of the tracks, just before you reach the canal), then you paddle up towards the Flat Rock Dam. Fighting the current was where the challenge comes in, but hugging the shore line and threading through the rocks will help lessen that, and taking a break at the Flat Rock formation should recharge the batteries. Still, if you"re new to the sport, I'd advise not doing this outing if it's rained a lot lately; just wait until you've had a good dry spell and your muscles will thank you for it later.The best part about the journey is that you can do almost nothing on the way back and the water flow will ensure you return in a timely fashion. They offer you the option of continuing down river towards the city for a longer outing, but that means you'll be fighting the current when you return, which was definitely not for this land lubber. Actually, the best part may be the way I felt afterwards while downing a trio of California Dreamin's at the Brew Pub; the trip includes brunch/lunch/or happy hour, depending on what time you go.  Getting your paddle on within the city limits is not too shabby.Pro tip: make sure your paddles aren't upside down when you're rowing. You wouldn't think that it's possible, but rookies like my brother and I found out the hard way that this was an issue. Upside down paddles for a third of the outing made controlling the kayak harder, causing us to snake back and forth instead of moving straight, and increasing our final distance traveled by much more than everyone else on the same trip
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/3/2012,44,100,3,5,3>Must.go.back. Everything from the food, to the drinks, to the service and decor was top notch. One reason it was so enjoyable is that it is not very "uppity", it is casual and friendly but the lighting makes it very intimate. It is a fun atmosphere that makes you want to keep ordering food so you don't have to leave. The menu changes a lot but I will highlight what we enjoyed. The sleeper of the menu is the Crispy Cana de Cabra, generally because it is classified as a salad. This is a spinach salad with beats, peaches, a nutty puree and vinaigrette nestled on top of the best fried cheese I have ever had. We ain't talking mozz sticks, we're talked goat cheese lightly breaded with a flavorful mix and lightly fried. It was light and the perfect texture with the salad. There was a pork flatbread which was dynamite. The juiciest tender pork with pickled cabbage and other stuff I couldn't concentrate on because I wanted to finish my piece and get a second. My final recommendation is the sweetest, literally. The Bunuelos are 4 warm Spanish donuts. Think of a round churro with a creamy center. They are sprinkled with sugar and sea salt and served with a coffee and chocolate ganache (sauce) which I could lick clean if it was socially acceptable. Also had a seafood paella special but due to popular demand, our waitress thinks will be added to the regular menu soon. It was huge with tons of clams, mussels, shrimp, and even some chicken. A very hearty portion. Seared watermelon and ham, very tasty and very light, good start to the meal. The sweet and savory really excites your tongue. Albondigas which are meatballs in a red sauce were also a nice contribution to our full belly. Our waitress was very helpful and did not shy from sharing her opinion on the menu which I appreciate as everything sounded very delicious. 5 stars at all levels!
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,11/2/2012,158,461,6,6,5>Shhhh don't tell anyone but this is one of the best Italian restaurants below the waist of the Garden State. Just for the record, here are some of the things that I look for in an Italian dining experience:Great Service   Reasonable Prices   Hospitable atmosphere   Delicious Food (and enough to ensure that I am not hungry when I am finished)   **Bonus points** for left overs. In a nutshell, Femmina is a sister location of Tarantella's (also delicious) located on Stokes road (out near da lakes). Femmina had all of these things and almost made me sad that #1 I haven't been coming here longer and #2 For so many years of me mentioning one of my favorite Italian spots, I couldn't mention Femmina (if only I had a time machine).So yes, YOU WILL be treated nicely, YOU WILL be served delicious bruschetta, bread, and garlic puffs before your order is even taken YOU WILL feel cozy, welcomed, and not rushed out the door (Did I mention they are BYOB) YOU WILL order the chicken principessa (chicken breast with prosciutto, eggplant, and mozz in a white wine sauce with macaroni) because I said so YOU WILL not leave hungry and will have enough leftovers for a few weeks if you are a small person and a few days if you are a big person.I'm done talking now.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,11/1/2012,151,303,4,4,5>Since I'm on a mission to try ALL the fish tacos on the Eastern Seaboard, I could not pass up Blue Cat. First things first -- Blue Cat gets bonus points for the paintings of the blue cat and black cat. It's also really bright and airy and cool inside. The service is perfunctory at worst and delightful at best. I LOVED the fish tacos. Dining partner Erin F. has asked me to stop talking about the jicama slaw on the side, but I will not stop talking about it. It's so refreshing yet peppery, I'll be damned if I don't try to recreate this at home. On a second visit I had the pumpkin seed granola with fresh fruit which was tasty but the portion size was too scrawny to warrant the price tag. I really like it -- a solid start.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,10/31/2012,195,334,5,9,7>I am so happy to have found Vge Cafe! They are part of a growing movement of vegan take-out and it warms my heart.The sandwich bread is wonderful LeBus bread that is so fluffy and not chewy. The bread will not exercise your jaw. While it is very fluffy, it is very big and can fill you up fast. Let me review what I have had there:The Bahn Mi: I call this sandwich a celebration of cilantro. If you like cilantro, you will love this. If you have even the slightest negative feeling about cilantro, avoid this sandwich at all costs. There is cilantro two ways: fresh cilantro and a cilantro dressing that really makes you know what ingredient is running the show. Apparently, they use the cilantro dressing on one of their salads. I would be intrigued to try that.The Cheesesteak: I had this as wrap because I was not hungry enough for all that bread. Decadent taste. Made the right way with Daiya mozzarella. Just the right amount of Daiya that runs along one side of the wrap. I like that they let the cheese have its own little area rather than try to intermingle it throughout the seitan.The Barbecue Seitan sandwich: Tastes very much like meat loaf. So let that be your guide. Not as good as the bahn mi or cheesesteak.The cheesecake: The slice is huge! I felt like I was at the Cheesecake Factory! Good but more of an alternative to cheesecake than tasting like cheesecake. That is a good sign because it tells me that no artificial flavor is involved. Comes with brownie pieces on top and a chocolate crust. A nice mild sweet taste. Next time I would cut it in half and save half for later.If you are on Lancaster in Bryn Mawr, you owe it to yourself to check out Vge.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2007,8/12/2007,43,148,1,5,2>Sharks and Minos!  This is where I spent EVERY summer as a kid from Memorial Day to Labor Day.  I went as a visitor from about age 4 and ended up becoming head lifeguard eventually in my high school years.  I'm pretty sure I never missed a day except for when it was closed due to a storm.It's a great little neighborhood pool that is not one of those giant clubs, but that is what I liked about it the most.  The pool is great for families to become friends, and I still remember all of my friends from there.There is a big pool and a kiddie pool.  In order to swim in the deep end, kids have to pass the "deep end" test.  There are tennis courts available and that's about it.  Bring some snacks, a deck of cards, and of course your swimming gear.  Be prepared to spend all of your summers here.  It's the best!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,8/11/2007,165,200,,2,>Great local college bar to have a burger and excellent fries. I think the food is pretty darn good!The place is HUGE and there are a lot of tables. Great place to go drink and eat bar food with a bunch of your friends. I would definitely bring friends here. Not a date though.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2007,8/10/2007,26,67,20,1,4>You haters are crazy.  This place rules.  It's the place Crow T. Robot and Tom Servo would go if they were single mothers on welfare. Most unforgettable experience was during a screening of  "The Devil Wears Prada," when I watched someone sneak in an entire family meal from Long John Silvers.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2007,8/9/2007,4,40,,3,2>We didn't make any reservation in advance so got seated around 11:30pm.  However, it's worth the wait!  It's because I am a huge fan of the old series of Iron Chef!  We told the waiter that we were from out of town and came there hopefully to meet Mr. Morimoto.  We were told that he was there earlier but had left the restaurant.In the middle of the meal Morimoto came back.  Better yet, he went to our table to chat with us!!!  How cool was that!  He said he's a big baseball fan and many baseball superstars came to visit his restaurant.  At the end we got to take a picture with him!Oh....about the food, it was great!  We ordered so many and didn't even make room for desserts.  We ordered a fancy dessert (sorry forgot the name of it due to martinis effect, it has ice-cream in it and costs around 20USD) and only had one scoop.  We doggy bagged the fish in clay pot with rice to our hotel and microwaved it the next day, its aroma filled up the whole room.  Better yet, it tasted so good even the next day!
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,8/7/2007,81,121,,7,5>As a continuation of my reviews geared for students or "work-from-homers", here goes....TABLES: Good assortment of small, medium and large tables.CHAIRS: Comfortable but hard. Two couches, two soft plushes.NOISE: Low noise.ESPRESSO: n/aTEA: Many refreshing tea choices!FOOD: Biscuits, croissant, sandwichesWi-Fi: FREEATM: nopeHOURS: 8am-9pm (10pm Fri, Sat) CLOSED SUNDAYS!ATMOSPHERE: Chill, quiet, large and rather sparsely populated.LIGHT: Tons of natural light because you are surrounded by windows.PERKS: Sit and surf for as long as you like.DOWNSIDE: This place is pretty ideal for studying! What can I say?
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,8/6/2007,19,57,14,12,17>I live on the same block as Ms. Tootsie's and the smell of their food has been a siren call for some time.  I finally submitted to my craving and paid them a visit last night.Wow.Everything was excellent - the service was quick and extremely friendly, the atmosphere was cozy, the fried catfish was perfect, the string beans had a spicy edge to them, and the mac and cheese served a reminder that what Kraft claims to be "mac and cheese," is really just a horrible imitation.  As an added bonus, the ice tea was homemade and came out in a collectable water bottle.  Wow.The only thing remotely negative was the price - expect to pay between $12-$18 for your entre.  But, the old saying is true, "You get what you pay for."One other thing....It's a shame this even has to be said, but Yelpsters of European ancestry should know that there's a strong chance that you'll be the only white person in the restaurant.  If this fact makes you uncomfortable, then that's all the more reason you should go.  Dr. King once said that a person should not be judged by the color of their skin.  Instead, they should be judged by the quality of their food.Well, maybe King didn't put it exactly that way, but I'm sure he would if he ate at Ms. Tootsies.  The quality of their food is excellent and the content of their character is even better - I definitely felt at home there.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,8/5/2007,24,33,10,4,14>So I'm in Philly (16th and Bainbridge) and it's like 6 pm and the cool kids I'm with have decided that we're going to make milkshakes tonight. So we're going to walk to the corner mart for milk. Milk-shakes. Get it? Well I decide out of the blue that I really need a gooey ridiculous cookie to go with my milkshake...so I spot Pumpkin on the way, and I go in.EVERYTHING was so clean and amazing-looking. They had the presentation and variety that makes you crave foods you haven't thought about in years...All of a sudden, I REALLY wanted to taste that funky dunky cold salad that was beautifully packaged in the display.But I had to focus. So I did.The cookies did not look too impressive, and they even had cut-up samples to taste...they didn't taste impressive either...but the market is so small and personable that you're compelled to buy something anyway. So i start looking around and I see some brownies...sure thing...I taste them, and they turn out to be the BEST brownies ever in life ever. EVER. So now I'm pumped. It's not the cookie I wanted, but it's a delicious baked good that will accompany my milkshake perfectly. So I dig in my pockets for some cash, and I come up short. I walk up to the register. I ask her:"Would it be totally obnoxious for me to pay for this ($1.50 brownie) with a credit card?"I braced myself for the brash east-coast growl..."I'm sorry, you can't. But you can pay me later..."WHAT?! WHAT?!I can pay her LATER?! I'm a big scary black man, folks. And this is PHILADELPHIA...Obviously, I was taken aback..."But there will be no later..." I say."Where do you live?""Los Angeles...""Just take it.""Excuse me?""Take the stupid brownie. It's delicious. I want you to have it."The rest is a blur. I thanked her 5,000 times and left with my friends who were just as stupefied.Recap:Best brownie in my life.Clean, enticing food choices and presentation.Nice, non-growling owner/attendantFREE BROWNIE.And sadly/deliciously the brownie never made it to the milkshake table.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,8/4/2007,2,6,,1,2>The Mutter Museum is at least as much a Philly staple as our famed Art Museum.  It is a must see for any out-of-towners with a strong stomach.  Its also a great place to take weak stomach in-laws if you want them to leave Philly with a sour taste in their mouths.  Personally, I've always found the experience to be quite educational.  You can see Grover Cleveland's tumor while learning about the secret presidential cover-up surrounding it.  You can also explore the wonderful world of dangerous pointy things that self-destructive and downright stupid people have swallowed throughout the centuries.  I recommend stopping by the snack shop before visiting their selection of malformed fetal anomalies.  Insider Tip: If your sense of the grotesque leaves little room for shock, I might advise attempting the experience on some high powered blotter like I did back in High School.  You will be amazed at how the little malformed fetal anomalies may wave back at you from the confines of their little formaldehyde jars.  Also, be sure to appreciate the 6 foot high marble facade in the foyer.  The way it swirls and undulates is truly an experience within itself.Say "Hi" to the Soap Lady for me!
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2007,8/3/2007,1,28,,3,2>This place is a Brazilian BBQ, very similar to Fogo De Chao, but more casual and authentic.  It's a BYO, so bring your own.  There is a small but excellent salad bar and they come to your table and serve various cuts of meat.  The salad bar was excellent.  I don't know what I was eating, but it was all good.  There was a lasagna type dish with chicken, cheese, corn, etc that was awesome.  Various rolls, one had meat inside.  There were mashed potatoes that I think had ham in it.  Anyway, just come with a sense of adventure and try everything.  One complaint is that not all the cuts of meat were great.  Some were tougher and fattier then others, but the meat was still very tasty.  The service of the meats was a bit slower.  I think there was only one server that came around the whole restaurant, so expect a laid back relaxed meal.  The meat may not be as great and the service may be a little slower then Fogo De Chao, but it's a lot cheaper.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,8/2/2007,28,181,5,1,2>You've got to hand it to MAC--their luscious eye shadows are pumped full of pigment, and it's to die for.  What's lamer than a shadow that looks vivid in the pot and actually shows up on the skin like a pastel baby powder?  You know what I'm talking about.  None of that nonsense at MAC.  What you see is what you get, and I want it all.Yes, prices are on the higher end... but you're paying for pigment & it's worth it.  As for lip stuff, skip it.  Glosses, paints, and sticks from Mary Kay, MAC, Lancome, and CVS all look the same; no one can tell the difference.  *Note the absence of the Dollar Store from that list.MAC loses one star for a hit-or-miss staff.  One evening I had the astoundingly good fortune of getting the only uninterested staffer.  While her eyes looked fab, she had no interest in helping me identify any stellar shades.  Meanwhile colleagues all around her were whipping their clients into color frenzy.  Lucky for her I don't need help to get super fly.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/18/2014,29,95,1,10,8>This is my favorite Ramen joint in Philly. I've been here a couple times and my experiences have always been great. The interior is nicely designed and the bathrooms are clean. The service is better than at most Chinatown locations. The chashu-filled onigri appetizer is good, but not very mind-blowing in concept. You get 1 per order and it is served with a side of spicy mayo. The gyoza is also good, but I'm not sure they make it fresh on premises. The pork buns, however, are really good. I usually get them steamed, but last time I went there, I also tried them fried. The fried version had an interesting texture, but they were really heavy and I would probably stick with the steamed ones next time I go there. As far as Ramen goes, I've always stuck with the Terakawa (signature) ramen. It is reliably delicious, with a rich, thick broth and plenty of toppings to last until the very last bite. These include roasted pork slices, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg. It's extremely satisfying to have a bowl of Ramen here whether on a cold or rainy day. The only downside is that the place is tiny and there is usually a wait. I'll have to go back to try more items and to find out when the least busy time to go there might be.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/17/2014,996,928,9,10,9>For too long, I've lived in darkness. My Thai food options were bleak, as a wizard had once cast a plague on Center City Philly, taming the curries and watering them down to atone for sins committed long ago. My time was the saddest time......until now.The existence of Thai place fills my heart up with joy and candy (metaphorically, of course. Candy would surely put me into cardiac arrest.) This is one of the only Thai places in PA that mixes flavor and heat perfectly when making a Thai red curry. All too often, a restaurant will sacrifice spice for spiciness and Thai Place strikes a striking balance. The curry isn't too watery. It's great.Their Tom Yum Gai Soup is strong. The broth hits you in the face. I really like it.The Thai iced tea is as good as any I've ever had.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/16/2014,112,203,7,9,10>That's it. It has been decided-I have found my new favorite neighborhood spot. It has long been a favorite gastropub of mine, still high up there in the rankings, for sure, but since moving into the Rittenhouse neighborhood, I have found a lot of places, just not a lot of places I wanted to return to multiple times a month. After a few visits I've found what I was looking for. A cozy bar, exceptional friendly servers and bartenders who will remember you and treat you like old friends, a CHEESE CART with one very, very knowledgeable cheesemonger, and a great selection of beverages ranging from some creative and well crafted cocktails, to classics, a nice wine selection, and yes-even "the champagne of beers," on tap. Not that I'm ordering that but... Gotta admit I liked seeing it on the chalk board. My fave bartender-shout out to Shane-is da bomb.Bonus points for sitting down at the bar, my favorite spot to sit, and none other than Chef Perrier sits down next to me. Just all casual like, ordering his beverage and chatting up some lucky ladies sitting at the other end of the bar. Yep, apparently he's a regular. That is saying a lot for an establishment, me thinks. I admit, I got starstruck. This place is so good I'm bringing the future inlaws here for dinner for their first visit to Philly in the near future. This is in your hands, Crow and the Pitcher. In your cheese cart I trust.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/15/2014,339,909,4,11,8>No. That wasn't George W. at the round table in the corner plotting his next move in the campaign to evict the British from the Original Thirteen.  Although the Inn named for his most daring plan feels like it might have been around to provide succor to our troops, it actually came later.  Still, if patriotic memories served with drink and sustenance are your thing, the Washington Crossing Inn will make you a very satisfied customer.  The place just feels so authentic and historically grounded that it is impossible not to have at least a moment of reflection about the birth of our nation fought and died for all around on this hallowed ground.  On a quiet Friday eve in August, when many were far away on vacation or at the shore, the WCI provides a nurturing and comfortable abode for a well made libation to accompany an equally crafted conversation.  We sat at the bar catching up on too infrequently overlapping lives, me enjoying a Padron Margarita Up No Salt.  It was tart, smooth and strong, without ice to dilute, nor salt to dry the lips.  It was so good I anticipated the second long before I was close to finishing the first.  The conversation became poignant, and my hunger asserted itself, so we agreed to move to a nearby hightop to enjoy a tavern meal as we imbibed and edged closer to the heart of our exchange.  My Tavern Burger was very good with Red Onion, Tomato, and Lettuce ensconced in a fresh Kaiser Roll.  It was dead-on medium as requested.  The accompanying French Fries (here France is still an ally to our cause), were plentifully crisp.  It was one of the better burgers I had eaten in the past year.  Together, the Rita and Burger were a perfect complement to unexpectedly meaningful evening.  For facilitating this exceptional moment in a wonderfully ambient historic environment, I genuinely felt this was as good as it gets.  Taken separately each element may have been less, but in its totality it was life affirmingly great!
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,11/14/2014,577,372,9,10,9>Thus far this has been the only place to make a reputable Carne Asada fries. Carne Asada Fries is a San Diego specialty and these guys make a great version of them. The staff is welcoming and a lot of fun to talk to. There's a back patio with a fountain which is nice when the weather is great. This place is a hidden gem in NoLibs hiding in plain sight on 2nd street just north of spring garden.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,11/13/2014,43,67,2,6,6>I have found a new restaurant to have a love affair with. I've been following them closely on Facebook waiting for them to open.....Upon walking in you are greeted immediately by the super friendly host. You can see the kitchen so no secrets are kept. I appreciate that in a restaurant. My party ordered the quack mac, blue duck sandwich, pork roll burger and both kinds of fries. We are still licking our fingers and wishing we ordered double of everything. If I had to complain about one thing it would be that the mac and cheese could have had a little bit more salt but I was very pleased. I can not wait to go back for brunch.I apologize for the lack of pictures but I ate the food before thinking of taking a picture
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,11/11/2014,58,214,4,4,3>Yes yes yes.  I've had blueberry, pumpkin and plain glazed.  The pumpkin was out of this word though the other two were nothing to sniff at.  Definitely eat them while they're hot or microwave them a little bit to warm them up if need be.  They're pillowy and the perfect amount of sweet.I can't wait to try all the flavors!
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,11/10/2014,143,288,2,11,7>Attention all those flying out of the Trenton-Mercer airport, stop here for a meal before heading to the airport!By reading the helpful advice from my fellow Yelpers, I knew that I needed to make a stop to get some food BEFORE heading to the airport (and I'm sure glad I did because the only food options were those icky 7-11 style premade sandwiches).  So we decided to stop in at Haley's, which was a short 5-10 minute drive from the airport.The first thing I noticed was the huge menu.  It was actually too large, in my opinion.  It's great to have a good variety of options, but when there are 12 chicken sandwiches that sound pretty much identical, it's tough to choose!  I went with the turkey sandwich with avocado, arugula, ranch dressing, and turkey bacon (although I asked for no turkey bacon- I'm not a fan).  At $9, I thought it was a bit pricey.  My husband went with the lemon pepper chicken wrap, with a side of cole slaw.  That too was $9.When our food came out, I realized why the prices were a tad high- the portions are a very decent size.  I really enjoyed my sandwich, although the avocado slices were not quite ripe.  My husband really liked his wrap and I ended up eating most of the cole slaw because it was really good (and definitely homemade).I would definitely recommend stopping in for a bite to eat before your flight-- the portion sizes are generous enough to keep you full, no matter where your vacation plans are taking you!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2014,11/9/2014,22,73,7,10,8>A fine place for breakfast.  The first word that comes to mind is "throwback".  Your small town breakfast nook that plays host to a lot of newspaper holding regulars.1. Cash only.  There is a small newsstand next door that has an ATM.2. Love the awning in the middle of the restaurant that hangs above the larger communal table that runs down the center.3. Service is always very good.  They make sure you have ketchup, hot sauce and everything you need to enjoy your breakfast.  Very polite and welcoming.4. It was great to see an employee in the back slicing fresh tomatoes.  Fresh ingredients are always a good sign.5. Fresh rolls!6. Always fun to watch the regular customers and staff interact.7. Very small food prep/kitchen area.  Somewhat fascinating how they get it all done in such a confined area.8. It did take a little bit longer than expected to receive my order.  Most of the customers here though seem to be of the very patient kind.9. The oldies are played from an old boom box located on the back counter of the restaurant.  Pretty sure that I heard the owner singing along as well, he wasn't bad.10. All of your traditional breakfast offerings including scrapple, a Philadelphia favorite.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,11/8/2014,157,147,16,18,15>I'm starting this review with a caveat: we just booked our wedding here...but this is a brunch review. (As far as the wedding coordinating goes, so far, so good.) My mom, son and I visited the inn for Sunday brunch. We didn't have reservations but we were accommodated immediately by the friendly host who found a large table for us after a party cancelled. Our waiter, Christian, was phenomenal from start to finish. He was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The food was plentiful and delicious. There are two rooms of food so I recommend using the walk to burn some calories lol. Previous Yelp photos of the spread are still accurate.  My mom was disappointed that they didn't have any turkey breakfast products but the carving station did include smoked turkey and roast beef for the non-pork eaters. Overall we had a wonderful visit and even received a visit from my wedding coordinator who remembered all of our names. (We just met her Friday so she's already better than me lol). Bravo William Penn Inn. Until we meet again.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,1/5/2012,82,230,4,7,1>At Crisp, you won't find the same quality falafel ball that you can at Mama's. You won't get an impassioned lecture on QUALITY like you will at the cart on 20th & Market. But Crisp struts into Philly's falafel world with something unique: choices.There's the standard sandwich with fresh veggies and hummus. Or the Athenian, with yogurt, olives, and feta. Or the Mexican, with guacamole, nachos, corn, and jalapenos. Or the African, with peanut sauce and sweet potatoes. You can get these choices, and more, as a salad. Or build your own. Or substitute something. You get a choice of white or wheat pita, and the wheat pita is light and airy meaning I can eat a whole sandwich without feeling like I have a concrete block in my stomach.The menu sounds a little strange, as if Crisp is trying too hard to be different, but their combinations work well, and the overall experience can be so different from the competition that it's hard to compare. As a bonus, they serve your sauce (tahini or otherwise) on the side, so the sandwich doesn't turn into a drippy mess unless that's what you want. Hey, choices!At $7-$9 per sandwich, more for a salad, cost is a little bit steep, but you're buying QUALITY, and as anyone who's been to the crazy falafel man's cart knows, QUALITY is worth the cost.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/4/2012,52,162,2,4,5>I thought I'd share my wonderful experience at Alma de Cuba for my 100th review. Whoohoo!My boyfriend and I ate here for restaurant week after hearing so many good things about it from friends. It was pretty crowded inside, so we had to talk a little louder than normal to have a conversation. The decorations were very clean and romantic.We started with the smoked heirloom tomato gazpacho and ensalada de tierra verde. Our waitress warned us the the gazpacho is a cold soup because some people are caught off guard by that, which I thought was nice of her. It was very unique and unlike anything I ever had before. I'm a huge fan! My boyfriend enjoyed his salad (I can't comment - I hate salad).For the main course, I had a pork chop. I enjoyed it until I had a bite of my boyfriend's vaca frita. It was one of the best pieces of beef I've ever had, perfectly tender and juicy, and matched perfectly with its sides. The pork chop was good, no doubt, but it just couldn't compare to the vaca frita, which was arranged with its sides to look like a flag on the plate.We finished the meal with some carrot cake. Our waitress and host were both wonderful and we had a really nice and romantic dinner. I'll have to make him take me back!
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,1/3/2012,279,288,4,11,7>My terrible experience with a Beadworks employee prompted me to look for another bead store in the city and Foreign Bazaar is what I found.They have an extensive collection of findings and beads -- though $1.99+ per bead is kind of steep.I walked out with three strands of beads (average of $10 each) and a box of lavender incense ($10.99 for 200 sticks). I also joined their reward/loyalty program: spend $50 on merchandise and they give you $10 in store credits.The people who work there are so nice! Something that some people should learn from. I'll be back!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,1/2/2012,41,190,2,4,4>I was walking back with my boyfriend from the art museum, and we needed to kill some time before a show at the World Cafe.  I dreamt of a place where I could cozy up by a fire, drink a nice drink, and snack a little bit.  I searched my yelp app for "fireplace," and the Dandelion Pub was listed first.  Hoping the review meant Dandelion did, indeed, have a fireplace, we meandered our way to the pub.  It was around 5 on a Sunday, so it was quiet inside.  Upon entering, we found the fireplace immediately!  I was overjoyed.  No one was sitting there (thankfully to our 5 pm Sunday arrival).  Our server was super nice.  We ordered a pitcher of dark and stormys....she said that sounded like it'd be a fun time.  It was!  We also got a side of the swiss chard and parsnips, and the salmon appetizer.  The parsnips were really amazing.  I'd never had one before - they are so meaty.  I love trying new veg and being inspired to cook it myself.  The swiss chard was great too, though perhaps a bit too oily/buttery for my taste.  I never like salmon, so I was not super in love with the cured salmon app.  The dark and stormys were delicious too.  At $38 a pop, it's not cheap... but I was appropriately buzzed.  I'd say there were about 5 glasses in the pitcher.  The fireplace was well-tended by our "fireplace wench."  She added a log to the flame two or three times over the course of the meal.  The vibe inside is delightful; a dimly-lit, old English pub.  I felt transported back to the days of Charles Dickens.We concluded the meal with a piece of pumpkin pecan pie.  A bit underwhelming.  But I'm so in love with the fireplace that I'll return for relief from the cold that will inevitably insue this winter.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,1/1/2012,32,331,8,7,5>Yes, yes, I'm coming out of Yelp retirement to give these ladies a shout.  Today I was desperate to find some nice gloves for my momma, so I put that solitary word in the Yelp search engine.  This place came up.  I think "Hmmm....that sounds like a place for those who adorn themselves with pants of the fanciest nature."  Then I read the reviews, which made it sound much more approachable and close to Friendlytown.I went in, and it's super adorable.  And sure enough, all the store girls were sweet as plums.  I did not inquire about their pits.  Alas, I did not find nice lady leather gloves for my mom, but I was taken in by the soooo sofffttt scarves, and reasonably priced cute, craftsy jewelry.  After I had finished gossiping with the girls, they boxed up my scarf real purdy and I trotted on my way.  I'll be back to check out the new wares they get in, and you should go there too.FIN
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2010,12/31/2011,52,53,4,9,4>This is the Natalie Portman of wine shops - small and perfectly formed.  It's not a large place with every wine under the sun (for that, see 'Total Wine' - the Christina Hendricks of wine stores) - but they always have a well-curated selection from Europe, South America, and the US.  The brothers Moore visit each label that they carry and develop a close relationship with the winemakers who produce them.  This relationship is apparent when you ask questions of the staff - they seem to know every detail of every wine, including which foods pair best.  The other benefit of this relationship is that occasionally they will score a super-limited wine or something expensive marked way down... Example:  a few years ago they were blowing out a beautiful, revelatory 89 Vouvray for $30 when it easily could have sold for $300 elsewhere.Prices have inched up over the years, but at Moore one can still find good QPR buys in the $10-15 range... and some superb wines in the $15-25 range.This is my favorite wine shop!   I always end up with solid wine and +1 wine knowledge.PS. Sign up for their mailing list.  They send around 1-2 emails per week listing sale items as well as fanciful descriptions of said wines, dinners with their wives, travel stories, etc.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,12/30/2011,828,1172,5,6,9>In three words - Nom Nom Nom!Much like Paesano's, Jake's is a place that takes all preconceived notions of Philly sandwich shops, and tosses them straight out the window! why add on some heat to your steak sandwich with basic hot peppers, when you can go with homemade fire sauce and GHOST PEPPERS? Why limit yourself with regular toppings when there are things like peanut butter, wasabi, sunny side eggs, and homemade roasted garlic spread to utilize. Jake's is a place that really likes to kick things up a notch and it does it well!If you're looking for a pig out sandwich you can go with one of their many pulled pork sandwiches that utilize whole roasted pig; one of seven varieties of game changing cheesesteaks, specialty sandwiches like the TURBACON, and then some! but they also have plenty of leaner sandwiches and even feature a solid veggie option in the Farmer's Market. Toss in some enticing fountain sodas, delicious shakes, and sides that range from your typical fries to mini potato pancakes; and Jake's is a place that gives you more to love. Especially if you're adventurous enough to go for the Five Pound Philly Challenge - jakessandwichboard.com/J!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,12/29/2011,400,308,11,15,12>One of the best nights out I have had in recent memory - and I was rolling solo!  I must give props to the most elegant and gourmet machine that is COOK.  COOK is the brainchild of one Audrey Claire and along with her lovely team in tow, Lily and Jackie, COOK is a kitchen-classroom that offers all sorts of culinary classes and dining experiences in an intimate setting.  What sets COOK apart though, is that the classes are all taught by visiting experts in their field, amongst them local celebrity chefs from your favorite local Philadelphia restaurants, like Le Bec Fin's George Perrier, Zahav's Michael Solomonov, Bibou's Pierre Calmels (squee!), and R2L/MidAtlantic's Daniel Stern.  COOK runs the gamut of gourmet in their offerings:  like all sorts of different ethnic cuisines curated by those in the know-how, knife skill classes (nunchuck skills,um.. just kidding), tea classes, gluten free dining, pastry classes, mixology, vino, etc - whatever your little hungry (and thirsty) heart desires.   The space is simply gorgeous, sleek and home-y at the same time, with a large high-end gourmet kitchen and kitchen bar that seats up to 16 people.  COOK is also a kitchen tools and gourmet foodstuff boutique, and a bookstore too! (foodie porn at its best with some amazing cookbook and magazine selections).  Even the bathroom is pretty (and smells good too, true story).I was here on a particularly cold rainy Friday night after a horrendous week at work.  COOK rescued me in the most perfect way possible,  by putting a perma-smile on my face, teaching me quite a few things in the way of cooking and filling me up with delicious French cuisine at the hands of  Bistrot La Minette's Peter Woosley (who is raw, hilarious, and super talented), while imbibing perfectly selected spirits, a Kir Royale to start, followed by a sparkling, delicate chardonnay, pinot noir and port to round off the most perfect evening.I really love this place.  I want to be here every Friday, weekend, I want to have parties here, I want to call the kitchen my own, move in and curl up with a cookbook in their window seats. I want to to go to every class.  I want to work here.  Are they hiring? I am a bonafide COOK groupie.  You heard it here first.Don't be discouraged by the price of the classes.  How can you beat a one-on-one experience with some of the best known names and talents in this business?  It is worth every penny and more - a total new and refreshing way to get your eat, drink and fun on (minus the nunchuck classes, of course!).
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,12/28/2011,96,186,5,6,6>I LOVE LOVE LOVE Chutney Co. Aka, Chuts. Aka, Chutties. So good!Except the chai that I had today. It was like hot milk with a little bit of flavor. In case you haven't picked up in my previous reviews, I am somewhat of a tea snob. Although I am not an expert in chai, this was pretty bland, for what is typically such a robust tea. Oh well. I don't have the heart to dock it too many stars, but just wanted to express my feelings on it.Also, the samosas here are MASSIVE and massively delicious. My friend and sometimes lover Alexandra W. had this cauliflower jawn that was texturally much like like General Tso's and looked like sweet & sour chicken, and had cilantro sprinkled throughout. And I love cilantro.I am a creature of habit and typically always get the same masala dosa with mango chutney. But it felt good to get outside the dosa today. Also, the mango lassi is mad tasty (which I was given for free once after my order was lost in the shuffle).
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,12/27/2011,212,160,46,22,19>I think the first thing I should do is provide a disclaimer for that star rating: strictly speaking, my evaluation falls more under the "Yay! I'm a fan" description of four stars than the quality those stars would normally bring to mind... I've not been in Lou Turk's hallowed hall for a few years, but when I was apprenticing, the journeymen would force me to celebrate freaky Friday there with them weekly. As far as quality of performers go, think of this place as a cheesesteak shop in comparison to LeBec Fin; you can get a very satisfying quality meal, but it's not exactly something you'd be bragging about to everyone you meet. Basic dive bar type setup (generic domestics and well drinks), and pricing is relative to that, so you can get a pretty good load on for a pretty fair price. Some would say that is the end of the prettiness you'll find there, but all women are beautiful, so you can definitely find some diamonds here, just less on the weekdays at noon (when the butts start shaking) than on Friday or Saturday at 9pm. Bottoms never come off here but areolas are fully flaunted, private dances are allegedly $20 (but I've never been there when someone got one) and though the stage is behind the bar, when the ladies come around after dancing to collected private tips, things can get a tad wild... This was the first gentleman's club I was ever admitted to, and the fellows who brought me there felt it was their duty to educate me in the ways of the perve, so I feel it is only right that I pass on a few moves to those of you not in the "know". Remember, these are just normal ladies, so try not to be too much of a jerk when enjoying the show, many of them are there supporting families.1. The fish hook: When the dancer is coming around in her bra and panties to get paid post-performance, she will offer you three deposit ports; chesticles, booty, and then front side-down low. When offered the teat, take your dollar with your index and middle finger and slide it between her garment and skin, then, looping your pinky like a J, you hook the nipple on the way out. Strippers are anti-fans of this move, and you'll likely only have one chance to execute it before word spreads that you are a creeper, so plan your actions accordingly. 2. The Stork: At any point when you wish to reward a good show, fold your bill longways down the center, then moisten your nose on both sides with saliva or beer, and apply said bill. Liquid will adhere the cash to your schnoz, extending your natural length by a good three inches, and give you the semblance of having a stork beak. How you have the lovely lady remove your "bill" is up to you, but she has a few pinch points to work with and will usually oblige. 3. Work the bartender: On many of my sojourns here the hottest employee was actually the ex-dancing cougar of a bartender. Work the conversation right with her and you could be getting flashes (often with the permission to fondle) for whatever price you've negotiated: silver tongues may go for free, a-holes could be charged as much as $40 The final bit of advice I offer should almost go without saying. They serve food here, but I cannot bring myself to dine at a venue such as this, so thankfully a Wawa is located directly across the street for scoring all your victuals.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,9/1/2008,12,74,6,7,4>I like sneakers.Three floors.  Current layout as follows.1st floor:  Men's and ladies kicks up front.  Nike, Puma, Adidas, Reebok, Clae etc.  Toys and men's apparel to the aft.  Undefeated, Alphanumeric, Futura Laboratories, aNYthing, Kid Robot, etc.  2nd floor:  Vans and Chucks to the right.  Sales merchandise and "gallery" to the left.3rd floor:  Stussy shop..I'll say it again.  I like sneakers.  A lot.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,8/31/2008,136,289,,7,5>Foster's is marvelous! It is a great place to find housewarming or birthday gifts. Cute card selections as well. The store has a nice mod/retro feel to it. They carry Global knives (my fave) as well as other fine cooking goods. They also have cute trinkets a la Newbury Comics in Boston. Like I said before, great store to find gifts and not too expensive either.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,8/30/2008,425,275,11,15,13>I just cant sit here and let my mall get dissed like this. Ok, weve established its not King Of Prussia, but guess what, I find KOP to be quite pretentious. i had to kill a couple of hours in there and I was hard pressed to find a store that didnt make me want to puke.   Granite run is the common mans mall. All i need is a book store, a record store a videogame store, a toy store for the kids, and a place to get something to eat.( also a Victorias Secret where I can ogle half nude mannequins) Over and done.   But, im a guy and malls are for women the same way weddings are for the bride. Someone gave one star yet called it "my mall' and proceeded to tell good memories of the place. To me this counts as a little more than one star. C'mon! lets give this old friend a break.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,8/29/2008,1,10,,6,5>Our tiny pup has a medical file that weighs more than he does.  Bringing him up to Philly from DC, we were nervous we might not find a vet who would take the time to understand his long and complicated history, but we underestimated Queen Village Animal Hospital. Not only have they been able to accommodate our work schedules with later appointments several nights a week, but we're able to see the same doctor each time - a real asset when taking your pet in for more than one visit for the same issue.  Rates are more reasonable than they ever were in DC, wait times aren't very long, and Dr. Yaloff especially is a smart, caring and sensible doctor.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,8/28/2008,29,62,5,14,9>I go to the Penn Valley Pub (or just, the pub) with the 'rents probably once a month, it's like our little hang-out.  I've been eating here for years, so it seems only fitting that I write up a glowing Yelp review.THE LOCATION / ATMOSPHERE:Right there on Montgomery Ave., in warmer months you will see folks in outdoor seating, it's a somewhat unassuming little brick building which might be hard to spot if you've never been there before.  As some reviews have hinted, it's small, and in fact sometimes it gets a bit crowded with people waiting for a table.  I don't mind its size, it adds to the warm neighborhoodly atmosphere.  You'll see clientelle of all types (as diverse as the Main Line can be...), so expect kids and old folks to be just as common as teens and young professionals.  The atmosphere is great-- dark wooden textures and a fully stocked bar, with flatscreens showing whatever sport is on at the moment-- great for Phils games, or as indicated above-- just hanging out with friends, in fact dinner with the 'rents or in-laws has never been so pleasant!Also, they sometimes have a trivia night, which is not only fun but surprisingly unintrusive-- you don't have to play if you don't want, and in fact we don't, but we enjoy hearing the questions and what not...one of these days, team West Dartmouth will get it together.THE FOOD/DRINKS:Phenominal food, the Pub is famous for its wings, they're not blow-your-top spicey, but the fried-in ranch texture and taste is unlike anything you've had elsewhere.  Hunter also caught their roasted peppers too-- it's rare you comment on a detail so minor as the roasted peppers and oil they bring out with the bread, but they really are delicious.I've eaten many of their offerings over the years-- staples like the burgers and pulled pork sandwiches, their chicken caesar, etc.  I also love to explore the entrees and specials, however, which are generally very very good (any problems I've had with it were likely based on my tastes, not their food).  I've found that the menu is constantly changing, with new additions popping up all the time.  For those seeking American comfort or pub food, there is definitely going to be something on the menu for you and with so much to choose from, you'll be bound to return again soon.Drinks are equally good-- for such a small place, they have quite a comprehensive bar, as it lines the entire right wall of the place.  Sometimes I'll go with my usual vodka cranberry, but recently, I've been exploring their brews, with all the usual ones, but also some great imports like Leffe Blond, which I was recommended as I walked in and my parents ran into some friends, I ordered there and enjoyed a lot.THE BOTTOM LINE:It's that great little hangout, even people like Morgan Freeman know about...yes that's right, Morgan himself has been known to drop in a few times, including one night I was there a couple months ago.  I was absolutely star-struck and I didn't even say a freakin' thing to him!  But that he has been known to stop in on occasion means that even he is aware of how great a pub this place really is.  I couldn't find anything I don't like about it worth taking away from this stellar 5-star rating...do yourself a favor and go check it out!
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,8/27/2008,10,46,4,6,8>This is my current favorite place. In the world.For the past 3 weekends I've come here for breakfast on Saturday mornings. My friend and I get a table outside and drink $1.85 coffee with $0.60 refills and talk. And play chess. And talk some more. There are rickety wooden tables that need to be propped up with a woodchip on one leg, some of the chairs are broken. There are cute little kids and annoying little kids and the hipsters and young hip mamas heading to the farmers market.I've also come here alone in the evenings, got a cup of decaf and enjoyed the dusk. I've never felt uncomfortable about taking a table or chair.The Green Line might not have the best coffee beans or brew or the hippest baristas or even wifi, but in spite of this, or perhaps because of it, to me it is everything that a city in the summer should be.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,8/26/2008,38,42,10,11,12>my bloody valentine. yup, on their jukebox. enough said. i love this place for brunch. i like the crowd. i like how they serve all their brunch sandwiches with not skinny strips of bacon, but thick slices of pork bliss! mmmmmm. my friends and i go here for brunch because there are usually a few veggie choices for them and we can sit in a big booth and just catch up. they don't make iced coffee, but our waiter was a doll and he made them. :)i got french toast with cherries on the side. it was sweet enough without the cherries, but it was all yummie. standard is the perfect place to start your saturday morning. any morning that starts with a bacon mountain is a good morning. :)
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,8/25/2008,7,86,1,7,6>The owner of this store is an amazing guy, very friendly and helpful as is the Manager.  Having gotten to know them since my daughter was born, I highly recommend not just the toys and dolls but the people who run the shop.  Great selection of simple toys that have universal appeal to kids and parents alike.  Not a lot of loud, battery operated junk here, just good old fashion American made toys.  I'm heading down there soon to purchase my daughters first set of blocks, with Russian lettering as well as English!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,8/23/2008,174,372,3,6,6>Carshare is a wonderful non-profit program in Philly!  I have been using their services for a year now, and absolutely love it!  I sold my Jeep and am not purchasing a vehicle until I leave Philly...Ease of Use - Excellent.  They offer services via telephone and internet.Cleanliness of Vehicles - Good.  They can be a touch dirty inside and out.Fleet - Great.  They have the largest fleet of hybrid cars in Philly.Convenience - Awesome.  There are 8 pods within 2 blocks of my apt.Price - Outstanding!  The hourly rate includes parking, gas, and insurance!I have recommended them to many people!  Though I still have a carbon-footprint on our environment, with CARSHARE I feel like I'm leaving smaller imprints...
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,8/22/2008,58,190,3,7,5>who looks forward to going to the doctor?  frankly i usually only go when something's broke but in the case of modern eye i am great on keeping up with my regularly scheduled appointments because i love going to see them.  i could try on frames all day.  the staff is totally helpful and honest with the frame selection.  and i love that they will steer you away from the boring, safe frames.  i have a pair from them with a lime and purple grid pattern, and i get more compliments on them than i've gotten on any other item in my entire life.  people LOVE those glasses, perhaps more than i do.  :)nothing painful about the eye appt, and they're extremely thorough with checking you out and making sure the prescription is right.  i see bryan (doesn't even go by dr such-and-such) and i recommend to anyone that will listen to go see him.  the whole experience is just comfortable and not doctory at all.  one of my all-time favorite businesses in philadelphia.  GO!!!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,2/15/2012,250,550,11,6,6>Everything about Green Aisle Grocery is phenomenal.  Pretty much any artisan food product available in Philly (and NYC, to an extent), you can find here. Whoever is working behind the counter will tell you all about where they source stuff from, make recommendations, just generally talk your ear off about their product. Its like the fancy version of an Old West general store, except they don't sell ammunition or bourbon... yet.Momofuku Milk Bar stuff? Yeah. Le Virtu charcuterie? Yup.Prepared foods from Cafe Con Chocolate, Zahav hummus, Jinja? All of that stuff, too.BUT, no matter what you may have heard, they definitely do NOT stock duck prosciutto. Nope. Total lie. Don't even ask about it.  (Its all mine!)
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/14/2012,224,778,2,6,4>All the props in the world to owner Melissa for creating the concept behind Cookie Confidential! (not to mention Undercover Cupcake and Blackmarket Brittle, both of which I have yet to try, but there's a first time for everything).  In here you can find the most unique cookie flavors on the face of the earth--from sriracha mango to bacon to peanut butter hot dog, and my favorite flavors thus far: apple chai and strawberry shortcake.  I stopped in for the first time with a friend from Korea who had only one day to spend in Philly, so he picked up a dozen cookies (which included one of each flavor from the entire selection in the case) for him to share with his friends who were in town with him.  The layout of the shop is reminiscent of your friend's basement where you'd have those secret club meetings (get it?) or an old warehouse she decided to fix up and have parties in (which I could definitely see happening in the shop!), complete with a bakery behind the counter, an ice cream counter, and ample seating for customers.  Even though shop hours are limited, she still gets 5 stars just for her unique business approach.  One thing to keep in mind--if you need a mass amount of cookies for an event or if you'd just like to surprise a friend or loved one with some fun flavors they haven't yet tried, special orders and event catering are available!
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,2/13/2012,162,175,8,5,10>I keep forgetting about this place, and that is a damn shame. I used to come here all the time when I interned up in Northern Liberties a few years ago and have only been back once since moving up that way. Firstly, they have bubble tea. I like bubble tea. I especially like coconut bubble tea. Their bubbles are consistently good, which is a recurring issue I've come across in my bubble tea exploits. Secondly, they have these adorable little things called pocket sandwiches. Not because they're meant to be put in one's pocket, but because the sandwich ingredients are sealed inside, like a pocket.I like it here.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,2/12/2012,22,110,14,10,9>I'm a crazy cat lady / statistical programmer.  I am not cool.  The yelp reviews mentioning the resident cat influenced my decision to come to fringe.  But I am super glad that I did.  Salons often make me feel even more uncool than I actually am.  People who become stylists are generally good at hair/makeup/style (that is why they are called stylists).  I am not good at those things, so I often feel judged and uncool at salons.  Cool stylists look at me with mild disgust in my frumpy clothes.  Fringe didn't make me feel that way.  In fact, they made me feel kind of awesome.  The people were nice.  The cat was nice.  The haircut made me feel/look cool (or as cool as a statistical programmer / cat lady can).  It was all good.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,2/11/2012,527,295,5,6,8>Everything you'd wantA city maintenance meccaAlways a fun tripIf you live in the area and open your eyes when you're walking around, you've definitely seen this place. It's the one with the trash cans, brooms and shovels all over the sidewalk and the window full of cleaning supplies. If you've ever needed something small, random and in a very specific size, you're probably even been here.Rittenhouse Hardware is what happens when some post punkers and indie kids decided they were gonna grow up. They got together to open a business and decided to be super snarky and, at the same time, super helpful. The place is filled floor to ceiling with everything a city-dweller could want. No you can't buy lumber here (at least I don't think you can,) but you can get pretty much anything you'd ever need to ix up your place. There's a ton of different stuff littering every square inch of the place, and it's occasionally hard to find anything at all. There's always more than one person working, and they're almost always talking about food. Ordering, just finishing, or thinking about going somewhere to eat. Which I'm okay with.There's always a conversation going on, and friendly banter makes the place feel kind of homey. The staff is conversational and easily approachable, and they definitely know their stock. They'll also help you figure out a workaround or other solution if they don't stock what you're looking for. Which is rare.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,2/10/2012,439,341,2,7,6>I used to live two blocks from the terminal, my best friend and I always forgot there was a beer garden within the space and when we would remember we'd promise to come back when there weren't old men sitting in the dark secluded spot. It just seemed so out of place and not the kind of drinking den that we might typically enjoy. Now that I don't live as close, I wish that I did again....Molly Malloy's has totally upgraded this space into an awesome oasis in the middle of the foodie's oasis that is the market. A giant 3-sided bar sits at one end of the space while the rest is made up of high bar tables around the perimeter and lower tables taking up the rest of the floor. When crowded it can feel cramped, but because of it's open-air nature it never feels unbearably claustrophobic.Food prices? Completely justified. Safe to say much of the menu is in the $10 range with some items below and some above, regardless you're not doling out tons of cash to enjoy a quality meal. One dining companion ordered a burger that he said was really enjoyable though cooked more than he had originally asked, we think this was due to the fact that my other friend made a last minute switch in canceling his burger for a grilled cheese. With one canceled medium well and one lingering medium rare, it seemed that the wrong done-ness was nixed from the order. Regardless he didn't speak much while consuming his lunch, so I'm guessing it was still really good.After my boys had placed their order for lunch it was all on me, I was so torn, do I get the burger? Do I get the grilled cheese? Decisions decisions that I left in the hands of our server Kevin. "Kevin, what do I get?" to which he replied that the grilled cheese was hands down the winner and that he had in fact eaten one for lunch earlier. So with Kevin's gusto for the grilled cheese I went ahead and settled on my sammie. Now, when they call this sandwich "Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese", they're so not F*ing kidding. Forget the days of buttered bread toasted in a pan to melt your only so-so american cheese....no....no no....I may abstain from all other grilled cheese because one bite into this brioche bunned sandwich and it's a whole goat cheese spinach explosion in your mouth. I actually did not feel the least bit badly about my hot gooey cheesey decision solely because of the amount of spinach on this bad boy. In my palatable opinion, the fennel and onion jam were a little lost on this sandwich...if the flavors were a bit more pronounced I may have had a When Harry Met Sally restaurant moment, for that it's probably better that it stay an understated compliment. I can't say for certain that my grilled cheese co-orderer felt the same way about his sandwich, but if the fact that he inhaled his in in a matter of minutes is any indicator I'd say it was a two-thumbs up on the consumption scale. I am so happy that the space that is Molly Malloy's is now being used in such a constructive fashion, it brightens up and airs out the sometimes neglected by myself back area of the marketplace and turns out some stellar pub grub. Will I be back? Absolutely...they accept LevelUp as payment which means I have a credit that is burning a whole in my iPhone. So who's in...who wants to squire me to MMs for a grilled cheese?
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,2/9/2012,170,347,2,10,6>My favorite thing about 10 Arts was that it was a great place to dine alone. I often find myself on my own and looking for a nice meal, but some places - especially those without bars - just don't feel right for solo dining. 10 Arts was not only non-awkward, they made me feel especially welcome. While it's not an inexpensive lunch spot, the service and ambiance justify the price tag. The restaurant is in the lobby of the Ritz Carlton and is both beautiful and comfortable. I had been for dinner before, when the lighting is low and the rich reds and purples of the decor more intense. In the light of day, the ambiance is still rich and pretty but not as intense. The seating is plush and comfy - I enjoyed being able to relax into the couch-style seating at my table while enjoying my meal!I planned to try the $22 lunch tasting menu, but ultimately decided against it as they did not have the lobster roll on the day I visited (I am guessing that Hurricane Irene may have effected their ability to procure crustaceans - the crab in the soup I ordered was replaced by shrimp, as well). My meal began with good bread with very, very good butter. I ate more bread than I intended because it was such a good vehicle for the butter. Mmm, buttery goodness. That was followed by a chilled carrot soup, which was thick and flavorful with a generous serving of large shrimp. (It was not quite as amazing as Sam's chilled carrot soup at Sycamore, but that's not really a fair benchmark now is it?). I also wanted to try the mini soft pretzels that were available as part of the tasting menu, and was able to order them as a side with my burger - unexpected but appreciated! I really liked the pretzels, they were a nice size and the pretzels themselves were full of flavor. I loved the jalapeno jam; the cheddar dipping sauce was good but could have used a little something (beer? hot sauce?). The burger was cooked exactly as requested and was messy and delicious. I'm not exactly sure what was served on it, but it had a lot of great flavor - definitely worth going back for. Service was attentive without being overbearing. I felt genuinely welcomed by everyone, from the hostess to my waitress to the server who brought my bread basket. It's clear that they choose their staff well and hold them to a high expectation for service - I'm surprised by how brusque or just inattentive servers have sometimes been even at Philadelphia's best restaurants, so it is a great pleasure to dine somewhere that clearly values their customers' experiences. I'll be back!
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,2/8/2012,33,139,8,13,9>If fine food is your passion and you haven't been to Majolica, get your butt in your car and head for Phoenixville right now. Well, you might want to make a reservation first. But do it now. If you are in the restaurant business and you want to learn how it should be done, go there and watch, listen, taste... pay attention. This place is all about food for people who love food.Chef Andrew Derry is some kind of friggen insane maniacal food genius. I like food that surprises me with vibrance and creativity. Food that makes me smile. On several occasions, the food here has given me a permagrin that I worried would have to be surgically removed.On one occasion I had a steak that was among the best I've ever had. And it was served with the most amazing mushrooms I've ever had the pleasure to consume. We were the last to leave the restaurant that night, so I stopped to thank the chef and I asked him about the mushrooms. He not only told me where he got them, but he gave me the web address where I could buy some. Oh, and then he put a generous portion of those delicious fungi in a bag for me to take home. I not only had a memorable dinner that night, but the next morning I had a most splendid mushroom omelet.   The wait staff is exceptionally knowledgeable of the menu and enthusiastic about it. As they should be.And the huge bonus for oenophiles? Majolica is BYOB with no corkage fee. God I love BYOB! Not only can I enjoy the finest food in the area, I can bring a ridiculous bottle of wine to enjoy it with. So dust off that special bottle in your cellar and bring it to Majolica, knowing you've finally found a place worth pairing it with.Five stars for Majolica. I wish I could give it six!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,2/7/2012,96,92,14,16,13>Insouciant noodling around in the backwoods where West Chester & Kennett Square rub elbows can instantly turn serious: If I venture into a 5 mile radius of Talula's Table, an odd sensation comes over me....my taste buds begin to prick and dance, a rumble burgeons in the shadowy depths of my belly....and that odd sensation swiftly escalates into a burning, inexorable desire to consume a baked good from Talula's and wash it down with a steaming cuppa one of their specialty coffee drinks.  Talula's scones are like manna from heaven; their croissants, flakin' fantastic. In fact, they're probably the best I've had outside of France. Every other morsel I've ever tasted from this bastion of culinary excellence is just as toothsome as the next, and I've yet to even experience the famed farmhouse table dinner (Don't know if I'll ever be sufficiently well coined for THAT indulgence. Brekkie alone leaves my pockets a lil' lighter than I would like). The coffee counter is manned mostly by uncouth youths, tousled gamins whose very presence threatens to curdle all the farm-fresh milk in the place. I don't like them; they don't like anybody. However, the girls who work there are genial creatures, especially the one smiling cherub whose name I never seem to catch, but at least everyone knows how to make a top-notch beverage. Although I rarely stray from my boring ol' cafe au lait (which is more delicious here than at most cafes), the specialty coffee drinks they serve up are difficult to resist. The latest seasonal entry I've fallen in love with is the 'Vermonter', a latte with a shot of maple syrup, which doesn't taste at all taste like diabetes.I highly recommend Talula's for a cosy, exceedingly scrumptious breakfast-and-coffee stop, and some day hope to be able to sing the praises of the bounty laid on the Table.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,2/6/2012,350,249,8,15,11>Wait, I haven't written about Federal Donuts yet?That's a crime.I guess I was too busy eating up their delicious donuts, and most recently, their most-amazing fried chicken. Truth be told, I was a big supporter long before this place ever opened. I'm a big fattycakes and I'm down with whatever food that will proportionally kick my lifespan down a few notches for how good it sounds. That, and an admiration of the most spectacular Felicia whose smile is known to make hearts skip beats. We also can't forget Mike Solo, one of the best chefs that our city has to offer (Zahav is still one of my favorite restaurants), and the Bodhi Coffee folks.Despite my bias, being a fan of all the respective robot cats that form this sensational restaurant Voltron I can objectively admit that this place blows my mind. I admire the creativity in each one of their products. I will stand by every item I've taken a bite out of. I will even defend the sometimes absurd wait times or unavailability of products at unexpectedly early hours.It's that good.The donuts are dense, delicious. I've only had the pomegranate nutella tehina, key lime and indian cinnamon, all of which rocked. The pomnutehina is perhaps my favorite, followed closely by by the indian cinnamon.Last weekend my girlfriend and I arrived at 11:20-something in order to get a ticket to buy fried chicken at 11:45. We didn't actually walk out of there until 12:00 or so. That's at least a 40min wait for some fried chicken. Worth it? Hell yeah it was. They even came with some plain honey donuts, which were dense and delicious as the others.We had the harissa and chile-garlic fried chicken. Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had? Yes. Perhaps the best in the city? Could be.Anyhow, lucky for me (unlucky for my waistband) I live within walking distance. I'm a fan, to say the least.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2007,12/21/2007,30,58,2,3,1>The Wrap Shack is this great little secret I have. I'm not really a "wrap person." I don't really get the whole, it's not a burrito but not a sandwich thing, but my confusion be damned! The Wrap Shack is delicious!They have a huge selection (many are vegan and vegetarian) and every wrap is made fresh to order. You might feel a little weird about getting your lunch from a shack, but this is no grease cart. Everything is tasty and not greasy.It's pretty cheap, too. You'll pay about $5 or $6 for a wrap and they're big and filling. I love it, maybe I'll have to have one for lunch tomorrow...
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,12/20/2007,246,242,2,4,3>Awesome, awesome, awesome!Very authentic Indonesian food!  I can vouch for that since I am originally from Indonesia.Classic "hole in the wall restaurant yields delicious food!" theory.Small corner restaurant.  Doesn't look open but it is.Cash only!Street Parking.Definitely not a place to impress your date as far as ambiance and decor is concerned, but as far as food is concerned it is a whole different story.Don't know what to order?  Ask Ena the owner of the restaurant to choose something for you and she'll take care of it.  Just give her an idea of what you like, chicken, fish or beef.Paper plates, paper cups & plastics spoons &  forks.  Its borderline fastfood/takeout.Anyway I went there with 4 of my other friends who have never had Indonesian food.  We got 2 fish dishes, 1 vegetable dish, 1 beef rendang, 1 chicken dish, 1 tempeh dish, 1 plate of shrimp chips, 6 plates of rice and 3 different desserts (es cajang, es cendol & es kalapa).  Total bill came out to $48.00.  Wow!  That is about less than $10.00/person not including tip.I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,12/19/2007,99,463,8,3,6>Let's see... is it cool to hate this place now because it's becoming too cool to hang out here? Or is it so cool to hate this place that it's even more cool to come here anyway even though you know you're better than that?Augh. You know what? I don't care. This bar is unique, fun, and no matter what some people say, you still don't have to deal with a lot of bullshit here, and I like that. So what if a few hipster fuckers want to sit around and be annoying? I'd rather have that than a bunch of frat boys. At least I can kick a hipster's ass if need be.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,12/18/2007,537,588,6,7,7>PINBALL Alert ! ! ! Yes, Jimbo was in Philly today for two things:  a decent cheesesteak and some pinball!  I found 50% of what I was looking for at Dirty Frank's and SugarMom's (see: yelp.com/biz/zwgBxmrmPBF).   I hope other Yelpers let me know about some other pinball joints to hit up in Philly the next time I'm around.Dirty Frank's is definitely a dive.  However, this joint is good for some cheap beer and a chilled out place to hang out and play some pinball.  No pretense.  The exterior has an impressive portrait mural in gray and white and is a stark contrast to the interior.  Dirty Frank's doesn't have a sign outside.  So don't expect a welcome sign other than the mural.Dirty Frank's has JACK*BOT (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= ).  Above average shape.  Fair condition and very playable and fun!     1 Game   = $0.50   2 Games = $0.75   3 Games = $1.00This game is set up for long plays with 5 Balls (versus the standard 3 balls).  This was an awesome and made it easy to get some free games.  The TILT mechanism is off so you can really shake the game up and rack up some points.  If you're looking for a decent pin, stay here at Dirty Frank's.  I made the long trek from DF's down South Street and over to Church Street to SugarMomma's and was disappointed I left.  See my review (here: yelp.com/biz/sugarmoms-p ) No cheesesteaks this go around.  I ended up at Penang (see: yelp.com/biz/eaDZlSuVS0E ) for some Malaysian food.  Other stuff: + Beers on tap?  Yes, YuengLing and Stella Artois for $2.50 a glass.  + A much better deal at $7.00 for a pitcher.+ Ms. PacMan video game machine. + DARTS on both sides of the bar.  BYOD.+ Comfortable place to watch a football game too...Cons:- No lock on the unisex bathroom.Pix laters...
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,12/16/2007,134,370,1,3,4>I remember many a rainy day spent here, reading the Weekly instead of doing work, with a tea and maybe a pastry, watching people come in off the street shaking out their umbrellas. It was always so warm and inviting and friendly.I lived more or less next door when I was in college and still, every time I come back I have to go buy myself a bag of bagels to take back to Boston with me for nostalgia's sake. That and they're so awesomely yummy. Really more chewy-sourdough-in-a-ring than a bagel, but still so awesome. The drinks are great - their cappucino was the beginning of the end of my wallet-draining coffe problem, and the Numi teas make you feel all sorts of cosy (though, avoid the ones that say Smoky somewhere on them - it's like sticking your head in a campfire). The best part of this place, though, now that I'm 500 miles away? Online ordering!
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,12/15/2007,202,329,3,4,3>brunch is my favorite meal, ever.  if i ever find a boyfriend again, they must realize this, and realize the importance of waking up early on weekends for brunch.so anyways, sabrina's...  my favorite place so far in philly for brunch.  coffee and the stuffed challah french toast are my staples.  (the key is to get half orders of the food).  bring a bottle of champagne and make your own mimosas.and the key is the call-ahead seating.  it keeps the wait time down on the cold winter days.rumor has it, the rest of their menu is pretty good too.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,12/14/2007,87,194,1,2,2>I have gone here for breakfast several times and been very pleased. The french toast is awesome, and their omelets rock my world. Service is always friendly, and the place just has an overall good vibe about it. I went there for dinner for the first time last night. The split pea and ham was average, but the chipotle mahi mahi tacos took the cake. They were so awesome and delicious I could hardly stand it. Yes it is true what they say about the wait, if you get here at the wrong time you could be here awhile, but they now have heaters outside to to keep you toasty in the meantime. My suggestion is to take a look inside before you get in line. You might be able to get your munch on quicker if you find a seat at the counter.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/13/2007,240,356,8,5,5>Despite its outward appearance, this place is NOT a head shop. Sorry, no pipes here, you potheads...This is yet another place I worked in high school, and was by far my favorite. I would go months without seeing a paycheck, and would instead come home with bags of hippie clothes, incense, and posters. Yeah, it's a hippie shop. And I was a big smelly hippie.What makes this store unique is its extensive selection of gift items and other knick-knacks. This is the place to go for crystals, painted mirrors, various carvings and sculptures, and fun lamps, among other things. Frankly, I'm jealous of anyone who receives a gift from here! I still have a glowing turtle lamp I bought from here ten years ago.I also once chased down some thug for stealing a lighter. Don't mess with the staff! We're loyal. And we run fast.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2007,12/12/2007,9,12,1,2,2>i ordered 5-6 tapas, two deserts, sangera, and their only tawny port.overall food was not what i expected from the great atmosphere when i walked in. it was okay.waiters not rude, but snobby. men that work there are hawt.food was nicely priced ($75 for two). hip little place, but a lot of yuppies go there too. overall go back and sit at the bar and eat empanadas (the dates). dont order the mussels (gross red wine sauce).
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2007,12/11/2007,21,64,,4,3>Very good Cuban/Columbian food in Center City.It is right across the street from my house, so I eat there often.The food is always fresh and the cocktails are delicious as well.  A very wide array of choices from beef, chicken, seafood, and even veggie dishes offer a choice for even the pickiest eater.A testament to Mixto is that is pretty much always busy.  The only drawback to this is that the place can occasionally become chaotic and the service tends to lack during these times.Otherwise, fantastic!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,3/30/2008,13,64,5,8,8>Disclaimer: This review is more about White Dog's bar than restaurant.It's befitting that in my final months at Penn, I'd finally yelp White Dog, a place I frequented... probably exceedingly in these past years. Nonetheless, the White Dog bar (separate from restaurant) is probably one of my favorite places at Penn. The solid feel of the counter, the various barkeeps' music in the background, and the relatively inexpensive bar fare keeps bringing me back (here: good conversations with friends = given).The bar menu at White Dog is solid--offering your typical bar food along with the one of the best tasting chicken sandwiches I've ever had in my life.* The succulent chicken sandwich is delicious, but the Cajun string beans that come on the side are even more savory. Fried to a perfect crispy texture and jumbled in a salty-spicy sauce, the string beans are possibly actually the best thing not on the menu. I have ordered the string beans alone...perhaps a better bar food than fries...mildly healthier at least.Aside from that, the happy hour at White Dog is quite good. From Sunday thru Thursday (10 PM - midnight), pints are $2...and this isn't your plebian macro-brew. Instead, you get a fine pint from a local micro-brewery. My favorite is the Troeg's Nut Brown Ale. It tastes like chocolate.Lastly, you can feel good about eating here because part of White Dog's mission includes serving the community and the Earth. Thus, all the food comes from organic local farms and most of the adult beverages come from local sources when possible.*good vegetarian options also availableP.S. A little about the restaurant...White Dog has an Americana cuisine. It's pretty tasty and always fresh. A bit pricey and could be more innovative on the restaurant menu.P.P.S. They make strong cocktails.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,3/29/2008,50,75,5,4,5>if i need to say more than " banana stuffed french toast", you are a spoiled, spoiled person. the ONLY downside to sabrina's is the wait, which is always considerable on the weekends during brunching hours. ew, i just said "brunching". whatever, once you try the veggie cheese steak you won't care that i said "brunching". one time my order was like, a disappearing act, and the manager comped the whole meal because of it. she knows how to keep customers happy, and the waitstaff is efficient and sometimes there are cute babies wearing sunglasses indoors.if you can finagle a friend into doing this, get one breakfasty thing and one lunchy thing and be in food heaven. then you'll be in a food coma for at least a half hour, but it will feel so good. also there's a rad used bookstore nearby, if you need to kill some time.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,3/27/2008,257,1564,8,6,5>The Troc is a legend.  Movie Mondays are a blast.  For $3 you get a $3 bar credit and a free movie.  And popcorn, too.  The shows offer a pretty good range of well-known to obscure.My favorite Troc story: way back in the 80s, my cousin & met at our grandparents house before a show.  Grandmom asked where we were going. When I said, "The Trocadero," my grandfather slowly turned to me with a suspicious look and said, "What the hell are you doing there?"  A relative explained that they now hosted rock shows.  Grandpop then told me about going to see Gypsy Rose Lee there.  I assured him I wasn't headed to a burlesque show, and he was relieved.Anyway, they bring in some good shows.  Just be prepared for a loud time.  As for the staff, they are nicer these days.  Remember when the staff shirts simply read "F*** YOU?"  Ah, the old days.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,3/25/2008,0,0,8,8,8>I used to live at 19th and poplar so i have sampled all the restaurants and bars in the art museum area and let me tell you the North Star Bar is the only place you should ever go to if you are in this god-awful area.What is wrong with the Art Museum area?!  all the food is overpriced and tastes gross.  the beers are bullshit and really expensive.  the people...don't even get me started.  I found a great deal living in the sort of hood but when i realized that everything sucked in the Art Museum i wished I had never moved there.  that is until i found the North Star Bar.  North Star Bar your name completely captures what you are - a beacon of hope and light amongst all the rubish in the Art Museum area.  Your beers are cold, inexpensive, and come in a large variety.  your patrons - sexy, attractive, and cool.  your music - indie and perfect.  I love you North Star and thank you for making the Art Museum Area have at least one thing worth going there for.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,3/24/2008,2946,2194,,7,6>This is one of my favorite places in Chinatown.This restaurant is larger than it appears. A few years ago they expanded the interior, adding much-needed space. Not only do they have tables downstairs, but upstairs, including a dining room for a decent-sized banquet (~60 people). You might have to wait for a table, but it's worth it.I've shared many dishes here, including their house special fried rice ($8). The rice is covered in sauce, like a stew. If you like rice like that, go for it. The golden shrimp with honey-coated walnut ($11) is a treat. (Can't get enough sweets? Go for the green tea ice cream - it's sweet, literally and figuratively.) The seafood triple delight ($10) has tender shrimp, scallops, and squid and is quite tasty.Get their famous Peking duck! Half a duck will run you $19.50. Served in two courses, the first comes with the typical pancakes, scallion, and sauce (wrap them yourselves, that's half the fun) while in the second course, the remaining duck is brought out in a plate. The meat marinade and accompanying sauce create a pastiche of exotic flavor you can't miss.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,3/23/2008,10,26,5,7,6>Fishtown's sorta out of the way, so I never really made it out there for any of the shows; until I saw Pissed Jeans was playing (amazing live).I'm really glad I made the trek out there.I showed up early so I sat at the bar for a while. They have a really nice selection of beers (but no PBR!) and food. The place is surprisingly big, with table seating towards the back. The bartenders were all really sweet and cute, too. Johnny Brenda's also has THE CLEANEST BAR BATHROOM I HAVE EVER PEED IN! So happy. Check out the jukebox, it will not disappoint. The venue upstairs was the absolute best. It's very cozy and intimate. The stage is just big enough to fit a 4 piece band and only stands about 3 feet high. There's another small bar upstairs with some very heavy handed bartenders so beware. The sound was phenomenal.  Everything sounded clean and perfect. I could actually hear the singer over the instruments. I went to bed that night without horrible ringing in my ears.I usually avoid R5 shows nowadays since the average age of the crowd is 16, but this place has rekindled my love for live music.Awesome place that lacks the douche-baggery that some other bars carry.(But let's keep it that way, ok?)
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,3/22/2008,22,52,8,8,8>I like to preface my little reviews so you know where I'm coming from.  I'm not really experienced with ethnic food.  I tend to be a picky eater, a creature of habit, and have a poor memory for words that sound the same.  So I never know quite what to order, and I tend to just grab some pizza or whatnot when it's up to me.  But my friends, like most people, like eating a variety of foods, and I'm game.This time, it was Thai.You could tell it was authentic based on the comically incorrect syntax found in the menu descriptions.  What was great, though, was that there were extensive descriptions, so you really knew what you were getting into.  What was even more greater, however, was that all the dishes looked really good.  And had hysterical names.My one friend ordered the, 'Tutti-Frutti Duck'.  It tasted like a duck that had been cooked in raspberry jam. But in a really good way.My other friend had the Sensual Salmon.  Salmon, covered in crab, as well as a cream sauce.  It was absolutely fantastic.Finally, I had the Young Girl on Fire.  Now, the name at first, I wasn't too sure about.  Considering it's an Asian restaurant, it had me thinking of that famous image of the poor little naked Vietnamese girl covered in napalm, which is neither humorous nor appetizing.  On the other hand, it was a Cornish hen, stuffed with raisins and pineapple (???) tenderly marinated in loving herbs and spices, and whiskey flamed at the table.  Well, that settled it.The other dishes came out, followed by all of our generous bowls of sticky rice.  Then, the waiter brought out a canister and set it on the table.  You know those little devices used to glaze a creme brule?  Yeah, this wasn't one of those.  This was more like what you'd use to weld something in metal shop.Then, the waiter comes back out with my tiny chicken, and stands several feet from the table.  He pours a significant amount of whiskey on it, and, with the whole restaurant now paying attention, lights it on fire.  It burns for, no joke, like 35seconds.  When it finally dies out, he walks it over, places it in front of me, and in a small and polite voice proclaims, 'Young Girl on Fire".  There was laughter and applause.And this thing was DELICIOUS.  Unbelievable.  I even ventured to try the bizarre fruit & dried fruit stuffing.  What's even more amazing was the price - usually when someplace is going to light your food on fire, or perform some other gesture that makes it more like 'dinner and a show', it seriously ups the cost.  My young girl on fire cost me the same as the other entrees - most things seemed to be in the $15-$20 range.Want to mention something else cool - there were $4 cocktails.  Now, we didn't partake in them this visit, so I can't comment on volume or quality, but it bears mentioning - $4 cocktails!  And, they were color coded, much like the terror alert system.  That way, when you get drunk enough, you can just say - 'Gimmie the Blue!' or "My young girl on fire set my Green aflame!'So, for those of you that haven't bothered to read everything, but want a quick informative recap, here's what this place has:1) Reasonable Prices2) Great Food3) Humorous Dish Names4) Flaming Entrees5) Polychromatic PotablesI cant recommend this place highly enough.  Everything on the menu looks great, everything I tried was great... but you'll be disappointed if you don't make sure someone in your party orders the Young Girl On Fire.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,3/21/2008,41,85,9,8,6>Agreed! Carrie E. preaches the truth.  These whoopie pies are G-d's gift from Heavan, masquerading as the Amish people's gift from Lancaster.  While I'm not quite ready to join an Amish community, I am a full-fledged worshipper at the House of Whoopie.  Not a fan of chocolate!? This hot commodity often comes in pumpkin flavour, as well, and there are always other delectable choices at Beilers, like their choco-chip or oatmeal cookie sandwiches!  They inspire my personal motto, that it ain't a sandwiche unless it's got chocolate and icing.  Their Pumpkin Roll is my personal favorite, with fluffy cream cheese icing... a "single" serving (slightly more expensive than a whoopie pie) is always more than one person can handle, and it makes a great dessert for sharing.I know they have limited hours, and that they aren't even open on all of the days that Reading Terminal Market is functioning, but it is worth the extra effort to get there and grab one of their sweets.  Bow down to the House of Whoopie and taste its creamy magic!
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,3/20/2008,108,149,,6,7>Repo has been around for years and you can understand why.  They always do a great job of keeping their ear to the ground with their listening selection.  Most of our vinyl collection comes from Repo all the way back to my first Cramps, Sex Pistols, Ramones or whatever albums and/or CD's.  If you love music then you can't miss this shop because it will give you ear-gasm!
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,3/19/2008,49,99,4,10,9>oh so good is a hidden gem in center city. when i don't bring my lunch to work and want something cheap and healthy, i go to oh so good. their salmon is fresh and always well prepared, their salads are great, and there are lots and lots of yummy veggie choices to accompany your meal.after a meal here, i feel energized and refreshed; meanwhile my coworkers are usually in a food-induced mid-afternoon coma from their greasy, overpriced lunch.def check it out, i think they do catering too.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,2/24/2010,61,261,6,9,7>This is now one of my favorite places for Thai and Thai-adjacent food. We wanted to come here for our merry jewmas after-movie dinner, but they were closed, and I've been itching to go since then.Their homemade tofu is silky and amazing; try the Malaysian sizzling tofu! Also, their roti is delicious and most of the curry dishes are a good bet. The satay peanut sauce looks a little weird but is super flavorful. The wait staff is pleasant and happy to make suggestions, and be sure to wave hello to the chefs thru the big kitchen window on your way to the bathroom =PHere's a tip I just discovered: They do deliver, but they don't accept credit cards over the phone, so make sure you have cash!
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,2/22/2010,42,105,6,15,12>Hells yeah! I came here to go from long totally blah hair to a razored sassy bob.  Pretty dramatic change and i must say Roberta delivered! And for all you asians out there she also said she had a lot of experience doing asian hair, since she worked in a college town for a while. She listened to what I wanted and styled it in a way that I could do at home.  I like the atmosphere of Fringe as well, it's really laid back, clean, and friendly.Free bang trims too.Highly recommended!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,2/21/2010,30,58,8,9,10>Updating my review and adding a star! Why? Because, every new restaurant has kinks and those kinks always take a long time to work out.Update bullet points!:*The burgers are tasty and not greasy and are the right size (not huge and not too small either). The menu is small and to the point, and the burger of the week provides a good variety.*This place WILL get crowded on the weekends, but so will every other place in Northern Liberties. To get a real feel for PYT, stop in during the week or for lunch.*Yes, it has hipsters. I have also seen bros, moms, children, young professionals, locals, seniors, preps, aging punk rockers, teenagers, guys with saggy jeans, people from new jersey, people from south philly, football fans, baseball fans, basketball fans, farmer's market enthusiasts, photographers, and people with glasses at PYT. If you have a problem with any of those people, you're going to want to stay away from PYT. You're also going to want to move to a secluded home in Montana and never go outside.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2009,2/19/2010,190,178,8,9,7>It's Nhu Y, not Nhuy. Sorry, I'm being a Vietnamese sandwich snob. Being born and raised in CA, I've had my fair share of Vietnamese sandwiches or "hoagies" and can say this compares to the places that I would not not return to if I were back home. With it's high rating, I was just hoping for something more I guess. This place is definitely meant to be for take out as it is quite small. The couple that owns the place is super nice and friendly. I ordered the Thit Nguoi Dac Biet ($3.00), which includes Cha Lua.Meat was good, pate was good, bread sucked, pickled veggies big time sucked. I guess I'm used to having my sandwich served on a French baguette but what I got instead was more of a hoagie. Not only that but the bread tasted crunchy in the way that it's been left out for too long. As for the pickled carrots and daikon... well, it wasn't pickled. It was completely tasteless and rather than having nice thin slices/strips, they were tiny shavings. Because the veggies were so tasteless and small, it could not balance out the saltiness of the pate and meat. It's just too bad because this is an easy mistake to fix.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/18/2010,237,276,11,10,11>It's important to have goals in life. My most achievable and delicious goal at the moment is to try everything on the menu at Paesanos. I'm halfway there, and this is the best goal I've had in a while (sorry, grad school).The Arista (roast suckling pig) is my favorite so far, but I managed to down the Paesano (beef brisket) in under 10 minutes while riding up Broad St., so that gets my accolades as well. The Daddy Wad was the best Italian hoagie I've ever had, though my experience in these is somewhat limited. I never once had an Italian hoagie in all my years Down South, and if I had, we would have called it a sub. There's an adorable poem dedicated to the Panelle (vegetarian chickpea sandwich) tacked up on the bulletin board inside, and all the delicious roasted potatoes and Hank's Cream Soda I could ask for.I'm halfway through my goal here, and try to come at either 11AM or 2PM to bypass the lunch rush and crowd to get a seat.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,2/17/2010,134,370,4,6,4>As people have mentioned, you first have to note the atmosphere - this place is frickin adorable. The bar, the lighting, the bathrooms, they all look inviting and purrrrty. One minus is a 10$ per person minimum, when you can get a bowl of Pho for around 6 bucks. You're kind of required to get an appetizer. Which is fine - the spring rolls are bangin (and they cut them up into chopstick-ready sizes). I ordered wonton noodle soup with mixed vegetables add-on (an extra couple bucks). It was super yummy, and perfect for my sniffly self when I added some sriracha and hoisin. All in all, a good experience, aside from the feeling of being nitpicked for every dollar. Luckily, with each of us getting pho and sharing the appetizer it came to $30.25 - just made it.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,2/16/2010,76,192,6,7,8>I thought I was in Korea when I walked into the place. I shook my head in disbelief...I was still in Philly...on Cheltanham ave. Also...is this place a lounge? cafe? bar? No...it's a freakin' fried chicken joint for the famous "Bon Chon" chicken.I have this suspicion that they might put crack in the fried chicken: if you have a bite of this, all you crave for a week is this fried chicken. It's crunchy but not bready, smoky spicy flavor, sweet but not too sweet. What can I say...it's the perfect snack food.So why 4 stars? It's a bit expensive. It'll cost easily more than double for fried chicken anywhere else. Moreover, it's trying to be like a bar lounge (Koreans have the habit of making everything a bar lounge...if you go to Korea, you'll be surprised by how many bar lounges there are). But come on, it's a freakin' fried chicken place...in Philadelphia...oh wait...let me correct that...in the *outskirts* of Philadelphia. If the price's right, it's definitely a 5-star joint. If you don't mind paying a bit extra to get the best fried chicken ever, this is the place.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,2/14/2010,79,118,3,10,7>Thank you so so so so so much for fixing my car. How lucky am I that this place is a block from my apartment?! I thought my transmission was gone and I would have to sell my car for parts. You (I think your name is Frankie) fixed that stupid little speed sensor thing and only charged me $180 (when my beloved mechanic at home in Boston said it would cost about $500). You are a god among gods. I know nothing about cars but I do know about quality people and the folks down here at 11th st auto repair are q-u-a-l-i-t-y. They are truly honest people who charge fair prices and are terribly friendly. The sticker on the front door really says it all "people love us on yelp"... and they do!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,2/13/2010,71,126,5,5,5>We had a great experience here last night. After being screwed over by Bar Ferdinand (renigging on our reservation last minute), we were a group of hungry ladies who wanted to get a little wastys and eat some delicious food.Low and behold as we were walking up second street, we decided to give the Cantina a try. Even though it was 8 on a saturday night, they said that if we hung out for a little while they could seat a party of 6 in 20 minutes. SCORE.So we swagger over to the bar and order up some delicious blood orange and strawberry margaritas! I am known to enjoy a delicious sweet frozen drink every once in a while, especially on a girls night!We got seated shortly after we finished our first drink and the service was swift and efficient. Our table was happy with our food choices. Empanandas, burittos (I got the chorizo burrito, a little salty and bloat inducing, but pretty good all around), mexican hot dogs, fajitas, quesadillas. Every one was pleased. We also probably went through the entire flavored margarita menu ordering some mangos, some prickly pears and a few that  I cannot remember. For 6 of us with full bellies and a few less brain cells, the bill was only about $150. Not a bad situation. I highly recommend this place, just wish they would stop being so heavy handed with the salt.xo
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,2/12/2010,146,222,,9,7>WOW!  The service here was just impeccable, truly seamless.  A friend and I stopped in last night for the 5 at 5 happy hour special.  We enjoyed savory glasses of red wine ($5), cheese ($5) & a white bean spread ($3.5).  We quickly received our wine and food, our water glasses were filled and just as I was going to ask for extra bread our server placed some freshly toasted slices on the table.  Once finished with our food the plates were cleared and the table was wiped down, twice.  Get there by 6 if you want to secure a table in the back.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,11/9/2010,51,94,13,6,5>What can be better than to have a pint while playing w/ lil' plastic toys that came from those bubble cup dispensers? This family tied "rebel rebel yell" dive flavor is what not only makes South St. "SOUTH STREET!" but it's a well known establishment to most of the Philly residents etc. You won't find a group of servers more scurvy and unique, much like the illustrations of oddities that deck the exterior of this hodgepodge collage paradise. (That goes for the patrons too)Many walks of life take shape here daily and it's good to have a mix up from the norm. Even if you just stumble in alone your bound not to be bored and can write down some "Bohemian Dreams" of sorts in your poetry journal. Heck, ya might make a friend who'll ask, "So whatcha writing? I'm an artist too!" Aren't we all Hemingway? Skip that guy, you can do better. The one over there... He has that "Hunter S. Thompson" sophisticato mystique that you need in your bed tonight lady. Errr... I mean to write poetry of course, of course. *RECORD SCRATCH* Oh, oh... Ya he's wearing a pink fedora hat. Ya... sorry.A.D.D. BUTTON!Tuesday tacos is the best! Try a medley of all their different beefs and yes there's veggie too Vegan Girl...Vegan Girl: What? I wasn't talking to you. So anyway...A.D.D. BUTTON!Look at that freaky sculpture out the window!A.D.D. BUTTON!!Omg! Is that Voltron on that mantle?A.D.D. BUTTON!!!Leap frog go! Bartender: Excuse me dude you gotta go! Me: Excuse me?Bartender: You're totally freaking everyone out. Oh and stop pressing the A.D.D. button, I think you broke it.Me: Oh.Vegan Girl: Lame.Me: Go twitter your girlfriend!Vegan Girl: I already did and like how did you know I'm a lesbian? OMG! Is that an A.D.D. button?ALL: NOOOOOOO!!!!!((((((EXPLOSION))))))Where am I? Is this heaven?Voice: No.Hell?Voice: No.Walmart? Voice: Oh hell no!Where *gulp* am I than?Voice: Jersey.Oh that makes so much sense! Of course! How stupid of me? Right? Right? Goodnight folks.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,11/8/2010,36,101,7,6,5>At what should have been the end of a fairly long night, I realized that I left my credit card at Vango... Ugggh... So I had to trudge back there and walk up the stairs to the ill-named "Skybar" (seriously, it's two stories high) and close my tab... Fortunately everything worked out for the best, when, as I was walking toward Market to catch a cab, I spotted The Franklin out of the corner of my eye..."Oh, this place is supposed to have the best cocktails in Philadelphia," I thought... "But don't you need a password or something to get in?" I stupidly enunciated the latter of my inner monologues to the bouncer, who said something along the lines of "No, just show me your ID."Well, I did, and then he let me in, and then I sat down, and then a server brought us menus, and then I was in heaven... The drinks here are SERIOUS. If you are trying to become an adult (with respect to your drinking habits), this is absolutely the place to be.I ordered a Brooklyn, one of The Franklin's numerous takes on the Manhattan... And, like any other Manhattan I have ever had, it kicked my ass on the first swig... and the second... but by the third, it was going down smooth. My friend ordered a Mexican Firing Squad and found it to be thoroughly enjoyable as well.BOTTOM LINE: This place is a legit, speakeasy-style bar that serves up many mean cocktails... And the atmosphere is like Nirvana compared to watching the shirtless meatheads dancing at Vango next door.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,11/7/2010,59,547,3,7,6>On my way home a few nights back, I had a sudden urge for a great slice of pizza.  I'm a huge fan of Lorenzo's on South, but it was out of my way and I was feeling some toppings.  I stopped by the NYPD pizza shop on the outskirts of the Gayborhood to try their slices. I walked in an met face to face with a schizophrenic pizza shop.  The name should have tipped me off.  There was Italian music playing and other "motherland" decorations.  So you're trying to be a pizza shop with an Italian identity named after NYC located in Philly?  What's the deal?  Further, this is just a stop-by joint.  Sure, there are a few tables in the back, but no one is hanging out here.  It's a grab and go.  There's no problem with that, it's just not charming. Despite the atmosphere, I was impressed with the shop.  There were several different types of pizzas half cooked and sliced, just waiting for a hungry patron to say the word have have the slices whisked into the oven for the final minutes of baking.   I opted to go with the veggie slice, which was covered with diced tomatoes, green peppers and garlic.  The ratios of the toppings, cheese, crust, and sauce were impeccable.  The crust was perfectly thick and crispy.  There are so many pizza shops in town that just don't have this kind of skill.  Everything tasted great.  Honestly, the taste of the pizza was enough to make up for any of the short fallings of NYPD Pizza.  Bottom Line:  I generally don't expect to shell out $3.24 per slice.  I also don't generally expect stop and go joints to have excellent pizza.  Although I may not stop by again anytime soon, this is surely the best bet for Center City area pizza.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/6/2010,393,710,12,6,9>Wow.  I totally nomed.I love food but I don't consider myself a nommer.  Now I am.  This review is mid sandwich.  I took a break from nomming to let the yelp community know that I've found sandwich paradise, and it's on 9th & Christian.I don't know what they called it.  Definitely sounded like south philly slang.  I will learn in time and write another review.  For now, it was on the chalkboard for 8 bucks.  House roasted turkey, sharp provolone, arugula, tomatoes, pickles and garlic mayo.  OH MY FREAKING GOD.8 bucks gets you a slice of heaven.  You will nom.  I nommed.  Actually I'm going back to my nomming right now.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,11/5/2010,126,708,3,10,4>I'm not much of a sandwich person, but my bf is. In fact, I think hoagies are his all-time favorite food ever. I kept telling him he had to try Primo Hoagies out since all of the Yelp reviews made it sound like his version of heaven, but because of their hours he didn't get a chance until one recent weekend. We were out doing errands and he started to get hungry, so I mentioned we were near a Primo's and he could finally try them out.Our first visit (because by now he's been back three times in a two week period) he got their Primo sized Old Italian with oil but no mayo. After the first bite though he realized that he needed some mayo because dear lord do they give you MEAT! These sandwiches are NOT stingy, even a small would be slightly too big for me (but you should never order a small - that roll looks so pathetic compared to the other type you can only get in a Primo size). He managed to consume the entire thing, but most people would probably have half now and half later (which ends up being a fantastic deal at a little over $7).Now, he wasn't as into the Old Italian as all the other reviewers, but he wanted to give Primo's another shot and ordered the Italian Diablo on his second visit. I'm pretty sure that sandwich is now his official favorite of all time (he got it on his third visit, too). He can't stop talking about how fantastic they are: the bread is crusty on the outside but soft on the inside and so flavorful, and he loves the quality meats and cheeses, the combinations they offer, and the amount they put on each roll. He thinks so highly of Primo's now that he wants to bring his dad one to try because they both LOVE hoagies, and this is now his official best hoagie he has ever had from any place EVER. In fact, I'm starting to become slightly concerned that his affections are being redirected towards Primo's and their hoagies because he can't stop thinking about them and craving them at all hours of the day.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/25/2009,11/4/2010,115,317,5,9,5>Remember shakin your thang at Tonic on main street manayunk?  Well Tonic turned into Yunkers when none of us were watching, and if it weren't for the sign on the door I wouldn't know the difference.  Oh I think they added a pool table.I met some friends out at Yunkers on Friday night, and had a solidly good time.  I've never spent much time in the downstairs pub area, but the upstairs has a great dance floor and lounge area.  The dance floor is intimate but high ceilings make it not feel stuffy.  And the small bar area with a few tables is great for catching up with friends (or meeting new ones).  Then there's a small space with a pool table, and another small lounge space with darts.The decor (upstairs at least) is a lot nicer than the name Yunkers Pub implies.  It reminds me more of a downtown lounge than a manayunk pub.  Though not overly stuffy.I've never seen any drink specials here, and I usually just stick with the $4 miller lites.  Drink elsewhere, then come here later in the evening to tear up the dance floor.  Space can be tight, though it ranges from "I don't want to be the only one making an a$$ of myself out there dancing", to "I can't move without elbowing this guy in the crotch."After regularly hitting up Tonic for a while, I'm glad to see not much has changed with the changeover to Yunkers.  It holds a special place in my manayunk heart.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/3/2010,49,67,8,10,4>No Appointments1. Walk in (they're closed Sun-Mon and Tuesday is hectic for them... it's nice to come in right after work as they're open till 6PM!)2. Ask for wax -you may be told the wait is about 20 minutes3. Sit in the back4. Pet the chihuahua 5. Wait for Emma or Natasha to tell you to go in the room6. Get asked if you're Russian.... I'm not... but I've been to Kiev where Emma's from7. and $35 later you're done! Amazingly fast and practically painless.NOT HALF BAD.... although, Brazillian to me means toosh as well... I think she might have skipped that part
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,11/2/2010,86,155,5,12,5>Picnic is a complete Picnic service, save the lawn. The first time we went here we got  an antique basket and filled it with salads, sandwiches, warm foods, lemonade, chips, everything... And now we use the basket every time :) They give convenient take-out containers and generally portions are for two.They're not unreasonably priced, offer quality, unique foods, and everything is almost always delicious. The only thing I  was ever disappointed with was a spinach salad. I really love their quiche, cucumber/feta/tomato/onion/chickpea salad, and any of their spinah salads with bacon :) :)They also offer banging potato chips, like Rosemary Olive Oil? YUM.And perfectly festive beverages, like lemonade or fizzie lizzies. :)When I don't have time or motivation to make a picnic myself, they go above and beyond, with quality food that tastes at least as good as making it yourself. Bring on the pasta salad and a sunshiney day :)Friendly, helpful staff that will heat things or take special orders for certain foods if you'd like.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,11/1/2010,996,928,34,10,9>PANCREAS - What are you doing, Brad?BRAD - I'm about to purchase a chocolate-dipped chocolate chip cookie from Famous 4th St Cookie Co.PANCREAS - Why do you hate me?BRAD - I don't.  Why would you say something like that?PANCREAS - Clearly, you do.  You have no idea how much insulin I'm going to have to produce to hav-BRAD - Shut up.  Just shut up for just one second.  You never let me have fun.  You just sit there with gall bladder and duodenum and whine about how the decisions I make affect you guys.  When do I get something I like, huh?  These cookies are awesome.  They are freaking awesome and it is YOUR JOB to take care of the fallout.PANCREAS - I hate you.  I will make you diabetic one day.BRAD - Bring it on, you bastard.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,10/31/2010,81,125,3,5,5>Guys, I had a rough day. I had to think long and hard about how to turn it around. So I went searching and landed on Almaz Cafe. From the outside, it don't look like much but the inside triggers a smile. Bright green paint patched with shiny tin panels. Super modern, super huge light fixture. Non-pretentious tables and chairs. Friendly employees.The menu is eclectic: American breakfast and lunch items, ice cream, espresso, Ethiopian platters. Anyone who orders a turkey and cheese sandwich here has no sense of adventure.Rough days call for a break from the mundane. My first bite of Ethiopian foule (spiced beans smashed with tomatoes, onions and peppers accompanied by a side of sour cream, vinegar-tinged pancake-textured bread and turmeric-hued cabbage) was just what I needed and when it was gone I wanted more. If it didn't take so long to prepare (really, it was only 15 minutes but I was stressin'!) I would have ordered another. Next time I'll call ahead, as the pleasant guy behind the counter suggested.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,9/8/2012,68,199,3,5,5>One thing you must understand when reading this:  I am married to a meat loving Southwestern Man who believes in the Power of a Well Smoked Brisket.  Since I have brought this dear man to the Northeast, he has been pining for some good Texas style with some Sweet Tea to boot.   I honestly cannot tell you how many times he has asked for "Sweet Tea" only to have the server say "Uh...we have raspberry tea?  or some variation of that.We had read about the story of Percy Street BBQ, how the owners spent a great deal of time and energy researching, studying, sampling Texas brisket, importing equipment and reworking their rubs to perfection.  Being a tad skeptical, we didn't rush down there to give it a go. We've been disappointed far too many times.Today, we decided to head down to South Steet with Dearest Child, checking out Philadelphia's Magic Gardens a block away then heading here.We were not disappointed.Man and boy ordered the root beer floats, which did not disappoint with cloyingly sweet root beer.  I bravely ordered the Sweet Tea with a glimmer of hope that it might be good.  It was.  Not the very best we've ever had but darn good, especially since as we learned from the server they're not brewing the sugar in the tea, but instead sweetening brewed tea with simple sugar solution (a mistake common amongst Yankees, so we were forgiving of this).  The server actually got quite excited when we explained how we make it and vowed to give this a go next time they brew up a batch.Boy got the 1/2 rack of baby back ribs, Dearest Husband got the pulled pork BBQ, I got the brisket and we ordered a dish of Mac & Cheese for the table.  The ribs came out tender and flavored perfectly, with the sweet smoke infused in the meat.  The BBQ sauce did not overcome the meat either.  Pulled Pork was respectable. They serve with 3 types of BBQ sauce.  Hubby mixed all three and came up with a nice blend.  It's not Carolina style, so don't get your hopes up if that's what you expect with pulled pork. It is respectable though.My brisket was delicious, falling off the fork and smoked perfectly.  Dearest Hubby almost took my plate - we agreed to split both dishes - though I warded him off with some fancy fork stabbing.  The sides are superfluous, really.  They were good, but we didn't bother filling up on them.  Mac and Cheese was especially good in that it was creamy without being overly gooey or hyper-cheesed.  Percy Street, we're in love.  Now, if we can only find decent Carolina BBQ and Sonoran Style Mexican somewhere, my darling Southwestern Man might find true culinary contentment.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,9/7/2012,113,122,11,5,5>I'm with Don Cartel on this one: I was skeptical.  Everything about this place screams "this is not for you, Steve."  But m'lady's mom was in town, and it's right up their alley, so we went.The place is gorgeous.  I loved Washington Square (the restaurant) when it was around, and the space is just as beautiful now, though a lot more whimsical.  The bartender mixed us some delicious cocktails and was super-friendly, and our waiter was knowledgable and attentive.The food was really good.  It's still not my favorite style of food, but it was enjoyable nonetheless.  What really surprised me, in several dishes, is the way the protein took a backseat to the accompaniments.  The foie gras torchon was a smooth base for the hazelnut and quince to brighten.  The crispy-skinned salmon was familiar but subtle under the persimmon chutney*, sunchokes and pancetta.  Everything was just very very tasty and well-prepared.In the end, this place was a pleasant surprise.  It's still not quite my style (fried, rich, heavy, creamy, sweet, terrible for you, devoid of vegetable), but if someone invited me to go back... I wouldn't put up too much of a fight.* just the words 'persimmon chutney' make me feel girly for having eaten here
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/6/2012,182,603,1,10,7>Post Phillies 5k run Katrina C. and I decided on Chhaya for brunch.  It was a great idea!  I had the cornbread waffle with sausage gravy, an egg, and potatoes.  It was delicious.  The coffee was awesome.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I had a couple cups because it was so good.  We also shared a stuffed french toast waffle, which was amazing, but I would never be able to eat the whole thing, a couple of bites was perfect.  The smoked turkey panini got rave reviews, as did the bagel with cream cheese, avocado, and tomato.  Started to get crowded around 12.  I only wish I lived closer, but Chhaya definitely rivals some of Philly's better known brunch spots.  Prices are super reasonable too, more like diner prices.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,9/5/2012,203,269,4,10,7>The hype surrounding Dinic's was tangible. For at least three visits, I gazed at the long lines and thought, "Hell no!" Then, one fateful afternoon, I stumbled upon a sight I thought I'd never see: Dinic's with no line! Of course, I had to dash over to snatch up a sandwich.For our first visit, we had the classic roast pork and the brisket. Both of us actually found the brisket way more delicious-possibly even worth the looooong wait in line and being tortured by the surrounding smells and sights of delicious Reading Terminal Market food. Definitely worth the price, especially for the brisket. Juicy, tender, savory meat stuffed in freshly baked bread that seemed a little delicate for the meaty beast it contained. I couldn't imagine taking this sandwich to go, for fear that it would become a soggy mess. I recommend the sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and peppers on top. Heaven, in a plastic basket. Hell, I'd give it five stars for the brisket alone.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/4/2012,82,189,6,8,4>Maybe I'm just on a 5-star jag ...Ulivo was absolutely delicious from start to finish. I began with a half-order of the penne with lamb and mint pesto, a thigh-clapper if I ever tasted one. I was skeptical going in as of all the pasta offerings, it was the only one not homemade. (I tend to ask these things.) But skepticism washed away with every focaccia wipe of the bowl. Speaking of the focaccia, it was wonderful. I would like to thank and make out with the person who made it. It had a light dance of salt atop it that made my heart sing. And now for my entree, the butterfish special. For those of you who, like me, fear the ocean bottom has been thoroughly trawled of anything interesting, leaving us with carp and a harmonica fishbone, I have to tell you, the butterfish was astonishingly flavorful and first-string. Imagine sea bass married with ... a marshmallow just perfectly toasted over a camp fire. That sort of white hot burst when you take a bite, with the skin teething out the perfect whisper of crust. It was served over a homemade chewy pasta - these little nuggets of bliss, that cannot be questioned, just inhaled. My dessert - not that I had room, but never mind - was a chocolate flourless cake with orange tarragon sauce. As described, it was lighter and less predictable than the traditional flourless, and very lovely indeed with absolutely true chocolate notes with an even hand on the sweet. It did not wow me to the level the fish did, but it was a high performer and should be considered if your hips and posterior need filling, as mine apparently do. Finally I really had wonderful service - you can't put a price on that.In closing I will mention the couple who sat behind me featuring an awful little man who spent the entire meal curmudging about how it didn't meet his allegedly pristine standard and then redoubled his bleats when the check came in as it was more than $9.99. The type who weaves into conversation eleventeen times how he's a lawyer and whose dining companion suffers the terrible personality in a gray cloud of silence. If you're this type of person, absolutely do not enter. Ulivo will be lost on you. As for everyone else: please come and see what all the happy fuss is about.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,9/3/2012,189,352,5,10,6>Let me be useful first: the pizza here is thin crust and you can order decent sized slices which run about $2.25. The place is on the smaller side and very informal.  A lot of the people in here were clearly stopping by for a quickie. It's still nicer than a lot of pizza places; I just wouldn't plan on throwing your Dad's surprise 60th birthday here. Now let me just love: I like my pizza a little greasy (so embarrassing to admit). And that's what this place is: just a little fatty pizza loving that cures Saturday morning hangovers or satisfies after a particularly long run.The pizza has been consistently yum, the service nice and friendly... I can't complain. It's exactly what I want my pizza stop to be.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/2/2012,348,199,7,8,8>Bartender: "Would you like to hear about our Sunday seafood special?"Me: "....Sure?"Bartender: *throws a packet of Swedish Fish on the bar in front of me*Two words: DAY DRINKING.Three more words: DO IT HERE.$3 Jameson and pineapple. $3 beers. $3 shots. As another reviewer mentioned, with drink prices like this, you're bound to get the associated clientele. Which is why I advise you, oh reveler in all things Atlantic City, to come during the day and get silly before all the frat boys take run of the place. The bartenders were funny, quick, and made a perfect drink every single time. And by "perfect" I mean I only really needed $6. Long bar, lots of tables, plenty of TVs, right on the casino floor, right off the boardwalk. Visually, WWW is the coolest casino around. It's like Disney (inside), Bermuda (outside), and AC (no double takes for hard liquor at 12:15pm on a Sunday) all combined. The only thing that could make it better is if the animatronics worked.I'd never come here at night. But for daytime refreshment right off the boardwalk, Mountain Bar can't be beat.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/1/2012,86,182,7,10,8>I had pretty high expectations for Minado after seeing its raves on Yelp for centuries. My expecations were definitely met a few weeks ago when I decided to treat myself to a little solo Monday lunch. Service was fantastic, starting from the very polite and friendly host, to my equally polite and friendly server who never let my drink go empty for long despite how busy she was, to the nice guys refilling the sushi platters and not judging me for going back up approximately 248 times. The atmosphere is pretty much like every other Asian style buffet, so don't expect anything super fancy. Which was more than fine by me. The food was really fantastic though. I only tried one or two hot foods; the green mussels that many people have mentioned were really great (and I don't even eat mussels!). I also remember a really good seafood salad. But what you're really here for is the sushi, and every piece I had was delectable. There were perhaps as many as two dozen types of rolls, lots of raw/cooked/and veggie styles. My only disappointment was in the lack of regular sushi. I was looking forward to some really great, unadorned sushi grade raw fish. However, I did go on a Monday lunch, and not a busy dinner so I definitely understand the lack. And I definitely can't complain about a delicious, unending lunch of well prepared sushi and a drink for only about 20 bucks! Lastly, did you know that they served alcohol here? Because I definitely did not! I will definitely be back very soon. Lunch is a great deal at approx 17 dollars, with dinner going over 30 a person. I would imagine it might be worth it for a different variety of better fish, but lunch is perfect for a first time goer to try it out!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/31/2012,245,116,4,8,7>I didn't give myself enough time! I went here around 3pm today (Sunday) and they close at 5pm. I explored the Maya and the Africa exhibit. I did briefly run to the 3rd floor of which I saw a small portion of the Greek exhibit, but this is not a two hour stop. Well for me it's not. I like to read each description listed by each item in the different collections. So I was rushing in hopes of covering as much as the museum as possible. The staff approached me on the exhibit floors and ask if I had any questions. I thought that was nice, I also like the suggestion boxes. After seeing some of the pictures on yelp I believe I would like to try the cafe next time. I can't wait to visit this museum again. I also like that they have ample parking. Another note, they  also have student discounts, tours, and gift shops.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/30/2012,245,509,7,5,4>I live so close to food and friends it is dangerous. Dangerous for both my wallet, liver, and sweet tooth. I have a love hate relationship with food and friends, but recently the relationship has been more on the side of love. I've generally lived within a few blocks of this place since it was redone back in 2007? 2008? In those years it really has only gotten better. They still have the ten buck rule, but so does everyone. They still have great deals of blueberries or strawberries. Tonight it was strawberries for 2.99. The blueberries are great in season, they are fresh from Hammonton. I can tell. I was a reigning blueberry princess thank you very much. My uncle also owns a blueberry farm. I generally do not have to buy blueberries, but when I'm running low...this is my go to spot. Beer. If they don't have it, talk to the cashier, they might get it in. However, seriously if they don't have it, chances are you don't want it. This is some of the best edited/curated beer selection this side of Broad. I wouldn't buy elsewhere unless I was in a random pizza place and I would still say nah lets wait till we get to food and friends. Non-alcholic beverages. Will you stop teasing me! First you carry Rob's really good chocolate tea and the red hibiscus, then you stop and never get it again. First you have the small bottle of jingya and then jingya stops making it in those cute small bottles i turn into terrariums. However, you have enough interesting variations of non-beer to keep me pleasantly hydrated. BRITISH CANDY. Are you out of your minds? Do you want me to break in here after midnight when I'm craving malteasers? Seriously if you start carrying the different flavored maltase's expect clingy girlfriend behavior .... I warned you. The candy selection in here is dangerous. I have a serious candy problem. I mean they have every kind of haribo and then some, every effin kind of ritter sport....nougat and cornflake being my favorites, and gazillions of variations of chocolate, belgian, british, german, dutch, french, crap. Tates cookies. Sometimes on sale. Again lethal. Thank you for never putting the choc chip with walnut on sale. My girlish figure thanks you. Sales on yogi teas, honey and nutella? Are you stalking my pantry? Plus the music. Some of my favorite new tunes have come from me asking the guys what they are playing. So yes they carry food and yes they are my friend, more like frenemy sometimes.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,10/25/2007,59,232,,5,3>duross & langel embody two things i enjoy supporting: local AND handmade!! they are situated in a cosy little spot on locust, and are friendly savoniers of the highest order. are you vegan? well, they've loads of products on your team!! do you enjoy perfume & colourant free face & body washes? they've got those, too....want to learn how to make some of these lovelies? well, guess what? they've classes!they're moving to a new location soon, so try to come by before they move! you won't regret it.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,10/24/2007,479,514,1,8,4>This is BY FAR my favorite Vege restaurant that I've experienced ANYWHERE. It's a small space (well, at least compared to the restaurants I frequent in the DC area), but is cozy (in a make friends with your neighbor sort of way) and charming. The service is attentive without being pushy and gives you a kind of "this is our home....welcome" sort of feeling. The menu, while Vege, is HARDLY boring. You won't miss meat one bit (not that I eat any besides poultry to begin with). The dishes are representative of countries all over the world with occasional dishes that have flavor combinations from two countries or more - and are unexpectedly well paired. Truly, the food here is, simply put, amazing. And coming from the DC area, I hardly ever encounter a BYOB, especially one that doesn't charge a corkage fee more than most home bought wines! This is always a welcomed addition and a fantastic way to experience the wines you enjoy with their amazing repertoire of dishes. The menu is seasonal, so there are always new surprises that await you. Two dishes, which I believe are staples of theirs and NOT TO BE MISSED, are The Adobo Goat Cheese Nachos and the Asparagus Tacos. Do not pass these up! You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,10/23/2007,114,391,7,5,5>The hunt for Red October ended in mutiny. The hunt for affordable, parking-friendly (read: not near Rittenhouse) and diner-friendly (read: not two VIP four-hour wait) outdoor tables in Philly may end in a divorce (or argument/tears, depending on who your with).For Pete's Sake is good, sure. BUt you're under 95, there's only four tables and the chances of you leaving in in under an hour are minimal. New Wave, you say? Also an option, but besides the chicken fingers, sometimes you don't want trying-to-be-gourmet bar food.It was somewhere between starvation and confusion I found myself on the border of G.HO on 21st and South. Ten Stone had nice, sturdy (not metal little things) tables and charge, gorgeous bar-brand-laden umbrellas and about 10 places to sit outside. Perfect. Now comes the test. . .The menu was packed full of things any normal person would quietly comment to themselves, "Mmm..that looks good." Wings, nachos, dumplings, artichoke dip, brie and chicken with caramelized onion and argula on a long hard roll, artichocke hearts with chicken and spinach and pesto spread  . . . . woah. About $7 for each two-day-worthy sandwich? Holy f***ing Starrs. Add a hand-written daily beer list with all your favorites (hoegaarden) and soon to be's (rasberry lambert) and you've got yourself a your next favorite secret spot.PS: the pool tables inside are clean and worthy of your game.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,10/22/2007,2946,2194,,6,4>I came here some time ago but had an awesome time.They recommend (with reason) to make reservations if you have a party of three or more. I came here with four folks and we had to wait maybe 20 minutes?The food is made the same as you'd get in Mexico City. Everything we had was excellent. I had the filete rogelio ($24) - that is, filet mignon strips - and I must say that they were the most tender things ever, served with several amazing sauces. The green hot sauce made me tear up.There's a live entertainer who walks around the dining room strumming ballads on his guitar and singing. It's amusing (if you're into that sort of thing) and he doesn't mind a tip.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,10/21/2007,828,1172,7,5,4>The painting of the woman's right breast that Stephan C. mentioned comes in handy sometimes. I've found myself meeting and interviewing people here for the very first time a lot. So I needed a recognizable landmark in the room for them to notice and what could be better?aside from that North 3rd is one of my favorite spots to bring a group. the food is really good, the staff is friendly, and the alcohol selection is top notch.  And it can be quite roomy, even when it gets crowded which happens a lot.North 3rd also hosts a fun short film night every Tuesday that is worth checking out. It's selection can range from funny, to cool, to really weird.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,10/20/2007,9,20,1,7,6>World's Gym is operated by Bob Boyle and his wife. The gym has modern aerobic equipment, a basketball court, space for karate, an indoor soccer area for small children, and tons of free weights. The hours are excellent: 24 hrs from Mon 5 a.m.-Fri 10 p.m. and opens are 7 one the weekends.  It has been a life saver to be able to work out at 12 or 1 a.m. when I've needed to.  It is great for people who say "i dont have the time".   The only drawback is once or twice one of the crosstrainers did not work.  But they were quick in fixing it.  Also, they are always looking for suggestions.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,10/19/2007,8,35,,10,4>Bryan, the owner, once told me that bike shops can either be fast, cheap, or right.  Well, Bicycle Revolutions is neither fast nor cheap.  But they do a good job.  As Juicebomb mentioned, the turnaround time and prices are competitive, though.Given that this place is so hip (with the art of the walls and what not) and that some members of the bicycle elite seem to hang out here, I was almost expecting a level pretension and aloofness towards me when I came in as a beginner rider with a crappy bike.  But Bryan gave me a lot of personal attention, happily answered my stupid questions, and seemed to really care about his work.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,10/18/2007,12,15,,4,4>This is the only place for some good old Japanese comfort food.  Have a meal while you shop.  Okonomiyaki, curry rice, or yakisoba are prepared fresh right in front of you while you check out the Japanese TV channel or  do some grocery shopping.  Hard to find faves like kewpie mayonaise and Hi-Chew candys are in every flavor and size here.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,10/17/2007,43,88,,4,1>I miss Fergie!  His pub was my staple stomping ground when I lived in Philly.  This is no fly-by-night bar, it's been tempered through the years with great folks, amazing food, and an owner who has the uncanny ability of remembering your name even if you've only been by once.The pub itself is warm and inviting (legend has it that the dark wood panels on the walls are from an Irish ship).  This is where to go if you want to make friends in Philly.  Period.  And they have Quizzo (I still have a quizzo t-shirt from the time I won a tie-breaker by knowing what "fiat lux" was).  Gooood times.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,10/16/2007,63,263,1,5,1>I wasn't really expecting to get good sushi in Philly, but damn.  This place was good.  I got the sashimi dinner, which was a little pricey, at $25 for 18 pieces of sashimi.  But every little bit was fantastic.  There were four pieces of mackerel (which I usually dislike due to its excessive fishiness - I know, I know, how can sushi NOT be fishy? -  but was pleasantly surprised at the quality of these slices), five large slices of good quality tuna, three slices of salmon, four big slices of octopus, three slices of hamachi, and two slices of toro.  I was in heaven. And I just did the math, and that was way more than 18 pieces.I love you Shiroi Hana!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,9/13/2008,15,11,2,7,5>i stopped into cafe estelle last week after seeing the city paper article... glad i did!  the place is roomy and bright.  the people friendly.  my egg and cheese (i chose gruyere) on home baked roll was yummy.  i'll be back for lunch real soon!ok, i've been back for lunch twice this week, call me a convert.  i've sampled a salad, soup and flatbread pizza.  i've found each meal delicious.  seriously folks, this place will have a sunday morning brunch line soon.  i think they do need some more folks in the kitchen, service is a tad slow.... but then again, it does take time to make a fine meal.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,9/12/2008,31,37,3,8,6>I've really only ever been to two real 'cupcake' places; Kickass Cupcakes in Cambridge MA, and here.  My major complaints with Kickass Cupcakes were that they were overpriced (2.50-3.50 for a relatively small cupcake) and they were far from kickass.  Flying Monkey, on the other hand, does it oh so right.  Their signature cupcake is a chocolate cupcake, with chocolate buttercream frosting, and banana filling in the middle.   It tastes even better than it sounds.  And its $2.  They've got other cupcakes that are also pretty good for less. They also have a bunch other delectable sugary treats that would send a diabetic to the ER in seconds.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2008,9/11/2008,22,65,1,8,7>Seriously great stuff.  A little on the pricey side, but they have a lot of sales. And, some of the best jewelry in the city. Every time I go in, i leave with some sort of new ring, earrings, or necklace. They also carry queen bee wallets and purses, which are my new favorite covet items. I would suggest getting on their email list, because they often announce sales and give online coupons. I have always found the staff cheerful, friendly and helpful, and if you are lucky, there may be a dog hanging out in the store too!Another fourth street gem.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,9/10/2008,58,61,8,10,7>Damn you buffet, you win again.I really should just give it up after the first two trips, but the food is a siren that calls to me like Aishwarya Rai, and I am helpless to ignore her call. I have eaten many lunches and a good number of dinners here and never had a bad meal. The decor is nothing fancy, but the staff is friendly and the owner tells great stories. Amans is a jewel in the coal mine of the greater Norristown area.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,9/9/2008,8,13,1,6,6>By far theeeee best brunch in the city. The selection is above all others, presentation is mind blowing and the service is attentive but not intrusive. Next big occasion, I highly recommend checking it out!
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2008,9/8/2008,23,25,5,5,6>Foodfoodfoodfoodfoooood so much food it seriously seems like a joke.I made the rookie mistake of gorging myself on the pita and veggie appetizer. Next time around, I will avoid all bread products to leave plenty of room in my stomach for the plethora of meats that show up in the whopping SEVEN courses (maybe even 8?) they serve you at Marrakesh.Don't get me started about how much I loved having to knock on the door to get in or being greeted by a six foot tall Moroccan dude in thick 80s specs and a monk's robe. The staff are insanely friendly, the decor insanely beautiful and the food insanely good. My fav courses were the chicken course (it's literally falling off the bone), the "egg and chicken funnel cake" (as my friend and I dubbed it... trust me, it's incredible), and the beef kabobs. I have a feeling I would have loved the baklava too... unfortunately I didn't make it that far. I got to the cous cous and had to abandon ship. I literally couldn't eat another bite. If you want a ton of delish ethnic food at a ridiculously insane price (and like your friends enough to not mind their grubby hands all over your shared platter of food), head to Marrakesh. They will take care of you.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,9/7/2008,144,305,1,7,6>West Philly dive bars have a culture all of their own.  Save for Leroy's Showcase Lounge - which I will try very soon - they're usually part of an Ethiopian restaurant, and very, very cheap. Queen of Sheba is no exception.When my friend ordered a vodka mixed drink at the bar, the bartender asked him, "What kind of vodka would you like?"  No matter what kind of vodka he would have preferred, the price would still be the same for mixed drinks on that Friday night: $3.Bill M. does a great job of describing the decor - it's strange, at best.  Not to mention that their air conditioning the night we were there was weak or non-existent.  But watch out for Friday nights here - DJs spinning some of the greatest funk, soul, and italo in the city.  There's a tiny dancefloor, but still big enough to bust out some killer moves.When I want to give my friends a good idea of a West Philly night out, QoS is definitely one of the highlights.  I'll be back there this Friday night, for sure.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,9/6/2008,17,78,6,5,6>This place makes me feel like I've stepped into Greg Brady's attic room after he tricked Marsha out of it. Maybe it's the wood floors, beaded curtain or the fact the the person who I think is the owner clearly had her heyday sometime around 1976 and it shows ("Hellllllooooo....."). It is just your old fashioned health food store complete with lots of vitamins, supplements and vegetarian food. There is a small restaurant in the back, maybe six tables but the chef really takes himself seriously. We ate here twice and had some pretty good grub- carrot ginger soup had wonderful flavor. My dude had fake chicken kebobs- seemed to enjoy it. And, of course, there's always humus.But what I like best is that the place seems to be some sort of portal for the community with regard to food.. My oldest takes kids cooking class here and loves it. There is also a business that rents space there, some sort of tea company. One can walk in on a Wednesday through Saturday ( i think) and have tea and biscuits. It's quite pleasant. And the women who run that business are actually English. So it must be good, right?
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,9/5/2008,2946,2194,6,19,17>Spring Mill Cafe is a romantic BYOB tucked away in a Conshohocken nook. Their charming decor is peppered with vintage artifacts of a bygone era. Walking in is almost like visiting France. (In fact, the owner grew up there.)A friend and I dined here one Friday. We managed to find the place without getting too lost, and their large parking lot was a welcome treat. Besides folks dining on their patio, it wasn't terribly crowded. Dinner was a pleasure. Our server (Nicolleta) was attentive, anticipating our needs, keeping us happy. Our appetizers (ah, escargot!) and entrees were savory, countrified French fare, on par with other Gallic places I've been, and worth the price. My rabbit was a little dry, but tasty, and seasoned just right. My friend enjoyed her dish too.Good company, good cooking, and good service, what's better than that? Can't wait to try their brunch service! Recommended, and worth a trip to the suburbs - they're a short walk from the Spring Mill train stop.P.S. I'm happy to see this review get Review of the Day (ROTD)!UPDATE 2/17/2009: Changing my star rating to 5 - I realllllly had a good time. Also, check out their web site for the latest menu and other updates!
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,9/2/2008,8,32,2,7,7>Sagami may be the best place in the Philadelphia area for basic sushi. You won't find crazy designer rolls here, just straight up yellowtail maki and tuna nigiri. The sushi is always very fresh and tasty. I'm addicted to spicy tunas rolls, and they might have the best basic spicy tuna roll around ("Fireman Special" at Uzu is a different conversation ...) Also, their green tea ice cream is the truth.The best thing about Sagami though is the atmosphere. Located right off a highway before an underpass, it couldn't look less mentionable. But then you walk into this low-ceilinged wood paneled sushi den with waitresses in traditional Japanese garb.  My friends describe it like being in the bottom of a giant sushi boat, enjoying fresh fish in the lower deck. And its BYOSake, which always makes for fun times in the sushi boat.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,4/30/2014,585,298,18,19,15>I was driving up to Baltimore Avenue the other day, and when I passed the fomer site of Elena's soul food, I bowed my head and said "damn I miss that spot, especially the fried chicken! " In the next block I came across a big pink truck with the words Pound Cake Heaven written on the side. I looked around and spotted the bakery across the street from the truck. I love Pound Cake, always did, always will. Inside it doesn't look that much like a traditional bakery, but that's because the star of the show is pound cake. All flavors of pound cake were lined up on the counter when you walked in, there's sour cream, pina colada, lemon, Pineapple Upside Down pound cake, rum raisin, 7 up pound cake, and a huge double layer coconut cake., I haven't had 7 up cake since my mom passed away so you know I had to have that! I also bought a slice of coconut cake. When I told the guy working there named Carlos that my mother made the 7up cake he said she must be from the south. Carlos then talked about the cakes and other products like banana pudding, red velvet cake, bread pudding and sugar free cakes. He beckons me to smell the pina colada cake. One whiff an I was taken to Puerto Rico on Luquillo beach with that fruity drink in my hand! Each slice cost around $4 And is a very very large slice. They use quality ingredients and I need to stay away from this place!!!! I will try and keep it to one visit a month. But all these skinny people can go everyday!! LOL!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/29/2014,47,77,2,11,4>A group of my guy friends have lived down the block from the empty shell that was once "Piano Bar" for about three years and we have been hoping and praying something promising would open up in its place.  To our delightment, Logan opened yesterday with an impressive beer list and a charming staff!  We warned them that we would be frequenting the establishment often and they were incredibly welcoming and kind.  Beer selection is fantastic with something for everyone and they even had Great Lakes Conway's Irish Red Ale, which is my boyfriend's favorite and also quite a difficult beer to locate in the area.  From the owners of Farmer's Cabinet and Sutton's Parlor; Logan has great promise and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  It is my understanding that they got the place renovated and opened within about three weeks so I'm sure there are some kinks to be worked out, but they absolutely have our business.  Cheers!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/28/2014,200,141,1,11,7>I decided to try El Limon after noticing it was the most reviewed restaurant within five miles of my area.  El Limon is easily distinguishable along Fayette St. by the sign above the restaurant.  There wasn't any street parking available near the restaurant when we arrived, so we luckily found a spot at the public parking garage type lot across W 1st Ave.  There are meters long the wall behind each parking space so don't forget to pay it before you leave the lot.  Fortunately, someone left over an hour in the meter for us to eat here.  The restaurant was pretty small inside, so I can see as to why people say it is hard to get seating during peak hours.  At 4 P.M., there wasn't many other people there, so we were able to get a table easily.  Straight to the food, we decided to start with the chips, salsa and guacamole.  The chips were crispier and thicker than other Mexican restaurant's chips but they were pretty good.  The guacamole and salsa were both very good but had a decent amount of spice in them.  My girlfriend went for the asada (steak) quesadilla, which she enjoyed very much.  I tried it and it was one of the best quesadillas I have had at any Mexican restaurant.  As for myself, I went ahead and ordered the asada, carnitas, and chorizo supreme tacos.  They were extremely good, probably some of the best tacos I have ever had anywhere.  The asada was especially good in both of our entrees.  We also tried the Jarritos mango and strawberry sodas from Mexico which were pretty flavorful compared to american soda.  All of the drinks and food only cost me about $25 before tip, which is pretty cheap.Overall, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for cheap, extremely good Mexican food in the area.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,4/27/2014,15,100,4,12,8>One of my favorite date-night spots. Cozy up with one of their fun cocktails or delicious glasses of wine and prepared to be blown away. I've been here with my family, just with my boyfriend, and for their NYE prix fixe night, and had a little bit of everything on their menu.All the food is beautifully presented AND delicious. For date night, we always spilt a few of their toasts; a pasta, raw dish, or salad; and then a dessert. And if you're only going to get one thing here- make it the toast with beef tartare. Easily one of our favorite dishes in the city. And if you're going to get two things, add on the tuna poke....and if you're going to get three things, order their fruit crisp of the evening...and, well at that point, you can walk home happy.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/26/2014,82,112,5,10,9>New Harmony is an entirely vegan Chinese restaurant that blows most Chinese restaurants out of the water PERIOD.I was introduced to this vedgetastic find in the best way anyone could possibly imagine: my friend LJ's catered 80s-themed karaoke birthday bash in New Harmony's party basement (open to the first page of their menu to learn more). There was singing, there was dancing and all celebrators consumed some pretty amazing vegan Chinese food....it was like a vegan Studio 54 (replace 70s with 80s) down there. I knew I had to come back some day soon for a dining room experience. I've returned to New Harmony a few times since then, but I believe that the next time I laid eyes on their food again after that was with LJ. We did take out and she ordered a couple of her favorite things from the menu, including the veggie pancake, which I loved. It was light and fluffy, 100% yum! I was curious about the turnip cake and contributed to the order in this way-- I had done dim sum once before as a vegetarian and all I remember is dissecting a lone turnip cake that kind of met my dietary restrictions, enjoying it, but hating all the picking out of meat that I had to do at the time. Wow! This became an instant hit for all! No weird science project-esque eating for us. Another friend ordered the vegetable lo mein and I loved the good quality of the noodles, crispness of the vegetables and the smokey element included in the sauce. The time I went after that, I dined solo as I was in the neighborhood and remembered the hot and sour soup. I stopped eating red meat at such a young age that I never had the chance to try the non-vegetarian version, and whoah, it kinda doesn't matter at this point! I love what New Harmony is doing with their vegan version. Agar is an amazing thing (this is my educated guess, at any rate)!Since then, I've learned that their dumplings are good when both steamed and fried, although I kinda wish that the steamed version was a little less stiff -- this might be the only hit-or-miss dish in my experience. Otherwise, the sauteed bok choy is cooked to perfection and I love the garlic-y sauce that it's done in.The last time we were there, Ming comped us ice cream, which was so good! I believe it was made with coconut, but regardless, it was a really tasty surprise! A recent fortune cookie from New Harmony basically told me to consider leaving my loving, handsome boyfriend to play the field, but that's neither here nor there. Readings like this beckons a bigger, general question to the Fortune Cookie Universe, "Who writes these things?!?". Now I'm convinced that no place is safe. I love New Harmony and will return and return and return again!
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/25/2014,157,147,22,26,20>When a hotel has 400+ reviews, you've gotta keep yours short and sweet so...10 facts max. Like to hear it, here it go:1. The Revel is huge.2. Self park is convenient and affordable at only $5.3. There's a long line when check-in starts at 4 but the line moves fast with plenty of people at the counter to help you.4. Look for Groupon and Travelzoo deals; they're up all the time.5. We enjoyed our Groupon for a Sunday to Monday stay and the reservations went smoothly (see #4).6. All of the employees were friendly and helpful with directions (see #1).7. Our room was gorgeous with an awesome ocean view and comfy king bed.8. The phone and TV remote control everything in the room. (This is cool).9. We used the $25 credit (see #4) for in room dining. Breakfast was very good, speedy and the gentleman that delivered it provided fantastic service. They automatically add gratuity but we gave him a few more bucks because why not?9. Checkout is fast. You can use the self service kiosks or go to the counter if you're a nerd like me and want a receipt.10. Revel has so many areas and things to do, it reminded me of the Lotus Hotel Percy Jackson almost got trapped in (I have an almost 11 year old so yes I'm referencing tween fiction right now lol). I half expected someone to ask me "is it still 2012?" because they'd gotten trapped in the Revel vortex.  Fin.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/24/2014,180,143,2,9,7>Something has happened to the coffee here - it's BETTER! Delicious, and in contrast to how I used to feel about B2 coffee. This used to be a seldom visited spot for me, as I live in the midst of a coffee shop mecca.  But now, I gotta say, it's my go-to. Bring your own mug - it saves you a bit of loot!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/23/2014,113,296,4,7,5>So it turns out that a lot of pho places in the Delco area are closed on Mondays, but luckily this one was open and ready for business.  My sister and I had just gotten back from a cold hike and decided that today was the perfect day for a giant bowl of yummy noodles.We headed to Anh Hong around lunch time and the place was pretty busy (I guess a lot of people had off for MLK Day).  We were seated quickly and got some tea.  A few minutes later, the waiter came over to take our order.  We decided on the shrimp and pork spring rolls for an appetizer; for entrees my sister got the special rice noodle soup (beef, flank tendon, brisket & beef tripe) and I got the beef and brisket soup.  I believe these were numbers 42 and 47 on the menu.  My sister also ordered the bubble tea.Within minutes the spring rolls and bubble tea were on the table.  The bubble tea was probably the best I've ever had, but that's not saying much since all I've had was the crap sold in the mall.  The spring rolls were incredibly fresh and delicious.  The dipping sauce was a perfect pairing with the spring rolls.  They were devoured within seconds.A few minutes later, the soup came out.  As expected, the bowls were huge!  (It's amazing how much food you get in this entree for around $7.)  The both was super flavorful and jam-packed with beef and noodles.  The accompanying plate of basil, sprouts, and jalapenos was also nice - again, the ingredients were ridiculously fresh. This was the perfect meal for a cold day!  The meal was delicious and the service was super fast.I'll definitely be back in the future!Notes:  This place is BYOB.  They also accept credit cards, but there's a $15 minimum, so if you're planning on splitting the bill with a friend be mindful of the minimum purchase requirement.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/22/2014,584,358,4,9,5>First off, the food is 4.5 stars, service is 4 stars, and seating area is like 3.5 stars.  I had a 6:15pm reservation for me and my mom on a Saturday night.  We had one of the worst tables in the house which was right next to the kitchen.  It was a very busy area, but I did get to see all of the dishes that left the kitchen.  Each dish looked outstanding.  Tre Famiglia is the kind of restaurant you kind of can't go wrong.  So here's my recap.For an appetizer, I had the caprese salad ($12.50), which was awesome.  It was a stack of tomatoes and mozzarella on top of a bed of arugula and doused with vinaigrette.  My mother and I also shared the cheesesteak spring roll special.  Maybe an odd choice to go with here, and for $13 I would not get it again or recommend it.  For our main course, I had the incredible Veal Avanti which was topped with prosciutto, spinach & mozzarella cheese, finished in a garlic demi-glace sauce.  This dish was big, delicious and I ate every bite.  Out of this world!  My mother enjoyed the Flounder Francese and it too was a big dish.  The fresh flounder is batter dipped and served in a white wine-citrus sauce topped with jumbo lump crabmeat.  I had a couple bites and it was also delectable.  I've eaten at Tre Famiglia about five times now and I've left satisfied each and every time.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/21/2014,128,193,12,12,11>Pats vs. Geno's?  Its like a Philidelphian's religion, you pick one and stick to it!  Never cross over to the other side!  My side.... PATS.PATS... don't eat a mis-steak!   I love Pats.  Nothing beats 3am oozy "Whiz Wit" after an Eagles or Flyers game.  Better yet, get the "Heat Attack Wit" if you want all 3 cheeses w/ onions.   The line wraps around the building, but you still get your steak quick because the line moves so fast!  Why does the line move that fast?  1) Have your cash ready in hand.  2)  Cash Only  3) steaks are already cooking awaiting your order, they just slap it in the roll, add cheese, and you're done!  4) Get your soda & cheese fries in a different line.Pats vs. Genos:  Its like a religion.  If you go to Pats, park near Pats.  If you go to Genos, park near Genos.  Once, I was in line at Pats, late night, and someone (alcohol involved I'm sure) love-tapped the car in front of them trying to parallel park.  The customers in line at Pats in front of me says to the driver "Its OK, the guy in that car went to Genos!"  So the driver, still in the car, says "Oh he did!?? In that case...."  SMASH!  He literally hit the gas pedal and rear-ended the car parallel parked in front of him on purpose!  It was the most entertaining line-wait I've ever experienced.  The entire line was cheering and clapping!I once did a "Cheesesteak Challenge" with my friends.  We went to several cheesesteak shops around philly in one day, and ranked our favorites:1.  Pats  -- Fast service, down home Philly attitude, lots and lots and lots of cheese whiz1.  Tony Luke's  (tied 1st place) -- better steak quality, less gritty fat in the meat, but much longer wait time 3.  Jims -- Good quality meat, fine shaven, but I asked for xtra cheese whiz, and still got less cheese than a normal steak at Pats.  Size of Jims steaks are smaller too.X.  Genos -  N/A.  Never eaten here, never will!!
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,2/21/2008,3,36,1,7,6>The Beehive is the first place I got my hair cut in Philly two years ago, and has been the only place I've been to since! Forget the black wardrobes, pounding circuit boy music, and snobby attitudes of other salons, the Beehive is like my home away from home. The staff is ultra-friendly, easy going, down to earth, and the salon itself feels like a hip, retro living room, complete with the owners' chill dogs warming the seat next to you. Do not be fooled by their laid back attitude, however. The Beehive is all about stellar cuts and color, as well as excellent relationship advice.My stylist there, Amy May, has never given me a haircut less than fabulous. They're the kind of cuts that even when they've been growing out for 5 weeks, they still look glam. I routinely come in with little idea of what I want, and Amy's got something hot and fresh in mind for me. Same goes for the bold, red highlights that Bree gave me at the end of May. I was still getting stopped on the street about my stylist/colorist even after it had faded from fire engine red to bronzey-caramel in August.So, in short, the Beehive is the place to be. If you've ever felt pressured to dress up to get your hair cut or are just sick and tired of snobby salon bullshit with overpriced suburban Mom cuts, try the Beehive. They're also super queer friendly!
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2007,2/20/2008,202,329,,4,3>so i was walking my way to sabrina's today...and my nose led me astray.  what is this, i ask?  Isgro pastries?so after i eat a very tasty meal at sabrina's, i stop here.  it looks delicious.  it smells delicious.  cannolis, strawberry shortcake, tiramisu, butter cookies, oh my.i got a cup of tiramisu.  i got an elephant ear.  and a tiny bag (i think 6 total) of biscotti to go with my morning coffee.  grand total?  $14.  my friend got butter cookies.  $16 for a pound?  what?  whoa.  and hence, the missing star.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,2/19/2008,87,194,4,4,5>Of all the punk rock basement venues I have been to I have never been to one that had an electric hot dog roller griller. Yea you know what I'm talking about. One of those heated metal roller things that spin and cook hot dogs. I walk down the stairs and I see this mini freaking hot dog thing, I'm thinking is this for real, and then I see someone eating one, and they had a sign up on the wall( HOT DOGS $1). And I'm thinking...damn I want me one of these hot dogs. Not only had I eaten a small dinner, but I'd never bought a hot dog in a strangers basement before. I came to the realization that I just spent my last 2 dollars on guava/jackfruit vitamin water. I was thus unable to purchase a dog, and would have to spend a dollar on a dog at the Grassy Knoll another time.Besides the hot dogs they sold beer too, they had other Bands CDs up on the wall for sale, which was pretty cool. In attendance for Bill McThrill's Birthday Bash Extravaganza I managed to roll in just in time to catch the final band BLOODY WALL OF GORE. They had A Metal Sound, but with Keyboards, which was pretty cool. I had a good time. Next time I go back rest assured I will have cash in hand to purchase a basement dog.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,2/18/2008,14,28,2,6,6>Went there the other night with a friend to grab a burger. I only really knew about the place from word of mouth and being more of a fun bar type place. However, on that note, the food was great. The burgers were excellent and nice sized portion. As an appetizer we got the GRILLED peanut butter and jelly sandwich and it was fantastic. DA has a great microbrew selection as well.Our server was excellent and very attentive. If you go def. check out the bathrooms (trust me you know why when you see them).
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,2/17/2008,0,5,2,4,2>Oh man, these guys have the best frozen ravioli.  Because pairing wonderful locally-made pasta with my husband's awesome tofu tomato sauce makes for a great meal when we are hosting guests, we eat Nino's take out items often.  And their bread selection is pretty kick-ass as well.  Seriously, if you are in the area, stop by, enjoy the crazy antics of the South Philly Italians and get some great and easy-to-make grub.P.S. Don't tell my husband that I told you about the tofu tomato sauce ... we just moved from Seattle and he's afraid our South Philly neighbors won't find his yoga-practicing, healthy-eating livestyle to be tough enough.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,2/15/2008,161,111,2,8,4>When you first get to the place, it looks like it's a pretty "ghetto" restaurant. After all, it's in a little shopping plaza and the outside isn't that appealing. But what they lack in looks, they more than make up in quality of food. The place is constantly packed, and it's very small. I had to settle with an 8:30pm reservation on a WEEKNIGHT, but that just shows how popular the place is. It was very good from what I've heard, but I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. And boy, I must say that I was impressed to the core. They had a large variety of rolls, sushi/sashimi/appetizers that's designed to please any type of Japanese food eater. Want cooked stuff? Try out their wasabi shu mai. For the raw fish lovers, they have the extremely popular Spicy Tuna Sundae, which is basically bits of tuna covered in spicy sauce and with avocado underneath for the "sundae" flavor, served in a martini glass. It is absolutely amazing! Although they have a large variety of sushi rolls, I'm a raw fish kinda guy, so I went with the sashimi dinner of course. It comes with either soup or salad, and there's an assortment of fishes. Tuna, White Tuna, Fatty Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail. All of them are of amazing quality, even though it was served late at night. Service can be slow depending on how crowded it is, but you don't really notice it when you're with good company. This is definitely one of the best sushi places to goto in the area (I'd say it would even top Sagami). It's about 30 min away from Philly (if you're lucky to not suffer the wrath of 76), but it's worth the trek. If you go all out on the food, you can easily spend at least 50 dollars here. I'm still recovering from my foodgasms as I'm typing this.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2008,2/14/2008,18,63,4,5,4>I'm 46 years old, and my best years are behind me;  I can come to grips with that.   Once I could do side aerials and work the uneven bars like Nadia Comenici.  Those days are long gone.  Last month, my left shoulder and arm starting screaming with pain.   Sleepless nights, long work days didn't help much.  My family doctor told me it was some muscle inflammation, take some pain pills and stop bothering me.   That didn't sit well with me, so I searched out a chiropractor.  Since I've made many deliveries to Healthsource, and found them to be super friendly and generous (hello Carabba's gift card!), I decided to give them a try.  I've been going for a few weeks and Dr. Barnard's adjustments and the trigger point massages by Nicole and Katt are really helping.  The pain is diminishing and I know the Dr. will take care of this for the long term.   I've never tried a chiropractor before, and I'm sure there are a lot of good and not-so-good ones out there.  I'm happy to say that I lucked out and signed on with a good group.  They take insurance and they get me in and out in under 30 minutes.  Thanks for helping me get a good night's sleep.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,2/13/2008,1014,321,14,12,11>My number-one, all-time favorite bar dinner.   Wings, potato logs, extra blue cheese, draft beers for $2.25..... Byrne's is the ultimate neighborhood bar.  Real life here... even the slumming hipsters can't wreck it.  Boys, this is a good test for girlfriend candidates.  If she's too cool for Byrne's, say goodbye... and hello to your own bowl of wings.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,2/11/2008,0,7,,7,3>Wow, what a Team.  Great work - very safe.We originally had a friend give us an estimate, then another friend gave us a quote for $ 300. less, then some neighbors had a locally famous tree service doing work at their house- and gave us an estimate for $ 1000, less than the last guy,  and out of nowhere comes Davey Tree with the best price of all, the nicest salesman, who called us back, showed up , and got the work done.And we thought they'd be out of our price range.     Thanks guys.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2007,2/10/2008,17,122,,4,4>This is a really fun place.  The drinks and food are really cheap and the atmosphere is very relaxed at happy hour.  Once I stayed for the karaoke, but the place got super crowded and I felt like I was at a college frat party.  It was then that I made a hasty exit.  While we were there, we ordered all kinds of finger food, such as nachos (which were good), french fries (also good), and coconut shrimp (a bit of a disappointment).  My recommendation?  Its great for happy hour, but make sure you leave before the karaoke starts, if you don't like crowds and bad singing.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,9/1/2010,18,37,6,6,6>POPE, I have so much fun when I visit that I'm giving you 5 stars, even though it's a bit lame that you took The Misfits out of the jukebox last week.I love that this place carries a million beers. Including elusive brown ales that I feel like no one appreciates besides me...and seriously, you can't drink Newcastle ALL the time, right? I can usually find a seat, either at a table or the bar, even on the busiest nights. The bartenders and waitstaff are spot-on with their recommendations, and they're always in good humor. Or maybe they just like messing with me...I'll admit that's possible.And the food is good, in a stick-to-your-ribs-that's-what-my-stomach wants kind of way. And it's priced reasonably to boot. Really my only complaint is that the bar is a bit too far from my house. Don't think they can fix that.*Please note this review comes with the following caveats which may apply to you: while I love this place and find it quaint, it's definitely a dive for most. It's dark as hell in there (which may be a bonus, it makes everyone look good) and the music can be REALLY loud, which can be annoying if someone has put on Iron Maiden 3 times in a row. If you're ok with that, and can handle a bathroom that's not some pristine affair, you'll be great.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,8/31/2010,2055,3369,5,11,6>OMG - I'm gonna do it.  I'm gonna go all out and give Fri. Sat. Sun 5 well deserved stars.  Tonight was my innaugural experience here - and (even with no reservation - on a Sunday night) we got a great table.We had 2 lovely female servers and everything my friend (a fellow yelper) and I ate was just wonderful.We both started with salads.  She had the Goat cheese, walnut and mixed greens, I had the beet and fresh fennel salad - and subbed goat for bleu cheese.   My salad was truly dreamy - and almost like eating 3 salads in one.  It was artfully presented ring-mold style with the top layer (salad No. 1) being a mache mix in a light and PERFECTLY balanced vinaigrette (just the right blend of acid and oil).Under the mache layer was salad #2 - a crunchy, cold layer of shaved fresh fennel with (again) the perfect dressing ratio.  Now - you must understand that I am the quintessential "on the side" kind of gal.  I almost always ask for dressings and sauces "on the side" - but here I did not - and I am glad.  The salad was PERFECTLY dressed.Around the edge of the plate was sub-salad number 3 - sliced, sweet, red beets and toasted pine nuts.This salad was worth every blessed penny of the $12.For an entree I chose a "small plate" (which was not small -more like medium size) of 8 butternut squash filled ravioli in a delectable brown butter and sage sauce.  (Not diet friendly - but I asked for light on the sauce and it was not too heavy).  The pasta was tender and perfectly cooked and every bite was delicious.For dessert we shared a (dated, I know - but this one was awesome) molten lava cake, served with 2 generous blobs of home-made whipped cream - each topped with a strawberry fan.2 cups of coffee later (the house blend is custom roasted for Fri. Sat. Sun. and it is yummy) we were so darned happy!What a wonderful evening.  The ambience (this is a GREAT date place, dimly lit, romantic vibe), music (mellow '60's), service and food were all TOP NOTCH.This ain't no Garces/Starr/Industrial place.  It's not slick.  It's an urban townhouse rest-o and as Arnold Schwartzenager might say..."I'l be baaack..."I can't WAIT to go back.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,8/30/2010,39,253,2,6,7>Simply wonderful! Looking for some comfort goodness today and I knew exactly where to turn. I have been wanting to visit Cafe Lutecia ever since moving to the neighborhood and this was the perfect occasion. The bf and I ordered two soups (tomato bisque and a red pepper and crab bisque) and two sandwiches (croque monsieur and brie w/basil and tomato). The soups were absolutely phenomenal - warm, thick and absolutely perfect. The sandwiches need separate mention. The croque monsieur was good albeit a bit heavy, though not surprising considering the ingredients. The brie with basil and tomato sandwich was full out awesome. It was super simple but the ingredients were extremely fresh and wonderful. The brie was so perfect and cut into the perfect thickness; not so thick it was all I could taste and not so thin I wondered why I paid the money to taste it. The prices are a bit steep but the products are worth the extra cash. Two sandwiches and two soups came to $30 which is a little steep for a simple lunch but considering I needed the comfort and the pick-me-up, well that's a cheap fix!
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,8/29/2010,84,198,13,4,6>True.. if Taco Loco was in a field in west PA you would think someone was cooking meth in there, but instead they are cooking the best Mexican food in Philadelphia hands down. I would eat here everyday if I was not guaranteed an express trip to heart attack city. Their tortas rank up on my all time top sandwich list, that's right "all time!' .. I must stress this is like a Kanye West "all time!" proclamation. They have a ton of options: pork, tripe, chicken (the weakest of the bunch-skip it), chorizo, carne de whatever...if it was clucking, mooing, squealing at one time you can get it dead smothered in sour cream, cheese, avocado and on a delious salted grilled bun. I usually have a side order  of a couple of their  tacos- a little greasy w/ some of the fatty meats, but still excellent- to accompany my torta. All that for 10 bucks!  The burrito is decent too but unfortunately it's the sister that is ok looking but no one pays attention to her cuz her sisters are way hotter-kinda like that kardashian sister who no one knew b4 she married Lamar Odom.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,8/28/2010,22,93,5,5,3>Simply wonderful and unique.  A style that can be seen on the sides of buildings throughout South Philly.  Trippy as hell.  An ideal location to have a mid-summer dinner party.  A place that is better left described by others pretentious enough to feel their description is relevant.Bring a camera and friends.  It's worth the admission price.But what's up with the artist's God complex?
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,8/27/2010,93,112,5,13,10>Holy deliciousness!  These guys know what they are doing and make some of the tastiest sausage ever!  Their vegetarian sausage is the best I ever tasted and made from local veggies--mmmmm. Of course they have meat sausage as well; my mom (biggest and choosiest foodie ever) LOVED the asian chicken sausage and my boyfriend (a sausage snob) LOVES the Mediterranean lamb/beef sausage.  I'll be honest and say yes, I did have a bite of each and they were out of this world! Their wheat berry salad side is lovely and the music they play while you wait is rad as well.  Definitely peep these guys out--but be warned, you'll be dreaming of their sausage....
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,8/25/2010,109,163,5,9,9>First Vietnamese hoagie I've ever had, introduced to me by my ex, and I was hooked immediately. Their tofu hoagie is so freakin' tasty it makes me do a little food dance. The sweet potato one is delicious too. The owners are friendly and make the sandwiches pretty quickly while you wait. It's the perfect take out for a nice weather day. We used to go and eat them on a bench in the park across the street. But beware, the rolls are so toasty and crispy you will have a mess in your lap. And definitely don't eat them in your car if you don't want to vacuum it out later. Since I don't live in the city, it has been awhile since I've eaten them (they close around 6-7:00pm), but I can't wait to get back there and bring some friends to try them out too.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,8/24/2010,97,108,21,8,8>Tonight I went to Woody's for probably my 5th or 6th time and experienced the most glorious moment of my life. In the midst of their typical Saturday night dance party upstairs, the DJ turned on Lady Gaga's Bad Romance and literally every single gay guy there - from one's you would assume were straight to the super queens - broke out simultaneously into both song and booty-shaking dance. Enough said.(PS - they make the strongest drinks in the city, hands-down)
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,8/23/2010,23,164,8,6,5>Dude, I totally dig this joint. Let me tell you what...Brunch: this place is awesome brunch. I pity the fool that isn't enjoying biscuits and gravy or huevos rancheros here at least once a month. Is that the produce section in your bloody mary? I believe it is. Garnishes galore. Really nice time, every time.Dinner: this place is awesome dinner. We tried a variety of dishes and they were all a hit. Get the mac n cheese. Get a corn bread. Then get it on! Pick any entree, you can't lose.Drinks: this place is awesome drinks. That freaking patio is the best outdoor space I have been to in the city. Even on a slow night, you can have a blast. I promise.Dancing: I didn't mention the club yet, but it's also rad, but not entirely my scene most nights. But if you cut rugs for a living, you will dig it like a backhoe.My, my, my. A mi me gusta.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,8/21/2010,51,94,10,6,6>If you're new to Philly, this is a definite stop for you. SOFT PRETZELS! They are doughy, they are yummy, they are soft, they are pretzel, they come off a conveyer belt for you and go right into your mouth. The place opens after midnight b/c that's the time they start cranking out pretzels for the masses. The guy who will serve you here after midnight is not happy, so don't give him any crap, or you're gonna get a pretzel where the sun don't shine. Anytime to experience pretzel heaven when you're drunk and stumbling home from the bar is a perfect time for a piping hot soft pretzel. Tuesday into Wednesday nights is what they call "Pretzel Bike Run". It's basically a bunch of hipsters of all kinds that trek from West Philly and anywhere else to get some pretzels. This is one of the craziest nights and should be avoided unless you really want a pretzel? If so, you'll have to deal with a bunch of savvy, mixed-matched dressed, talking about what they just read online, scene stealers. Don't worry they don't bite, just toss them a Vice Magazine to fight over and soon a mouth-watering pretzel is YOURS!Every time you come here the pretzels are still awesome. There isn't a special day where they taste any better or less. Don't get crazy now, they're just pretzels. You have choices of different mustards. Pepsi is your only choice of beverage, get over it. There are vending machines in the premise. Back in my day, there were only pretzels, that's it!If you're complaining about this recession, then buy a pretzel! It's cheap and if you're still bitching, cut down on your bar nights. I see some of you every night at the same bar complaining about money. So let's get PRETZELS!!!Obama may have the Peace Prize but I got the Pretzel Price!
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,11/26/2007,12,38,3,2,3>This place puts me in mind of evo's circa '99... The music is always on time.  The people look like they fell out of a m.u.s.c.l.e.s. multi pack (and not because they are fit--see children's toys) and you have to wear a goofy wrist band.  I gave 125 a 4 solely on the quality/consistency of the music and hours of operation.  If you do not want to see extra curricular activities, don't go out after 2am.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2007,11/25/2007,20,44,4,1,3>Wawa is the best convenience store on this side of the Atlantic*, but this particular location is a bit lacking.  I don't know if they cut a no-competition deal with Cereality or what, but their cereal offerings are limited to a single box of Cheerios hidden away on a bottom shelf.  WTF, Wawa?  Don't you know that cereal is one of the four student food groups?  I had to trek all the way up to Fresh Grocer just to get some freaking Cinnamon Toast Crunch.*except Famima!!, which doesn't fully count as American anyway
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2007,11/24/2007,213,398,9,57,9>i photographed a wedding here this past weekend, so i really got a good feel of what this place is like. i am going to break this down into pros & cons.PROS: - new construction (looks pretty, elevators, everything is in perfect condition)- nice view of cooper river, you can see philly from the decks- good wait staff - nice natural light- good for photos- "easy to get to" location - literally 2 quick turns off of route 70- nice appetizers and food that looked good (didn't eat dinner because i was working)CONS:- they say the area is good for 200 people but it was horribly cramped with the approx. 160 people who were there- tiny dance floor, with the only entrance to the room dumping directly into the dance floor (can be hard to get past the dancing people, lots of spilled drinks, etc)- visible room dividers (looks icky)- possibly the worst overall layout i've ever seen. the bar is near the staircase & elevator and it turns into a gridlock situation. not enough room for serving drinks. the buffet area is in another room which is impossible to get to because you have to pass through this area twice. also because of the compartmental-feel, people are constantly missing things... i.e. the dad can't hear the announcement to come dance with his daughter, the groom can't be found because he is getting dessert, etc.  people are constantly trying to get to places but cannot, at least with that large of a group. maybe if you had less than 100 attendees it would work.- only 2 bartenders were working - most people spent half their night in line. not good.- lacked eleganceoverall, i would not host a wedding or party here... may be more suitable for a business event. hire extra bartenders and don't fill the room even close to capacity!
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2007,11/23/2007,588,1219,6,3,3>Sure, eating Geno's in front of Geno's is one thing.  But wrapping a dozen in tinfoil and flying back to DC on 95 going, well, 95 is a guaranteed way to make some good friends into better friends. (or to win over your friend's girlfriend's Dad who grew up in South Philly)Good thing I didn't get pulled over.  Apparently, packages of three cheese-steaks in tinfoil on your back seat look surprisingly like a key of either heroin or cocaine.  and you know those drug dogs would have lost their minds over the extra wiz w/ onions.(I should have brought back two dozen...so many regrets...)
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2007,11/22/2007,308,650,5,4,5>LOVE LOVE LOVE MARK!WANNA ROLL HIM UP AND SUGAR AND CINNAMON AND EAT HIM!no wait....thats what he said about a previous customer. But the same goes for him!This antique store is tiny but has lots of great items on the CHEAP! My boyfriend and I bought 2 retro little suitcase....2 for $20! WITH KEYS!cmon now thats just silly.He writes your name down on the receipt and repeats it (great memorization technique). He wants to remember you and I find that to be quite a rarity now'a'days.If youre in the area (located across the street from eastern state penn) go inside and take a look. Tell Mark that Jenn and Hugo from NY sent ya!
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,11/21/2007,91,5,,9,7>First, full disclosure: my parents were married in this church, and I feel it would be sacrilegious to say anything negative about St. Mary's Hamilton Village (The Episcopal Church at U. Penn) based on that rather than the whole "holy" thing. I attended the 11 a.m. service a few weeks back when fall had just started revealing herself in subtle ways. I walked from the Septa station on the corner of South Street and Convention Avenue through the quiet campus (shhhhh hung-over college students sleeping). The temperature was above light-sweater but below shorts and sleeveless shirt, and the breeze was mild-mannered. The walk itself was a spiritual experience.   I had been to this church once before (twice if you count my baptism but I can't seem to recall much about that) three years ago for an evening Easter Vigil, so I had yet to see the sanctuary during the day. The space is Gothic and gorgeous with a large dome above the altar and two smaller domes on each side featuring mini-altars. It's hard to imagine a time when the ratio of people to pews was even--as the crowd was sparse. That didn't stop those who were there from generating their warmth. Smiles abound as I sat down, and I think just about everyone made their way over to shake my hand during the peace. The choir exuded an enchanting sound, and the two scripture readers made honest mistakes that they both laughed their way through. After the service, three people extended separate invitations to the potluck brunch (held the third Sunday of every month), each of which I gladly accepted. The camaraderie continued through the hearty meal. I enjoyed meeting some of the parishioners; a one-year-old named Sebastian took a liking to me and my corn muffin. Although I'm still searching for a parish I'd like to attend regularly, St. Mary's is a promising contender. Going there felt like going home--in more ways than one. Eucharistic services are held at 11 a.m. every Sunday, stmarysatpenn.org.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,11/20/2007,72,89,1,5,4>Why does Fluid only have 5 reviews!??? Fluid has remained one of the consistently reliable clubs in Philadelphia for over ten years. That's quite a feat! Questlove has spun here occasionally for several years. B-boys used to frequent this place. At most clubs, I'm usually very much on the floor but here I actually preferred to hang back and watch the fantastic dancers and the styling folks who tended to pop in here. Honestly, I tend to associate Philadelphia's historic DJ culture with Fluid more so than any other club in Philadelphia. This may or may not be the case today but, from its inception, important DJs have either spun at or attended Fluid's parties. Besides, it has put a lot of thought and effort into its decor (which I quite like), which is more than what I can say of most clubs in Philadelphia. I hope that I can find more/up-to-date reviews of Fluid and its regular parties on Yelp when I next visit Philly.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2007,11/19/2007,410,73,11,9,6>wow i remember when the bell was just sitting behind one of those sanguine colored velvet ropes and thats all that was blocking you from it. you used to be able to sneakily reach over and touch it or heck even stick your gum on it. but now.....they have it all glassed in with cameras and the whole deal, i mean maximum security for the liberty bell? since when?
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,11/18/2007,212,269,8,15,10>I hate to bust Horizons' chain of eight 5-star reviews...That's a lie. I'm glad to do it.  In fact, I'm being quite generous with the four stars.  While I am omnivorous, I am a willing and, indeed, contented eater of vegan cuisine.  I am also the sort who licks her plate clean.I dined at Horizons with a vegetarian marathon runner, and two omnivorous friends.  Only the veggie runner finished her food.  The portions were on the small side, and, if the food was a little more delicious, I am sure we all would have scarfed it down.  I ordered the Hearts of Palm Paella, which was pretty tasty, but overwhelmingly salty.  My dining companions ordered the Pacific Rim Tofu & the Peppercorn Tofu (2x).  We started with the Vietnamese Bruschetta and the Deviled Oyster Mushroom Fritters.  The appetizers were definitely the best part.  Maybe it's unreasonably nit-picky, but I have to say, I'm disappointed that Horizons doesn't seem to change their menu seasonally.  The dishes mentioned in reviews posted months ago are the same I saw on their menu a few nights ago.  If I'm going to drop $40 on dinner, a vegan dinner no less, I want the finest in seasonally available produce.Service was good, though, and the wine list-- not bad! I know you vegans have it rough, so I'll be generous with Horizons.  But honestly, it tasted more "vegan lean cuisine" than "vegan haute cuisine."
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,11/17/2007,46,165,2,5,5>Pretty extensive food menu for a little dive bar off of Locust.   You may even pass it.  Small little hole in the wall offering a bite and lots of drinks!The crowd is pretty mixed.  I usually go during a weekday around 7PM and I like it.  It is not tooo crowded but it is busy!Staff is great and pretty friendly.  I did not expect that at all.  I am used to people ignoring me when I go to a little dive bar.  I think it is cute that they call themselves a cafe.  But then again their menu is not bad at all.  A definite must to get a few drinks and chit chat with your new found friend!!!Enjoy!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,12/15/2011,99,109,4,6,8>The classic baseball meal has never been my favorite. Nor is a hot dog something you'd see on my grill at summer cookouts. Still, Hot Diggity has earned my adoration and praise as the best new restaurant to open on South Street in years.This new spot on 6th is, sadly, surrounded by many boarded up storefronts, as is the norm in our neighborhood now. But the shop's green walls, urban lighting and long rustic hightops are inviting enough -- even before you see the food. I sampled the Big Kahuna on one of the hottest days of our recent heatwave. The Sabrett's beef dog, topped with spicy pineapple salsa and habanero aioli, was surprisingly refreshing for such a sweltering day. Juicy pineapple mixed well with savory beef and the creamy/hot aioli, though the grilled red onions and and sweet guava mustard were barely discernible through all the different tastes. My only complaint: the juicy salsa left my Liscio's mini roll soggy on the bottom and the meal difficult to eat without making a huge mess. That's not to say I wouldn't order it a dozen more times, though. Mmm.A Surf N' Turf special was billed as a Philly classic (I most appreciate their Philly dog for its lack of anything pretzel or cheesteak-related), inspired by the Levis version, wrapped in Bacalao fried fish and topped with vinegar-y pepper hash and spicy brown mustard. Not something I'd normally order, but a pleasant and delicious surprise (my boyfriend had this, and I enjoyed it more than my own order).Service is quick and friendly. This former falafel joint is clean and open, with plenty of seats for an eat-in meal. An illustrated menu (by Philly guy Hawk Krall) will lead you through the 10 heavy-loaded creations, laden with flavored aioli, savory toppings, relishes, cheese, sauce, fruit salsa and more. I eschew the use of the word "gourmet" when unwarranted, but it's appropriate here. The dogs are creative, filling and worth coming back for again and again.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/14/2011,180,143,20,17,15>I have a confession. Well, a problem, really. I am owning up right now: Hi. My name is Gale. (HI GALE.) And I'm a soap-a-holic.Now, I know what you're thinking: Gale, one cannot POSSIBLY be TOO clean, right? Well, it's not how much I cleanse, it's just the sniffing that gets me in trouble. Today I persuaded a friend to walk with me in my Passyunk neighborhood. As we passed the string of delicious eateries and local shops, we both ccaught a whiff of something delectable - not exactly edible, but good - REALLY good. We commented to one another, and then concluded it must be something wafting out of one of the Italian spots. But when we crossed the street to head back, I saw it across the street. An open door. Warm orange walls. And a banner overhead. SOAP. "SOAP?" I said, already halfway across the street as my friend followed, perplexed. We wandered in and entered a world of sensory wonder. Handmade soaps crafted by two welcoming gentleman (and the wife of one, whom I did not meet just then) lined the shelves and display tables. A fan blowing the air from a newly minted batch was what had drawn us in. And I did NOT escape before purchasing a Licorice & Lavender bar of soap, while my friend got one Mojito and one Margarita. We were given complimentary lip balms and tried samples of facial scrub and body butter. Bath Bombs are in the works this week, and classes will be hosted on a regular basis.                                                                 I.                 CAN'T.                  WAIT. I want to LIVE in a shower of lather and steam. And this place is seriously just down the street from me? Problems abound, my friends. PROBLEMS ABOUND. So if you see me at the next event and I smell like Black Licorice and feel as smoooooove as KY jelly, you know who to thank. The new boys occupying the best smelling shop on EPA. Now go scrub thyself.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,12/13/2011,98,260,4,5,7>I'm not going to lie, it's pretty tough to get less than 4 stars from me when your establishment gives me free beer on a Saturday afternoon. But what pushed the free tour and tasting from Philly Brewing Company up to 5 stars? The ability to try each and every beer they have on tap. Plus, the staff is really friendly and is happy to answer questions or just talk to you about beer in general. The tour itself was pretty standard -- ingredients in beer, bottling, distribution. I was kind of bummed that the line wasn't running that day. But that just means I will have to return!I loved the chance to try all of the beer PBC has to offer. I tend to gravitate towards Kenzinger, Joe Porter and Walt Wit but was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed Rowhouse Red. I left carrying an assorted case and a grinning a huge smile.This is definitely worth checking out on a Saturday afternoon.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,12/12/2011,303,225,,7,3>Where can you get a boutique, salon, play area, and classes for your kids all under one roof? You found it here. I was lucky enough to stumble upon Nest on the way to a Patco station and I am so glad I did. The deco is amazingly cool, the staff is super nice and it's accessible by being right next to a train station.Not only have I enrolled my daughter in a Pop-Hop dance class, but I was able to try out the play area complimentary. The play area is NICE and will be so perfect in those times when it gets cold and I really need to let the kid unwind somewhere. If you have little ones, especially crawlers and toddlers, the play area is great. My daughter is on the older side (4) and she still had fun. Definitely better for the smaller nuggets but it didn't deter me from signing up for a membership. $30 a month buys us unlimited visits for play time... considering one visit is $20, it pays for itself if you have intentions of using it. Free wi-fi and a bar surrounding the play area entrance with outlets for those who need to stay connected. Also, they don't play annoying as all hell kids music on the overhead... I get enough of that at home, the last thing I want is more sing songy crap when I go out of the house.One thing to keep in mind is they literally just opened and like all new businesses there are still some minor kinks that need to be ironed out but overall? A winner in my book.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,12/11/2011,190,62,6,6,4>There aren't too many proper wine bars in this city, and I know Tria is the obvious favorite, but let me tell you why, even though I love Tria, I would actually say Vintage is superior in several key ways.Vintage offers an extensive wine selection, with plenty of affordable but delicious bottles, and a wide selection of wines by the glass. The servers are knowledgeable about the wine and are quick to offer samples from the menu. Last time I was there, I was looking for a tart but not too sweet white, and the server allowed me to try three different wines before making my choice. Very accommodating and friendly. They also offer a pretty decent beer bottle selection, and the food is relatively cheap, with a burger and other similar entrees clocking in at only $11. I've personally never eaten here, but friends of mine have, and have said it ranged from just OK to great. So, Vintage may not be a go to spot for food, but if you're going for amazing wine, and an extensive selection, the food comes secondary anyway. Another plus about this spot is that even though it's hip and top quality, it's rarely over-crowded, and it's often easy to find a seat or spot at the bar even on weekends, making it an ideal place to start or stop your night of bar crawling, or for a brief repose from a day of running errands or splurging at J. Crew (not referring to myself here).If your personality isn't abhorrent, this is an easy win for a first date drink. This is also a good place to dump someone, too. Plenty of delicious wine to take your mind off of reality. If only we had more wine bars like this in Philly.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,12/10/2011,55,137,5,8,5>This place is a winner in my book!True, if you eat here more than once a month, the blood in your arteries will be replaced by cholesterol instead.True, the syrup they provide with their breakfast items is chiefly a combination of corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup, This is definitely more of a BYOMS place, bring your own maple syrup.True, if you walk in here thinking that you're just going to have a sandwich for dinner, your eyeballs will bulge once you look at the prices on the menu.But!!! If any restaurant were modeled on heaven, this would surely be the place.  Your meal actually starts with a small selection of complimentary pickles and delicious bread, before the waiter brings your sandwich out.  These are top-notch deli sandwiches with enormous portions served in a spotless, mostly-white restaurant that shines by attentive and friendly staff.  The portions really are ENORMOUS - enough to make two or three hearty meals. But after your eyeballs are done bulging at the size of these things, the meats are moist, savory, and flavorful.  The service is super friendly and attentive. And they give you chocolate chip cookies with the check. Bottom line: Go for the full fat corned beef if you're getting corned beef. Come hungry.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,12/9/2011,238,323,6,15,8>Oh.My.Gosh.So, to tell the truth, my wonderful life partner isn't that into fancy food. Give him a plate of french fries and beer any day, and he's thrilled. But this is what happened."Well, we'll definitely come back here, because it just made you so happy."Oh yes, yes it did.The menu is separated in a few distinct lists: For the table, which is the equivalent of appetizer nibbles, Plates, which are small to medium plates of delicious complex flavors, but don't delude yourself that you can share a single plate with more than one other person. The Dirt List, which I hope Vedge becomes infamous for, is a daily changing menu of wonderful things. Then there's the beer, wine and cocktail lists. And then (perhaps my favorites) the dessert and after dinner drinks.We had pickles for the table, which came with a creamy mustard dip. The serving time was impeccable, attentive but not too overly so, so when we finished that, we shortly had our first plate, some open-face banh mis and a squash soup from the Dirt list. The banh mis were a bit pickled, and not so finger or fork friendly, but I cut them up anyway and scooped up any stray traces of that creamy siracha sauce.Our second plate was the hearts of palm, which husband said "looks like an enchilada." It'd say it was more like a dosa, laying in a wonderful pool of lentils.But really. People need to know. The dessert is worth flipping your shit over.We had cookies and the toffee pudding. The toffee pudding was wonderfully sweet and warm, so great for winter. And the cookies were actually a varied and delicious assortment. For drinks, we had a couple very good beers, a cocktail, and muscat for after dinner. I should warn that as a fancy place, the cocktails and drinks are small, but I don't see that as a downside. The muscat had a very strong flavor, and frankly, the cocktail was very strong in a small size!I wonder if people will ever be able to write non-essay reviews of Vedge, because it really is worth the letter space to write all this. Seriously, go. I'd also suggest not worrying about price, because even with two drinks each, we came out to $50 a person. Not bad in my opinion for a fancy place. Without alcohol, it would've been much less (although, then we would've gotten more desserts!). Vedge, so glad you're here.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,12/8/2011,563,317,26,14,9>Before embarking on your review of this review, there is one word that you need to understand.  That word is zep.Inquiring minds may want to know what the "zep" is, so I will expand your horizons of culinary understanding with the following definition:A "zep" is a cold sandwich served on a round kaisar roll (a hoagie roll is an acceptable alternate) with provolone, cooked salami, tomato, white onion, olive oil, and oregano.  Hot peppers can be added without violating the "zepheitsgebot", the zep purity law first codified in Norristown in the 1940's.Now, the zep is not an Italian hoagie.  It is not even close.  There is no lettuce.  There is no ham.  There is no pepperoni.  There is no genoa salami.  Do not walk into Lou's and confuse the zep with the hoagie...this is a fatal noob blunder that will immediately mark you as an infidel and you will, like the poor lost souls of the soup nazi, be cast out into zep-less darkness where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth and shattered dreams of zep eating bliss.But, good reader, having been enlightened with what a zep is, you now must make the sacred pilgrimage to Norristown and partake of this local masterpiece.Only then, when you have supped on the Lou's zep, can you dare utter, "I have truly lived."
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,12/7/2011,311,132,14,4,8>After dinner, my date looks me in the eye very seriously and asks if I like spontaneity. If I'm the type of girl who likes adventure, open to trying something new. Apprehensive but burningly curious, I respond with a quivering "Yes..." He tells me he knows a place I might like. The El Bar. Modeled after a subway car, with loose women dancing provocatively on the poles. Trying to keep up the carefree, down-with-everything front, I nervously laugh and assert that I've always wanted to see what those places are like but have been too shy (meanwhile I am texting 911 to my friends).Luckily for everyone, The El Bar is not a strip club. And that guy I went out with is a lying, deceitful wanker. It's a good atmosphere - pool table, pinball machine, good drinks, eye-pleasing bartenders. Bring your hipster friends.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,12/6/2011,183,210,6,8,4>I have worked out regularly (4-5 days a week) for the past few years ... yoga, running (half marathons, Broad St run), lifting and cardio at the gym, spinning .... I've tried almost everything. This summer, I decided to try out some boot camp classes, and I got hooked. I was getting great workouts and had never worked harder. I thought I was in good shape and doing fantastic.Then, I tried out my first ranger training class with Sgt Nate in Washington Square Park. I would like to share my thought process.5 minutes in - "This is just the warm up?" 10 minutes - " He wants me to do 20 what?" 30 minutes - "Okay, my legs might give out while I'm doing one of these so called recovery loops.." 40 minutes - "Keep breathing. Just keep breathing." 45 minutes - "I don't know if I can really step up onto this fountain one more time without falling in head first. Which isn't such a bad option." 50 minutes - " I might die."52 minutes - "Really, I might jump into the fountain now. Or fall in after I die"54 minutes - "If I have to do one more rocket launcher, I might not be able to walk home. Because I might be dead."60 minutes - "I DIDN'T DIE!!! I CAN'T BELIEVE I DIDN'T DIE!!!"Since that day, I am happy to report that I have returned to 5 or 6 ranger training classes at the Schuylkill Banks and Rittenhouse and to a couple of his indoor classes called Strengh Tone Conditioning at the Camac Center. I signed up for an unlimited membership for October, because it is seriously the best thing I've ever experienced. If you really commit yourself, I don't see how transformation could  not happen. (Did I say that right? It has to happen!)The ranger training classes are generally split up into circuits of different exercises with running included that are repeated 4 times. The workouts are always different, and I am always sore somewhere. For example, yesterday, we partnered up by the river. While one partner was holding a wall sit; the other was running up to the top of the Walnut Stairs and doing 10 burpees and running back down. Then you switched places. That was repeated 4 times. Then we did suicides!  I'm not joking! That was only about 1/2 of the workout too.Tell me that isn't hard core??!He is expanding his studio with more indoor class options this fall, which I am sure will be fabulous. He has a couple of other instructors who are just as hard if not harder than he is, but he teaches almost all of his classes. I am looking forward to becoming a regular and really diving in for the month of October. He is motivational  and very supportive. You don't "get in trouble" or get yelled at for not being able to do something, but the small class atmosphere certainly has you wanting to keep up with those guys and gals that have been doing this for the past 3 years. Nate has a big knowledge base and knows and can tell you exactly why you are doing a certain exercise.Don't take my word for it. Try it. You'll get hooked. This, however, is a great thing to get hooked on.*end novel*
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,7/15/2009,29,64,9,12,11>First off, LET'S ALL AGREE that $20 for a round trip ticket fr. NYC to Philly is pretty damn good.  Now...who here on Yelp agrees that you get what you pay for?  I DO.Seriously people, don't complain over broken bathrooms on buses, stops in NJ, etc. when all they ask you to pay for is $20 for a roundtrip ticket.  IF you don't like it, go on over to Amtrak and pay $70+ for your pampered asses.Sorry, sorry, I'm coming off as an a-hole...but c'mon, you buy from a shady bus company, you GET a shady bus company.On a side note: I've used Apex & 2000 Century a bunch of times.  Apex leaves every hour, whereas 2000 Century leaves every half an hour.  Also, I have found out that Apex has wifi (which was a few months ago, I don't know if it still stands).  Now, it is true that they try to get as many passengers as they can which will make the bus leave later than usual (sometimes even 20 min. later)---but again, if you are short on time, shell out a bunch of cash to Amtrak and take that.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,7/14/2009,49,111,14,8,8>ADDICTED.That is the one word I will use to describe how I feel about this store. So many people kept telling me that I needed to get my sweet behind into Duross & Langel. So many people began telling me this, in fact, that I started to assume that my personal hygiene habits were perhaps not what they should have been.Well, if I really do stink, Duross & Langel has solved that problem with their tangerine soap and shower gel that smells just like lemon meringue pie that I bought today during my very first visit to this amazing store. Stinky butt be gone! Now I will smell like pie.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,7/12/2009,47,142,5,13,8>I'm used to being served pho quickly without any intervention in regards to waiter-service.  That's fine, I know what I'm doing with this pile of immersed food.  Just hand me my bowl and I'll take care of myself, no need to ask me how my meal was or how I'm doing.  However, I do always want a glass of never ending ice-water as soon as I take a seat.  Pho's a long, hot, and salty journey and I'd like to make it through.  Most places you have to ask for ice water and ask again once it's empty.  That's why I like Pho Xe Lua, you get the water and they'll leave you alone otherwise.Pho here is above average, the noodles have some resiliency to the bite and the broth is aromatic.  And when you ask for tripe, they really give it to you.  Man, I love tripe.  I've also had the bun bo hue, a spicy Central-Vietnamese bowl of soup.  It was on-point.  Reddish, hot oil slicked surfaced and out of this world lemongrass-spicy notes.  Chopped pigs feet (which is key to the dish).  Don't be scurred by that, I think everyone should try out bun bo hue if you like pho.  I don't think the soup is getting its just due being overshadowed by its monolithic northern brethren.  So if you would like to try bun bo hue, go here first to give it a proper start.There's also live tanks filled with lobsters, dungeness crabs, fish and such.  I wonder if I can get seafood pho and have them dunk a lobster in my bowl.  Mmm... opulence.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,7/11/2009,65,83,,8,6>This place was pricy, but beautiful, and delicious.  Ask for a bar menu for some nice selections that are under 20$ a plate.  I am a huge fan of any place that keeps beautiful fresh flowers everywhere, and the flowers here are gorgeous.  The interior was so classy and beautiful.My burger was fabulous!  I ordered it cooked to the chef's liking, and I was glad I did.  It was perfect.The Staff was friendly, and provided excellent service.  Overall, I really liked the Rose Tatto, and am looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,7/8/2009,101,151,10,10,10>Zento further proves that I am every marketing scheme's wet dream. I fall for all sorts of items in cute little packages. So when I saw a high quality picture of their Square Sushi roll in Philadelphia Mag, I had to go. Food needs to aesthetically please my palate AND my eyes. Further more, I have a major crush on Morimoto and learning that the sushi chef here interned under him. Oh, I think I had a wet dream, myself.The restaurant is small. T he space here can accommodate about 25 people patrons. Since I'm s-m-r-t and didn't make reservations we had to wait about 45 mins on a Friday night for a table. That wasn't too bad since there are lots of places in Olde City to grab a drink while you wait. The waitress took down my name and cell to call me when a table was ready.We brought a bottle of wine and ordered the square sushi roll, rainbow roll, softshell crab tempura roll, kanpachi (yellowtail) roll, spicy tuna and edamame. The service was great, quick and attentive. All of the rolls were tasty and looked beautiful, however, they were TINY! Their sushi rolls pack a lot of flavor but the size just doesn't do it for me. As much as I love feeling like a giant when I pick up small things, I'd rather not feel that way when picking up my food.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2009,7/7/2009,190,178,6,14,7>Just what I've been looking for! I've been having my cravings for cheap, good, and quick Korean food and restaurants in Center City just don't do it for me. Thank goodness for this place! It is very accessible in University City and is a great lunch spot for a study break. It does get pretty crowded but it's worth it. Most of their dishes are under $10 and since it's self served, no need for tip. Don't be expecting the greatest quality of food but this definitely hits the spot when you're craving some kimchi fried rice or ja ja myun. :)
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,7/6/2009,154,244,6,8,8>I heard a lot of hype before finally trying Alfa's happy hour on for size one weekday. And let me tell you something: it fit. Getting there even before they opened their doors, I'm pretty sure I was still their first customer after doing a lap to kill some time in anticipation of what was to come. And what was to come? An impressive menu of $5 cocktails made from the likes of more than just speed-rack booze (I'm talking the good stuff-- champagne included). Plus, they're inspired by 80s movies, music, and celebrities (Emiliooooooo!). They also have great wine and beer deals, but why, when you can have a Flashdance or Silver Spoon? There are tons of different seating options: bar, tables, bar tables (you know, the tall ones), and even cushy couches. My only complaint in the seating department is that the proportion of my stool was odd. So if you're 5' 5", this warning's for you. Finally, the service was great and the drinks were neither super strong (shakes fist) nor super weak (high fives).  And please note that I did not have anything to eat there, so my review is based solely on the libations and atmosphere.  The food did smell great, though.I guess you could call me an Alfa Female.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,7/5/2009,1014,321,10,13,12>There is no real reason to serve 23 ounce Long Island Iced Teas.   A L.I.T. in a pint glass is certainly adequate for all stripes of boozehounds, but Oscar's takes it right past the line of logic.I saw our young, bruised waitress sweep up broken glass three times in our visit there.  Also sweeping up spilt pierogies (at least paper plates can't shatter), and policing the many underagers who attempted to get served. Oscar's is such a dive: a smoke-filled room, sticky vinyl booths, cash only. But surely the cheapest hangover you will every purchase.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,7/4/2009,17,35,6,7,6>As a good Philaburbian and American citizen, I believe we were put on this earth to eat cheesesteaks. Good Cheesesteaks. Non-negotiable delicious cheesesteaks that you must be a terrorist if you frown upon. To kick off my God given mission of shattering the false consciousness that's been instilled in this city of where to get a good cheeseteak (i.e. Pat's and Geno's), I want to start with Grilladelphia. The experience is almost as good as the meal. Grilladelphia is a steakery located in a gas station. A gas station with rose tinted windows, and various legends of rock n roll painted outside. Although Griladelphia used to appear as faceless as any other gas station, it got a trendy makeover for a benefit concert last summer. Once you get past its bold exterior, to your left is the steakery and to the right is the gas station norm. What makes their cheesesteak unique is that it's served in a "pouch" (though the traditional roll is avialabe). The pouch is just a large hollowed out round roll. The meat is flavorful, and they always lay down the right amount of cheese. For about seven bucks you can get a half pound combo that includes a cheesesteak, fries, and a soda with free re-fills. The soda fountain is heavenly. Aside from the usual big names in soda, they have various syrup flavors you can add as well as carbonated water. Combine the two and you can create your own soda. Grilladelphia serves a lot more then cheesesteaks (breakfast and cold pouches), and the gas station seems to have an exotic candy section. It's also open 24 hours! So stop Yelping and get to Aramingo Ave.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,7/3/2009,29,111,3,7,9>I really like this place.  They give you a really big salad and the pizza is yummy even though the toppings are too expensive.  I just wanted to review  the place after I saw that another customer said that they treated handicapped people unfairly.  I wish Pietro's had more outdoor seating, but what can you do?  My dad came to visit when my rowing team was here about a year ago, and he has some pretty serious speech and balance disabilities because of a brain injury.  He went up to the hostess on a busy Saturday night and explained that we were visiting from out of town, and they were very accommodating to him and to the rest of the group.   They seated us quickly and the service was great, considering our big group.  I hope this clears the air for anyone who was concerned about the service at this location.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,8/9/2014,54,111,7,6,5>I told my husband last weekend that I wanted a cheesesteak. He looked totally dumbfounded. I guess it was quite surprising since I'm that gal that usually has to go through a million and one changes just to try and figure out what she wants to eat. So, an actual craving combined with the fact that I wanted a cheesesteak...was enough to really throw him for a loop. We decided on Chubby's. I hadn't been there in ages! Well, it still looks the same and the pickle lover in me was so happy to see the self-service pickles and pepper stand still in place. I ordered a mushroom green pepper steak and my husband ordered his standard x-cheese, x-mayo, fried onion steak. We also got fries.Those steaks had the whole car stinking on the ride home. I was so tempted but I wanted to be fair to him since he was driving. Plus, it's something about being able to slip into your comfy clothes, fuzzy socks, tie your hair up...and dig in! So I exhibited some self control until we got home.It was so worth the wait. I was happy that they got our order right (something we had problems with in the past with Chubby's). The customer service also was pretty friendly so I was happy we went there.Just so you know: I ate the whole thing.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,8/8/2014,308,271,10,12,10>Sweet Jesus. It's been about a month since I had dinner here but I still remember it like it was yesterday.Pumpkin is one of those places that has been around forever and I've always heard good things about it, but I never found a reason to go. I'm generally not big on the BYO scene because I'm more of a cocktail fan than a wine drinker and I don't drink often, so I use going out to dinner as my excuse to get tipsy.I planned ahead for this meal and met up with a friend for drinks beforehand and scheduled a late dinner on a Saturday night (1000 Open table points hell yeah!).We each got an app to start- I went with the lamb garganelli and she got the scallops. The scallop dish came with two big scallops, which I felt was a good value, and they were really delicious. The lamb ragu on the pasta was phenomenal - I attempted to re-create it at home a week later. The fresh mint really made it work. I wasn't as fond of their pasta choice - garganelli is like a small penne pasta but I would have preferred it with fusilli. It was hearty, spicy, and really delicious though. I ate it all.We both ended up getting the same entree, the duck cassoulet. I really enjoyed it, but my duck was incredibly salty and when I compared it to a bite of B's hers was just right. Not sure how that happened but it was definitely on the salty side, even for this salt fiend.That being said, I heated up the leftover beans, blood sausage, and duck the next day, topped it off with a fried egg, and had the most epically delicious post-gym breakfast of all time.Then I took a nap.We also got dessert to share - the malted milk pot de creme. Order this!!! It is one of the best restaurant desserts I've ever had. It was glorious- smooth, creamy, crunchy bits, just sweet enough.Total damage was about $100 before tip, so this place is not cheap. It was a bit pricier than I expected once I saw the menu actually, but I felt it was worth every penny. Definitely a special occasion meal for the future.Also, are there more than 6 tables in this place? It felt like the tiniest restaurant I've ever been in which is saying something for Philly. Reservations very much needed.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/7/2014,393,710,8,16,9>As I sat at Rosa Blanca,and took in the sights, sounds and colors, I considered pouring one out for my homeboy Chifa.  After I took my first sip of a 12 year aged rum, I reconsidered.  It was delicious.The entryway of Rosa Blanca is a diner.  Silver colors abound and a long bar with what looks like a breakfast counter is the first thing you see.  There is a small kitchen off to the left side which has empanadas and other small tasty delights ready to go for the counter crew.We took our seats in the dining room which has an island like feel.  Straw hats sit above some of the the booths and the whole design of the place lets you know it has a more casual vibe than a stuffy one.  On a packed evening, be prepared to shout at your table because this place is very loud.  If you're looking for quiet, seek elsewhere.We began with the guacamole and pulpo.  The smoked pineapple in the guac made it so we demolished that app quickly.  The pulpo was cooked perfectly.  Charred on the outside, soft inside and we rejoiced.For entrees I went with the Masitas de Puerco.  Essentially, it was a pork shoulder cooked using a sous-vide machine and then quickly fried for a crispy exterior.  "Wow!" was pretty much all that I could say upon tasting this dish.  When I had it, I believe it was draped in a chimichurri or something that had parsley, cilantro shallots and lime.  Many times, I save part of my meal for another day.  That was not the case with this dish.  The other people in my party raved about the ropa vieja and the churrasco.If you're a bourbon drinker like me, you will be interested to try some of their rums.  I went the aged rum flight and I was really happy I did.  I didn't know rum could have such incredible flavor notes.  I became a fan that night.I'm ok embracing the change and I hope that Rosa Blanca stays around.  I'll be back for breakfast and lunch.  While I think doing 3 meal service each day is an ambitious enterprise, I'm confident that they will get the food traffic and staff retention to pull it off.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,8/6/2014,331,353,5,15,8>My brother played a show downstairs at WCL and I have never been to a better venue to see him.  The sound and stage were great.  We went right for the bar and found they had a small but decent selection of beer.  It was a little pricier than I expected, but not out of this world.  The bartender was super friendly.WCL is perfect for music lovers of all ages.  If you are young and need to be up front to dance and get crazy, there is room for you.  If you have seen enough bands at this point and just want to enjoy the show from your table while eating dinner, there is room for you.  If you don't want to bother with the crowds and want to just hang out in your seat in the balcony, there is room for you.  There is no reason not to see a show here.  Even the parking was a breeze.I look forward to many more shows here in the future.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,8/5/2014,91,220,4,10,7>This place is new so you might not find it on Google maps. Tip about parking: go on the other side of the block where the Catholic school is and you can park there for free (at least in the winter). What is unique about this place is that their prices are final (includes tax and tip) so don't be intimidated by the prices! Service was professional and on point. Downside with the menu that it doesn't have details about the items but most are pretty self explanatory. Its a small place but we went for weekend brunch in January so there wasn't a huge wait. I can imagine it will get quite busy and quite popular because its doing great so far. The food came out fast. I got the poached avocado with tempeh hash and my friend got the biscuits with gravy - delicious. Coffee was great. I want to go back and try their desserts. 5 stars.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/4/2014,67,126,4,10,7>O-wow! I had the opportunity to stop in to OwowCow Creamery today. After reading the review by Gerald S, I dropped it onto my bookmarks to try.I was impressed. While I expected OwowCow to be a stand-alone ice cream shop, as I pulled into the driveway I was delighted to see that it was part of a quaint little village with a garden center, antique store, carousel, steam train (which runs during the Christmas Holidays) and some animals.The glass counter, where the delicious ice cream lives, was chock full of ice creamery goodness. The counter staff was extremely knowledgeable about all of the flavors they make, and worked to hone in on a flavor they knew I'd be pleased with. They were excited when I told them of Gerald's Yelp review, and  even offered as many samples as I wanted to help me decide. They noticed the Riverhorse Brewery t-shirt I was wearing, and told me that they use Riverhorse Ale in their pumpkin spice ice cream.It wasn't long before I decided on the light chocolate-blueberry ice cream on a sugar cone. It turned out to be the perfect treat on such a hot day. With each delicious bite, it was obvious that they put a lot of care into making their ice cream. I'm looking forward to my next visit to try more of their delicious flavors.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,8/3/2014,91,116,15,19,11>I am pale.  Like not in a picturesque, porcelain, Nicole Kidman kind of way.  More like a I'm pale, but still olive-skinned, so I just look sickly, Jim Gaffigan kind of way...  Yeah.I also would prefer not to look 80 when I'm 40, so I'm not really into sun worshipping or fake and baking.  So my options are either blind my friends during beach trips or spray tan with the lovely ladies at Bronzed.  On many occasions (not all, sorry friends), I choose the latter.I love that they use organic spray, so I don't have to worry about what kind of crap my body is covered in.  I love that I can book online.  I love that they're conveniently located in the heart of Center City.  I love that everyone on staff is friendly, professional and easy to converse with.  I love that I got a free tan after I purchased my first tan.  I love that I got 50% off a tan for my birthday.  And, while I'm sure there is no scientific fact to back this up, I love that mosquitos don't bite me quite as often when I have one of their fabulous spray tans.I don't get naked for strangers very often, but for the ladies at Bronzed and their quality spray tanning skills... you betcha.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,8/2/2014,268,273,7,11,7>Everything at Memphis, the food, the layout, the service, is warm and inviting. As soon as we walked in the door for an 11am brunch, we were greeted by the bartender (owner?) who told us about the brews on tap and invited us to sit at the bar and wait for the rest of our late party.When most of the rest of our ten-person brunch party arrived, we were seated at a table waiting for us along the wall. The restaurant was full of people by the time we ordered, and yet we didn't wait very long for our orders. They must be incredibly organized in the kitchen.I've eaten here once before, so I knew the smoked tofu club, featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, was going to be on point. I decided to sample the lentil meatball spaghetti sandwich this time as well, and split both sandwiches with my husband. The lentil meatballs, spaghetti, tomato sauce, and vegan Daiya cheese are served grinder style in an freshly toasted hoagie roll, cut in half. It was perfect for sharing. For the tofu club, we subbed out a salad instead of the fries. I was pleasantly surprised that the salad was an actual salad, with dark greens and sliced fresh vegetables. The tofu club is still the absolute best thing on the menu, mainly because of their completely addictive homemade coconut "bacon."
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,8/1/2014,65,150,7,9,7>After reading reviews, I knew I HAD to try Tasty Place. On Sunday afternoon, I was in Chinatown for the Lion Parade. Of course, all restaurants were super crowded. I figured this was the perfect time to try out Tasty Place!At first, I didn't think I was in the right place. I entered on Race Street to what appeared to be a small empty room. I walked a few feet and found stairs! BEHOLD! The underground market! Walked past the seafood and I found Tasty Place. I was so stoked I found it. My boyfriend and I were greeted immediately and brought hot tea with cups. We started with the salt and pepper baked wings. They lived up to all the hype. So friggen' delicious!Now, on to the meals. I ordered chicken with eggplant in garlic sauce over rice and my boyfriend got beef lo mein. Everything was so good. The portion sizes were so big. Brought half of it home with me for lunch the next day... mmm.The ambience is far from five star dining, so don't come here for a first date. This is truly a hole in the wall (in a basement) diamond in the rough.I am so excited to come back to Tasty Place and I have been raving about it to anyone I can.Craving the wings. Even though it's ten in the morning...
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/31/2014,115,317,2,6,6>Attended my first class at Sol tonight - great experience.  I tried the Tuesday night power yoga (normally taught by Kristin but subbed by Eric.)  I like that the classes are offered late (8pm is perfect for me), and they seem to have a good variety of classes.  Eric was a great instructor and kept us moving through the poses while encouraging focus on breath and intention.  It wasn't overly strenuous or challenging, but definitely got my blood flowing and worked up a slight sweat. The room was nice and warm (slightly on the hot side, but I'm not complaining about that on a snowy night.)  And the class size of about 10 people fit comfortably in the room.  Everyone seemed friendly... about half the class seemed to be regulars who knew one another - always a good sign.I'll have to come back and try out some of the other classes.  Happy to find a yoga studio halfway between work and home that offers late evening classes!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,1/28/2011,67,112,10,12,10>Cuteness overload.Not that it's bad - I just loved being in here every minute of it. It was about 6 minutes, if you wanted to know that badly. 3 minutes to decide whether I should be good and get just one cupcake or be bad and get three. 0.5 minutes to learn that this place is cash only. CASH ONLY.1.5 minutes to use the ATM.0.5 minutes to make the final decision - three cupcakes it is. hehe.0.5 minutes to pay for the pieces of happiness.I had to go to work soon after so I got to finally enjoy the cupcakes when I got home - 6 hours later it still tasted really soft and delicious. I don't even like cupcakes but these were definitely appealing to the eyes of a cold hearted non-cupcake lover. I didn't have milk so I drank wine with it. Still worked well. :DPS: the Jewish apple streusel cupcake is to die for!!!! YUMPSS: They were all $3 or $4 each. Not bad.PSSS: VERY friendly staff!!! I couldn't have felt more welcomed. Thank you, I'm coming back just because how fabulous you guys were...AND because the cupcake is so delicious.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,1/27/2011,124,147,10,7,10>On Top Chef, a cheftestant proclaimed that "women love crepes." I have been out with 3 separate men, who suggested Beau Monde as a 1st date destination. Is it that men love crepes or is it they are playing the smart money by suggesting the place? Whatever, I'm one woman who love crepes. And Beau Monde strikes fear in me because I am trying to get in shape. The crepes are large and delicious. I have had both savory and sweet crepes and love them. On my last Beau Monde outing, I skipped crepes altogether and ordered soup and salad. We were in the outdoor seating on a summer day and I wasn't in a crepe mood. I was afraid they'd throw me out, but instead they were kind. I had their soup of the day, which was a cold soup, perfect for a summer day. The salad was good, but less memorable than the soup.I recommend Beau Monde if you are in the mood for the best crepes you've probably ever had. It's not inexpensive so it's not an everyday kind of place, more for special occasions.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,1/26/2011,111,109,21,21,20>In the nicest way possible, if you don't like Franklin, it's probably you. This is the way their bar is and this is the way they do things. You'll wait in line until a table is open. A well-dressed server greets you and takes your $12 drink order from the menu. Repeat as you see fit. The city is littered with bars that will pack you in and sling Miller Lite vortex bottles at door busting prices. That's fine and there's a place for that. But in a world drowning in 4% light beer and bartenders who wouldn't know how to make a drink without a laminated cheat sheet and metal jigger, FM&IC is an Armani suit on a department store rack.Some nights call for lacing up a tie and heading to a place where a bar is what it used to be. A place where you can sit and talk and still enjoy the music. Somewhere that doesn't insult you with a throng of flat screens because you can't find conversation to make outside of a muted Boise State/Nevada game.This is a place that knows how to serve you a damn drink.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2010,1/25/2011,280,224,3,5,4>Almanac is my go-to spot in a pinch. The best way to describe Almanac is it's like a mini-Whole Foods with a lot more character. It's really cute and you will find most of your staples here (milk, eggs, cheese, common produce, etc).They also have a nice artisan cheese selection as well as fresh loaves of bread and huge croissants!  Additionally, you will find fresh herbs, and a lot of local products--I love the local raspberry jam they sell.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.My only gripe is the price--most things are pretty expensive, but I guess you pay for the convenience and quality of products.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,1/24/2011,152,350,5,12,4>When you walk in, the steam table is packed with Dominican cooking, featuring stewed meats and enough pork to make me believe that Heaven gets its catering from El Principe.Speaking Spanish definitely helps when ordering. If you don't, just make sure you are really good at pointing.The ladies hacked away a portion of artery death meat, known as chicharron in Latin American cooking, and sent it my way for $5 (more pricey when compared to the pounds of other meats they serve up cheap, but luxury has its price). These are just the porkiest bites found in nature. I couldn't bring myself to eat the pure fat parts, but the skin and the fat clinging to it got the job done. This wasn't just some sexy looking skin that didn't deliver once you bit into it; the crunch was perfect, just the right amount of teeth required to tear it apart.4 measly dollars gets you a big serving of stewed chicken.  One poke of your fork and the meat is off the bone.I didn't think much of the beef, but guess what- it too was awesome.  It was totally moist and drenched in a savory oily juice (like the one the chicken comes in) that made me feel unhealthy just looking at it. Yum!Behind the chicharrones was even more pork, a gleaming pork leg with a few lonely strands of meat falling off it. I wanted it as the star of my platter and the ladies told to wait while they got a new leg from the back. That was a thing worth waiting for.The $8 large combos, like the roast pork platter, come with repollo (vinegar-lemon cabbage salad) and white rice or yellow "moro" rice. A platter makes a great lunch; good luck finishing it all.Of all the meat choices, it is really hard to pick my favorite. I would probably stick with the roast pork, followed by the above mentioned beef. Other choices included goat, stewed pork, roast chicken, oxtail, salt fish, and liver.If you are getting the roast pork instead of one of the meats that come with gravy, ask for some gravy on your rice. They are even nice enough to give you a container of sauce if you aren't eating right away.Smaller platters are available for $6.If you are in to mushy things, be sure to ask for mangu. You won't find it on the steam table, but they will bring you a plate from the kitchen. This was my first time having this Dominican mashed plantain dish, though I have had mofongo (the Puerto Rican, pork heavy version) quite often. It was different without the pork bits, but I found myself piling more on my plate. The mild mushy stuff tasted comforting and matches up well with any of the sauces from the other platters.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,1/23/2011,87,51,4,8,10>FISH CANDY.If that choice of words doesn't induce your gag reflex, but just the opposite - makes you salivate at the thought of clean, tender, succulent, beautifully fresh sushi - then you're an aficionado. And Zama is where you should be.I took my brother, fellow sushi lover, here for lunch - he's one of the newly coverted, I'd say; I'd recommend the sushi and sashimi chef's selection lunch for a sampling of Zama's offerings. The details are all right, down to the ginger, and the mysteriously tasty salad dressing. Soothingly toned-down lighting and minimalist pale wood dominated decor complete the ideal experience. Appropriately priced for food this good on Rittenhouse. Mmmmm, like fish... candy.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,1/22/2011,145,158,2,13,6>Stephen Starr has done it again!  Dandelion is AWESOME from the food to the best ambiance I've experienced in Center City.  I really cannot wait to go back to the dog bar upstairs or sit by the fireplace downstairs, if I am lucky enough to snag a spot there.There are several levels of the restaurant.  It feels really intimate in each space, which has its own design and layout.  I believe that this is pretty authentic based on my one trip to the UK a few years ago.  But honestly - knowing that Great Britain is not exactly known for its food - the ambiance is the only thing that this place has in common with its inspiration!  But I digress.  Major ambiance highlights include wood-burning fireplaces, which are a treasure during winter months, and the dog bar upstairs, with tons of photos and statues of dogs.  The furniture is all old-school - lots of wood, wooden tables, chairs and paneling.  Check out the room upstairs painted in off-white with a bay window overlooking 18th street and a beautiful light fixture...it looked very appealing and warm in there.The food was great and the service was very friendly and welcoming.  It was crowded in there but they sat us within 20 minutes or so (no problem, I rocked some Pinot Noir while we waited).  PS - looks like a fun beer selection here.Here's what we ordered:-deviled eggs - nice curry flavor, but not overpowering at all.  MMM!-butter lettuce salad - lightly dressed with apples, bleu cheese, pomergranite seeds...why is butter lettuce so good?-fois gras - I don't usually order it.  Came with an egg, thick-cut bacon and balsamic reduction = one tasty bite!-NY Strip - OUT OF CONTROL GOOD...comes with two sauces, one was a little creamy and one was a rich bbq-esque flavor.  This steak DEFINITELY rivals ALL steak houses I've been to in Center City BY FAR.  I could not get enough of this steak.  That is all I have to say.-Roasted organic chicken - I don't usually order chicken out but this is the place to get it...came on potatoes, I caught a taste of turnips, roasted baby carrots...simple, delicious, hearty.Next snow day you can find me at the fireplace in Dandelion.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2010,1/21/2011,41,110,6,5,5>Everytime I come here, I can't stop repeating Dr. Evil's monologue from Austin Powers: "Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons...In the spring we'd make meat helmets."  F'amazing.  The food here is pretty darn good too.I came with a group, so I got to try a variety of dishes.  I admit that I succumbed to peer pressure and ordered the thousand layer bread and tea leaf salad, because EVERYONE on yelp seemed to be doing it.  The bread was tasty, but *very* greasy, and the tea leaf salad, while unique, didn't blow me away.  What did blow me away were the Rangoon Crab Meat Dumplings.  I'm not one to order Crab Rangoon - I like to keep dairy out of my asian fare - and I was nervous about the grease factor post-thousand layer bread.  But these were DELICIOUS.  Delicate and wonderfully cooked, the inside had just the right amount of spice and cream cheese.  This appetizer was the clear winner - go for it.  I ordered the jungle tofu as an entree.  I had been craving green curry all day, but was weary that there would be too much coconut in the sauce.  Rangoon did a really nice job - sauce was excellent, light and well seasoned, with few a peppers for kick.  My dish could have had more veggies, but no complaints other than that.  I also tried bites of the Spicy Rice Sticks and Burmese Cold Noodles (Let Thoke).  The Rice Sticks were a carb lover's heaven - the next time I'm hungover, I'm biking over to Rangoon and doing a face plant into a plate of these.  Cold Noodles were good as well, but LOADED with either dried shrimp or shrimp paste - beware if you're not a shrimp fan.Rangoon is nice - it's not as cheap as some other places in Chi-town, nor is it BYO, but it has a really interesting menu that I'm looking forward to exploring further!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,1/20/2011,133,370,11,8,9>I can't believe I'm just finding out about this place. Confidential is an excellent name, because once you taste these fresh baked clouds of heaven you'll never, ever want to tell anyone else. Maybe that's why none of my Yelp friends told me (glances at Christopher R). The chocolate chip cookies were a win on their own. A delicate yet chewy texture, real butter, high grade chocolate. Sugar coma number one resulted from a dozen of these. It was well worth the yelling at I'm going to get from my doctor when he sees my blood sugar spikes. I have a batch of cheese steak cookies coming tomorrow, and some peanut butter and bacon. I'll update you after I try those. I did try a few other types that were equally as fantastic as the chocolate chip but I was half passed out in drool so I can't really give you much detail. I remember crunchy buttery heaven, sweetness, nuts, my cat licking me, the floor, and someone shooting insulin into my jugular.OMG it was Soooo worth it.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,1/19/2011,88,407,13,9,8>GREEN TEA ICE CREAM! I apologize for that outburst; it was uncalled for. Now that we've returned to civility, please allow me, dear readers, to recount for you tales of my epic journey to an oasis in an otherwise gastronomically bleak terrain. Gather round the cold luminescent glow of your monitor so that I may regale you with an account of my journey.You see, old fisherman lore states that, somewhere way north of the city, a location that can only be reached by following Polaris for days (or about 45 minutes if you happen to have a car), there is an oasis where the food is endless. Not only endless, but also delicious and rare -- the ambrosia of the gods. This place, my friends, is called Minado. For the slight sum of 35 silver pieces (or $35, if you trust this "banking system"), you may eat to your heart's content the finest delicacies the sea has to offer. Yes, the selection consists of sushi, cooked shrimp and crabs, and various seafood salads. And, dare not miss dessert -- crepes (or GREEN TEA ICE CREAM!). So, I suggest you hire a crew (more than you think you need; you'll surely lose some to scurvy) and set forth on the long journey. Should you make it and return safely, you too will be one of the chosen, bloated few to recount the tale.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/21/2013,221,503,7,11,19>The sexy has been brought back to NoLibs.Emmanuelle is the place you take a date when you want to impress them. Impress them up and down all night long, with an innovative cocktail menu and friendly knowledgeable staff. The darkness and candles (along with the extra potent cocktails) make for an extra sexy setting, so snuggle up close to that guy/girl.Our posse came here post bowling since we were already in the hood. The six of us chatted around a pretty decent sized table and ordered various drinks. Three ladies when with the bartenders choice and the gents did old fashions with rye and bourbon. It wasn't crowded so we had the place all to ourselves (thankful since we always have inappropriate conversations with each other). The space isn't huge so Im almost positive on a Friday/Saturday Night this place is hardcore crowded so get there early.I really enjoyed my  two bartenders choice drinks. The first was served up and the base was tequila some other awesome stuff and then topped with champs( duh i liked it). My second was served on the rocks and i couldn't even tell you what was in it but it was damn good.I will probably have to make it to  NoLibs more often so  I can try out the new cocktail menu.There will def be some PF /BD action once you get a cab out of here. Enjoy
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/19/2013,74,108,,11,5>I had frequented this site when it was Mirabella's and was sad to see the former restaurant close.  I had asked a close friend what he thought about it since it reopened as La Terrazza and he had given it good reviews, so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try.We walked in to maybe eight other tables already seated and the hostess was very pleasant and attentive in seating us straight away.  The waiter also came right over to take our drink order.  (This is a BYOB, BTW and they have free WiFi)Our waiter, who was part of the waitstaff of Mirabella's, stated that the new owners owned a few other Italian restaurants, so they were familiar with the style of menu, and it definitely showed.The waiter rattled off the specials without a look at an order pad or one stumble for words.  He was very attentive, friendly, and frequently came to our table to make sure everything was OK.Our appetizer was a mozzarella, tomato and frise tower wrapped in tender prosciutto and drizzled with a very thick balsamic reduction.  The balsamic was super sweet and so thick that it nearly didn't budge from the plate when we tried to run the tomato and mozz over it.  The prosciutto meat was moist and fresh, and the fat easily melted away with every bite.My date ordered one of the specials which was a filet of skin-on salmon over a bed of pasta, surrounded by a dozen mussels and drenched in a beautifully light white sauce.  The pasta our waiter described as fusili, but it more closely resembled a handmade cannolocchi pasta.  It was incredibly tender and was very close to, if not homemade.  The salmon my date described as "very fresh with no normal fishy salmon taste at all."  I took a bite and agreed;  it was delicious and cooked very well.I ordered the Crabmeat Angela, which was a generous bed of pasta of my choosing which ended up being angel hair, tossed with asparagus, lump crabmeat, and sundried tomatoes in a blush sauce.  For me, there was entirely too much pasta, I would venture to say nearly a half a pound or more, but the meal was good.  The sauce was tossed throughout the pasta instead of merely ladled on top, and the portion of crabmeat was generous.  All in all, we will definitely be back.  I recommend giving this very good Italian restaurant a try.  They have outdoor seating, which I think we may take advantage of the next time we go on a cool summer's evening.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,1/18/2013,143,157,3,7,6>I went from hating pho to craving Pho Saigon 6/7 days a week, year-round. The place isn't super gritty but it's definitely not a place you take someone on a date. Modest décor but fast service and decent seating. It doesn't even matter what the place looks like because you will be too distracted by the mouth-watering pho to notice anything around you. The broth is seasoned beautifully with plenty of scallions. I get the pho tai and the beef is always delicious. Nice big portions, even if you opt out of a large bowl. My friends laugh at me because I always drink all the broth, leaving the vermicelli if I get too full. The broth is absolutely perfect and I haven't found a pho place that comes close. Finish the meal off with a strong cafe sua da- the perfect combo of strong drip coffee and condensed milk. YumHungover? Have a cold? Feeling down? Pho Saigon is the solution.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/17/2013,193,367,,8,8>The first time I stopped by this place, I have to admit that I was concerned.  It seemed oddly dark and the group inside looked sketchy.  Honestly, it just didn't look like it would be my scene, so I promptly left without trying anything.  The other day, however, was such a pleasant experience.  The lighting was a little brighter and the bartender was warm and welcoming.  It was not crowded at first, so it was the perfect place to enjoy some quality cocktails with friends.I started off with a delightful blackberry, rum, and lemon concoction (the name escapes me) that was served quickly.  After enjoying that, I switched to the Ivy Gimlet (vodka with lime, I believe).  It was equally as impressive.  My friends enjoyed a few of their other cocktails and their wine specials that they had for their happy hour.    I think that the drinks here are solid and the bartenders are well-trained.  I will say that it did get very crowded as we were winding down, so the atmosphere was not as enjoyable towards the end and the service slowed a little bit.  I will definitely still come back, though, and I think this is a great addition to our fair city.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,1/16/2013,491,1393,1,7,5>Oh am I glad that this opened in Wayne.  Now I can get my macaroons and crepe in practically one fell swoop.  We split the mushroom festival crepe, which came with plenty of fresh mushrooms, garlic, and gruyere, and the super flavorful and savory harvest crepe, which came with grilled chicken, shitake, spinach, goat cheese, and a delicious wine sauce.  Both were good, but I liked the harvest more, quite possibly because I just love goat cheese and spinach in my crepes; the savory sauce was excellent, too.  They also have a build-your-own crepe option, too, if you feel like exercising your creativity, along with a gluten-free buckwheat option.  The coffee was fresh and hot, which is absolutely essential for enjoying a crepe, IMHO.  The owners are very sweet and the crepes were made in front of us, which is a nice touch.  There isn't much sitting room, but it's cozy and the food is worth being a little cramped.  We also got a Nutella crepe to go and it was delicious, even a few hours later.  But then again I LOVE Nutella, in any form.  They do have macaroons, but I will have to be my obstinate self and stick to Au Petit Delices down the street for my macaroons fix.  Definitely give this cute cafe a try!
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,1/15/2013,146,432,1,9,8>Underground Arts is such a cool venue.  We were here for Brat Productions' Departure & Eternal Glamnation double feature and they had different spaces that worked great for both shows.  Departure had a pretty traditional set up with rows of seats on bleachers.  Eternal Glamnation took place in a large cavernous space that had chairs in rows, comfy couches, tables, and a bar where you could get drinks.  This was the perfect set up for a cabaret.  Performers could sit at the bar, walk amongst the audience and sing and dance right near us, which made the whole show more intimate and dynamic.  Really cool set up.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,1/14/2013,110,202,5,13,10>Apparently, my cat is un-groomable.  This really wouldn't come as a surprise to anyone who has met her.  Peaches is not as sweet as her name would suggest.  So why did I take her to the groomer? And why am I giving a 5 star review? Well, she had a couple of new mats in her fur so I figured I'd at least give it a try. The groomer (owner?) Phil was great.  Even when Peaches sliced his face and had him bleeding within 30 seconds of meeting her, he was totally calm and kind to her. He even praised her for how pretty she is. He explained that there are some cats that just cannot be groomed but he'd do his best.  After 2 hours I got the call...unfortunately, it just could not be done.  She was too terrified and guarded to let anyone work on her (which I was half expecting).  Phil didn't charge me and gave me some tips on how I could get the mats out myself.  He showed me exactly what kind of comb to get and how I should approach the mats. The people at Spot's Spot really seem to care about animals.  Phil could have turned Peaches away the moment she scratched his face, or charged me for his time, or forced the mats out while she was terrified but he did not. The next time my (very sweet and cooperative) dog needs to be groomed, I'll be taking her here.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/13/2013,311,132,12,10,9>WHAT DO WE WANT?A bakery that's vegan, gluten-free, and low in refined sugar!!WHEN DO WE WANT IT?After every other option for anything remotely dessert-like has been demolished for some reason!! That bakery sounds like it would be awful!!This was my mindset for the longest time. For someone who does not have eating restrictions or any semblance of health consciousness, any other bakery option seemed preferable. Then Sweet Freedom changed my life. The cookie sandwiches here are so, so good. Like boy band of five Justin Timberlakes good. Sweet, creamy, moist, and firm all at once - qualities I once only thought possible of creations containing animal product. And since they are presumably healthier, you can gladly have two for the guilt of one!! (but the price of three...they come at $4.50 a piece, yikes.)
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,1/12/2013,28,68,5,4,5>I almost hate to talk about this place because I feel like too many people will spoil it, but I think the secret's out by now.There's the book room, which is just like it sounds, but cheap.  Downstairs they have housewares and a little boutique-ey area where they sell tie dye and altered shorts.Each item of clothing has a tag on it of a different color(and the tags have pithy comments about the item, too, half the fun is reading them all).  On certain days, the purple tags will be 50%, other colors on other days.  And if you dig, you can find decent, brand name things just as easily as quirky vintage things.There's a dressing room, so you can try things on, which not all thrift places have.  The staff are super friendly, and it's all for a good cause.  I never feel bad dropping ten dollars and coming home with a bag full of stuff.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/11/2013,75,163,14,9,10>Rustic and smokey, This BBQ place is going into my heavy rotation. Spacious with communal tables, Fette Sau is great for a group meat orgy. Pork as a noun not as a verb, perverts. A nice size bar which has an average selection of beers but a large selection of whiskey flights.Tried most of the meats and a few of the sides. Everything was good and priced very reasonably. My favorites were the brisket and the burnt end beans. My least favorite was the chicken which was just fine.I have always been loyal to Sweet Lucy's, but never fond of driving to the Northeast. Fette Sau allows me to get "porked" and not have to drive home in shame.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,8/27/2013,31,221,19,9,9>They have cronuts now.Just go ahead and kill me.  These things are better than incredible.  I will soon just be a big, monsterous blob, rolling down 9th Street toward the cronuts.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/26/2013,180,143,6,7,7>Sometimes, you just need the Manic Panic super bleach. And WHERE O WHERE can you get such a product? But of course. The home base of punks, goths  and metalheads  old and young. What we knew as Zipperhead still exists in a different manifestation around the corner. And it is just as wondrous. I feel at home inside, listening to Ministry and White Zombie and Peter Murphy. I pray that this store never goes away. Because if it did, that would be the final nail in the coffin of South Street as it was and should be. Bless this place. Bless it with studded belts, vinyl pants and doc martens. Forever.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/25/2013,169,704,2,12,3>So as I'm sitting here in this shop on a day off enjoying my java, doing what I don't get to do nearly enough of, just sitting in a coffee shop and being in the moment, it has occurred to me that you don't have to be a place that makes the absolute best food to deserve a 5 star rating. No, you can get it in other ways as well. I'll tell you right now that I'm not going to say that this place served me the best cup of coffee I ever had. I'm not going to say that it is the best breakfast sandwich in history. I'm not going to tell you that you can't get a better pastry anywhere else. Because chances are you can technically find better things if you try. But here's what I will tell you. This place serves a good enough cup of coffee that I wanted another one right away. This place makes a good enough breakfast sandwich that I considered ordering a second one of those. This place makes a good enough pastry that makes you want to tell others about it. And they did it with a warm inviting atmosphere, with a level of service where you can tell that good people own this place, and they did it in a town that really isn't known for having these types of businesses. For that last reason alone, they deserve all the kudos I can give them. I lament often that we just don't have enough of these types of places on Mac Dade Blvd. So when we do get one, I really want them to succeed. This place is worth a trip. It's locally owned. It's got an atmosphere that you might expect in a place like Malvern as opposed to Collingdale. They make just about everything in house.Of course the bottom line is that everything I had, from the coffee to the breakfast sandwich to the mini muffin, was really good.  That's the most important part. Give them a shot.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,8/24/2013,97,271,2,5,3>This was my first time using Yelp Deals, and what a treat! My partner and I happened to be in the area and Las Cazuelas popped up as a pretty safe bet, along with a $10 for $20 offer, and even a free pitcher of Margarita mix with check-in. Unfortunately since this was on a whim we didn't have anything to go in it, and we were getting such a good deal already that we didn't even try to ask for a substitute.We each ended up ordering a torta and swapping halves, so I got to try the wonderful Milanesa (breaded steak) as well as the Yuccateca (pulled pork). For dessert, we shared a very generous portion of Vanilla Tres Leches that was just perfect, and I would probably come back just for that.All up, we ended up paying an additional $10 to cover the little bit we went over plus tax and tip, so really $20 for a delicious, filling meal for two in a cute little spot with excellent service.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/23/2013,55,290,3,8,7>AMAZING cocktails.  I had one sip and I was in love.  There are over 50 different cocktail varieties to choose from and they range from $12-14 bucks- not bad for a fancy, decadent cocktail bar!  Impeccable service.  Luxurious decor.  Great music.You're greeted at the door by a bouncer who asks the standard questions: Why are you here?  How did you hear about this place?  Did you know it's cash only?   Yes, unfortunately it's cash only.  I suppose that is a good thing or I'd be maxing out my card here.  A few rules here: no photography or video, but you can use your phone to google, email etc.  No talking on the phone unless you're in the waiting area, which is great.  I hate those loud cell phone talkers.I cannot wait to come back here.  Great for an after dinner cocktail!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/22/2013,331,353,3,7,4>It was cold this weekend with a windchill of about 9 degrees but it was hot hot hot in Amada as me and the beau celebrated a belated Valentine's Day with tapas from Spain.  I had been to the Philly Amada years ago and wanted to try the new AC location.  Tucked in the corner of Revel, Amada is still able to create an intimate dining experience with their dark woods, low lighting, and beautiful pillows on the chairs. Having polled Yelpers for the best dishes, we went into it with a basic roadmap.  However, the waiter came over and threw us a curveball of suggesting the Pork Pluma, which was the best plate of the evening.  A piece of pork with such flavor that it is almost like eating steak.  In case you needed more flavor, it came with three sauces, all of which enhanced the experience.But wait, let's go back to the beginning.  We started with the Manchego with honey, which my boyfriend fought me on.  I promised it would be worth ordering and of course we both loved it, him maybe more so.  This is why you always must listen to me.  We also went with the lamb meatballs with manchego and the shortrib flatbread.  Both amazing!  We also ordered the scallops, which were tasty, but tiny and probably not worth it.  We also ordered the white asparagus, which was really disappointing.  I see the asparagus on the Philly menu is different than the one on the Atlantic City menu and so I guess that was my mistake.  I would avoid the white asparagus.We ended with the apple butter donuts and that was perfect.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,8/21/2013,185,301,4,8,7>This place is nothing fancy. It looks like a converted old diner, and well, it is a converted old diner. It's a cheesesteak diner. A Cheesesteak Diner with beer! The steaks here are really delicious. I don't eat meat all the time, but this made it "worth it". The grease, onions, melty cheese and crusty bread all blend together and melt in your mouth! There were plenty of other options on the menu too, but I chose to stick with the obvious. There is also an extensive beer list at this diner... and it's dirt cheap. I'm talking $3 for a Victory Golden Monkey (which is normally at least $6 in most bars). Chubby's is a unique little gem, and I'd definitely like to return again! I'd like to say that when I return, I'd mix it up and try something different... but in this case, I think I'll return for another steak & Monkey! :-)
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/20/2013,135,283,,10,6>I played on a bowling league in Wynnewood, and it was a great place to bowl. Instead of one long row of lanes it's set up with the check-in desk in the middle and half of the lanes on each side, which allows for less crowds and more privacy. The bowling is reasonably priced, and on Sunday mornings you can rent a lane (regardless of how many people are in your party) for $25 from 9am-noon. They have vending machines, a hot food window and a full bar for any of your beer or liquor needs. They also have a pro shop where you can buy accessories, shoes, bowling balls and even get your new ball drilled. I can tell you from experience that there aren't many pro shops in the area, so this is a nice perk. Tip: The pro shop is technically separate from bowling alley, but if you call the Wynnewood Lanes line they are usually nice enough to transfer you over. Since this place has several leagues the lanes are always well-oiled and the electronic scoring works well. If technical problems happen (pins get dropped, pins need to be reset, etc.) they have specific people on staff who fix these things, and they are super quick. The staff is friendly and leagues are competitive yet laid back (well, at least the co-ed one was). This is a great place for anyone from serious bowlers to beginners.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/19/2013,140,94,5,15,13>THEY ARE GONNA NEED a. BIGGER a.BOATIf you like fresh oysters/seafood, fresh charcuterie, and delicious inventive cocktails then you need to check out a.bar ASAP.  My date and I have had our eye on this place ever since it was first announced, and decided to check it out last night after its opening this past weekend.a.bar is located slightly around the corner of a.kitchen right on the corner of 18th and Walnut.  The inside is extremely sleek, modern and sexy, just as you would expect a hotel bar to be. There is a nice large window in the front that allows you to people watch people entering and exiting the park. The restaurant/space is pretty small, and it is mostly a large bar that fits about 15-18 people, and for or five additional tables on the sides. I say the place fits about 40 people total.My date and I took two seats at the bar and started the night off right with (the first of many, many different) cocktails.  We both had the Six-Toed Cat which ended up being our favorite of the night. They use some sort of strawberry balsamic vinegar within the cocktail which gives it a really unique and delicious taste. We also had the Red Rum, Be There in Twenty, and several other drinks. My night cap was a delicious mixture of tequila and Rival Brothers Iced Coffee (only available at a.bar!).  For a lot of the drinks, what you smell is NOT what you taste, and it makes for a very interesting experience.In regards to food, we ordered a half-dozen of both the Fanny Bay and the Kusshi oysters. The Fanny Bay's were creamy and perfect, and the Kusshi were nice and briny. Their minuet sauce was nice and light, with an interesting peppery finish to it. Next up was the scallop shasimi and the gravalax and watercress. I wasn't a huge fan of the sashimi, but my date was. I could see how one would like it, but it just wasn't my thing.  Both of us however, LOVED the gravalax watercress salad, and had to fight for the last bites of this. It was a perfectly balanced dish, with just the right amount of creme fraiche to compliment the dish.Last but not least was the charcuterie. We had the salami, the chorizo, and the benton country ham.  The chorizo was surprisingly extremely light and fresh, and the salami was also good, but the ham was by far our favorite.The service was amazing, and we had a great time chatting with the bartender Michael, as he kept us entertained, and answered all of our questions about our drinks and the place.This is a great addition to not only the Rittenhouse area, but also the cocktail and  the hotel bar scene. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/18/2013,308,271,,13,10>Just... wow. So many unexpected, and pleasant surprises! We live very close to this place so we decided to do pick-up and try their offerings in the comfort of our own home.It's bigger inside than it looks from the outside, and nicer than I expected in terms of eat-in ambiance. It was also extremely well-air conditioned. I would bring a sweater. I'm that girl that's always cold in the air conditioning, so take that as you will. They have a very nice pastry case and the tres leches and other items all looked delicious and homemade. We will be trying those next time.I got tacos especiales de carne asada, and E got the beef milanese cemita. We also snagged an order of chips, salsa, and guac. The salsa is mad stingy, but tasty enough, and the guac was quite good. Chips are freshly fried.My tacos were insane! The platter weighed like two pounds and it contained 3 double-layer soft corn tortilla shells smothered in chopped grilled steak, fresh onion and cilantro, and sauteed nopales (cactus, so good) and onions. I asked for no cheese and they delivered. It was incredible and so much food. More than enough for two meals. E inhaled his sandwich and I managed to steal a bite before he finished it. Delish.Did I mention this was all like just under $30 or something? Crazy good food. We will be back soon.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/20/2014,17,62,5,8,9>The Jug is a great neighborhood bar perfect for budget friendly drinking and delicious bar food.  There's nothing special about this place looks wise, but you're not going there for the ambiance.  Chances are you're going there for the wings.  I was kind of perplexed when I pulled in to the parking lot, because I found a bunch of chickens running around in the parking lot.  Was this their version of pick your own lobster?  One could only hope for wings that fresh!  Now, in my eternal quest for the perfect buffalo wings, I've heard about the lure of their wings for quite some time.  I hope I never find the perfect wings because that mean I'll have found the end.  I'm much more satisfied with this journey rather than the destination.  For those of you who like a change up and prefer the breaded version of wings, this is the place for you.  They're a good sized wing and offer quite a few different styles of sauce.  Their "ultra hot" sauce is called Bald Eagle.  Side note: confusingly, they are not unbreaded.  I wanted to try it, but I'll admit it-- I was shook from my recent experience at The Pic-A-Lilli Inn (see my other review).  The bartender, known as a "Juggy", suggested I get the extra hot sauce with a side of the Bald Eagle sauce to dip in.  I decided to go the safe route and take her advice.  The Bald Eagle sauce has a real nice heat, but is tolerable.  I didn't prefer the taste of it as it has a strong habanero taste to it.  The extra hot sauce, on the other hand, has a great buffalo taste to it with the perfect level of spiciness to it.  The title is a little more intimidating than the actual heat.  They definitely get it right with the sauce application for a very generous amount.  I also had the Spanish fries to go with the wings.  They top the fries with onions, jalapeños, cheddar, and provolone cheeses   As much as I love onions, they went a little overboard with them on the fries.  The huge amount of raw onions topped on the fries overpowered the taste of all the other ingredients.  Green onions would have been a better choice.  That certainly didn't matter though as the wings will surely be having me come back again.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/19/2014,361,266,9,23,14>The Simple Dos and Don'ts for a Shabulicious meal at Simply Shabu :DO make a rezzy if you have a larger party (or even if not, this place gets busy!).DON'T expect there to be that much space between tables. DO pick up wine/sake/whiskey/booze on your way. (BYOB)!DON'T be sketched out by the alleyway and nondescript door, look for the fogged up windows.DO add your own spices to make a spicy broth.DON'T waste an extra dollar on spicy broth that you can spice yourself for free.DO follow up on your order (Hey waiter, where are my noodles/egg/tofu/beef? Service was a mess. Gonna give them the benefit of the doubt because they're new but c'mon!)DON'T worry, after all that, they'll probably forget to charge you for something so everyone wins!DO ask for extra bowls for sauces so you can slurp up delicious broths in one bowl and dip meat in other various sauces.DON'T mix all the sauces together, cus that was weird. (Follow the instructions on the board).DO order beef, shrimp and a la carte normal (asian) vegetables (bok choy, watercress, nappa, enoki mushrooms) to supplement a combo.DON'T limit yourself to just the combo-because nobody wants your weird corn on the cob and tomato in their broth Simply Shabu.DO go with your friends and enjoy a fun, cheap (super full for $20 each) DIY meal!DON'T go with your friends and family who "just don't get the DIY food craze" (they're stupid).SUPER excited this place exists! Hope the service improves. Can't wait to be back!
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,3/18/2014,162,210,5,9,10>Yes, it is that good. Good enough to plan your evening around it, and you do have to plan. I am lucky enough to live in Fishtown, so my planning is a bit easier, if you don't I'll give you some advice on how to do it. As mentioned in several reviews there is no phone, and you should all be thankful about this, because if there was, it would be so much harder to get a pizza there. You must go, place your order, and either wait, or come back in an forty-five minutes to one hour. I like to go order, then go to the gym, then go pick up my delicious pies, because then I feel like I really earned them. Other options are placing your order and then going to one of the eight million surrounding bars for a drink or two before you pick up your pie, or walk over to Bottle Bar and peruse their selection to find the perfect pairing for your pizza. Another option is to stop by after work and place your order, then grab your friend and a dog (maybe your dog, or someone else's dog, I don't know your life), and walk to Beddia to pick up your pizzas. See how easy this process can be if you aren't a baby about it.The cheese is probably my favorite thing about the pizza, and what I suspect is the main culprit for the price of the pizza, which in my opinion is absolutely worth it. The cheese has a fantastic bite to it, a nice tang that makes my mouth really happy. The crust and sauce are also tasty and all of the ingredients blend well to make a delicious harmony of flavors.  I always order both a red and a white and then try to pick a favorite; it's still a tie.  I love that the white pizza changes with the seasons as well. At first I was disappointed to find that the dinosaur kale had been replaced by tomatoes, but man alive, it was just as delicious. Also, the first time I ever visited Beddia, the person who had ordered before me had prepaid for my pizza. A stranger had paid for my pizza. Yes, you read that right. It restored my faith in humanity. My husband and I were so shocked by this beautiful sentiment. We then paid it forward when we returned to pick up our pizzas and I hope that next person was just as stoked.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/17/2014,160,196,,12,8>I decided to write an update, not because my rating has changed, but because I cannot get over how much I love this restaurant, and I forgot to gush about how awesome it was the last time I was here! I came here for my birthday, during the University Dining Days (I'm assuming that this is similar to CCD Restaurant Week), and was pleasantly surprised when I came with enough people to order everything they offered on the limited UDD menu to share with the entire table. Although some items were unfortunately a little too small to share between 6 people, I was able to taste everything (birthday girl gets some priority with the food!).The particularly memorable items (even half a year later):- Cucumber mojitos- Ceviche de Camarones (fresh)- Esquites (corn, cheese, lime, and spice in a tall cup - seriously what is not amazing about this?)- Guacamole (solely for the fact that this with the chips and salsa were ridiculously addictive)- Tacos (specifically the mahi mahi!)- Salmon a la Plancha (luxuriously silky fish)- Brazo Gitano (I have scoured the internet for a recipe similar to the way they make it here, and have come up with nothing. There is a little hole in my heart because of this.)This is to say, nothing that was served, at least on the Dining Days menu, was even slightly bad. Just the ones I listed were so good that I am sitting in my room, six months later, still dreaming of them. I will never not order the Esquites.The table we sat at was beautiful! The chairs were fun as well - they were pretty much just benches on swings. The ambiance is modern, upbeat, and just all around fun - far from traditional and conservative. In terms of service, our waiter was polite, quick, knowledgeable about the menu and he dished out some great recommendations.I don't know. I guess maybe the price would be off putting, but Distrito does have happy hour, so you can control how much/little you'd like to have/spend. But otherwise, this is one of my favorite places in the city, and I will always recommend it.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/16/2014,189,417,2,8,4>Where to begin.My first time trying In Riva was last night for Valentines Day. It was my choice of where we were going to eat and after a little research this is the place I decided that we were going to try-I wasnt a fan of any of the set menus for the fancier options elsewhere. I made early reservations at 5pm bc I wanted to (hopefully) beat the rush hour and get a spot in their coveted parking lot. Sucess! We actually arrived early and were the first table to get seated. I immediately loved the atmosphere and the look of the place. Since it was Valentine's Day and also in the middle of a snow apocalypse obviously the patio seating and the dog park/picnic bench area were closed, but the large windows looking out the river was a pretty view and  I think it made the restaurant into a fancier upscale vibe without the casual bikers and families dining that evening (due to weather and probably the holiday). After much deliberation, we decided on the 5 course meal- a full portion tasting menu; and with that, put the fate of my taste buds to the mercy of the chef. He didn't disappoint. The most notable items for me were the meat and cheese board, the salad, the pork belly, and the ravioli. We were too full to try the pizza at that time, so we took a few bites to try it fresh and then brought it home and ate it today. Still amazing. The other 3-4 dishes we had we all good but the previously mentioned were worthy of a revisit and reorder. The 5 course was actually 8-9 dishes though, as some courses presented multiple dishes. The price was $45/per person. Each dish was exceptional bold and flavorful, and many had acidic or vinegar flavors incorporated, which alone would have been great but since we had so many dishes to try it was a little overwhelming. That would be my one criticism. Of course, also you could order a different combination of dishes and that may not be a problem at all, but in our casse the chef was picking our menu for the night. I should also mention that if there is a dish you want to try they will incorporate it into the meal for the evening. I requested the pizza and the artichokes.Everything came out perfectly timed, and Tim our waiter was both attentive and knowledgeable about all the drinks and food. He was exceptionally sweet, and the service didnt waver even when the restaurant filled up by 6pm. I had a great time here and will be back. It was a great date night.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,3/15/2014,240,202,6,8,7>Eat-a-Pita, convenient to me-ta, I'd love to stop by for some lunch!No need for a wallet, LevelUp, all about itThose carrots give just the right crunch.The price might seem steep for a lady like me,Who gave all her money to Penn.But when healthy's your goal, and quick fits the mold,I'll come back again and again.Turkey or hummus, this spot lies among usFeeding the masses of midtownAnd when pizza won't cut it, you need veg in your gulletEat-a-Pita's the place to chowdown.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,3/14/2014,143,288,7,7,6>Yay!  Artisan Boulanger is back!  Although I'm a bit sad that their move has added a few extra blocks to my journey when I need a croissant fix, I'm very glad they have stayed in the East Passyunk area.  I like that the new spot has a lot more seating, including outdoor seating.  And I like the extra door in the back, which makes it easier for people to get in and out.For those of you who are not familar, Artisan Boulanger Patissier is a local French bakery that makes some of the most banging pastries.  In the words of my slightly hoity toity boss (when I brought croissants for the office one day), "wow, these are real croissants".  Damn right they are.  Damn right.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/13/2014,425,275,8,18,14>Were it not for some word of mouth from trusted friends, I'd have never tried this South Philly gem. They are only open for breakfast and lunch, which is fine by me as they are my 2 favorite meals of the day. It's a small, clean and welcoming establishment. The host/server is friendly, helpful and engaging. The menu is split up into Breakfast and Lunch and I assure you, you will find a number of items that are unique, that you will want to come back again to try. I almost wished I was more into sweet breakfast fare because some of the options looked fantastic. I was somewhat overwhelmed by the choices until someone pointed out that the special was a meatloaf sandwich with egg. Amazing. It rivals Paesanos in its decadence. The meatloaf was about as flavorful as it gets. Add to that, cheese, a fried egg and a latke-like hash brown and you have an idea how good it was. There was a seasoning in the sandwich that I can't pinpoint, but it lingers with me ( in a good way) even as I write this a few hours removed. Overall, this was as good a breakfast experience as you could ask for. Delco people, who are fans of the famous Hungry A will love it. It was also a nice touch watching History of the World Part 1 as I ate and chatting with one of the owners.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,3/12/2014,996,928,12,17,11>Peter Serpico, New York hot shot and James Beard Award winner, joins forces with Stephen Starr. The results are, well, hard to describe. I'll put it like this:Remember that scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where the Nazis have the Ark opened and seraphim melt their faces off? Well, imagine you're one of those guys and your face is melting and you're really disappointed in all of your actions and how they've led to this point. Well, now imagine the opposite of that! That's right, Serpico's dining experience is the emotional and physical opposite of a complete face deconstruction by angels of THE LORD.The duck leg meets expectations. It is juicy and tender and served with a delightful hot sauce.The dashi soup is crazy good. It is very unique. I haven't had anything quite like it.The raw diver scallops are delicious. They melt in your mouth(not unlike the melting of a face but more delicious).The duck liver mousse is delicious and the presentation is very innovative.The Egg Custard and Caviar, despite being the most expensive thing ordered, really didn't do it for me. They can't all be winners.I really liked the hand torn pasta with snail sausage. Delicious.So, don't go about opening Arks of the Covenant. You'll have a much more pleasant (and safer) experience at Serpico.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,3/11/2014,150,393,3,13,8>Tough weeks call for delivery so my husband and I decided last night would be a great time to order from Erawan. Since we had a gift card, we placed our order over the phone. About 45 minutes later our food was delivered. We ordered the Rama Noodle with chicken and Holy Basil Supreme with beef. For both dishes we opted for the 2 pepper "awakening" spice level. The dishes had the perfect amount of spice. The red pepper flakes were noticeable in both dishes. Very spicy but still flavorful and enjoyable. The sauce of the basil supreme was amazing. The beef was well done and absorbed the flavor of the sauce nicely. I believe  it was the Holy Basil supreme that came with rice which was another great use of the sauce. I loved the green beans in the dish too. The rama noodle had a fantastic curry flavor. The noodles were thick and plentiful. The dish contained bok choy which made me a very happy camper. We shared both dishes and I had both of mine mixed on my plate. We were both very happy with our experience dinner and have bumped Erawan up to our top Thai go-to.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,5/7/2010,26,98,6,6,5>This little spot really is a step back in time.  It's really funny to walk in and suddenly feel like a little kid again in a little mom and pop ice cream store.   It's so NOT mainstream Media, but I kind of love it all the same.  The minute you step inside, you feel like time has slowed down and you have all the time in the world to pick your ice cream flavor. Oh, and they serve Richman's ice cream, which I only know because as a little kid we used to stop at a big Richman's branch in Southern Jersey on the way to the beach.  It's yummy.  It's also a hell of a lot cheaper than the fancy ice cream store up the street (I won't mention any names) and will serve you a small portion of ice cream that you'll be able to actually consume all of (assuming you order a small, that is).Yay for ice cream!
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,5/6/2010,42,105,5,8,7>Every once in a blue moon, I'll blow $100 bucks on a meal and for those times I make damn sure it's worth it- and Amada is worth it. My bf and I went last night and sat at a bar table, which to my surprise had great ambiance, and I think I would prefer it to the main dining area.  Timing of the food and the service was impeccable. Melon + Serrano Ham started off the night right, delicious caramelization on the Melon was perfect.I'll cut to the chase and say that the wild mushrooms were the most amazing tasting mushrooms I've had in my 23 years of life.  Favorite dish I had all night.  In fact, I'm at work right now thinking of how succulent and incredible they were still. The pulled pork flat bread with apple and fennel was also delectable.  It looked exactly like something Garces made for the finale of Next Iron Chef.Chorizo and Clams had such a good sauce we sopped up every last drop with bread. Hen breast with fingerling potatoes and the egg on top and some  incredible sauce kept up the pace of our meal.Manchego cheese with lavender honey, mmMMTopped it all off with some dark chocolate creme brulee type custard with a pile of berries and a really F'n good berry sorbet.in SUMMARY:get the wild mushroomsget the meatsget the red sangriaforget about how much everything costs cause you're going to spend $100 anywayand enjoy!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/5/2010,146,222,4,11,10>In the last couple weeks I've been to Alma several times for their happy hour specials for the cheap food & atmosphere.  I prefer the white sangria (papaya w/ pisco - $6) to the red (mango w/ brandy - $6) because it's more tart.  The drinks aren't killer strong and the fruit isn't fresh, but they're not terrible.  The $6 truffled guacamole with plaintain chips keeps drawing me back in!  It's a great value for the price and easily feeds 2-3.  The soft lounge seating is 10x more comfortable than sitting at the bar or a high top table.  I recommend arriving before 6 to snag these seats.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,5/4/2010,190,178,2,13,9>Definitely the best Korean restaurant in Center City. And prices were suprisingly decent. :) I came here for lunch and got the seafood soondubu ($11) and it was just the cure for this chilly day. It came out piping hot and loads of tofu. Of the Korean restaurants in the city, Miga seems the most authentic. Their soup was very flavorful. I had a decent amount of seafood in it as well, though all of it seemed very miniature. The roommate got the beef soondubu ($11) but said they were seriously lacking meat. They also gave us a bunch of sides before we received our food and they all tasted pretty good as well. The decor for this place is really cute. I love the metal chopsticks and the bar looks stacked. I'll definitely return to try some other dishes as well as their happy hour (5-7pm). Glad to finally have a go-to place for tofu soup! It's hard to give a better detailed review since I didn't get to try the BBQ or any other dishes so an update is needed upon return :)EDIT: they no longer have happy hour
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,5/3/2010,237,276,8,7,10>It's fun to read the reviews for this, because admission was $2 in 2007, then $3 in 2008, and now it's $4. It's still worth it. This is my new favorite place to take visitors and to take pictures. The staff was wonderful and answered all our questions, no matter how ill-informed about mosaic they may have been.I once walked by here early on a Saturday morning and Isaiah himself looked up and stared at me through the window. It was awesome, if not a little spooky.Keep your brochure because it includes a list of all of his nearby murals, plus the ones further afield in other states and countries. Plus, did you know you can rent out the space for events? I may try to convince friends to get married here, for my own personal enjoyment.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,5/1/2010,425,275,21,20,22>I have alot to learn, about being the parent of a teenager/tweenager. The world is a much different place, than when I was a kid. I used to come home from school, throw my bookbag on the floor and go outside, wherever I felt like, until it got dark, or until Diffrent Strokes was on. There was never a thought, about my parents worrying, although Im sure they did. I found myself in numerous scrapes, but at the end of the day, I always found my way home.Times have changed. My own kids are watched over like veal. I tail them like a bad spy, whenever they venture out. There were no problems in our old neighborhood. There werent many kids so mine were happy to stay home. Since weve moved to Folsom, its Kid central. Every other house is full of kids. Theres always a new face coming through our door, and my kids have the need to explore. We've been reluctantly letting them out, in the neighborhood, and I felt pretty good about it.Until now.  One friday evening, this past fall, I was in charge of the offspring for the night. A couple of girls invited my 12 yr old daughter to a nearby skating rink, something that they said they do every Friday. I wasnt sure about it, but had to mke the decision on my own. Saying no would only add strength to a future rebellion, but I was scared to say yes. This is usually the job of mom. I decided to be cool dad, and let her go. I had no idea the questions I should have asked. I figured if they do this every friday, it must be OK. I just asked when they would be back and said that if it was later than 10pm, they needed to call. My daughter doesnt have a cell phone yet, but one of the girls did. I guess it would have been a good idea to get that number.So I spent an uneasy night, waiting for 10pm and their return. 10pm, rolled around, then 10:15, then 10:30. I was beside myself. Finally, the phone rang.   " Hi Daddy!"   " Uh, Hi- why arent you home yet?   " We are waiting for you to come pick us up."What! This would have been good info to know BEFORE they left! They said they go every friday, and Ive never been part of the equation before...why now?! Apparently, the other girls parents could only drop them off, now they were at work. I tried not to let my head explode. I dont mind making a deal to pick them up, its how my parents did things back in the day, I just would have liked to know that beforehand.  " Where are you?!"" I dont know...a rollerskating rink.'That narrowed it down. I was able to find it on the internet, along with directions. It was 30min away. Luckily, my wife was home ( with her accusing stare) and she was able to stay with my son, while I set out to pick these kids up.Finding it in the dark, was much harder than it seemed on Google maps. At least now I had the friends cell number to try and zoom in on them. At this point, I thought of a valid question to ask.  " Girls, is the rink still open?"   " No, it closed a half hour ago, we are in the parking lot...its dark"!!!!! So not only were the girls alone in a dark parkinglot, but I was going to have to find an unlit building in an unfamiliar area. When making another call, to find out what this place is near, I got some more good news. " Uh Daddy, the police are here"This just kept on getting better. Were they in trouble? Was I in trouble? The good news was that it was easy to find, now, with the police car and all.When I pulled into the lot, the girls looked like there was no problem at all ( maybe this happens every Friday night as advertised.).  I was greeted by a female officer, Colleen Joyce. She laughed at my frazzled dad act (it wasnt an act) She had seen the girls alone in the lot, and decided to stay with them until a parent arrived.  These are the little things, that PO's do that we forget about. I appreciate what she did. Even though she was "only doing her job" , it was good instincts to see the girls and make them (and me) comfortable.Once they were safe in the car, I tried not to get too angry, but they knew i was mad.  I was cautious to put them fully on blast, because I want them to call me if there is a problem and I dont want them to feel like they cant.I was  probably just as mad at myself, for my own mistakes, but at least I learned. I learned she wont be going out again, for at least a few years.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,4/30/2010,24,342,7,13,9>I mean this in the best way possible: calling all science lovers, med students, lab geeks and nature nerds...THIS STORE IS AMAZING. It has all the cool stuff I used to play with as a kid, including the contraption to make a tornado in a bottle!  There is scientific glassware in the back - so great. Trying to think of where I can use it in my tiny apt so I can buy some Erlenmeyer flasks. As an ever essential impulse buy, I am now the owner of two color changing (not the ink) pens. Very awesome. Can't wait to come back and buy some cool toys.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,4/29/2010,109,278,8,18,13>I've been wanting to take an African dance class since college but loathed the idea of hopping around with mostly white, mostly classically trained dancers at my liberal arts institution. Then I moved back to Philly and thought about taking a class at the UPenn gym where I am already a member. However, the whopping class fee - uh, hello, I already pay a yearly fee! - and thought of suffering the annoyances of the UPenn female undergrad population - why are you plastered to your Blackberry while working out?! - was equally unappealing.A friend of mine raved about Studio 34 and the work exchange program she had done there. Lo and behold, they have a weekly, drop-in African dance class for...wait for it, wait for it....$10! Yes, $10!  Luckily, that price does not include snarky undergrads.I went to my first class on a rainy Sunday and had a great time. There were only three other people present, but I felt immediately comfortable and supported despite my complete lack of dance ability or training. By the end of the class, I was moving along just as well as the other folks. The teacher, Assumane, is wonderful and enthusiastic and you can't help but want to give it your best shot even if your left foot won't listen to your brain.This class is a great workout, especially for someone like me who isn't very in tune with her body but hates toiling away on a machine. You use all parts of your body in these dances from Guinea-Bissau and therefore, you kind of just make peace with whatever wobbly bits you've got. I also LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that this is a weekly ongoing class. I don't have to worry about schedule interferences because I know I can always go the next week. You can't beat $10 to try something out. I look forward to trying some of their yoga classes as my body confidence improves. I am also much impressed by their commitment to the community, the friendliness of the staff, and the welcoming physical space.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,4/28/2010,133,370,11,19,14>Why you should go there right now: 7:30am Sunday - Cupcake balls filled with a dollop of white cream, dipped in raspberry jelly, the rolled in electric pink coconut. Probably one of the best two bite confections I've ever eaten. I will be there this morning buying more. Post cupcake buying update: My son and I headed over promptly at 8:30 treasure hunting for more pink balls of happiness. The place was crowded as ever, and a ping of concern went through me. What the heck if people were actually reading my reviews. Yikes! Do I get dibs on my favorite items? We stood in line and nowhere did my eyes see an electric pink puff. I did spy something new, a peanut butter tastycake cake. Hmmm. Mrs. McMillan herself waited on us this morning, and when I asked about the cupcake bites, she informed me that they were one of her son's 'creations' and she'd give our feedback that we enjoyed them. I asked about the peanut butter tastycake cake, and she assured me if we liked peanut butter we'd love that. I told her that my son was a particular fan, and we've never been disappointed with anything we've ordered, especially her son's 'creations'. While she was wrapping that up we discussed how they are the lone purveyors of the granulated sugar cream donut, and she remembered Bredenbeck's in Mayfair when I mentioned it. Knowing how to work a crowd, she asked my son if he'd ever had their peanut butter brownie. He said he hadn't, and suddenly there was a small bag placed in his hand with a wink 'to try'. In the eight seconds (later at home) that the peanut butter brownie was visible to my eye before my son inhaled it and pronounced it 'great' I will say it did indeed look great. 3" square, a definite layer of peanut butter, a large walnut on top. Very moist looking. Yum. I spied a small chocolate mound in the case and asked what it was. "Oh, that's today's creation. It's a cupcake center with cream filling, iced in vanilla butter cream, dipped in chocolate ganace, dusted with white chocolate slivers with a dollop of chocolate mousse on top." O.M.G. So as my blood sugar soared past 200 just looking at this mountain of sweet (that she was wrapping up for me) I assured myself that the yardwork I would be doing today would offset the potential sugar coma this confection represented. The tab for all these items, plus donuts and a few danishes - $16.75. The free brownie and wink to my peanut butter loving son = customer for life.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,4/27/2010,32,111,3,7,6>Well there are quite a few local bike shops in Philly. I tend to be meh about most of them. But Bell's is different. They have the cheapest wheel sets for fixed gear and single speed around. They have a TON of cool products, however seeing as how they are mainly an online retailer, it can be tough to find what you need. If you go there knowing what you want, you are set. The staff is super helpful and knowledgeable, and they know exactly where to find multiple styles of anything you are looking for. It is tight in there, with a warehouse feel (because it is), but if you call ahead and check to see if they are there, you will be well taken care of. I don't go to any other shops in Philly for parts, as the price and service can't be beat. You don't have to worry about any jerky store people looking down at you, these people just love bikes, and try to get everyone exactly what they want/need at a price they can afford. From custom wheel sets to a complete build, I highly recommend you give them a try. Just call first.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,6/9/2011,146,222,,12,6>I've been a zipcar member for almost a year.  Car sharing is fairly common and easily understood, but what happens when things go wrong?  The short answer - Zipcar's outstanding customer service has your back.A couple days after Philly's snowpocalypse I reserved a car for two days.  My rental was off a snow covered alley and completely blocked in.  A quick call to zipcar, and they switched my reservation to the already plowed adjacent car.  The snow-free car was in a higher price range than my original reservation, so they comped the difference.After my first day of driving was done (Saturday, 11pm), I decided to return the car for the night and got stuck in an icy hole.  Yes, stuck.  F***ing stuck, 2' from my return spot.  Another call to zipcar (national hotline) and service was on the way.  Scheduled eta was 1 hr.  Less than 45 minutes later, a friendly service tow showed up and was able to free the car.  Based on the snowy conditions, I decided to cancel the second day of my reservation.  I also put in a request for a refund for the second day, since the car was literally stuck in the ice.  Well, after one online complaint the Philadelphia manager called to let me know the entire trip would be refunded.  I was also given a customer survey, which I gladly filled out.  So, this is my long winded thanks to Zipcar for really taking care of me.  I couldn't have asked for a better service.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,6/8/2011,185,680,12,12,14>sexy. sleek. calm. cool. collected. everything you would want in a secret agent, but in a...bar? (no, there's not enough oak and hay bales). tavern? (no, the drinkers aren't sloppy enough). cocktail lounge? (no, there aren't enough olives and no cosmopolitans to speak of.) joint? maybe, but only if said by the man in the fedora and trench coat standing on the corner of Ranstead and 19th smoking a cigar, inviting you, with stealthy head nods, to shuffle down the alley and enter RR.----the drinks range from hard to honey; and regardless of what you order, are ridiculously smooth. there's gin made for the ladies and vodka concoctions for the men, flouting the gender "rules" of hard liquor imbibing.oh, and the wall paper? every lived in an f. scott fitzgerald novel? no? neither have i, but it's something like that.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,6/7/2011,47,142,4,5,5>There are certain things that I find interesting in certain places, driving me to those locations depending on what interests I might have at that time.  I'm willing to overlook all other aspects as long as things never change.  Take Moriarty's for instance.  What propels me to visit, quite often during sports games, are the wings and drink specials that seem to run all night.  Decor?  Never noticed.  Wait-staff surly or nice?  Didn't care.  Other items on the menu?  Never bought them.You see, the wings here are unlike any other in the city (that I've seen).  Condor arms they are.  Whole and intact.  We all know meats taste better the longer they are held together by its own muscle, tendon, and bone.  There it is in its most forthright appearance.  Grossed out?  Don't eat meat.  What makes whole wings downright tasty is the inclusion of the oft disparaged wingtip.  When fried, this piece of the wing becomes an austere delicacy.  The interplay of crispy fried skin, melted collagen, and fats creates a small morsel to be enjoyed.  It's thinly coated in buffalo sauce that's neither too buttery, acidic, or spicy.  For a wingtip is not something to eat fast, nor to be filling, but to slow down your meal as you wash down beverages throughout the duration of a sporting event, or a chat with your friends.The idea is to not be annoyed by trivial matters, such as ill service or other foods, anything to distract me from the reason why I walk through the doors.  I'll discount everything else so as long as what I want is always served as is.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,6/6/2011,203,272,21,8,11>If you were to interview the Mutter museum for the job of occupying 1-3 hours of your time on a free afternoon, it might go something like this:You: So tell me, how would you describe yourself in three words?MM: Well, let's see. I guess I would say that I'm unique, kind of weird, and a little bit creepy.You: Okay, I'm all about creepy. Tell me more about yourself. What makes you so unique?MM: I possess specimens that you won't see anywhere else. I have everything from shrunken heads to tumors in jars. I have a mummified woman whose adipose tissue has turned to soap, fetal skeletons at every stage of prenatal development, and my personal favorite, a giant colon. You: I'm sold on the giant colon. But before I hire you, can you tell me what sort of an effect you'll have on my wallet? MM: I like to think that my pricing is fair. I ask only 10 bones from students, 14 from the general public. I may or may not accept real bones. You: Great! You're hired. I look forward to being creeped out by you at my earliest convenience.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,6/5/2011,393,710,7,10,8>Thanks a lot Kennett.  You've officially turned me into a food deviant.When my dining partner and I descended upon Kennett, I'm not sure we were expecting anything more than another really good neighborhood pub.  What happened however was quite shocking.  We both became creepers.Food creepers.After tasting the kale salad, parsnips, beets and feta and the beans on toast, I found myself staring at the dishes going to other nearby tables.  The food was that fresh, that well prepared and that tasty.  It kind of shocked me.  This was an entire vegetarian meal that was satisfying and reasonably priced.  The beer selection was great, I had the Love Stout, the Left Hand Fade To Black and Avery Reverend.  It's hard for me to actually pick a favorite dish.  I was definitely spying the lamb burger at the next table over.  Fortunately, I caught myself and stopped staring before it got weird.I know I'll be back to this place.  It's got style, great service and amazing food.Good show Kennett.  You've got my vote.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,6/4/2011,996,928,29,8,12>WARNING!This ride is a dangerous breakfast assault! Please follow the following guidelines to insure your own safety and the safety of others:- Please keep your arms and elbows inside your designated area at all times. We pack a lot of people at this counter and can't have you ruining their breakfast because you have to gesture to make a point.- Please present a doctor's release form before eating if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months. We can't be prosecuted again because some guy's coronary arteries couldn't handle our butter volume.- Please stay calm when you talk about how much you love the apple dumpling. It is really good. We know. Everyone knows. Why don't you just tell us, in an excited voice, that grass is green and cats are all unaffectionate pets that hate their masters, Captain Obvious?- Don't ask if our menu prices are right. They are. I know you're used to paying 14 dollars for latkes and farm fresh eggs with scallion, foie gras, and a red wine reduction during breakfast/brunch. This is not that kind of place.- Take the heavy cream with the apple dumpling, you coward.- Do not dally after your meal. You can see the line forming, right? Yeah, well they are waiting for you to leave. Show them a little courtesy and get up once the bill is paid. - Enjoy the ride!
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,6/3/2011,81,125,2,6,5>In Center City, within a five block radius, if you're looking for a meaty meal you've got your pick from roughly ten steakhouses. Some are good, some are not, but one is best.  In my opinion, none do it as well as Barclay Prime. If you've never been inside picture you're a pawn on the chessboard of a game being played in the study of a very rich, very mod book collector whose favorite colors are sunny yellow, pea green, and buttercream (evident by the leather upholstery), who hints at his eccentricity by dangling a half-dozen crystal chandeliers and throwing around a few zebra-printed rugs. The menu is not large, but it is mighty. Mighty good. Fat cuts of filet, marbleized ribeyes, over-sized succulent shrimp, lobsters as big as your head, salty pearls of Osetra caviar with mini blinis, chopped egg and house-made creme fraiche, garlicky greens, and creamy or crispy potatoes. And an impeccable staff to serve it all.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,6/2/2011,350,249,1,11,13>There was a point in my life where I didn't like Chinese food whatsoever. Those days are long gone and would have been eradicated much sooner had places like Han Dynasty been around.Truth be told, I have a palate that ranges from rags to riches. Honestly, often times, I'd be quite satisfied ordering a Curry Chicken Combo w/ PFR (Pork Fried Rice) at 4:30am with 'chicken' as questionable as the North Philadelphia neighborhood that housed the corner Chinese restaurant complete with bulletproof glass and ordering window.But I digress, Han Dynasty or "Handy Nasty" as it's come to be called is truly remarkable. I had high hopes and they were completely fulfilled. I've had copious amounts of Chinese food, everywhere I go, in the full gamut: urban corner takeout places, modest strip mall restaurants and reasonably upscale dining. My first experience with Han Dynasty was amazing.The dishes all seemed a bit atypical from your average and expected offerings such as Kung Pao and General Tso's, that's a good thing. What exists is really a nice selection of dishes, notably ones that cater to those who prefer some spice in their meals.Service was adequate when it comes to your typical attentiveness. One thing that I truly appreciated though was the capability and insistence to speak up when there's better pairings and choices to be had. For example, I had my mind set on Cumin Beef as I tend to just avoid lamb being that it doesn't really do me well/there's something about it I don't like. The server suggested otherwise and I was wholeheartedly satisfied with his suggestion and appreciated his advice.Lastly, protip: I'm a big fan of insanely spicy food but generally speaking still order things so that they've got a good kick to them but still tolerable to eat in long sittings. That being said, I'd stick to around 7 or 8 on most things, which is probably higher than most people. I'd like to see somebody order the spiciest dish at a 10, I don't think that'd even be edible by most people.Also: Get the dumplings in chili oil. You won't be disappointed.One visit warrants 5 stars from me, I'm craving going there again. With my constant desire to check out new places and never hit up the same spot twice so often... this is pretty remarkable.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,6/1/2011,42,110,10,4,4>Haters to the left, please.Seriously, I don't understand the complaints. I almost died when I read that rogue Septa bus smashed into the front of it; how was I going to survive for a week without Monk's mussels? This isn't Gianna's, vegans. And if you come here and order a seitan burger or a salad, you're wasting everyone's time, yours included. Sure, they have it on the menu. But you wouldn't buy sushi from a 7-11 just because it's there. You go to 7-11 for a slurpee when you are drunk.That being said, If you are looking for the best mussels in the city, look no further. Boyfriend and I have tried almost every kind of small pot they offer, with the exception of the apples and gruyere; there is no convincing the boyfriend that apples belong in entrees. Their mussels are divine, perfectly cooked every time, flavorful, beard-less for the most part, and in abundance. Is there anything more perfect than devouring an entire pot of mussels and dipping your bread in the delicious broth at the bottom, only to find a mussel that escaped his shell and had been hiding beneath a yummy sea of garlic and leeks? To me, it's like this: Do you remember Christmas morning as a child, after all the presents had been opened and your excitement was starting to wane and then you spotted one last box under the tree? That's what it's like. Eating mussels at Monk's is like Christmas morning.I can't speak to the extensive "beer bible" Monk's boasts, as the most beer-y thing I'll drink is a Lindemann's Framboise (much to the chagrin of the boyfriend, who considers it a joke that something bright pink and fruity would dare to call itself a beer), but the boyfriend has taken it for a spin on our many, many visits to this amazing restaurant, and has had nothing but high praise for both the beer itself and the number of options. It can get crowded on the weekends after 7, but there is usually room at the back bar to enjoy an adult beverage or two while you wait.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,5/31/2011,88,127,1,8,9>Coming here on a Friday night in a party of four WITHOUT a reservation was probably not the wisest choice. But they did manage to accommodate us in a fairly packed restaurant by placing us upstairs in the bar/lounge area. All the tables had reserved signs on them, but we were assured those parties would not be arriving til much later. So yay!First and foremost, diners must be duly warned that this is NOT a place for the indecisive. Crepes are built-to-order from a long list of ingredients, or you can choose from quite a few recommended preparations, which is what all four of us did seeing as it was our first time. I ordered the scallop, tomato, and herb butter crepe, and it was amazing. They were not at all skimpy with the scallops as I had expected. I've ordered scallops at high-end restaurants before and they give you three and call it a meal. Ridiculous. Here, I couldn't even finish my crepe; it was bursting with rich, creamy flavors, definitely too much for me to handle.It's probably more pricey than you'd expect so be prepared, but overall, a very satisfying meal.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,10/29/2012,134,241,,6,4>I've been visiting the Gondolier Motel for no less than 27 years, so I am maybe just a bit biased, but I truly believe this place to be the hands-down best motel in the Wildwoods.  Located on the ocean just a block from the southern end of the boards, it is far enough away from the younger (crazier) crowds of Wildwood, but within walking distance of just about everything.  There's a bike rental almost across the street, right on the bike path, and there are several breakfast options within a block or two.  The free coffee and cookies (sometimes donuts) in the rec room are a nice start of the day.  Management could not be sweeter and the amenities are better than at virtually any similarly priced motel.  The pool is a bit bigger than mid-sized and heated.  There is plenty of parking.  One of the best features of this spot is the rec room which is available for all kinds of use ... Hubby and I had the place to ourselves a couple of years ago to watch the final episode of Lost on the big screen.  Sweet.  I also love that they have such a great variety of rooms.  Some very large, including a full kitchen, for longer stays with family, and some small motel rooms for romantic get-aways (ask for room 401!)There's not much I would change about the Gondolier, so I have to go 5 stars.  I'm looking forward to visiting again at the end of this summer.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,10/28/2012,114,105,6,6,7>Do you like falafel? Do you like sabich (pronounced sa-beekh - the kh indicates a gutteral ugh sound)? Well, if you do, then you need to eat at Mama's. Best of both in Philly. Authentic (I'd know)... hummus that's smooth the way it should be (who-moose, or if you're feeling especially ambitious, kho-moose), tahina that adds the flavor you're expecting (it's not tahini, despite common belief, for the ambitious, try ta-khina), and israeli salad that adds the juiciness and crunch you need (read diced tomatoes and cucumbers, they leave out the peppers here).The sabich includes some eggplant and a hard-boiled egg... it makes my heart sing. They've even got whole wheat pitas for those being extra health-conscious (it's already Kosher, so you've got one star in the health department going in).If you don't like falafel or sabich, or haven't tried them, come to Mama's and you'll love it like I do. Try and make a liar out of me.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/27/2012,193,367,2,7,7>I went to Memphis Taproom a couple of years ago and it was forgettable (literally, I forgot the name of it).  Flash forward to this past month, though, and it was anything but.  The inside has been redone and the menu has gotten a kick in the ass since my last visit.  They have a lot of great sandwiches, burgers, and vegan/vegetarian options.  We ordered the hefeweizen hummus and the fried green tomatoes to share; both dishes were delicious and were easy to split between four people.  For dinner, I got the eggplant rollatini.  It wasn't a very fancy dish, but the flavors were there and the portion was a decent size.  I ended up having half of it wrapped and it reheated well.  The chicken-fried portobello sandwich looked fantastic and the smoked coconut club was excellent (I'm still not sure how they got coconut shreds to have a bacon consistency).  I'm not in this neighborhood much, but I was happy I came up this way to try them out again.  Memphis Taproom delivered.  I won't forget this place again.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,10/26/2012,71,82,6,13,10>I have been excited about Pizza Brain for MONTHS!!! And alarmingly, the experience and the quality of the pizza FAR exceeded my expectations. Brian gave us two slices to try before we even ordered to keep the slices in rotation. He made awesome recommendations and was super friendly. We tried the Jane pizza, which had a delicious selection of flavorful cheeses, fresh basil and tangy tomato sauce. The crust was AMAZING??  BEST CRUST EVER?? Charred and crispy and had a fermenty dough-y taste. We also tried the seasonal pie with sweet potato, honey goat cheese, and pumpkin pie spice. I was afraid it would be too sweet but it was delicious and savory and complex and had pools of butter or something on top??? I have no idea. But it was alarmingly delicious. we sat on the floor and crammed pizza slices into our mouths like gluttons. Also the pizzas were very hot, and the wait didn't even seem excruciating because we could eat ice cream appetizers and look at pizza trinkets while our pizza was cooking. I was initially more excited about the quirky museum part than the pizza restaurant part of Pizza Brain... But now I can say the actual pizza is WAY worth the trip.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/25/2012,563,317,14,9,10>There are many scientific processes I don't understand, and frankly I'm glad that we have really nerdy, geeky folks that can figure this stuff out.  Take chemistry for example.  Some combinations of elements are very useful, like H2O...hydrogen and oxygen creating water.  Some are really bad, like O2RE....the two dark cookie Oreo elements combining with the single white cream element.  The molecule O2RE is probably responsible for more trips to Weight Watchers and the cardiologist than any other known molecule in the universe.Some combinations of elements can do both great good and great harm.  Take TMT3O...tomato sauce, and combine it with C4BR....crab, creating the molecule TCRB3T....tomato crab sauce.  I understand that this molecule can do great mischief in the hands of the nefarious, so it doesn't surprise me that Fuze, the delicious Italian style restaurant on 21st St. and Dune in Avalon, conceals the fact that it is really a top secret research lab developing and refining culinary molecules.What makes Fuze's TCRB3T so dangerous is that they've weaponized it.  Fresh, homemade fettuccine (FT2NI2U on the periodic table) make this very hazardous to control;  in fact, a fork, spoon, and bib are required to properly handle this highly unstable molecule.  The half-life of this is also very short; whatever is not consumed at dinner is gone by breakfast the next morning.So, while different research labs toil away on new ways to help, and harm, human beings, Fuze, with their comfortable and warm dining room and attentive wait staff (all really just to continue the guise) has created something that can do both.  Used wisely, their creation can bring great euphoria.  However, in excess, it is a lethal weapon to destroy diets and ruin waistlines.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/24/2012,110,202,3,7,6>Happy Hour from 6-8 yay!  If you work a little later than the usual 9-5, this is a great thing.  Plus I've noticed that most happy hours in Nolibs go from 4-6, so this picks up where they leave off.  The beer specials are great: $2 for domestic drafts (ex: Kenzinger) and $3 for craft drafts (ex: Sixpoint Sweet Action, Troeg's Dreamweaver).Food: the 2 of us split an order of bacon cheddar fries.  You get a huge platter of fries with melted cheddar, bacon & jalepenos for $6.50.  They were delicious but I would have preferred chopped up fresh jalapenos mixed throughout the cheese. I also had the veggie burger.  It's not house made - it's basically a Boca Burger or Gardenberger. It's served on a bun that you'd buy in the bread aisle of any supermarket.  But for $5.50 it wasn't bad.  Decor: dark & red: wood paneling, dark red booths, upscale divey - love it.  Service: our server was great.  She seemed genuinely friendly and was knowledgeable about the menu. I'm so glad Ortlieb's has reopened. It's nice to have another non-piazza hangout option in NL.  It's a great spot for catching a late happy hour.  Good beer selection, decent place for cheap & tasty bar snacks, would not consider as a dinner destination though.  Next time I'll stick around for some live music.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/23/2012,37,39,2,15,8>I ventured out to 1 Tippling's opening night (which had been delayed due to issues with the liquor board; no shocker there) and was pleasantly surprised. Forget every pretentious cocktail bar in this city with a waiting list and a bouncer and a silly dress code - this place is more a living room than a speakeasy and in the best way. Inside there's a lounge with couches, a long bar with comfortable leather swivel seats, and rustic faux window panes coming from the walls; it's almost as if Anne Frey invited you into her own home. Actually, that's exactly how it felt since she was very present and welcoming everyone in last night with open arms! She sat with guests making small talk & made sure everyone was well fed and that people's glasses were always full. You'll also probably recognize the manager, David Tang from Ranstead Room, as he sweeps the room in a bespoke suit and horn-rimmed glasses, checking on guests and delivering drinks. The bartenders are handsome, knowledgeable and friendly - you'll either want to emulate them or date them. I threw them for a loop with my first drink choice: something with Absinthe, I said. I received a Death in the Afternoon in a chilled, crystal glass. This was quickly followed by a blackberry-muddled El Diablo, a French 75, a Caipirinha, an Apersol sour & a Kentucky Maid. (Yeah, I hung out for a while, lol) While there was no drink menu when I first arrived (One did eventually cross my path before the night was over), they'll be featuring classic, no-nonsense cocktails with a few special additions coming soon like barrel aged cocktails and tequila sangria, as well as small plates and light snacks (some of Anne's own house party favorites. She promptly asked if I'd like some cheese as soon as I sat down, and was handing out bowls of cheese & crackers and sweet & spicy bitters pecans to guests all night.) I use the word "guest" a lot because that's exactly how you'll feel here: like a familiar friend and not just like some nameless customer at some snooty bar. 1 Tippling place feels like a home-away-from-home and I intend to make it just that for hopefully many years to come.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,10/22/2012,311,132,22,13,9>When I first told my parents I wanted to go vegetarian (okay, with some rare seafood exceptions), they nearly disowned me. "Chinese people and meat cannot be separated," they told me. "Like yin and yang, both are necessary to achieve a harmonious balance."And for a while, I almost believed them. I began to wither, finding sustenance in Mediterranean, Indian, and Italian cuisines, but nothing palatable from my own native culture.  Even our tofu dishes contain meat, and when you remove it from the equation, it's hardly passable. I could feel myself and my body reacting. Eventually, I began buying items when they were NOT on sale, and I was only marginally taken over by Linsanity. Could my decision to stray from meat really be killing my inner Chinese??By the grace of God, I found Veggie Lovers, a 100% vegetarian Chinese restaurant that does not sacrifice taste or authenticity. There are so many tasty options available here, including a killer sesame "chicken" dish that would probably fool even an actual chicken. The food actually tastes like Chinese food and not some bland, paltry imitation. Prices are low (but bring cash), the staff is sweet, and they offer some pretty fantastic green tea (though dishes, unfortunately, can be quite slow to come out). Thank you Veggie Lovers, for saving me, for making Chinese food a real option for me, and all of Philadelphia's vegetarians (plus those friends we drag to eat with us).
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/21/2012,2055,3369,,9,9>We held a surprise 70th birthday luncheon at Chambers for 20 people and it was an amazing success. James (the manager - NOTE:  He left about a month later - fall of 2012) and I communicated for months beforehand and the actual day was picture perfect.Delicious food (We offered a soup/salad course and a choice of 4 entrees) and wonderful service by Lucas and the other servers. People raved about the perfectly cooked salmon and filet mignon as well as the delectable chicken/penne dish.Chambers even allowed us to bring our own cake - and graciously sliced and served it for us.We are so very pleased with our 5-star party at Chambers!I wish James was still around.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/20/2012,146,432,4,10,9>Cute little place with simple yet tasty, perfectly executed food.The Jawn sandwich was delicious.  Doesn't sound super special on paper, but this baby was perfectly executed.  Warm with melty cheese, all the flavours in the Jawn melded just right.  Every bite was a pleasure.  (They were out of pretzel bread, but it still worked.)Truffled egg salad was great too.  It's hard not to enjoy something with truffle oil drizzled on it, but the egg salad itself was also just really fresh and good.Simple, good, fresh food.  Good service.  Just perfect.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/20/2014,59,220,7,15,9>We wanted to impress my boyfriend's father with what Philly has to offer in the food scene - the Dandelion was a good choice! We started off with the warm bar olives and some great English beers. The decor of this place is out of this world - it really feels like you are in an old British home. We were told that everything inside the restaurant was purchased from estate sales in England - no wonder it felt so authentic.Our table had the lamb shephard's pie, the rabbit pie, the pork belly, and the house burger. We decided that the pork belly was the winner of the night, although everything was excellent. The sheer portion size of the pork belly blew us away. And the flavors over the braised red cabbage were so so good. I have cooked braised cabbage like this before and have never gotten it to this point, because I am pretty sure you need to cook it down for like 12 hours in order for the flavors to be this good. Along with mustard seed mashed potatoes - how can you go wrong? All of our other entrees were savory and very heavy, but very appropriate for the theme of the restaurant and the surroundings. We had to skip dessert on account of tight belts, but I opted for a chocolate stout that was the perfect end to the night.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/19/2014,393,710,2,15,4>This review based on an appraisal only but I'll be going back soon enough.When trying to add my recently purchased engagement ring to my homeowner's policy, I found out that I needed a written appraisal to give to the insurance company.  My yelp search for appraisal turned up a number of results and after consulting reviews, I turned to D'Antonio & Klein.  After a brief phone call, I set up an appointment and was quoted a very fair price for the appraisal document.I was greeted by the very kind staff upon entering and I showed them the ring.  They were very helpful in letting me know that the main stone was loose and that they would tighten the setting for me as part of the process.  They also offered to clean and polish the ring while I waited.  I learned a great deal about the ring I bought and I was happy to see that the appraisal price they arrived at exceeded my expectations.  The whole process took me about 25 minutes and the staff could not have been more helpful.I know that I will need other jewelry made in the future and D'Antonio & Klein is at the top of my list.  In the mess of places that is Jeweler's Row, I found at least one spot that makes sense for me and I'm sticking with them.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/18/2014,308,271,10,17,9>I am really, incredibly sad right now. Sad like, ruined a favourite dress sad. It's because I just finished the leftover half of the lamb soup I ordered from this place last night and I really, really wish it wasn't over. If this place wasn't easily accessible, I'd be like, death of a pet sad right now. I'm not kidding. And I love my pets a LOT.OK, so I think you're getting that this place makes some really delicious soup. The Gulai Kambing is a steaming hot quart of spicy, deep curry broth with the oomph of lamb stock and approximately 526 aromatics, and hidden within are fall-apart tender chunks of on-the-bone lamb. It's not a soup to be shy with. Get in there. Get messy if you have to. Do not waste that tender meat. My delivery order came with two little condiment containers and a lime wedge- sweet black soy sauce and spicy pepper paste. i added a little of each, having never ordered this type of food or ever from this restaurant, and I couldn't have been more delighted. Spicy, savory, sweet, hearty, it's a winter soup for the ages.To round out my Grubhub order, which carried a minimum of $15 and a hefty $4 delivery fee, I added some meat and potato croquettes called Perkedel and an order of saucy red peppery BBQ chicken called Ayam Bambu Rijak. The croquettes are very starchy and big, one would be very filling, and you receive 4 to an order so they are a great value. They need some kind of sauce, and the condiment served with was very pasty and heavy on the dried shrimp, a bit overpowering for my beginner taste buds. They also arrived a bit damp, owing to their takeout journey, but the leftovers warmed up in a hot oven were rockin and crispy on the outside. Very subtle seasoning, I liked them but they are super heavy.The chicken dish was also fantastic. Also, for like $7 they send you a lovely large container of sticky rice to accompany a separate lovely large container of chicken and the fixins to make lettuce wraps. It's so much food, and the chicken was delicious. The sauce has a lot of red pepper (not the spicy kind, the bell pepper kind), it's spiced but not spicy, very flavourful and the chicken breast chunks are grilled before being submerged in the sauce, adding flavour while keeping everything moist.This feast served as two full, ample meals plus some and only ran $18.25 before tax and delivery. I'd pay that much just for that soup because it was so damn good. Delivery only took 35 minutes on Superbowl Sunday. Next time I may go pick it up, since it isn't too far from me, and save myself the delivery fee and tip. There will be a next time. Oh yes, many next times...
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/17/2014,126,94,6,16,12>I can't even tell you how excited I was when I saw the sign for Pho Street.  We were really in need of something like this around these parts.  I am, by no means, an expert on Vietnamese cuisine but I am a huge fan of Fu Wah's tofu bahn mi and Pho from several places in Philly. Since Pho Street opened, I have tried their pho, bahn mi, spring rolls, bun, and summer rolls.  They have always been happy to sub tofu for meat, when possible, and have recently added a veg spring roll, tofu bahn mi, and tofu pho to their menu.  Big clap for that!I have probably had Pho Street's grub a dozen times now and have always walked away happy!  Keep it up!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/16/2014,578,372,7,10,11>I walk in and Bergan offers me a scotch or water. I knew then that we were off to a wonderful friendship. Shirts and jackets off the rack generally don't fit great they might possibly be good; but good is the enemy of great. There's nothing like having bespoke tailoring -- you get something that fits you like a glove and you get to make a multitude of little stylistic choices to make your shirt or suit your own. Today I went in for some shirts. There were a ton of choices that I was able to make to customize.. the shirt's placket, collar type, width, length, darts, vents, cuff style and type, buttons, epaulets, monograms..... So many choices! It could make your head spin, but Bergan was extremely helpful in guiding me on some of the choices I wasn't particularly sure of. I think in time I will be able to branch out and make some bolder decisions once I get the hang of all this. I learned a lot too during the process, which was great for me.They see customers by appointment only, so plan ahead and get ready to up your game.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,5/15/2014,92,80,5,7,6>The venerable SPTR; the last frontier of the O.G. Phila gastropubs - built to last.  Step into the bar and step back in time.. but not that far back.  To like 2005.  Kenzingers are $1.50 and Wild Boar tacos are $5 during Happy Hour.  The bartenders are knowledgable, passionate, and, though confident, are friendly and want you to enjoy your experience.  Ideal for any foodie, hipster, beer nerd, bro, ladies' night, early bird elderly couple, boozehound, folk band, hairdresser, power lunch, stoner, lawyer, etc., this place has got something for everyone; however, unlike some other spots in town, it doesn't try to be five things at once.  It's an understated, casual, new American eatery that is better balanced and more likely to stand up to time, despite its location a bit farther south and west than some are used to trekking, than any other gastropub in town.  I've taken so many different relatives and friends here over the past six or seven years and everyone always has left beaming (and usually inebriated).  This is the most consistent joint in all aspects: if you want a delicious meal (the food keeps getting better) and a gnarly beer (PBC, Firestone Walker, and Founders are regulars, among several other local and domestic craft brews) at a fantastic price (especially during happy hour - but normal prices are reasonable too), just hop the BSL and make a night of it.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,5/14/2014,113,92,1,7,6>On a recent trip to Izakaya in AC the FH and I stumbled on Heritage Winery and decided to stop in for a tasting. We paid $5 per person for 5 samples.  The gentleman serving us was well informed and paid attention to our likes. He even gave us a complimentary tasting of a wine that I liked even more than the wines I selected to try. I'm mostly a sweet wine drinker but every now and then I love a good glass of Pinot Noir.  Here I preferred the sweet wines.  We ended up buying 9 bottles with the top wines being the Jersey White, Moscato, Sugar Plum, and Peach.  Sugar Plum is an insanely lush seductive dessert wine and makes the perfect Christmas gift---as a bonus you can get your bottle wrapped all fancy for an additional $3!  The wine prices are extremely reasonable with most being under $20.  As a bonus most of the fruit (all but the blueberry I believe) is grown right at Heritage Vineyard. Truly makes this a local unique to Jersey gift. We had several staff ask us if we needed help, were finding things ok, etc so I was shocked to read the comments about not getting help. We were leaving as a trolley tour arrived so it could of been the timing that made our experience a more customer friendly experience. I've been on bus wine tours and I know how crazy they can be, I actually feel sorry for the wineries lol. The shop itself was super cute with all kinds of wine gifts and goodies as well as baked goods and samples of cheeses and even caprese salad available.  You could host one hell of a party with all the upscale gourmet goodies they stock here. One other really cool thing I want to mention about this NJ winery is that they participate in this wineries of NJ passport thing.  Basically you get a stamp for every winery you visit in the passport and once you visit them all you can win a trip.I will definitely be back to support this great local winery!
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,5/13/2014,268,273,5,12,8>I just inhaled my salad from Agno Grill. AG is a build-your-own salad, wrap or black rice bowl cafe, and I am impressed by the quality of ingredients, the price and the quick service.I had about 5 minutes before I had to catch my trolley back to work, and I decided to check out Agno. I was a little concerned because I heard there can be a lunch rush, but the line was very short and the staff was very fast at building my salad as I selected ingredients. I started with the base of the spinach salad with falafel for $8 which includes 3 toppings and 2 sauces. I opted for the roasted cauliflower (tasty and crisp), quinoa tabouli (same) and beets (which were delicious but incredibly messy). For my sauces, I chose the roasted eggplant, which I found to be very spicy but yummy, and the hummus which was excellent. The falafel was out of this world. All items on my salad had a lot of spice, a lot of pow. I think I'd like to have a piece of bread or something to go with this salad next time, to calm down my palate.I can't wait to return. This might be my favorite salad in the city! I'm also excited to try the black rice, especially with the cooler weather coming.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,5/12/2014,73,375,,10,6>I never thought a shop specializing in oil and vinegar would last on the strip in Collingswood, but now I understand why it did. This place is fantastic. Unbelievable selection of oils and vinegars with free tasting. I could spend hours in here. This was my go- to alternative Christmas gift idea for a few of my family members that are hard to shop for. My personal favorites are the garlic olive oil and the classic vinegar. Go and check it out, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/11/2014,195,334,3,13,7>One trip so far but great results based on what I experienced. My wife and I ordered multiple courses to get a feel for it.I started with the spicy miso soup. It might have been my favorite thing. It is so good. A little thick, spicy and full of great vegetables. We then had the butternut squash gnudi. They nail the texture and taste on this one. The tofu "cheese" is just right. The "pickles" is actually a small dish of pickled vegetables that have been shredded. They are very healthy. You can get that for $5 and feel good about yourself.We split the polenta with roasted vegetables for our entree. I would suggest splitting it like we did. It is deep fried and heavy. Delicious for sure but I would not want to eat the whole thing. We had the creme brulee for dessert. It was good but not over-the-top awesome. The layer below the sugar was a little bland and could have used some more vanilla. I have a feeling they rock dessert judging by the pictures they put on social media so I am excited to try other offerings in the future.The first visit has me wanting more. I am hoping the snow let's up so I can drive down there with ease. I will update this review as I get to know it better.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/7/2008,111,149,10,8,8>I've said it before and I'll say it again: I hate vegetables. I also hate meat substitutes. The only people who honestly think processed vegetable proteins are a good approximation of meat are those who haven't had real meat since a Democrat was in the White House. Thus, when I was invited to Horizons for a friend's med school graduation party a couple of years ago, I was not the least bit excited. OK, maybe just a tiny bit because I'd heard they had good drinks, a rumor which turned out to be true. But then my friend threatened me with a very pointy fork and to avoid being stabbed I reluctantly tried a bite of barbequed seitan. And you know what? It didn't suck. No way would I be fooled into thinking it was meat, but it wasn't half bad. So for making this avowed carnivore eat half a plate of fake meat, I give Horizons four stars.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,3/6/2008,828,1172,7,12,10>WoW! So few reviews about this place! I almost want to keep it that way so that me and my entourage can always have a table. So therefore this review might just be over!But then again this restaurant beyond deserves getting that extra business so I guess I can coincide. I just had my birthday dinner here and everything was exceptional. For an appetizer we ordered the calamari and it was the best I've ever had. I'm an aficionado for it so that really says a lot.For the main course I was torn between the Salmon and my staple crab cakes. But The salmon came with a garnish of a Jumbo Shrimp and a Cherry Tomato on top so how can anyone resist? there was even fresh snow peas, onions, and a crab broth. yum!Onto the dessert which is rarely my specialty. but the raspberry chocolate pyramid more than made up for it. picture a chocolate raspberry pastry drenched in dark chocolate with a raspberry on top! that's not all because raspberry sorbet was thrown in and it was uber fresh!The Rose Tattoo can be kind of pricey. it's also the kind of place that I wouldn't have known about If I hadn't of worked near it 4 years back. but the authentic wrought iron decor of the place and well prepared food makes it timeless. It's the perfect place to bring a significant other, or your friends, or your family, or a business meeting, or someone you plan to propose too......You just better leave a table for me!!!
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2008,3/5/2008,1556,472,8,15,10>Oh, Lolita. I am totally into you.This little restaurant feels super special, like you've discovered a place that is exclusive and very cool without being pretentious or a scene. The energy was amazing and the food, well, let's just say that it totally did it for me in ways that other restaurants in Philly just haven't been able to achieve.My husband and I decided to go here on a Saturday night, and based on the reviews, I expected a scary wait. Luckily, we came early enough (6-ish) and only had to wait about 15 minutes (the host took our cell phone number and gave us a call so we could browse next door at Robin's Books instead of waiting outside in the cold. That was awesome.). We were seated at a sweet little table up front so we got the whole romantic-date night experience, and we were in heaven from start to finish. He got the duck, which was amazing, and I got a cheese enchilada with grilled shrimp that blew my mind. The portions looked a little small when they were served, but I barely finished half of the entree before I was full. Yes, once again, my eyes were bigger than my stomach.The service was good and we never felt neglected or like he was breathing down our necks. It was loud but it just added to the vibe of the restaurant, and besides, I only had eyes for my dining companion (and, of course, my cheese and shrimp dish). This place gets my vote for best date restaurant in the city. Score!
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,3/4/2008,7,60,4,5,4>Wow, $2 for a lager in Old City, you can't really go wrong there.  There is also an excellent selection of premium beers for non-silly prices, which is always appreciated.  I spent the night on Anchor Steam and was pretty satisfied.Only one member of the group had food and got the nachos grande.  The plate was huge and the service was quick.We were there on a Saturday and had to move from our table when the DJ came on about 10.  It wasn't a major problem and the waitress was nice about it.  To be honest, it was getting a bit loud and obnoxious by that time anyway.I would definitely go back, though maybe not late on a Saturday night. Bugger, I've turned into an old man!
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,3/3/2008,27,16,2,4,3>How I love thee...oh, let me count the ways!These guys make some of the best desserts in town. Try the raspberry bar and ask them to pour some of the sipping chocolate on top for you. It's a little taste of heaven.Avoid heading over here on a Saturday afternoon as it sees more tourist traffic than the Liberty Bell.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,3/1/2008,23,25,2,2,2>Off the beaten path from the shops of Third Street, Topstitch is it's own variety of boutique. It boasts the perfect balance of vintage treasures and new designs. I love them for their sunglasses and jewelry but mostly for the abundance of owl items they carry. From owl necklaces to candleholders to even ash trays, Topstitch totally ran with the kitschy owl theme and I love every bit of it. First Friday at Topstitch means killer sales as well as a reception for their featured artist (did I also mention their mini art gallery?). Check out Topstitch for their funky goods, reasonable prices, and hip and happy staff. And be the first girl at work to rock the owl trend. Owls are the new hotness.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,2/28/2008,6,20,5,8,7>I have been going to Shampoo for years, and I've been two times in the last few months.  Once was for Baby Loves Disco on a Sunday afternoon.  (Yes, I'm a parent).  It was awesome - the place was immaculate - hard to believe, I know.  They had the bars open for the adults and the music was a moderate level for the kids.  There are kid-friendly snacks and toys for them to play with - hula hoops, scarves, etc.  We went w/another family and had a blast - if you have kids under 7 this is a great place to spend Sunday afternoon.The other time I went was on a Friday night - the music was awesome - except the salsa room downstairs kept pulling my husband in, and I can't get into salsa, I prefer industrial.  Anyway, Friday is gay night and the crowds are great.  I agree with the other reviewers though - the bathrooms are filthy.  It's amazing to see how clean they were when we went with our children and how cruddy they got with adults there.  Odd.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,2/27/2008,17,49,1,7,5>With not too many places to get lunch in the area, Sushi Land has saved me many many times. I work close by and this is a really  great  lunch place, casual and clean with a friendly staff. Their sushi actually  is really very good. Their miso soup is amazingly flavorful, I highly recommend it. You can get the soup and two rolls for about 10 bucks. They have other lunch deals on teriyaki bento boxes but  being a creature of habit stick to my usual spicy tuna roll, avocado roll and miso soup. Yum.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,2/26/2008,6,9,6,5,9>Approach the cheese counter. Tell the smiling, fetching young bearded fellow that you are looking for something creamy and heart-stopping. Watch him roll up his sleeves, pull out some massive wheels and cut you sliver after sliver of cheese until you've found your perfect match. Don't settle. This is important. Wait for the one that stops the world and melts with you. Ask him to slice you the cheapest hunk possible. Buy a baguette and you are all set for a happy happy picnic.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,2/25/2008,28,113,10,7,7>Ok.. I know.. Five stars.  What?What is New Deck.  It's a faux Irish pub/college tavern.  Is it dirty?  Yes.  Are all of the tables (and obviously also the floor and chairs) covered with old beer and grease?  Yes.  Is it a little bit disgusting to think about if you're sitting down to eat a delicious plate of cheese fries (with bacon!)?  Ok, maybe a little....But this place has a fantastic selection of beers (get the 90 minute Dogfish head!  It's amazing) and a decent selection of other boozy items.  And what do you want after three beers and a shot of whiskey?  A huge juicy cheese-covered burger and a huge plate of crispy salty fries.  And what does New Deck have in abundance?  Awesome juicy cheese-covered burgers and huge plates of crispy salty (greasy) fries.Don't come here for a shiny Michelin-star experience.  Come here to get a little tipsy and then balance that out with some salt and grease.  Just like god intended.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,11/18/2013,57,121,,6,6>After having my finger on the pulse of this Shake Shack location for a couple months, I went on the 4th day they were open. It's new and beautiful, across from JC Penney in the KOP mall parking lot.So as to properly critique this location, I ordered the same thing I order every time I go to Shake Shack: Shackburger, fries, & a Coke. This was my first experience with the "new" fries (no longer crinkle cut) - and they were a hit! I generally don't care for crinkle cut fries anyway, so I was glad to see (eat!) this change.The service was very helpful, polite, and quick! They had someone greeting customers with a menu and explaining the lines for those who had never been.Good beer offerings. I saw Yards Philly Pale, a Victory (didn't catch which), and PBR. I will always be a Shake Shack advocate, it's the best in its niche, the burgers are truly perfect. Also, extra points for having malt vinegar available for fries! I need to try some different menu items...and a shake! I will be back.Overall, just as delightful as the 20th & Sansom location, if you work or live in KOP, you don't want to miss this Shake Shack!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/17/2013,203,559,3,5,4>A girlfriend and I took a trip out to the Crate and Barrel outlet and wanted a bite to eat after shopping. Molto Bene looked like it might hit the spot. We walked into a super quaint restaurant that was nice and cozy on a chilly fall day. They had plenty of menu items that perfectly fit the weather. We shared a small plate of the gnocchi in brown butter with their homemade sausage - FANTASTIC. I literally wanted to lick the plate. I got the chicken burger, which was delicious. It was impressively flavorful and perfectly cooked. My friend got the half salad with soup and really enjoyed the soup, but the salad was lacking a bit. The honey balsamic dressing was super thick and the salad just wasn't anything special. She finished her meal with a kid's scoop of the salted caramel gelato - at under $2, it's a bargain! While I thought it was a bit too caramel-y with no hint of salt, she loved the extra-caramel flavor. Overall, we had a great dining experience and would definitely return if back in this neck of the woods. This place would do fantastic in Philly!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/16/2013,47,79,16,30,22>I am a huge fan of this vet. My dog is 8 years old, we have moved around a lot in his lifetime so I have experienced various veterinary hospitals, and this is by far my favorite. The staff is always nice, accommodating and polite, and the doctors are wonderful too. I usually see Dr. Dallago when I go in for visits - he is wonderful with my "sometimes-difficult" Lhasa Apso and makes me feel comfortable enough to call back the next day with any follow up questions. I have also dealt with Dr. Radbill, whom I called one night when there was a slight emergency. Although he had never visited my pup personally, he gave me advice and calmed me down. They also offer boarding, and although I have never taken advantage of it, they are definitely the first place I'd call. Overall a great Vet and I am so thankful I can turn to a trustworthy doctor when there are any issues with my baby!
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/15/2013,183,210,1,25,9>Awesome place for running, biking, hiking! It's nice and shady, for the most part - so good to escape the city heat. You feel like you are NOT in the city, but still are! I love it here!Pro tip: Park at the Wissahickon TC train station... nice, big, free lot. Usually pretty empty at least on the weekends. Walk down the hill to the left, and enter the park on the trail by the bridge. It's about 1.5 miles on that part of the trail to Forbidden Drive.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,11/14/2013,169,704,7,17,10>I know my fellow Delco Yelpers have been watching this place as it was being renovated. Well, I'm first to review. I win! Yay me!So, I am always in favor of new styles of food in this area of Delco. Anything that isn't the same ol sports bar type of place is an immediate improvement in my book.Of course it isn't going to matter if the food isn't good. So I've been driving past here watching for this place to open. I finally noticed activity here this week and had a chance to stop in at 9pm tonight. They've done a nice job with the interior, I noticed right off the bat. And it turns out tonight was grand opening night to the public. So have at it, gang!I am no expert in Vietnamese cuisine but I have had it several times. I did notice that the menu was quite extensive. I don't think you'll complain about the variety. I know there are a lot of Pho lovers on Yelp, and they've got a lot of Pho choices.  I'm a sucker for wonton soup so I went for the big bowl with noodles. As I was waiting, I noticed plates coming out of the kitchen and each item looked better than the last. The wonton noodle soup came with shrimp and all of the good soup trimmings. Gang, the bowl was a meal in itself, and was as good as anything I've had on Washington Ave in Philly or even Chinatown. From the broth to the wonton filling, perfect flavor! I also sampled the chicken curry appetizer. It's a small portion but priced right and quite tasty. It's a good small plate sample. Gang, we have to give this place a chance. I don't think you will regret it one bit if you're a fan of this cuisine. Have at it, Delco Yelpers!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/13/2013,126,94,,8,4>I've been waiting and waiting for a good Mediterranean restaurant to open in the area.  Desert Rose isn't much to look at inside, but it's nice enough.  More importantly, the food is fantastic.  I had the red falafel which uses in-house roasted red peppers instead of parsley and herbs. It was piled high into a homemade fresh pita with hummus, cucumber, tomato, cilantro, citrus slaw, and mint tzatziki.  Loved every second of this sandwich.  The meat eater had the short rib sandwich and didn't talk the entire time he ate...a sure sign he was loving it too!  My youngest devoured some pita and Harissa.Really friendly people and you can watch the chef fry up your falafel.  Can't wait to go back and try something else.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/12/2013,82,230,7,5,6>Franklin Fountain is not free, but it likely won't put you in debt. $5 gets you a small ice cream. $10 gets you a sundae. You will spend the same going to Capogiro or any of the 500 self-serve fro-yo spots in the city.Tourists like the place. Remember that most of them will wind up at an Olive Garden or Applebees, so be thankful for them that they at least got some delicious ice cream.It's small, and it gets crowded. You'll probably have to wait on line. You're willing to wait at the falafel cart at 20th & Market. You're willing to stand in a hungry crowd waiting for Sabrina's or Sam's Morning Glory. I have a hard time believing the wait for ice cream pains you.Bottom line: go there, get some ice cream, enjoy it, and don't be grumpy about it.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/11/2013,150,257,2,5,4>I was not expecting this to be as good as it was.  We ordered in from here and our food was delivered almost a half an hour before the schedule delivery time.  I ordered the lamb schwarma over rice and an order of onion rings (it just called to me when I saw it on the menu).  The lamb was so perfectly seasoned and tender with the occasional crunchy outer piece and so perfect.  They had tossed in some sauteed onions and tomatoes as well and served it all over rice with peas, carrots, and corn.  I cleaned my entire plate because it was so good.  The onion rings, while not being traditional Mediterranean food, were delicious "cafeteria style" onion rings with the mushy onions inside.  We also got an order of feta cheese, which was salty, creamy, and perfect.I can't wait to order from here again!
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,11/10/2013,185,301,1,6,9>I've been a fan of Philly Dance Fitness for a while, but today, my fandom just soared to a whole new level. Way to go, Deb and crew, for making the Philadelphia Dance Day really an awesome part of the National Dance Day celebration across the country. Today's dance classes drew probably 50-70 people each, and featured hip hop, zumba, cardio pop, and much more. What a great exhibit of the sport - being enjoyed by young and old, and all other demographics of our City of Brotherly Love! I've also been attending Philly Dance Fitness as a member for a few months. I love the evening classes - and the variety in style and location, which are variably convenient depending on the day and week. The teachers are all very well-versed in their choreography, and they make it a fun experience for all of the participants, whether at beginner or expert level. The main goals of the classes are always for fun and breaking a sweat - whether you're on beat or not! I'm glad I found this company, and I look forward to remaining a member and enjoying these classes into the future.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,11/9/2013,128,193,,9,5>Devil's Alley is a great "all-purpose" bar/pub/restaurant.  Its got something for everyone, which is why I usually recommend this bar for out-of-towners.  They have a great drink menu, from unique cocktails, to sangria, to craft beers on tap.  The food also never lets you down.  There are many choices of bar munchies, finger foods, or full meals.  The quesadillas are great, the guacamole is pretty good!  The ribs are fantastic, nice sweet BBQ sauce on the ribs.  The mac-n-cheese is really cheezy!! I love that.  The pulled pork sandwich is probably one of the best I've had in a long time... its juicy, sweet, and stacked with pulled pork.  The side of coleslaw is great when you pour it on top the pork!  The nachos are great, loaded with cheese whiz.  The service is always good, very happy waitresses and bartenders, they are accommodating with large groups also.  I love the upstairs bar the best, there is more room and I love sitting at the table tops near the wide open windows when the weather is nice out.  Go here, they also have Happy Hour specials.  All around great bar with a great, fun, open atmosphere.  I recommend this place all the time to people who don't know where to go in Philly.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/27/2008,128,137,5,14,11>Jeremiah at the Alley recommended Moo Tattoo to me.  He recommended them, when he's only been in for a consultation.  And I'm so gad he did. So I go in to ask some mindless, first time tattoo questions, and the man standing behind the counter is so nice, and deals with my mindless, first time tattoo questions like a pro. Then, he hands me some books to show the artists' work.  I did not have to get two pages into his book to know that he was the artist for me.  Shawn's work is so amazing.  He also did a great job on my tattoo.  He made sure to check on me, a lot (even though I think I took it like a champ), which I appreciated. He truly looked concerned as he repeated jabbed me with tiny, mechanized needles. I'm really surprised that this place doesn't have any presence on Yelp.   They've been there over a decade. And I certainly had a friendly experience.  Maybe their place on South Street has deterred many people from going here? I don't know.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/26/2008,218,736,1,7,7>First, thank you reviewers! I went to this restaurant because you all recommended it so highly and it was well worth it!This was for my birthday dinner and it has to be one of the best I've had in years.  It just goes to show you that you can't judge a book by it's cover or size!  This tiny restaurant looks like nothing much from the outside, but it's clean and nice inside.  The staff was so friendly and prompt with everything.  The food service was quick - and the dishes huge!!  We had so much trouble picking what to eat that we'll have to go back soon and try new things.  This was a great restaurant - even meat eaters will love it!!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,7/24/2008,18,31,4,7,6>I freakin LOVE my hair! I've never been more me. You can't beat the prices, the people, the chill shop doggies, or the lovely location (although they are moving, but just two doors down the street). I was so freaked out to go this short that I basically got two cuts in one. First a conservative trim and then said screw it go all the way. So happy with this place and my cut and I've definitely found my spot in Philly!
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,7/22/2008,20,128,10,12,12>Nerd. Geek. Whatever you will, I am.My husband and I went here while dawdling around Old City waiting for my appointment with a needle. We had always gone to the comic shop on South Street so needless to say we were blown away when entering Brave New Worlds. Their inventory is amazing and the collection of action figures and such is probably the best I've seen in the city so far.We're not much of the "comic book" readers actually, but the longer, more graphic novel type books are always fun. We also collect oddities for our bedroom shelves....picture the fun artifacts in Tattooed Mom's on two long shelves. Anything Star Wars, Battlestar, and Star Trek and we're there. We wound up spending about a hour inside shooting the breeze with the clerk  and other customers. We also found a Tardis, although it wasn't the one we were looking for it was still the only one we've seen in Philly. There is also the Spok doll with the movable limbs...fascinating Captain, and logical too.Now if only they had a Dalek I'd be set.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,7/21/2008,239,81,8,7,7>Get your colonial drink on! Once Upon A Nation, the brand of modern historic programming in the Independence National Historical Park, has a tour called the Tippler's Tour! In the time frame of a standard Happy Hour, this tour is set in the late 18th century as we are guided by a "Tippler", one who is familiar and quite fond of the drink! This guide takes us to four watering holes, present day National Mechanics, Society Hill Hotel, Triumph Brewing Co. and City Tavern. We sample a full glass of either a local beer or cider at each location and a few light snacks along the way. If you are lucky, we may even sing a few tavern songs. You will end this tour feeling like a Tippler! Oh, did I mention that you get a copy of Ben Franklin's Drinker's Dictionary? It has many great ways to say basically that you are smashed! Like: "He sees the beams", or "He bum over tea kettles" or "He's Nimtopsical". Don't take my word for it. Taste for yourself!
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,7/20/2008,129,194,9,11,10>Clark Park is the heart of West Philadelphia. I always take a blanket and a book, but I usually find myself lulled by the sunshine and shady trees, distracted by people and dog watching, or entirely consumed with consuming my tofu hoagie, or wandering across the street to the Green Line and back. The Farmers Market on Saturday (and Thursday in the summer) has some great local grub, including whoopie pies, cheese, and herbs grown by high school kids.While the "dog bowl" side of the park can be more active, don't miss out on the flat, shady area by the volleyball cart - it's where we while away the hours playing croquet until dark. Tips - if you're looking for a quiet afternoon, avoid the large group of kids playing cooperative games with foam swords and shields (you'll know it when you see it). They have no problems running right through your blanket nap, bellowing, and the "adults" who play with them aren't the least bit helpful and containing the fields of their "war."
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,7/19/2008,28,27,9,9,9>Praise Allah, this place rocks. Best Falafel in the city, hands down. The shwarma is banging. The hummus is yummus. And the chicken maroosh makes me want to call someone and share my good fortune - however, Saad's is a cell-phone free zone (yay!), so that's out of the question. The prices couldn't be better, Saad himself couldn't be nicer, and the food couldn't be tastier. Get it.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,7/18/2008,9,19,7,7,7>the grog was my favorite bar during college. while slightly pricey, i loved the atmosphere and the bartenders. the burgers and fries are god's foods. the drinks are nice and strong. and the owner, billy, is my hero. billy once paid for every drink that my friends and i had over the course of 4 hours on a sunday no less. the birthday girl's level of drunkenness is legendary. to the point where the said birthday girl was outside the bar sleeping on the pavement with a huge grin on her face right around closing time. you cant beat that. go to the grog for food and the company of the staff. a fun game to play there is: "guess the bryn mawr students" amongst the horde of villanovans.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,7/17/2008,6,10,4,6,7>When we moved to Philly, I was worried about being able to find good Indian food in the land of hoagies, whiz and Tastykake, but Tiffin has saved the day.  They turn out delicious and affordable food that's prepared with obvious care and attention.As with most places, there are some hits and misses, but we really love the Butter Chicken (note to native Philadelphians: this isn't actually chicken floating in a vat of butter, sorry to let you down), Chana Masala, and Aloo Gobhi.  I'm not thrilled with the Samosas and the Nan is usually soggy from sitting around before it gets home (even when we pick up), but those are really minor issues, compared to the relief of finding delicious Indian food nearby.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,7/16/2008,7,11,6,4,4>Zios, you are the answer to my pizza prayers. Open Monday-Saturday until 8 pm, you satisfy my every pizza desire. Your top quality dough and robust sauce makes my knees weak at the very thought of tasting them. Zio's I have to ask you one question, Will you stay in my neighborhood and continue to rock my pizza world?
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,2/11/2010,106,32,38,22,22>With a staunch, well-documented history of heterosexuality behind me, I feel proud to say that I am a huge fan of Tavern on Camac.  I'll never forget my first foray into this intense world of mirrored dance floors, Britney remixes, unisex bathrooms, pint glasses of Red Bull Vodka, and dudes.  It was an eye-opening experience.Most straight guys are missing the point when it comes to gay bars.  They tend to fixate on the superficial, while totally missing out on some real opportunities to rock.  Get over yourself.  You have got to get up to get down.  It's a simple mathematic equation.  There are TWO fundamental rules that all straight men must abide whilst visiting the Tavern in order to fully maximize their experience:1)  Don't be afraid.  You will get hit on, that much is guaranteed.  The quarters are tight and there's nowhere to hide.  In fact, although it may seem counterintuitive, the straighter you act, the more suitors you will attract.  I suppose you're viewed as a challenge, a latent ball of homosexuality just begging for a special boy to bring it to the surface.  While we all know this isn't true, you should take advantage of this false belief.  Instead of being offended when a tiny little man in a tight v-neck tee, True Religion jeans, an out of season tan, and an impeccable complexion approaches you to talk about football, embrace the opportunity.  Live in the moment.  Accept the drink that he has offered to buy you.  If you can simply maintain conversation, that one drink may turn into two drinks which may turn into three drinks...all for free.  Think straight dudes.  How many dollars have you spent in your life buying drinks for girls at bars?  How significant of a return on investment have you seen from those dollars?  Generally speaking, I'd be willing to bet it's pretty low.  So why not recoup some of those sunk costs?  Why not get yours?  Shed your antiquated inhibitions.  It's your turn to feel pretty.  It's your turn to feel special.  It's your turn to feel wanted...sigh!  At Tavern on Camac, for once in my life, I could keep my wallet in my pocket, sit back, and enjoy an evening of lively chatter and free booze.  Take...Ad...Vantage.2)  Keep your head on a swivel.  While it's fun to get free drinks, it gets a little old as the night draws closer to last call.  At some point, you will have had your fill of dudes night out.  And herein lies the magic of the gay club - a secret fact of life that most of my straight friends are hesitant to believe, but are quick to embrace once they bear witness to this amazing phenomenon.  In Philadelphia, gay bars are the best place to pick up chicks.  Now wait wait wait.  Take it easy over there.  Allow me to explain.  Every weekend, girls get together with their pack and head out looking for fun.  Invariably, they end up at the same old bars getting hit on by same old guys.  It's gets tiresome.  They need a change of pace.  So what do they do?  They call their gay friend and they set up the classic - GIRLS NIGHT OUT!  "Whoooo...it's going to be great.  We'll hit the gay bar and dance the night away without having to fear the shady, straight guy, back-end, sneak attack on the dance floor!"They get all dolled up, they meet up with their gay friend, and do just as they planned.  No straight guys, just girls and gays having fun.  They are easy to spot, dancing in a herd in a circle around their one gay buddy.  That is until midnight hits.  They've had some drinks, they're starting to feel good, and all of a sudden, they realize, they might actually want to meet a nice guy.  You can literally see this switch flip in their brain as they start to frantically scan the dance floor for anything even slightly resembling a straight man.Well, when that happens, if you're the only straight guy in the gay bar, you start to look pretty damn good.  You have no competition at all.  You could be the biggest loser on the face of the planet, but if you're in the right place at the right time, you could be getting your swerve on.   It's a good thing to be a big fish in a small pond.  Furthermore, it's such a liberating feeling to be able to meet the young ladies without any interference from spiky haired dorks in their t-shirt and blazer combo ala Ryan Seacrest circa 2K5.  The fact is, you can't compete with these tools because they have no sense of shame, so why even try?  Go gay bar and avoid the competition all together!Most guys don't realize this aspect of the Tavern.  They shy away for no good reason at all.  As a result, they are seriously missing out.  To all my straight men out there, get on over to Tavern, drink for free, and meet some chicks.  Doesn't get any more hetero than that.  My only word of warning would be to avoid feeding the bears on the first floor.  They're an aggressive bunch and often known for their frugality.  No free drinks here.  Just lots of burly man hugs.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,2/10/2010,121,177,7,9,8>I have been holding out on my review of Distrito and wanted it to be my 150th review. And what better way to have my 150th review when watching the finale of "The Next Iron Chef". The luchador decor is crazy cool. I feel like that it is trying to rival El Vez, but the fact that it's a Garces restaurant makes everything better :) I'm all about outrageous colors and such, but somehow this works. I really love the main pink and green color scheme that you encounter when you enter.My friend and I started with the Nachos Ignacio which were alright. I would have liked to see something more exotic on the dish, but we did finish the dish so I can't complain. Those spicy nuts [no crude jokes, guys!] they serve while you wait for your food are pretty damn spicy. The highlight of the meal: I can still taste that poblano mole in my mouth with such succulent duck breast, mmmmm. Oh, how I miss it. That alone warrants another visit for me. I would like to order in this bulk lol. Also, I'm a sucker for frozen drinks, so my friend's frozen orange drink was promptly devoured mostly by me as I also had my Luchador.Bonus for this restaurant: more seating than any other Garces establishment, so wait time is low. Only drawback is that I have to trek out by UPenn. Boo. Hopefully I can dine in the car one day to make up for this.Jose Garces, you are the f*cking man.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,2/9/2010,144,305,4,10,8>Holy crap.  The sweet potato banh mi sandwich (that's a Vietnamese hoagie for those not in the know) is wonderful.  Filled with all the fixings that make it so great - cilantro, jalepenos, pickled carrots, daikon radish, jicama - with some Royal additions - sweet potato, bibb lettuce, and cilantro aioli.  SO GOOD.Based on the dishes I've had here - you'd think I'm vegetarian.  If I had the money to eat at the Royal every night - I could probably pull it off.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,2/8/2010,125,201,9,11,10>One of my coworkers has taken on the title of Happy Hour Coordinator (doesn't every office have one of these?), a position of little lucre but great utility for the rest of us. After many long hours researching in the field, his diligence lead us to crown Valanni our Office Happy Hour Spot. Valanni is dead, long live Valanni. With half priced drinks and apps, a big, square bar and cozy little tables in nooks nearby, this is an accommodating place for a gaggle of people. They make a mean mojito, with lots of mint and aesthetically pleasing rock candy. When it's cold, I often opt for the frequently-changing seasonal stout (Bell's Expedition and Dogfish Head Chicory, for representative examples). My favorite embarrassingly-named cocktail looks like a trainwreck with three ingredients too many on the menu page, but with a splash of balsamic vinegar to cut its sweetness, it's different and delightful.The patatas bravas and other bar snacks are a cut above your typical happy hour fare, and the lobster mac n cheese makes my colleagues rave. At a catered party in the back room (which is a nice spot for a party), Valanni really showed its stuff, with an extensive Mediterranean-inflected selection of hors d'oeuvres, plated in single bites on spoons and presented alluringly on a tall rack. Everything I tasted - hummus, white beans with pesto, vegan flatbread, cucumber salad and especially this one feta dip - was well-executed, and I appreciated the balance of vegetarian and dead animal options.Service here tends to be either exemplary or execrable, and occasionally, that can result in a truly abominable drink. I recommend having your Happy Hour Coordinator spend some time getting to know the bartenders, who now start muddling and mixing as soon as they see our guy walk through the door.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,2/7/2010,331,353,11,7,12>so you are having an affair with a married man and you want to know where to take him to have a cocktail, but still feel like a proper lady...well The Franklin is your place.....OK, well maybe that is a bit exaggerated, but you can't help but feel like you are committing some sort of sin when you drink their potent drinks....these are cocktails meant to be sipped not downed like some frat boy...these are cocktails from another time...these are cocktails that are meant to make you feel like a lady, but act otherwise....the atmosphere is dark, the drinks are strong, and the overall feeling is that you are part of some sort of IN crowd...perhaps I have watched too much Mad Men in my day, but I am hooked for sure.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,2/6/2010,22,93,4,5,4>I like this place better than the Sabrina's in the Art Museum area.  It has more of a rustic or old house vibe than its more diner-ish feeling counterpart.  I still enjoy both, however.The food is delicious, albeit not as cheap as other breakfast places.  The portions are fairly substantial to make up for the price increase.  I always finish my food though!  I'm a big fan of the Barking Chihuahua breakfast burrito.  I've never tried the French Toast, but I want to.  Moving towards brunch... I think the Parmesan French Fries are a bit gimmicky.  The Tuscan Chicken sandwich is delicious though.  As for dinner... if ever you see the Stuffed Meatloaf available, holy shit is that good and huge portions!The specials are often the best way to go, but more expensive.Of course you're going to have to wait for awhile if you come on a popular day, but you should already know that if you're reading this review.  Sometimes upwards of 30 minutes...They are also dog friendly, which is nice for my friend who likes to bring her dog in the summer.  They give the dog a water bowl.  Nice touch.  However, I'm sure the people sitting at a table next to the dog can possibly get annoyed.  You know... after good social graces require them to proclaim just how cute your dog is~!!!  You still have a fucking dog staring at your food as you eat.  Could be annoying to some.  Also, the sidewalk outside is at a slight slant... and my friend's dog once spilled the water bowl.  So it naturally ran down under the table of the people closest to the street.  Sorry, guys.  I love dogs, really... but maybe just leave your dog at home.TIP:  Need a quick beer fix for your BYO meal?  Check out 12 Steps Down nearby while you're waiting for a table.  They have take-out beer available, albeit pricey.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,2/5/2010,21,40,12,27,20>When I moved to West philly, everybody told me to try Mr. Lees breakfast... specifically the egg cheese susage bagel which is amazing. Just enough butter and cooked properly.Mr Lee touts his spinach chicken cheesesteak as the best in philly and it does not fail to impress. Personally I enjoy the chicken cheesesteak with broccoli instead.If you want good food at an extremely affordable price come to mr Lees! Also try the Hungryman breakfast special. 4 eggs, 2 orders of meat(SUAsage, bacon?) hashbrowns (whcih are DELICIOUS) toast
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2009,2/4/2010,828,1172,12,12,10>I'm upping my love for The Irish Pol only because you can have some serious fun when you try to create sentences from their diverse and extensive beer selection. Example -"I had quite the Odd Notion that Sweaty Betty was a Crotch Sniffer due to the Flashbacks that Circus Boy had."And so that might just be the BEST sentence ever that I have constructed for the sake of a review (sorry for the explicit nature. But when you find a beer called Crotch Sniffer you really have to run with it!).But I'm also giving it up for the overall atmosphere of the place. It gave off a good and friendly vibe on every occasion that I've been to it so far. I'll give an exclamation point yet again to the fact that it has 40 taps! quite frankly when you roll into a place with the likes of a Burger Assassin, and a Cupcake Queen, food has to be a factor. and it's quick offerings satisfied our drunken munchies. And Photo Hunt is clearly amazing whether it the regular or nudie version. One day I will top Meredith's score!And on another update I'm now not sure if Cousin Ed is the owner. But he's still the man!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,2/3/2010,2946,2194,19,20,21>If more places started serving hot dogs, I'd be a happy camper.Stopped by McGlinchey's to try their hot dogs, as promised. A bartender directed us to sit and someone would help us. We sat, we made conversation, and we interacted with a fun group drinking across from us. A staffer told us she made "a mean hot dog" which made me happy to order two. It was my birthday, so I also got a shot of vodka ($2.85!) which hit me fast. Damn fast - by then, lunch was a distant memory.Fast forward a few commercial breaks, to us with our hot dogs. Mine was magnificent: sauerkraut, relish, onions, ketchup, mustard, all balanced in a bun, for a mere 75 cents. I scarfed it down, then debated a second shot of vodka. My friend enjoyed her dog.Instead of an olive branch, McGlinchey's offered a hot dog. They're as unapolegetically divey as ever, and you can still smoke there, but the more you go here, the more it'll rub off on you. Swing by for cheap drinks and even cheaper eats.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,2/2/2010,49,67,8,8,9>Dear Capogiro, This time you really got me. It's the middle of winter and it's colder than a witch's tata so do I really want gelato? Honestly, yes I do, but the reasonable person in me says, "no." So, instead I decided to get a latte and the boy went for a combo of the gelato-espresso special. You have won over that last star, Capogiro. That was a perfect latte and that espresso gelato thing was like fireworks in your mouth. It was the dark chocolate gelato with hot espresso poured over it and it was served with whipped cream (not the fake canned stuff, either!)It was incredible and reasonably priced, too, which I found surprising. One word: Ambrosia. I would also like to add that their happy hour specials and beers on tap are also reasonably priced and they offer a decent selection. Thanks and much love, Addicted
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,5/28/2007,24,76,5,7,3>It is the location and the view that makes this restaurant what it is. Probably a place with subpar food could survive at this location (right on the river, behind the Art Museum, overlooking Boathouse Row)- but the bonus here is that the Water Works food is actually quite delicious. If you can, get a seat outside, or in the windowed dining room. The floor-to-cieling glass allows a spectacular view of boathouse row and the river. It's kind of fun to realize that all those people you see on the Schuylkill are commuting, and you're not one of them. Drink champagne while thinking these thoughts if at all possible.The biggest drawback here is the crowd. To be frank, they're old (ageism warning here). You can go to fancy, nice restaurants in the city where the crowds are young and more fun, and make you feel more comfortable, but this will not happen at the Water Works. Being in our late twenties, we were totally out of our element here. Oh well, the rest of the experience made up for it. If at all possible, have Richard as your waiter. He was the best waiter we had maybe ever in our lives. This place is known for an award winning pastry chef, so don't fill up before dessert.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2007,5/27/2007,1,9,,1,2>The Tap Room has homemade food with several hard to find beers on draught.  Where else would you be able to get Maredsous 8 in Philadelphia?  (This is a beer you can get at the Maredsous abbey in Belgium.)I had the Wild Man Clam chowder which was a Manhattan style soup with a bang.  Nice and spicey.  To finish that off, I had the Monster BLT.  Very nice.  My friend had the steak with beans and plantains.  He enjoyed it.  The service was good and fast.This was a nice break from the typical bar food that has all the character of dried out shoe leather.  Would definitely recommend eating there and will return in the future.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,5/26/2007,1,28,,3,2>I've been going to the Academy since I was a kid.  My mom would take me to see Riccardo Muti conduct the Philadelphia Orchestra, or we'd go to see the Ballet.  I have many fond memories of awe at the beautiful architecture and fabulous performances I've seen through the years.  Even with the new Kimmel Center I'm glad that this Philadelphia icon is still being used.  Recent performances I've seen include The Lion King, Pennsylvania Ballet's Performance of Carmina Burana and most recently Spam-a-lot.  The sound and experience are always exceptional.  I've sat throughout the theater over the years, from the Family Circle to row  BB on the floor.  There is not a bad seat in the house as far as views and sound are concerned, although I did have trouble seeing around the tall gentleman in front of me during Spam-a-Lot (floor seats).  Some complain about the seats as being uncomfortable, so that is something to consider.  You may find the box seats more comfortable if you can afford them.I still want to see the Opera, and I'm looking forward to seeing Avenue Q next year
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2007,5/25/2007,28,181,6,5,4>First off, you should know that I am notoriously unforgiving of wack vibes in lame clubs.  When the undanceable song comes on, I will sit down.  After multiple undanceable songs, I will BOO THE DJ.  All of this is merely to say that I don't give any pity points, so when I say a club is hot, you can rest assured that it's hot.  Mint is hot.If you come early [11], the place is pretty much empty, which is perfect if your squad wants to dominate the dance floor.  It never gets ridiculously crowded, and the vibe here is friendly.  No mean mugging, no bitchiness.  Note that it's a pretty young crowd.  Lovely space right in the thick of things in Old City.  Best of all is DJ B Easy.  He knows how to put it down, plain & simple.  I did not have to hate on him at any point in the span of 3 hours, & that's pretty damned good.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2007,5/24/2007,16,85,2,6,1>Disclaimer: Johnny's Hots was my first 'true' Philly cheesesteak experience as an out-of-towner... came across it online since it got 2006 Philly Best Cheesesteak award so thought it was a good place to start. Yeah I get that tourists and locals have different preferences when it comes to food (especially local specialty foods like cheesesteak) so I won't claim to know what's good and what's not.Weekday around 1pm, drove up to this corner concrete building and it felt more of like a super small drive-in without the actual "drive-thru".  The private lot can hold about 4 cars, otherwise it's street parking. Benches line the side of the building & unappealing concrete wall, or you'll have to perch yourself on the numerous SRO counters.For $6 straight, got the cheesesteak with everything on it.  The meat was decent, but didn't realize it had so much ketchup/mayo and jalapeno.  The sauces from the footlong dripped everywhere as I took each bite. Took maybe two minutes from time of order so service was ok.While eating, a steady number of locals seem to come and go... so it definitely appeals to many ppl. It's too bad half my friends who had the same order ended up with upset stomachs later that night... I was fine though.Food: 3/5Decor: 2/5Service: 3/5Value: 4.5/5
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2007,5/23/2007,9,14,,4,2>I am truly astonished that someone has not written a review of Tavern. Yet another hot night spot that seems to appear a midst residential homes, I have never had a better margarita (I lie because Lolita has the best margaritas.) If you do not have time to grab a fifth of tequila before the liquor stores close, Tavern surely wins on convenience. To ensure the best, please request that Sonny who works the first floor main bar mixes the drink.  Afterwards, you can either join singing along to show tunes downstairs as live piano acts perform or (usually and especially on weekends) wait in line to dance to underplayed Madonna upstairs. I believe that a restaurant exists downstairs, however, have never tasted or heard about the quality of the food. Dress to impress because this crowd knows and cares about appearances and fashion.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2007,5/22/2007,9,9,2,4,>The food is great and fairly authentic (for Philly), but the service is horrible.  I have yet to be served there by someone capable of cracking a smile.  And if you get thirsty while eating--and who doesn't--be prepared to suffer.  Drink refills are hard to come by.  Considering how small the establishment is (there are maybe a total of ten two-seater tables in the place, if that), the servers seem blind to the needs of their customers.  Trying to flag one down is usually a fruitless endeavor.  The no-credit-cards rule is also a bit of a pain; I don't particularly enjoy wandering around Philly with a wad of cash.That said, the food is pretty darn good.  My husband and I both grew up in El Paso, Texas, so we're a bit picky when it comes to Mexican food.   My husband was thrilled to find green enchiladas on the menu, and I really dig their turkey flautas.  However, since the turkey flautas are listed as an appetizer, they're rather small and only come two to a plate.  So I typically ask for a double-order, and this tends to cause some confusion.  I've received two separate plates several times (instead of just getting a single plate with four flautas on it), which can cause a problem since the dining tables are so tiny.  I'm not sure why the concept of piling all four flautas on one plate is such a difficult one to grasp, but it apparently is.So, if you desire good Mexican food coupled with crappy service, this is the place for you.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/21/2007,23,29,1,4,4>When I moved to Philadelphia in September, it had already been way too long since my last haircut.  I, however, tend to be picky about stylists and have been known to stop and haircut in its tracks and redirect it entirely.  I'm not an evil customer, I swear.  I just know what I want my head to look like, and what I don't want at all.Knowing this, I was worried about going to a salon about which I'd heard virtually nothing.  My worries were completely eased the moment I walked through the door of Juju salon.I was greeted by a friendly staff, a sweet scent in the air, and a lovely cup of tea.  There was no wait before I was taken care of.  Julie, the salon's owner, is wonderful and one of the easiest people to talk to that I've ever met.  I was barely in her chair for 5 minutes before I felt like I had known her my entire life.My hair has come out beautifully every visit, and Julie was able to cut my bangs in the way I wanted perfectly, something of which no other stylist was quite capable.The products they use in the salon are organic, and they sell numerous lines of organic products also.  Plus, their services are all priced reasonably, with my average haircut costing $40-45 before tip.Juju is small and cozy, and beautifully decorated with a touch of bohemian flair.  It's a wonderful atmosphere in which to spend an hour having your hair done.  I never want to go anywhere else for a haircut again.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/20/2007,90,588,1,6,2>An actual hardware store that is not Tru or Ace or Depot'd or anything. They have *people* instead of associates. These people actually know things.You can tell them what you need to do and they'll *help* you. Heck, they even let my dad take something home and said that if it didn't fit he could just bring it back.Having Schwerings in the neighborhood is  a little like having a celocamph in your pool.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,5/19/2007,6,152,,5,4>This is a very interesting place. The restaurant is a giant, 4 masted sail boat docked on the side of the Delaware. The boat was built in 1902 and has had a long and crazy history. For instance, the US government confiscated it during WWI. Then the German government confiscated it during WWII.It's an upscale restaurant with upscale pricing, but the food is great. I had pork tenderloin. It was fabulous. Really tender, very juicy, very tasty. It came with some sort of pumpkin or squash puree that was great too.My colleagues had fish (salmon and trout). They all raved about it. They also had desserts, which looked great. Again, they thought the desserts were fantastic.I didn't see the bill, but I'm sure it was very high. Plan to spend a lot.The service was excellent, the ambiance is great. Beware of the floor. It tilts. All the seating is on one side of the boat, so the floor tilts towards that side. The boat doesn't move, but the tilt is slightly disorienting.This place also has an outdoor bar/club. It was closed when we were there.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,2/1/2013,400,308,3,11,4>Does it need to be said (again) that this place is the best lunch deal in town for a burger that will knock your socks off?  I think it does. At $10.95, cheaper than Good Dog and Pub & Kitchen (two places who serve up a mighty fine burger), with refined service that surpasses both and an interior that is elegant - B&S is a solid clear winner for a solid burger.  Delicious brioche, pickle, tomato and Russian dressing with white cheddar and fried onions = Yum. Another vital fact  about B&S is that the temperatures are always EXACTLY on point.  Knowing the difference between Medium Rare, Medium and Medium Well is important, knowing how to execute said temperature even more so.  B&S knows and executes.  Flawless service all around.  Never had to wait or ask for a refill, kitchen works extremely well, front of the house and back are a well-operating machine.Great business lunch or just general lunch destination without a doubt.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,1/31/2013,308,271,7,10,10>I had very high hopes when I rolled in here with a crew of ladies to celebrate my belated birthday. I was looking forward to some hot delicious Korean food and then a nice 2-hour digestive period while we watched Les Mis at the movies nearby. Nobody left disappointed!The morning of, I called in to reserve a table for 4 at 6pm, no issues. When we arrived the place was PACKED, but we were seated promptly. Get a reservation!The menu is extensive and very affordable. We got 3 apps to share: jap chae noodles (couldn't stop eating these), pork and chive dumplings, and honey soy BBQ wings. Everything was fantastic, as well as all of the yummy salad noshes they give you. Love those spicy cucumbers.For mains, two of us opted for the spicy pork bulgogi dolsot bibimbap style (includes all the yummy veggies), one person got a combo tray, and one got a hot pot. It was silent at the table when the food arrived, which is always a good sign. I inhaled that hot, crunchy, spicy, delightful bowl of goodies in about 15 minutes flat. Even though it was burning my mouth because it was still sizzling.The whole meal only ran $22/person after tax, which is a real steal! We were in and out in perfect timing to get to the movie (about 1 1/2 hours). Service is a bit slow because there are only 3 ladies working the whole room, but they manage. Get aggressive (politely) when you want more water or they will ignore you.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,1/30/2013,393,710,6,14,10>You have to love a place that can put 3 awesome tacos on a plate for 6 bucks.  Personally, there is a special spot in my heart for these kinds of establishments.The ambiance here pretty much defines casual.  You walk in, grab a menu yourself, order from the window and sit down while your food is prepared.  The chips and salsa come out and the salsa verde has both flavor and a kick.  It's a little addictive.I grab the al pastor, chorizo and beef.  You simply can't find stuff this good in most other places.  Squeeze of fresh lime and I am in Mexican street food heaven.You leave, with part of your meal saved for breakfast the next day (everyone has tacos for breakfast right?) and your wallet is only slightly lighter.  Sounds like a win win to me.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/29/2013,4498,831,5,17,5>The lovely wife and I stopped in for a late breakfast on Saturday and were duly impressed. At 11am we were seated immediately but just barely as the place was jumping. We were at a two-top which is the most common here. There are also a few four-tops and a small bar. Our smiling efficient waitress brought us menus and was quick to bring us jumbo cups of good coffee. We sipped and perused the menu. I'm an omelet guy so I focused on my choices which were decent. A platter with three fillings, home fries and toast goes for $8. I went with cheddar, sausage and spinach. I was asked if I wanted peppers and onions in my home fries. I did and it was nice to be asked. I wanted wheat toast but was told multi-grain was the closest choice. That was a little surprising but OK. The lovely wife decided on Kettle Rancheros for $10. Replace Kettle with Huevos and you get the idea. This version comes with braised beef. Our food arrived quickly and was plated beautifully. Appearance is important and these plates were impressive especially for Havertown. The wife's Rancheros could have been on a magazine cover. We both agreed that the food was 3.5-4 stars. The over experience was 4 stars. As a Havertownian I'm delighted that these folks are in town!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/28/2013,467,310,3,6,4>Obviously this deli has been around for awhile... It just has an old feel (in a good way). You walk in and there's no confusion as to what they serve here. A few chips and soda refrigerators on the side, but all of the good stuff is behind the counter. I've been here a few times now and haven't had a disappointing lunch here. The specialties have been posted on the wall behind the counter and a menu is to the left of them. Any of their hoagies with a side of long hots is a decent break for lunch.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/27/2013,212,439,2,6,4>I came here with a friend on Monday because we were desperately craving snow crab legs (okay, maybe it was just me craving..).  Craft and Claw has their all you can eat snow crab legs and fries on Mondays for $25.  I thought it would be a mad house of people or the quality would be lackluster but I was pleasantly surprised.  I made reservations just in case and they were pretty accommodating since we ran a bit late.We were seated with no wait and quickly served.  We both got the AYCE special.  They started us off with some Parmesan cornbread-ish like thing with a crab spread.  Pretty tasty.  I got the plain crab legs and my friend got the Baltimore style.  They came out pretty quickly, along with a basket of crab fries (basically old bay style).  The plate had about 3 clusters (like 12 legs and claws).  My friend thought the Baltimore style was too salty and a big mess.  I was happy with my plain with butter.Service was super awesome!  Even while we were still working on the current platter, the server came around to ask if we wanted to put in the next order; there was never any wait time.  They also came around with hot towels too.I had a great time and would definitely come back again!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,1/25/2013,98,388,,7,4>Dinner here was amazing, very much worth the trip from Philadelphia.  In the main dining room, they have a 4 or 6 course menu option, with or without wine pairings.  We opted for the 4 courses.First is a choice of cold appetizers.  Backing up a bit, I was impressed that there were so many selections for each of the courses.  For the cold course, I finally decided on the red snapper crudo in a parsley pesto sauce with lemon and other flavors in the mix.  It was delicious, as was my husband's choice of the curried crab salad.  I almost wish  I had ordered his, since we eat sashimi fairly often but the curried crab was a bit more unique.For second course, there was a choice of warm appetizers.  I ordered the  pork belly and scallop with udon noodles.  The seared scallop and the salty tender pork were amazing.For entree, I had the halibut with garganelli in a vegetable coulis.  Delicious, and presentation was also beautiful.  I really enjoyed the mix of flavors on the plate, and while this falls under "fancy restaurant with smaller portions on big plates" we were all more than full when we finished our last course.  I don't think I could have handled the full 6 course option.  Final course was dessert - this was a dense chocolate brownie (although "brownie" really doesn't do it justice) with a chocolate espresso mousse layer on top.  Also really tasty, especially with so many flavors mixed on the plate with the complimenting creams, sauce, and chocolatey wafer thing.Service is impeccable.  The dining room is classic and classy in decoration - the plush velvety dinner chairs are perfect for lingering between courses.  Highly recommended for a special occasion meal.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,1/24/2013,134,241,2,5,6>We sat at the bar and were pleasantly surprised by no TV.  Not that I don't love a few big screens for a game or general attention grabbing, but sometimes you really just want to "be" with someone and not be distracted by Al Michaels.  I knew that such a thing existed, but it had been some time since I had last stumbled upon one.  Very decent wine selection, as well as a few good choices for tap and bottle.  I also spied a few cocktails on the menu, but it is a wine bar, so I did as the Romans do.  I spent my time mostly in the whites, and saw a few unique glasses.  Overall I like how the wine menu is designed and the amount of information given on each offering.  Let's not forget the food ... they offer up an array of small plates and some entrees, and the food we saw come out of the kitchen looked pretty amazing.  But I can only (heartily) recommend the desserts, since that is what we were here for.  Nothing crazy hipster here; just some simply prepared, old fashioned offerings like creme brulee, shortcake, etc.  We chose to split a chocolate pot de creme, and it was just the right finish for the night.  What I like most about Vintage is the atmosphere, which offers up a chance to just slip away from reality for a few minutes.  These places are hard to find.  I see Vintage as a mighty fine way to end a date ... order up one or two of the decadent desserts on the chalkboard, a couple of glasses of the grape, and settle in for a little romance.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,1/23/2013,130,211,4,8,7>I'm super lazy and never made the trek down to the original location. I have been fortunate enough to have been able to sample some of their donuts, though. So when I heard that a Center City location was opening (literally around the corner from my work), a couple of co-workers and I planned our first outing for the day it opened. It was like we were kids on Christmas morning. Though it was rainy, we gathered our umbrellas and made the (extremely short) trek to Federal Donuts on opening day. No line! We were shocked (and delighted). Has no one heard about this location opening yet?The staff were super friendly even though we sort of didn't know what we were doing or ordering since we were so excited that we were even there (is it okay for grownups to get this excited about donuts?). We both got two (swearing we wouldn't eat both all at once). I got the mint chocolate (that was a bit much to eat the whole thing, but half did the trick and tasted like a donut version of an Andes mint) and the spicy PB&J (a flavor that sounds disgusting but I swear it was amazing). My friend got the green tea something or other that I wasn't a fan of, but that's just taste. And THEY TAKE CARDS. In this day and age there is no reason a place should remain cash only and I have literally decided not to go places because they wouldn't accept cards. Looks like there's really no reason not to gorge myself on donuts, then!Next time I'll try the chicken! Love this place!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2012,1/22/2013,2055,3369,3,7,5>For 3 years this was our go-to ice rink (the only game in town, really) but now that we live in the 'burb's we go to the one out in Aston which is bigger, cleaner and nicer (and offers a full service bar/snackbar).Meanwhile, this rink is a much needed outlet for kids who want to learn to ice skate in Philly. They offer lessons and also hockey.My (then 5-7, now 8) kid loved going here.So glad we took her to the public skating sessions.A good birthday party option as well.It's cold inside - bring a jacket!!!
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,7/29/2012,17,129,16,11,9>Five of the five best meals I've ever eaten have been at House of Thai. I have never gotten a dish there that was anything short of mind-blowingly orgasmic and toe-curlingly revelatory of a gastronomic experience. I go to work every day just so I can afford to eat at House of Thai as frequently as I do. If it were on the menu, I would order a tub of yellow curry fried rice and just roll around in it naked. With my mouth open. While the waiter poured peanut sauce all over me.Speaking of which, the service is impeccable. It's always the same waiter, who knows how to open a bottle of wine gracefully and seems truly grateful that we bother to eat there and, whenever we tell him how awesome the food is, simply murmurs something charmingly dismissive and bashful, such as, "You are too kind," or "Oh! Thank you... so much!" I want to take him home and adopt him.This restaurant would be worth driving to the Northeast even if to you, "Northeast" means not just "anything north of Lehigh Ave," but "anything north of the state of Maryland." You think you have a favorite Thai place already? Tucked away somewhere downtown, perhaps? BULLSHIT. So did I.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/28/2012,42,84,6,6,5>This relatively young establishment (they just celebrated their one-year) is simply ADORBS! Not only is its décor the epitome of nursery chic, it also has scheduled story times (target age: 4-7, sorry folks) and features artwork on the walls (usually children's drawings - SO precious). I'm not usually one for analogies, ones that make fictional references no less, but I can't resist:Cake & the Beanstalk : Starbucks :: Shop Around the Corner : Fox BooksAs a concept this place is cozy and heartwarming, but its goods deliver too. I've had a cappuccino and an Americano here, both A-grade, but their iced coconut latté blows it out of the water!!! It's like drinking coffee ice cream. (In a good way, in case that wasn't clear...) And did I mention that they use homemade coconut syrup as a sweetener? They had me at "homemade."Even as I phase out of student life, I still appreciate as a principle that they offer student discounts. And its floor plan is brilliant. The wall separating the seating area from the coffee bar means you can study and sip in peace, rather than next to a blender. My favorite part about Cake & the Beanstalk, though, might be the sign indicating their internet policy: "Free Wi Fi Fo Fum." That kind of wordplay gets me every time.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,7/27/2012,92,189,23,18,20>ODE TO A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE DOUGH CUPCAKEI'm a cookie dough addict, straight up. Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream is a staple in my diet. That said, just as I was about to go on lunch break today, Sweetbox uploaded this picture of the most beautiful black, white, and tan thing I've ever laid eyes on. instagr.am/p/Lfz_jBmbsd Without even reading the description, I bolted to Love Park.Fast forward 20 minutes, and I'm back at work, patiently (NOT AT ALL) eating my sandwich while gazing at the beauteous cupcake (because I'm a lady, and ladies wolf down our main courses before digging into dessert.) I begin by separating the top from the bottom, as is my custom. I take a tentative taste of the icing--vanilla. I then try the cake--also vanilla. I start to feel a little cheated--is this just a vanilla/vanilla cupcake with some chocolate chips thrown on top and a cute little cookie garnish? A little disappointed, I finish up the bottom part and move on to the top. Then, I note something under the top. It's mushy, tan, with black chips...OMG FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT GOOD AND CHOCOLATEY--THERE'S A BIG GLOB OF COOKIE DOUGH WEDGED IN THE CUPCAKE.I don't understand how it's possible. Wouldn't it bake in the oven? DOES THIS NOT VIOLATE ONE OR ALL OF EINSTEIN'S THEORIES?!?! Oh, who cares, because the fact is there is gooey cookie dough, of the same ilk as that which you dipped your fingers into when your mother wasn't watching and hoped to whatever holy baking entity you worship that you didn't get salmonella from. Not the fake stuff that you find in chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (though as mentioned previously, that doesn't stop me from eating it.) No, this is REAL COOKIE DOUGH. IN A CUPCAKE.MIND = BLOWN.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,7/26/2012,195,334,3,16,8>Tried it for the first time on a Saturday and was promptly back there two more times over the next five days. And I don't even live in the city!I am so excited that there is an establishment in Philly that is a cross between In-N-Out and Bobby's Burger Palace for Vegans! But you really do not have to be Vegan to love the food.Here's what I have tried so far:Udon Noodle Salad: Classic tasty Asian salad with Vegan chicken. Really nice taste if a bit overdressed.Curry Tofu Wrap: I had this for lunch the day after I bought it. Still was delicious. I'm surprised there was such a great Indian taste on this menu. Ziggy Burger: Get this! And order extra special sauce. My new favorite burger!Crispy HipCity Ranch: Good Italian "chicken" sandwich. Not as awesome as the Ziggy.Sweet Potato Fries with cilantro black bean dip: my new favorite Philly fries. Sorry European Republic! Still love you but this great dip is Vegan!My wife and I have also had the chocolate chip cookies which are quite good.One negative: they have no customer bathroom. According to the very friendly people at the counter it is because they are not zoned for one.Philly's Veg/Vegan scene was struggling compared to New York's. Thank goodness HipCity Veg opened to help close the gap.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,7/25/2012,425,275,9,12,9>I would be hard pressed to plan a place like this. I love that there is a concert venue in this part of the city as It's easy to park along Spring Garden for free. I came specifically for the Rob Delaney comedy show. It was fantastic and UT was almost the perfect venue for a show like this. I say almost because the folding chairs, while comfortable for a folding chair, were a little uncomfortable after an hour or so of sitting. I'll admit that as much as I loved the show, I was ready for it to be over when it was because my butt and back hurt. I liked the "no assigned seats" aspect in principle but because I attended alone, I was afraid to get up to get a beverage or snack for fear of losing my great seat, As far as snacks and beverages go, I'd like to try the ice-cream they offer there sometime, it looked good. I'll usually pass on concert booze. It's often a little overpriced and crowded. I suggest hitting the nearby Institute, for a pre and post game beverage when seeing a show here.My minor complaints aside, Union Transfer is a boost to this area of the city, and Philly in general. I'll definitely keep a lookout for upcoming shows I recognize ( which isn't a lot since I'm such an old fart.)
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/24/2012,62,187,,7,4>I had to attend a meeting in East Falls and then a conference call immediately after the meeting so, per my usual, I checked Yelp for the closest cafe. I am not too familiar with East Falls but saw that this place fit the description of what I was looking for and headed over to it. First of all-- on staff friendliness this place deserves 5 stars. The man who was working today was the nicest person I encountered in weeks! He was not only patient with my indecisive ordering but then brought me several samples of their food and drinks to try while I was doing work at a table. I just wished I had some cash on me to tip him (I'll make up for it when I go back).I had the sweet potato curry soup and a spinach and strawberry salad. He took the soup out of the fridge and microwaved it which at first made me worried but it really was delicious. The salad was good too. They don't brew their own coffee but instead have self-serve pots and a keurig machine for you to use. I got the tea.My only real complaint was that the music was really loud for a Tuesday at 3pm. I was the only one in there at the time trying to get work done but it was definitely a bit of a distraction. The food is better than the coffee offering (I sampled the vegan chili and a drink called "green" something?) I would definitely stop back next time I'm in the area to try more of what they have.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,7/23/2012,181,207,6,10,10>This is the first time I have ever experienced Sabrina's, and now I know why! Came here before my friends and I did a scavenger hunt in the city, so we needed to fuel up! I heard this place can have a lengthy wait, but our party arrived at 9:30, and we had no problem in scoring a booth.  The restaurant was almost full to capacity, with the crowd enjoying their brunch.  Major heat wave was in effect, so I wanted to get something healthy but filling.  While perusing over the menu, I ordered some coffee to start. Thank goodness for large cups! The menu had some great items, but I really looked at the brunch specials for something unique.  First off, the names of their specials are very entertaining to read! Very creative! I decided on the Dr. Octagon "First come, first served" omelet which showcased goat cheese, broccoli, and tomato. Cool. It came with potatoes and your choice of white or wheat toast. Food came out pretty fast! It's best to come extremely hungry because the plate is completely covered by your meal. And the plate is super large! (Or at least I thought so!) My omelet was good, especially with hot sauce. It wasn't spectacular, but enough for me to leave stuffed and satisfied.If I'm in this area again, I'd come back. I'm a huge brunch fan, so I'll keep this on my list!
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,7/22/2012,996,928,13,8,5>In my arrogance, I demanded they make my chicken tikka masala super spicy.They blew away my expectations and rendered unto me a brutal spice assault that my colon will not soon forget. If you think other Indian places are too tame, this is the place for you. The onion kulcha is really great.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,7/21/2012,563,317,9,10,8>I'm struggling to write this review because there are separate, diametrically opposed forces waging war in my brain.  On the one hand, I'm a meat and potatoes guy who likes enormous servings of red meat.  Think Fred Flintstone with his car flipping over when the waitress delivers his brontosaurus dinner.  So, let's call this side of my brain "Fred."On the other side we have "Biff", who enjoys artistically prepared dishes with a rainbow of flavor.  Usually, these dishes offer small servings, and such is the case with Sbraga.Diners at Sbraga order from a $45 four course prix fixe menu consisting of an appetizer, a fish course, a meat course, and a dessert.  My choices were the foie gras soup, the lobster tail, the wagyu steak, and a lemon custard.  Everything was knock your socks off great, with an emphasis on subtle spicy flavor.  Also, for $30, I went with the drink pairing, consisting of separate wine or beer or mixed drinks matched to your dish.  The pairings were very complimentary for the unique flavors and I recommend them.Service is impeccable.  So, why is Fred so unhappy?  Well, the serving sizes are very small, with most dishes in the two or three ounce range and the drink pours about two ounces.  If you are like Fred, it would behoove you to get a snack before you arrive and eat all of the delicious garlicky popover.  Biff thought that he easily got what he paid for, both in terms of quality and quantity.So, leave your inner caveman at home, unless of course he enjoys "roast duck with the mango salsa."
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,7/20/2012,491,1393,9,10,7>First of all, the name is awesome and I will be the first to admit to my inherent nerdiness and confess that it was my main motive for coming here.  That aside, the food is pretty good and the ambiance upbeat and bustling during happy hour.  We split the white wine sauteed mussels and fries, and I got the caramelized walnut and dried cranberries chicken Caesar, almost out of curiosity.  The mussels were pretty good but not as good as Monk's or Teresa's, although I did like the hot, crispy fries and the hint of saffron.  My salad was quite interesting as I have never had a Caesar salad with candied nuts and fruit; it was actually pretty tasty but a bit different from your conventional salad.  I requested mine with blackened chicken since I like my chicken slightly charred, and that went very well with the creamy dressing.  To be honest, I think that the nuts and fruit would have been better paired with a piece of blackened salmon rather than the chicken.  Next time.  I also tried some of the vegetarian chili, and that was very good with just the right amount of spice.  While I am not an expert on beers and ales, I did enjoy my La Chouffe, which was nice and fruity.  They have a very large selection of imported beers, so this is a good option if you don't want to travel into the city. Overall, a fun (hey it's in the description) restaurant/bar with decent food and friendly service.  Will be back to try more of the menu.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,8/13/2011,88,127,12,2,3>HOLY CRAP. Are you kidding me? I am so glad my friend recommended this place - it's three blocks from work and OUTRAGEOUSLY good. And cheap!Delicious, amazing falafel. It tastes fresh and cool, the amount of tzatziki is just right (but they do have a squirt bottle available if you prefer more), and if you ask for it spicy, it's the right amount of heat that JUST cuts through it all and pleasantly fires up your mouth.I've only gotten the half orders - kind of difficult to eat because the ingredients aren't as contained, and there's a falafel ball sticking awkwardly out of the half-pita. I didn't know what else to do but hold and bite it separately. The whole orders make much more sense, as it is all encapsulated neatly within a whole pita.Try not to go with a date, because it's impossible to eat this without getting it all over your face. Best to go with friends or someone who has already heard you fart.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,8/12/2011,1014,321,12,21,18>Have the fangbangers discovered Catahoula yet? When word gets around of its down-home Louisiana bites, True Blood soundtrack and stiff drinks, this place could be overrun with wannabe Sookehs and Beehls.It's only because the staff is so charming, and I dread the thought of them closing up and depriving me of my new hushpuppy addiction, that I am even yelping Catahoula.  Formerly the BYOB Sauté, the narrow room has been transformed with flatscreen TVs, a heavy wooden bar running along its length and just a few high-top tables.  A simple, even humble setting for some of the best Cajun food being plated north of  Morehouse Parish. Oysters fried to what only can be described as a fluffy texture were nestled in a nest of shredded lettuce and spicy remoulade; a soft-bite baguette finished off this po' boy worth a thousand shocked yummmmmms. A catfish version was just as nice, and the Phillies game-time special of a half-po' boy "slider" complete with fries for $5 is an amazing deal. The confited quacker leg topping the duck jambalaya ($18) recommended by the staff was absolutely luscious, its rice and sausage bed cooked to an ideal "al dente" bite. My virtuous chopped salad ($10) was generous with the goodies: soft goat cheese clouds, piquant pickled apples, halved cherry tomatoes, fresh corn and an herby viniagrette. Hushpuppies studded with more fresh corn kernels are a requirement of dining here; the truffled tartar sauce that accompanies them possibly the condiment of the Southern gods. A postprandial Sazerac cocktail screamed to be accompanied by something sweet from the dessert chalkboard menu.  We zeroed in on the "white chocolate bread pudding bananas foster"($7) after confirming with our server that it was indeed a single dessert.  Served hot in a gratin dish, this custardy glory was topped with a heap of caramelized bananas in their signature sticky fosters syrup and fresh whipped cream.  Beneath was one of the best bread puddings I have encountered, and I've had my share and yours too.  Based on brioche, this was an almost ethereal texture, especially compared to the dense bready bricks that pass for pudding elsewhere.  White chocolate does not normally hold much appeal for me, but this sugar bomb transcended preference.  It was, like Catahoula, a shockingly singular pleasure.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,8/11/2011,47,31,2,4,3>So Kate must be a mind reader. I came in with awful mixed up, fluffy, odd layered hair that is in the midst of growing out. Told her I needed a trim and some thinning, and walked out with a fantastic looking cut! She gave me exactly what I wanted--lays beautifully, actually has some style, but will be able to continue to grow out as I try to have long hair for the first time in years.And I have to add, I have some of the thickest, coarsest hair with a weird wave that makes most stylists either give me a frankenstein cut or are afraid to do much more than just shorten what is already there.And $20 for a women's cut??? Yes, PLEASE. I will be back in a month!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,8/10/2011,81,125,4,9,7>Driving to the mall, enraged by winter weather and painfully slow motorists, I peeked into Plaza 38 as I crept by. I spotted Pho So 1, ripped my wheel hard to the right and squealed into the lot.The tiny joint, sided by other small restaurants and and insurance agency, had a smell so fab my quick lunch turned to an hour-long retreat. I felt so relaxed by the smell, the fish tank, the fiber-optic chandelier. Pho Tai for me, doused with some sriracha, pepper relish, fish sauce and laced with basil and jalepenos - all this comes on the side, you do as you pho-cking like. (Okay, that was my one-and-only Pho word play). Also, tried the crepe with shrimp and pork, which was more bean sprouts than anything. Dip it in the accompanying sweet vinegar sauce and now we're talking.Lots of regulars came in, alone, and I could see why. I wanted to hover over my bowl of pho and stare into its floating beef-fat eyes. Although the menu is four pages long, all ten of were sipping soup.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,8/9/2011,98,177,15,10,12>I see a blue door and I want my coffee blackNo Starbucks anymore I want my Stumptown blackI see the girls come by to steam and mix the joesI have to drain the cups until my headache goesI see a line of hipsters get'n their coffee blackWith macbooks and their tats, I hope never to come backThe locals turn their heads and scoff in disarrayLike park'n tickets it just happens ev'rydayI look inside myself and see my liver's blackI see the blue door, I must have my coffee blackMaybe then I'll write away and not have to face the crapIt's not easy walking out when you just wanna turn right backNo more lattes made of an inferior brew  The milk is now warm and sugar is out on queueIf I wish hard enough before the setting sunMy barista will delivery, and now I'm on the run I see Bodhi's door and I want my coffee blackLa Columbe is no more I want my Stumptown blackI see the girls finish a cold brewed fresh latteSuch a perfect mix you just have made my day Hmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmmHmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmmI want to see it brewed black, java blackBlack as night, black as coalI wanna a fresh cup, and I want it fastI wanna see it brewed, brewed, brewed, brewed blackF' YeahHmm hmm hmm hmm hm hmmm hmm hmm hmm hmmh hm hmmmmmm
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,8/8/2011,400,308,4,15,14>Swooooon.  This place transports you to another era.Once you enter the dark expansive interior with mason lit jars suspended above your head, the sound of an upright piano playing Irving Berlin and Gershwin envelops you.The atmosphere is so contagious that you want to join the staff and bob your hair, throw on a Cloche hat and start doing the Charleston.The place would drive a prohibitionist simply mad as it is ripe for the drinking.  Beer options galore, insane selection of beers on tap, even more so by the bottle - and the cocktails? A swell selection indeed with pitch-perfect execution.  The food options tantalize, and though I haven't wandered beyond the charcuterie, the menu looks promising.For now, this swanky speakeasy really has it all: the service is the bees' knees (they know their stuff - and are quick to recommend), the ambiance is the cat's meow (every detail and design concept is perfect), and the live tunes (courtesy of Dapper Drew Nugent - who seems as though he has truly sprung out of the 1920's, three-piece suit, carbon-microphone and all) really create a place fit for elegant boozing.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,8/7/2011,82,189,7,8,7>"Neither rain nor snow nor dog tongue ..."Mazag's rosemary sugar cookie is reason enough to change your entire day's trajectory. Plunk down seventy-five cents to lavish the insides of your mouth with their thunderously orgasmic, nipple pincher of a biscuit. This, from someone who absolutely dislikes sugar cookies.Mazag's iced coffee is spectacular, and I'm rigid in my evaluation of said beverage.The omelette I chose was a cute, flat square served buttery, packed with scrummy salty green olives, and accompanied by a hillock of pita triangles. (I asked for olive, and she said Green or Black? How could you not love this?)On my recent visit, the service and food were so wonderful, I *almost* managed to forget the two different times people walked in their dogs, both times the dogs lunged between my thighs like I'm packing a T-bone, then proceeded to paint down the insides of the thighs of my jeans with their thick, grody tongues. And both times these dog owners didn't so much as acknowledge the event. I would have thought my soprano shrieks and torrent of expletives would have put them on at least moderate alert.Those customers are pigs. Mazag, however, is wonderful, and I urge you to try it.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,8/6/2011,96,186,13,17,9>Here's how I can tell I'm an adult. I'm getting married next year and I have paid to have my crotch waxed. Deal with those facts! Going to go ahead and cross both of these monstrously epic events off my bucket list.This review is going to cross into potential TMI territory, so proceed with caution. A few weeks ago, I decided that the time to take advantage of the $15 Brazilian wax training special you see featured at the top of this page was now (then), so I called and made an appointment. That appointment was yesterday. $15 for an $80 service is a luxury and a steal. As a previous reviewer noted, when you're spreading your legs for a hair removal service, the addition of an extra party in the room really makes no difference. Not to me, at least. If you have extra time to spare (since it, obviously, takes longer than a regular session would), and aren't self conscious, I HIGHLY recommend taking advantage of this special.Cara, who personally led the training session (a Yelp Owner comment regular - bonus points for giving this page attention!), knows what she's doing and is a total pro - asks the right question, applies the right pressure, and gets the job done quick. She knows exactly what she's doing. There is no awkwardness in any position here, it is a very clinical procedure and the main goal is aesthetic satisfaction. Yay.  The $15 training session is just that - Cara training new-to-Body-Restoration staffers on the use of the hard blue wax they use (not found in many other spas or waxing locations), so if you're looking for small talk, look elsewhere. In lieu of chit chat, I learned a lot about the product they use and the waxing process, which I kind of enjoyed. I plan on returning for some maintenence when the time comes. The process is painful (but the painful sensation only lasts for a split second - so can you really complain?), but they strive to make sure you're satisfied with what you end up with and try to get it over with quickly. Bravo! Five stars!
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,8/5/2011,828,1172,4,12,9>If you're looking for an event hall that delivers upon being almost exactly what you aim to make of it in Philadelphia, Then RUBA Hall might just become your salvation. But on top of that its also one of those you never really know what you're going to get kind of places until you actually set out to find out.In my experience with RUBA hall I've known it as the place for the perfect potluck (which would have been even better if more of the people who said they were going to show up with food actually did. Just saying!), a concert hall that featured 3-4 awesome acts, a place that housed the ultimate karaoke party, and a spot known for its cabarets (that I still need to make it down too!). When it comes down to it RUBA is a place that is generally open to letting its members paint a blank canvas for its events. And since it predominately likes to center itself on the performing arts that can be a very beautiful thing!Another awesome thing is how little it can cost to get such a coveted membership and throw an event. The membership rate for such a cool event hall and after hours club is $20 a year. And putting on events goes for around $300 which is practically nothing if you can pull off something fun and exciting. So when it comes down to it RUBA is solid gold!
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,8/4/2011,1135,197,3,9,8>Olives is Philadelphia's New Hidden Secret Gem!It's only a matter of time before the wait time is 2 hours & table reservations are booked full at this charming & cozy Philadelphia spot.Perfect for so many occasions...- Dinner with Family- Romantic First Date or Date Night with your Husband- Bottles of BYOB wine with your GirlfriendsOr a Special Group Birthday Dinner for your Fiance's 30th (Ahem)! The vibrant, energetic and friendly Owner/Host/Chef Christine goes above and beyond at her Restaurant. You feel and appreciate the pride and joy she puts into Olive on 3rd.This mother & daughter team are going to kick Philly's Ass in a good way and bring back some warm comfort, respect and fun back into Philadelphia's Restaurant Scene!Suggestions:- White Fish Empanada's- Cheese & Olive Plate- Crusted Roast Pork Tenderlion- Strip Steak- Striped BassOf course you MUST save room for dessert (DUH).Christine makes a killer mean Homemade Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake. (Start collecting your drool now.. haha)Thanks for making my Fiance's Birthday Dinner a hit. We shall return.. again and again and again. ;-)
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,9/12/2010,70,139,5,8,6>We stopped by 10 Arts Lounge on our way home from an orchestra concert several weeks ago.  We were in the mood for a swanky cocktail with some equally swanky atmosphere.  We snagged a high-top by the bar, and were greeted by a friendly cocktail waitress.  I decided to swanktify the whole way, so naturally I went with a Cosmo, and the fiance got a Gin and Tonic.  Both drinks were delicious, and since we were in the mood for a snack, we ordered the Philly Pretzels and the Mediterannean Plate.  Both were good and hit the spot.  The pretzels were served as nuggets with two types of mustard and a melted cheese.  Of course, being that 10 Arts Lounge is located in the Ritz-Carlton, everything was on the pricey side, but we had an enjoyable evening.  The atmosphere is dark and sexy, and the crowd is equally so.  And hey, if you indulge in a few too many drinks, it's just a short elevator ride to a fabulous room.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,9/11/2010,40,38,139,143,135>Dear Lord, I love this place. If I had a ton of money (and the body of a model), best believe I'd be like "oh, my whole wardrobe is from sugarcube--this great boutique in olde city filled with helpful people and interesting things." One piece at a time, I guess.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,9/10/2010,46,28,9,6,6>Yesterday I sat outside at the Tap Room and felt like I was in a Harmony Korine film.  A terrifying family of fat children sat next to us with a woman whose skin appeared to be falling off.  The woman, who was wearing a clear plastic bra under her sun dress, kept waxing nostalgic about the plantain nachos the Tap Room used to serve.  "They were so different, but they took them off the menu and I'll never know why."All the while, what seemed like the entire management team was outside trying to decide where the new bike racks would go.  Said racks looked like they were made by Catherine O'Hara in Beetlejuice.There was also a mini traffic jam which caused an old asian man wearing blue matching clogs and knee wraps to jump out of his van to scream and yell.Amidst this surreal south philly scene, I sat in a drunken daze and thoroughly enjoyed the perfectly salted and crunchy southern fried chicken wings with collards and a classic chopped salad.  I washed it down with a Founders Pale Ale and Lancaster Cream Ale.  Delicious.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,9/9/2010,250,550,37,17,13>Christopher R's Guide To Eating In Philadelphia On Only $4 A DayDay 1: Buy a small jerk chicken platter with greens, rice & beans and a side of corn bread from Denise's Soul Food.  ($7.75)  Even though the food is amazing, you will only be able to eat half.Day 2: Eat the remainder of the jerk chicken platter.  ($0.00) It will still be delicious.  You now have 25 cents left.  Attempt to buy a pack of gum before being informed that gum has not cost that much for several years.  The store employee will laugh at you and confiscate your money as consequence for your ignorance.  ($0.25)
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2010,9/8/2010,286,176,19,23,21>to paraphrase one of our recently fallen yelpers: holy jesus h. christ in the form of a pig on a spit, i ate at sweet lucy's!!don't get too excited now...after 20 years of not eating meat i certainly did not partake in any pig - or cow, chicken or fish for that matter. but still. give a girl some credit for entering a meat-lover's mecca, ordering food and living to yelp about it.when my curious friends inquired as to what i could possibly be getting to eat, i merely pointed to the giant menu of sides, of which only *one* was designated not blake-friendly by the 'contains pork' check mark. thanks, sweet lucy's for saving me the trouble of having to ask :)actually, when placing my order for baked mac & cheese, collard greens, tomato & cucumber salad and cornbread, i did inquire about the meat content (a veg can never be too sure) to which i was informed that the collard greens, while pork-free, was in fact made with chicken stock. word to the wise for all you veg-heads for whom that matters! personally, i'm ok with the stock, just don't wanna chew on any fleshy bits, so the collards stayed on....and good thing because damn, they were good! i have been deprived of these southern style greens for far too long because of the fact that they are typically made with pork. i'd order these again in a heartbeat - same with the mac & cheese and cornbread. the cuke salad was refreshing, but just ok. and quite frankly, i over-ordered as it was, so while i could sub that out for, say, garlic or sweet potato mashed on a future visit, there's really no need.it's worth noting that i did encounter a couple shreds of mystery animal in my beloved mac & cheese, which i attributed to a double dipped spoon or similar unintentional act. after placing said shreds on the side of my styrofoam plate (perched atop the wobbly wooden table) i went about eating. again, i realize not all vegetarians are as forgiving as i am, so those who are more strict when it comes to such things may opt to pass on dining at sweet lucy's altogether. me? while i'm not rushing back to the great northeast...if friends were to invite me along again, i would most assuredly join them.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,9/7/2010,350,249,9,14,13>Haters gon' hate.First of all, I'll be completely honest here. I've been avoiding writing a review for a very long time even though I'm a huge fan of this place. Why? Because of all the haters. With PYT, there seems to be a distinct line drawn between most people who've been here: people only love it or hate it. Now, I figure -- haters can just hate it.There are those that just can't get over what they consider terrible or lousy service. That's fine. They had bad experiences. But guess what? The place has distinctly gotten better over time. Also, another thing that helps me get over the idea of bad service -- servers can be replaced.What can't be replaced though is the awesomeness and creativity I've seen time and again from Tommy. Every single damned thing on the menu is just phenomenally genius.I don't even like mushrooms but what ultimately led me to write this review was the Shroom Burger. I was just taking a look at the menu as I'd invited a vegetarian friend to join me there, and the concept of two portabella mushroom sandwiching cheese, and then the whole thing is beer-battered and deep fried and put on a potato roll? HELLO? That concept is worthy of four stars alone.People like to cry and moan that the damned standard PYT burgers don't come with fries. I can somehow wake up in the morning and get over the fact. Though, to be honest - I'd prefer it fries with my burger but I'm not going to moan about it.All the food here? Absolutely delicious.Burger of the Week? Best idea Tommy's come up with since opening the place. I've had the Thanksgiving Turkey Burger, the Blue Cheese Burger, the Tijuana Burger, the Mac 'n Cheese Burger (my fave so far) and tomorrow I'm headed there with a few folks to try out the Cheesesteak Burger on a friggin PRETZEL ROLL.Genius, pure genius.So, really this place gets the full five stars on its phenomenal food alone. And honestly, I don't care what anyone has to say about Tommy or PYT's service. If you legitimately voice your complaints calmly and maturely, they will be dealt with in appropriate manner if your experience left more to be desired. That's just the truth. My experiences with the service have maybe one or two times where they kinda sucked out of roughly 30 visits.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,9/5/2010,124,147,3,8,6>For what it is, the Barbary is the best game in town. It provides themed electronic dance parties 6 nights a week. The music is accessible, but not completely vanilla-fied. The Subdivision (dubstep, deep bass) parties are the most under-recognized since they usually fall on a Tuesday, which is a quiet night. I avoid the pop dance nights, but I imagine they are perfectly fine. The Barbary is dirt cheap with free early admission and open bar on weekends. Cover rarely is greater than $5. It can get very crowded, but somehow people manage to dance crazy and get sweaty. I have never seen a line to get in, but then again, I usually get there on the early side. Also, it's friendly. I have met many people there- often I'll dance with strangers and we'll make introductions afterward. What I love about the Barbary is that it is completely about dancing. There is space in the back to hang out and regroup, but dancing is front and center all of the time. This is not a place to have a deep meaningful conversation. I can't think of a single complaint. Even the bathrooms are adequate and I never have to wait in a long line.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,9/4/2010,190,62,4,7,5>There are three types of Mexican restaurants: fake Tex-Mex chains with "southwestern burgers", mom & pop spots with simple but flavorful dishes, and El Rey which sits somewhere between mom & pop and innovative tapas. I really like what Stephen Starr has done with the former Midtown IV spot; retaining the diner layout but kitsching it up (in Starr fashion) with random smatterings of Mexico, Elvis, and abstract nudes, giving it a roadside Mexican restaurant feel with a friendly, knowledgeable staff dressed in plaid.Everything I've tasted here is really good, and I've tried a lot from the menu. As for appetizers, the Nopales (a salad of cactus, avocado, toasted pumpkin seeds, etc.) is amazingly refreshing, the Sopa de Hongos (wild mushroom soup) is well done with a chicken broth base as opposed to cream, and the guacamole, although not the most flavorful or unique I've ever had, does not disappoint. For the main courses, the Los Moles (chicken, lamb, and pork, each in their own sauce) stands out, especially the chicken, which had a sauce reminiscent of curry/Indian flavors, and the almost chocolaty sauce that bathed the lamb. The chilaquiles with fried eggs on top, the gorditas, and the zucchini quesadillas are all delicious, but again, portions might not be what you expect. Only the Los Moles from what I mentioned can serve as a sufficient entree.  I don't generally like margaritas as I find them cloyingly sweet and a one-way ticket to Hangoverville, but the margaritas at El Rey are smaller and less sweet, with great flavors like tamarind, guava, and mango. The traditional margarita, however, is my favorite, and tastes like you get a little more bang for your buck (aka more tequila), though this could be my imagination. Note that I compared El Rey's menu to tapas. The portions are small, so you will want to order a few plates for the table. Only a few of the "Especialidades" items on the menu are enough of a meal for one, the rest, such as the quesadillas, might not be as much food as you're expecting or used to at other places. If you go in knowing this, you won't be disappointed, as the most common complaint I've heard is that El Rey is expensive or the portion sizes are too small. El Rey does some things differently, but I think the risks they take here work. The flavors are rich and sometimes have a flair of the unexpected, and each dish has something unique to offer, so again, I recommend ordering a bunch of plates for the table, even if it's just for two. The servers are helpful in explaining the portion sizes and making personal recommendations, take advantage of them and their advice, you'll be happy you did. Oh, and try the outstanding habanero sauce from the kitchen, but don't say I didn't warn you!
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,9/3/2010,41,110,3,6,6>Young Tweed, you are only 4 weeks old, yet your have proven yourself to be tasty, with room to grow.  Your local menu (all ingredients come from within 150 miles) and swank ambiance might just allow you to remain a lasting establishment in a location that is known as a restaurant graveyard.I went here with a group of girls.  The grey banquettes were lovely, and would be perfect for a romantic meal.  The jazz was a nice touch, if not a bit sleepy for a slow Tuesday night.  I was delighted to discover that the water was infused with cucumber; SO refreshing and much appreciated at this time of year.  I guzzled down four glasses by the end of the meal, and found it to be a modern, thoughtful touch.We started with the cheesesteak fritters with sweet onion and tomato marmalade.  They were nice (it's hard to mess up fried meat and cheese), although not particularly noteworthy.   Next time I'm going for a salad.For dinner I had the roasted chicken with spring vegetables and a mustard carrot sauce.  The skin was notably crispy, and I loved the sauce - it incorporated the kind of horseradish-y mustard that clears your sinuses.  I'm into that.  The spring vegetables (carrots, onions)  were great as well, but I wanted more of them!  I thoroughly enjoyed my dish - portion and price were on target.  It's not the roasted chicken at Zinc (although, what is? see Zinc review), but it's damn good.I also got to try one of the sides, mac 'n cheese.  This is the ultimate comfort food in my book, and I pretty much love every version I taste.  Tweed's was yummy for sure, although I wouldn't go running back for it alone.  As for the duckburger vs. the lamburger, I was informed that lamb was the winner.I think that Tweed would be a great place to go for Center City Sips (off the beaten Rittenhouse path), and stay for dinner after.  Looking forward to putting this plan into action.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,9/2/2010,76,192,3,8,7>I love how the ladies behind the counter recognize me and start making the hot tea and bring out the rice porridge from the back. Perhaps I go here too often...but it's hard not to when you can stuff yourself with breakfast (curry buns, char sui buns--steamed and baked, bacon & onion buns, rice porridge with pork and egg, taro buns, pineapple buns, coconut buns) for under $3. I get two 65~75 cent buns and a porridge, and dong-mai-cha (cold milk tea). And it's always under $3. Can't beat that.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,1/21/2010,39,253,6,7,7>This is just a great hardware store. They carry most everything and I have never struggled to find whatever it is that I am looking for. The only downsides are the price (a little steeper than your warehouse hardware store - but still reasonable) and that they close at 3pm on the weekend. I know that everything in Philadelphia shuts down on Sunday so I should be thankful for the 3pm close. However, Sunday is kind of a big day for dealing with household things so a 5pm close would be greatly appreciated. Also, the owner (the "perfect man" as he is referred to among the women I know) has a pretty kickass and chill massive dog. Although he (the dog) has off one day during the week, I think Wednesdays. So be sure to visit when everyone is accounted for!
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,1/20/2010,58,124,9,14,10>This place was beautiful...I came here for my 21st birthday dinner, with my closet friends and family. Upon first walking into this restaurant I felt like a princess. The service was very friendly and prompt. For being such a small place, that got pretty full, the noise traveled well and didn't get too loud at all.It was also very nice when Georges Perrier came out to wish me a happy birthday. I thought I was about melt. But it was his food that really pushed me over the edge. Other than some fine dining I've done in France, this experience was as close to the real deal (especially in Downtown Philadelphia)... Entrees:For those of you who are considering eating here, GO. And if you want ot make your dinner there really memorable... order the Pan Roasted Rib-Eye, Pommes Annette, Marrow Croquette, Sauce Bordelaise. This was the dish my boyfriend ordered. And it was absolutely delicious. I had gotten the Lamb w/ Zucchini Mint Puree; which was also quite good. Both of us nearly licked our plates clean, but I'd definitely go with the Rib-Eye.2 people in my party went with "The Classic Degustation", a pre-fix menu, offered at a very reasonable price for 5 courses (entree: filet mignon). The Escargots were to die for... RICH, buttery, garlic-smothered snails... doesn't get any better than that!Starters (1st, 2nd Courses):I had started with the Field Rabbit Hazelnut Terrine. I wasn't so crazy about this dish. It was just a slice of salty, gelatin rabbit (sorry to sound so ignorant, but that's what it was).But on the other hand, my 2nd course, the Gallette de Crabe, Haricots Verts, Whole Grain Mustard Sauce was heavenly. I'm from Maryland, so I know my crabs... And this was the best crab dish I've ever put in my mouth. Little "filling", great chunky texture, and served with a delightful spicy mustard sauce. Mm Mm Mm...For the true "foodie" at heart, get the Crispy Veal Sweetbread, Coddled Egg, White Asparagus, Salsify, Truffle Parmesan Broth. You won't be disappointed.~LONG STORY SHORT~Overall this experience was amazing. Hands Down.- Escargots Cassolette, Hazelnut, Champagne Garlic Butter- Gallette de Crabe, Haricots Verts, Whole Grain Mustard Sauce- Pan Roasted Rib-Eye, Pommes Annette, Marrow Croquette, Sauce Bordelais- Dessert & Cheese Carts. YUM.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,1/19/2010,76,119,6,13,14>Ohhh, how I miss you, Skippack Village Italian Market. Home of the BEST vegetarian hoagie I've ever had. If you vegetarians (I'm looking at you, Blake) want to experience a glimpse of what the food in heaven (should such a place actually exist) must taste like, trust me: Make the trek out to Skippack. Of course, their other meat-based hoagies are nothing to sneeze at, but as a former vegetarian who now eats poultry, I still get the veggie hoagie every single time I come here. The base is eggplant, which you can get marinated or fried, on a freshly baked Italian roll (baked in house). Then, they pile on romaine lettuce, roasted red peppers, sharp provolone (I'm talking the real stuff, straight from Italy), and artichoke hearts, and finish it with house dressing and, if you so desire, oil and vinegar. To complete your meal, they have all the fixin's: Dirty's chips (best chips ever), a variety of sodas, Italian pastries and desserts (imported from Milan!), deli pickles, a myriad of pasta and veggie salads... whatever you want, they most likely have. When you're done ordering, why not take your food outside to enjoy at one of their outdoor tables?Also, be sure to check out their grocery items for sale, if you have a little extra money (don't worry, they take credit cards). They have spices, fresh bread, sauces, pastas, marinades, herbs, biscotti, etc. I would have no regrets about eating here every single day of my life. Who cares if there's a heaven when there's the Skippack Italian Market?
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,1/18/2010,279,288,10,11,12>I'd been dying to go back to this cute little joint right off South Street since that one time in college. It was good times: the company was brilliant, the food excellent, and the atmosphere jovial.So, when I found myself in Old City with my beau and not a plan in mind, I thought of The Latest Dish.There were something like two tables available. They were kind enough to let us sit at the four top even though there were only the two of us.On tap: Bell's Two Hearted Ale, Dogfish Head, I forget, I forget, and Hoegaarden.They give you bread with some pesto and olive oil dip while you wait. It's delicious.There are some surprise items on the menu, such as the Vietnamese vegetable rolls -- which you shouldn't get. Please. Don't do it. You'll regret it. I wonder if they've ever SEEN Vietnamese rolls... these things were HUGE. There were two when there could have been four. The only reason why I could have finished one in just two bites is because I have a huge mouth (apparently. I bit off half of a roll in one bite and left the other half to die. alone. and cold.) The sauce was damn good, though.The specials, written on a blackboard hung up on the wall, looked amazing. So amazing, in fact, that my companion changed his mind from what he had chosen on the regular menu (vegan burger) to their penne...something...bay scallops...spinach...vodka...something (sorry, I don't remember what the exact name was). As for me, I marveled at the various choices but ultimately went with the hanger steak (with amazing fingerling potato fries, chive aioli, their homemade steak sauce, and scallions galore -- I love scallions!), medium rare.The penne was a bit bland, but not bad. The scallops were rather tiny and a bit too...chewy. My steak was tender and delicious (red meat WHAT) and the fingerling potatoes were heavenly. The steak sauce was amazing, the chive aioli brilliant, and omfg scallions.Our server was great; the hanger steak was her recommendation (in her words, "it's unreal") and she was overall very pleasant and cute.Safe to say that I still love this place. Aside from the food and the service, I really like that it's got an open kitchen -- for two reasons: first, I like being able to see and hear the kitchen staff at work; I think it's neat that they get to see people enjoy the fruit of their labor, and it pretty much tells me that they've got nothing to hide from us diners. After all, the kitchen is really the heart of a restaurant, and this is a great way to make the dining room and kitchen feel like a cohesive unit. Second, since it's such a small restaurant, it opens up the place a bit. It's just great. I'll be back.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,1/17/2010,128,137,9,16,15>Every time I've been here it's been for at least an hour at a time. I am always in the store for a very long time. This is good to point out considering I can't wear the clothes at Torrid. But I wish I could. As a company, they stock really cute clothing and accessories for the plus sized girl (or should I say gurrrl). Everything in the store is cute and highly stylized. Also, everything is geared towards a plus size girl. Literally everything. Rings are larger, bracelets are larger, sunglasses are wide to look good on a bigger face, even shoes are sold in wider sizes. It is fantastic that everything is sold to make a girl feel comfortable with herself and look hot doing it. This location has some of the most amazing sales associates I've ever seen. There's usually a fine line between helpful and creepy or annoying. The girls at Torrid are so extremely helpful but never cross that line into annoying (or creepy). They offer suggestions, help with sizes, lament about strange cuts in some garments, and generally encourage you in life. It's amazing. You can tell they are generally proud to work there.Torrid's only downfall is their high prices. They are high but they know that's the price people will pay to look great. I never mind when my friend wants to go to Torrid for a few hours. I'm happy cause it means I'll walk out of there with a cute new hair accessory and the knowledge that girls of all shapes and sizes are well taken care of and looking hot.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,1/16/2010,162,210,17,35,16>I have recently delved into the world of Brazilian Waxing and based on Yelp and friend recommendations  I chose to do so at Body Restorations.  I am really glad that I did.  I have done it twice now and wanted to wait until after the second visit to review since I'm still a little clueless in this process.  I have seen Pam on both occasions and will most likely only see Pam for the rest of my occasions, she kind of rules.  If I'm going to have my hoo-haa splayed out I want to feel comfortable and Pam makes you feel comfortable with her friendly chit chat and explanation of events to come.  She also remembered a lot about me on our second visit so she was actually listening.  Thanks Pam! Now let's get down to it- Brazilian Waxing is no joke- it hurts like a mother and it is very embarrassing.  I wish I had known a few things before I went in so I'm going to share them now.  1. You have to grow your hair in for about 2-3 weeks before your first appointment.  Pam instructed me it should be soft like when you let your leg hair grow too long in the winter months and it feels soft to the touch.  This will ensure maximum hair removal and will hurt less. 2.  Pain levels will be different on different areas and apparently vary person to person.  Thigh meets crotch is my oh my god I'm going to die area.  3.  The first waxing might not remove every single hair, especially if you haven't let it grow in properly.  Do not freak out, do not give them bad reviews, wait for the next appointment and it will all be gone.  When you get waxed it's bad to reapply the wax to the same section over and over again so when hairs don't come out some will be tweezed.  My first waxing left behind at least 10-20 random hairs since mine wasn't long enough to start.  4.  The second waxing hurts way less than the first one, at least it did for me. 5. Eat yogurt for a few days after your waxing.  It's like a safety net for your junk, as if you were on antibiotics.  Introducing any foreignness to your junk can cause problems so just be safe and eat the yogurt. 6.  The waxing lasts about one and half to two weeks and then the next two weeks are all about growing it back for your next waxing.  When I originally called and asked how long they last I was told 4-6 weeks which is not the case.  They were referring to your next appointment which will be 4-6 weeks after your initial waxing.  There is a big difference in my book but I'll chalk it up to a miscommunication. 7.  The more you do it the finer, softer and sparser your hair will become.   I now want to try some of the other services offered here and hope to do so in the future.  The prices are average for the services offered and the waiting area is adorable and soothing. Thanks for all your help in my hoo-haa hair removal Body Restorations!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,1/15/2010,87,192,4,12,8>Nestled back in the charming residential neighborhood of East Falls, Silver Spoon Cafe is the perfect place for a delicious Sunday brunch. The decor was warm and classic; the perfect touch would have been jazz playing in the background. The waitstaff was very friendly and both owners came out to chat and to see how our meal was; very impressive!I ordered the scrambled ranchero, which I was informed is a menu favorite and I had no trouble seeing or tasting why. It was obvious that all the ingredients were of the freshest quality and that careful thought went into the dish to maximize its flavor potential. My dining companion ordered the French toast, which looked delicious (she confirmed) topped with cheese and applewood bacon. I was also impressed that they were able to meet my request of hot green tea; very few establishments I've been to carry it.Overall, a lovely Sunday morning with great food and good company.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,1/14/2010,72,175,4,9,9>Two words: Trendy diner! You have to know that the Jersey girl in me loves this concept, and I started mentally Yelping as soon as I walked in the door.  My friend and I stopped in last night for a late dinner.  She'd been raving about Silk City, and I wanted to try it, so since i had today off, and didn't mind staying up late, we decided to stop in. On the outside, it looks like a diner with a lot of fluorescent lights, but you walk inside, and everyone - the clientele and staff are pretty trendy.  It's like a diner/club...a dub, if you will. So far, so good.   Oh yeah, two more words: Thai wings! My friend suggested that we order them, since she'd had them before and they were good.  We both ordered the wings, and I ordered a side of edamame, as I needed some green veggies in my life...I'm still trying to perfect my sexy.  She ordered a side of calamari.  Those wings were delicious!  The Thai sauce was salty and sweet, and just generally extremely yummy.  The wings would have been really good without the sauce, but trust, that sauce is the truth.  The side of bleu cheese complemented the Thai wings perfectly - who'd have thought?  The edamame and calamari were ok.  So yeah, Silk City is cool with me, and I will definitely go back.  And not just because you can't do better for a late night meal...I'd go back in the daytime!
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,1/13/2010,27,221,3,8,7>Three words:NOMNOMNOMWhat a completely sublime experience that did not, I repeat, did not break the bank. I fed myself and three other people for under $40.  And they were fed with some of the best food I have had in the city.  The brisket drew oohs and ahhs from all party members at the table while we were treated to some ginormous texas toast and delicious taco salad.  The service was top notch with water, chips and food being delivered very professionally and succinctly.  Well done!  This will seriously go into the rotation of great places for us to eat nearby.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,1/11/2010,156,274,3,8,8>I made it to Jolly's for a Friday night of their dueling pianos.  The atmosphere is definitely a lot of fun as the dueling piano players were amaazing. They could play songs ranging from Minnie the Mooch to current day Coldplay and Lady Gaga songs.  Only drawback-its impossible to talk to anyone there as its a bit on the loud side.  Also, sometimes they don't play all the songs that are requested or it takes a really long time (my buddy had to wait 2 hours to hear Bob Dylan and they never played my U2 request). However, if you request anything by Journey, Billy Joel or Elton John you will be all set as those artists were played a ton of times.Still a fun place with decent priced drinks and neat energy from the piano setup
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,12/30/2009,162,175,14,13,11>I think Bibou got me to eat parts of an animal one should never eat (liver, brain, etc). For that, I applaud them.I went many months back with my family and the food was fantastic. I ordered some sort of terrine and I have no idea what was in it. But it was delicious. I think that my parents were lying to me when I asked them what it contained because they didn't want me to know.Other courses were had and reveled about as well.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,12/29/2009,75,163,7,7,7>The rain fell down and my plans fell thru, and I was kinda down for a Friday. My fiance suggested a nice meal close by would ease the blow. We sauntered out into the rain, carrying our Large bottle of wine. Only the large bottle will do when faced with the Ennui of a September rain out. We chose Novita Bistro because it is close, and we have been peeking in the doorway for a while now. We are seated pretty quickly without reservations, and the server asks "Can i open anything for you"? suddenly, I feel a tinge of embarrassment, over my large bottle of wine. " we drinking the big one tonight" I say sheepishly. "Absolutely you should, and I bet you'll drink it all." at ease and relaxed i was ready to enjoy my meal. Novita Bistro is Moroccan flair, Moroccan spices added to American staples, which for me was just the ticket. The scallop with mushroom appetiser was perfect. Scallops are one food I do consider myself an expert, and am very picky. My Cornish game hen was flattened and served over escarole with white beans. All the flavors met up and agreed to work together. My fiance raved about her salmon stuffed with spinach. The veg table couscous was bland and dry, and was the only scuff on a polished meal. The portions are large, and they are well prepared, it is exactly what your looking for in a BYOB. great service, good food, and a little jingle left in your pocket. I left Novita feeling a little better, Actually a lot better. Yes, we did finish the whole bottle.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,12/28/2009,47,222,7,11,9>Nothing like setting the night off proper. In the adult sense of course. A few of us got together for a nice cultural evening at the opera and decided to do dinner beforehand. We decided on Village Whiskey as we are all seasoned whiskey sippers. I've heard the restaurant was good but man... Now, I won't call it a proper restaurant, nor will I call it a pub, but I will call it a great idea that has been executed with style, class, and gusto. It's a small spot a little wider than a narrow bar with some booths and some tables. Simple, clean, and it has elements of both new and old... But enough about that... On to the food.When looking at the menu you almost think to yourself, hrmmm, this is a small menu. And you're right it is small. But the food isn't really the point, the whiskey is. Anyway, this small menu packs a pretty big punch. Since there were 4 of us we ordered a few things and shared. We had the deviled eggs, which would've made your Mennonite grandmother proud, the tater tots which were crunchy on the outside and buttery smooth on the inside, pickled artichokes with some toasted bread and the fried cheese puffs which hot damn... I want a platter next time. We all dug right in and were immediately impressed. The prices on these apps were incredible too. $3 each for most of these at a Garces restaurant??!? What!?! Sweet!The whiskey. The menu was HUGE! Our server was knowledgeable and if we had questions about a particular whiskey she was happy to give a brief synopsis. The specialty drink menu was also a force to be reckoned with. I had an "Old Fashioned" that would have made my father proud. My buddy Mike had the APA which consists of a few awesome ingredients like hops infused vodka and egg whites. Sounds strange but tastes amazing. The main course - Because whiskey isn't dinner. I had the Village Burger. I am going to go ahead and rank this burger up there with some of the best burgers in the city. I ordered it medium and it came medium. Check! I topped it with bacon, gruyere cheese, and caramelized onions. The flavor of the fresh grass fed beef was incredible. My wife had the pulled pork and that too was incredible. The pork was nice and tender, juicy, and flavor packed. We split a side of the duck fat fries with the cheese sauce too. These fries are to die for.In the end we left fat and happy. The awesome whiskey list had us buzzing and the great eats left us jolly. We waddled our way over to the opera and had a great night. Village whiskey gets the win.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,12/25/2009,112,62,10,7,10>Apparently, according to Thee Wise Ones (Yelpers!), I'm missing out on the breakfast at Dutch Eating Place. I'll be sure to put that on my to-try list, stat.But honestly, who needs breakfast when you can have the best mashed potatoes EVER?! Oh man, they are a big cupful of Amish love. The potatoes are on the smooth side, consistency-wise, and the gravy is so flavorful and delicious. If ever I'm in the mood for some down-home, hearty and inexpensive comfort food, it's really hard to resist the lure of this place. Goodness, it's just OH SO GOOD.I wish those lovely Amish ladies would tell me their deepest, darkest secrets: not whatever scandalous activities they did on Rumspringa, but their recipe(s) for perfect mashed 'taters and gravy. Yup.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2009,12/24/2009,87,51,11,12,11>Though I'm super stingy with ratings, the three stars I'm giving Doobies belie how choice a dive bar this bunker-like corner spot is. Not everyone's partial to a good hole in the wall, but our UYE on a balmy winter Tuesday provided the occasion to sample what I've come to think of as one of the city's best.A hairball bartender named Jim, $5 special Sly Fox beercans with a shot of bourbon, and a sterling selection of 70s and 80s little-known classics on the jukebox, and the scene is set for a grimy good time. As for the patrons, if the midweek regulars are any indication, this joint attracts plenty of hella cool urbanites. A Dirty Frank's on the Rittenhouse/Fitler side of town, but less blown out and cozier. Stop in.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,12/23/2009,101,45,5,10,8>I hadn't said a word, but I was handed a coffee as soon as I walked in.  Heaven.Best brunch in Philadelphia, hands down.  Menu changes every saturday with bold and daring ingredient combinations that always pay off.Be aware, Carman uses her kitchen to proudly display her collection of phallic kitsch.  That's right - penises everywhere.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,12/22/2009,400,308,4,8,9>This is Marcie Turney's baby.  Before 13th street became what it was, before El Vez piggy-backed its cuisine and all the fancy boutiques took residence here, Lolita began the revolution.Lolita was in fact my first foray into the world of BYOBs when I moved to Philly in '03.  So I have a soft spot for this place and though my experiences have vacillated between three and five stars throughout the years, I think Lolita is still definitely in my top ten list for BYOBs in the city.First and foremost, byoT .  Damn straight. Tequilla, say no more. Though the pitchers are price-y - the cocktails are tasty.  Of course, you're not limited to bringing just that sweet devil liquor, but it's an option.Food, again, consistent execution from the kitchen - with my fave (along with others, it seems - the carne asada) -  Menu could stand to get a bit of reinvention, but otherwise, food is simply delicioso.  Service here is decent, although depends on the server and always how busy the place is.  Noise level is medium and lighting quite dark and they do take reservations (but not on Friday or Saturday) - and like other BYOBs, ugh, cash only.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,12/21/2009,96,186,4,10,7>I was going to write a review of my experience at Miga last night but, evidently, Kate B. had the exact same experience. I went with my boyfriend, after a co-worker of his reccomended it, both of us Koren food virgins as well and our minds were sufficiently blown.The only difference between my experience and Kate B.'s is that I'm giving it five stars because our great waitress looked exactly like one of my best friends. The highlight of the meal was the soft shell crab tempura with that coconut sauce. Holy shit. We also had the seafood pancake (which I chose based on very accurate rave reviews by other Yelpers) and enjoyed the load of sidedishes and boiling hot soup that I couldn't resist and, consequently, sizzled my tongue. I ordered the veggie dolsot bibimbob and, even though I didn't use the spicy sauce, it was flavorful, delicious, and filling on it's own. My boyfriend ordered the beef brisket, which was cooked at our table and I'm sure tasted delicious.The prices were extremely reasonable, the food was great, the service was good, the atmosphere was relaxing. All good things.Also, I've been known to write some sickened, scathing reviews, so I can respect one-star reviews. But do yourself a favor - don't let Karen F.'s one-star review hold you back. I assure you, the restaurant doesn't smell like fecal matter. At all.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,12/20/2009,58,190,6,8,7>i can't stop eating here.  twice in three days?  seriously?  yes.  the special - monkfish, mussels, clams, shrimp, tomatoes, leeks in a white wine sauce = amazing.  salad with arugula, beets, goat cheese, toasted almonds = equally amazing.  beer list = overwhelming.  i love the sly fox helleslager and the weyerbacher fireside ale that are on tap right now.  i can't get enough of this place!
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,12/19/2009,26,98,3,11,8>Not only does this coffee shop have the (dubious) honor of being the closest coffee shop to my home, but it also is a truly wonderful little spot.  I love the fact that there is so much outdoor seating.  I also love the atmosphere; it's peaceful in here, which makes it a great place to get a little work done.  Like the other Green Line cafes, the coffee is great, the food is yummy, and the tea is amazing.  Not to mention, the staff is so downright pleasant that even before you take your first sip of coffee in the morning, you're already smiling!
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/14/2011,129,194,11,11,9>You don't go for the beer. You don't go for the liquor. You go because you don't want to stay up late enough to go to The Dolphin, and you're craving a dirty dive with some dancing girls. It's conveniently located right off the Broad St. line (pre-game drinks, anyone?) and within walking distance to a place you might have been eating or drinking at earlier. Yes, it's smoky, and trashy, and I have both accosted a terrible man there from across the bar and been befriended by drunks who actually called me to hang out the next weekend. Same night. And I always fall for at least one go-go dancer. If you hate dives, don't go. If you think dives are bars named "The Dive," don't go. If you're interested in some actual Philadelphia history and character, sit yourself down at the bar.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,10/13/2011,36,47,9,12,3>I danced on and off for about 6 or 7 years when I was younger. I was no professional, but no slouch either. Usually one of the better dancers in my classes. But then, in college, other priorities took over and I didn't have the time or money for ballet anymore.Fast-forward to my mid-twenties. I was ready to unretire. But where to go? The problem was, while I was far from a beginner, my body just couldn't do what it used to (nor could my brain remember most of the terms for what my body used to do). I took a few classes at Koresh but I just couldn't keep up and it was rather demoralizing. What I needed was a no-nonsense, gravelly-voiced personal trainer who could get me back into peak shape during a 2-minute training montage set to driving and inspiring music.But I couldn't work that out (and I don't have a grey sweatsuit anyway), so I did the next best thing and signed up for an adult intermediate class at the Phila Dance Academy. It struck a good balance between Papa Bear's porridge (Koresh's pro/semi-pro classes) and Mama Bear's (the absolute-beginner/just-for-fun type classes). The class was just challenging enough, with a friendly and supportive atmosphere. The instructor was great and made me feel really comfortable. Also, it was a small class, which allowed for a lot of individual attention.While I ultimately ended up leaving ballet behind and moving on to different types of dance, I had a good experience at PDA and I definitely recommend them.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,10/12/2011,151,303,4,5,6>If every person was changed into a restaurant that encapsulates their style and taste, what would happen? My friend Chris would be The Commodore in Williamsburg, socialite Jason C. would be The Franklin, Zachary H. would be the Tyson Bees Food Truck (may you rest in peace) and Erin F.* would be Taco Bell (I KID, I kid). Maybe I would be Fathom.I love everything about it. It reminds me of one of my favorite restaurants on Cape Cod (PJ's on Route 6 if you want to know) where you stroll in with sand on your feet and order clam strips and lobster rolls and french fries. I could be totally wrong, but maybe Fathom is Mike Stollenwerk's take on that type of experience, with a heavy dose of Philly mixed in. I like the picnic tables outside and the captains chairs that swivel, too. Most of all I like the food -- crab and chili dumplings, blackened mahi taco with scallions... even cauliflower. My favorite food is seafood and they have the whole spectrum ...  I could eat here for days .... mussels, calamari, clams, crawfish, etc etc ... and I about did a double take: is that really a pulled BBQ marlin sandwich on the menu? So to sum it up:  it's seafood, and it's really creative and inventive, but not remotely pretentious, and you can eat it on a picnic table.*Erin F. would really be Barbuzzo. Or Philly Flavors.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/11/2011,308,271,3,7,6>Dang, how did Christine beat me to the first review?!  Girlfriend is fasssst.I dragged a coworker with me to try this place on their opening day- I've been walking past it daily since May and couldn't wait to try it.  The line was sizable but moved quickly.  The operation is Chipotle-meets-falafel in terms of the service setup, and it was their first day so servers are still getting into the swing of things.  I went for the authentic falafel on white pita and Caity got the Mexican.  Total for me was $7.51 after tax, I did not get a drink and went for the cheapest option so it's a tad pricey for falafel.The packaging they use is brilliant- a box that "unzips" in the middle to create the perfect holding vessel for your messy falafel pita.  The pita was ultra fresh and pillowy and the fillings were all top-notch.  The hummus may have been slightly pasty for my taste but the flavour was good and the chopped salad was nice.  The falafel themselves were almost perfect- really flavourful, moist, and a great crunch on the outside.  The only drawback for me was that the crunch was almost as often a whole coriander seed getting stuck in my molars as it was crunchy fried falafel exterior.  Coriander is pretty overpowering and the whole seeds just didn't work well in the context of an otherwise-perfect falafel.  It could be that this is traditional, I have no idea, but I would prefer the coriander seeds to be coarsely ground instead.  It didn't ruin it for me by any means (I ate the whole thing), and I'll probably be back to try a new flavour combo.This place comes close to making up for the apparent closure of the Argan Moroccan cafe nearby, which had been my go-to place for a $7 tasty pita sandwich.  Did they close?  There's no indication or sign but passing by numerous times recently during lunch it's been closed every time.  Sadness.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,10/10/2011,101,151,6,7,6>First off, their lunch special is a steal; for $8.95 you get a choice of soup, appetizer and entrée. If you've never had Thai food, it's a great introduction. The lunch specials are limited and substitutions are about $2 extra. My usual is the Lemongrass soup which consists of chicken, mushroom and scallion in a lemongrass/spicy red pepper broth, Thai dumplings, 2 crispy pork/veggie dumplings with a sweet soy sauce and I usually rotate between the Red curry (choice of beef or chicken with veggies), drunken noodles (thick rice noodle with chicken and veggies) and evil jungle princess* (Chicken sautéd with veggies). I appreciate that when I ask them to make something extra spicy; they actually make it extra spicy. The place can get really loud during lunch, especially on Fridays; dinner is definitely a mellow crowd. It's like being at two different restaurants. The lunch crowd is loud and the service is quick while the dinner crowd is quiet and romantic. It's a BYO and I've always been tempted to bring something during lunch, but that'd mean I'd have to return to work wastey faced. If you're coming in for dinner, especially on a weekend make reservations or you'll be waiting at least an hour for a table. The dinner menu is pricey, with entrees ranging between $16 and $30. The servers are always polite, attentive and I swear you have to be an attractive woman to work here because I've never seen a male or ugly server. Remember, they don't open for lunch on Saturdays.*I think she works there. No really.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,10/9/2011,48,198,6,4,4>la viola is not without its flaws. it's one of those places where diners are borderline piled on top of each other and you can hear every word of your neighbors' conversation -- so don't go if you have big personal space issues (or have forgotten to wear deodorant). but i've been here a bunch and have only had good experiences.i'm picky about italian food, wary of that overstuffed and weighed-down feeling that follows consumption of cheese-laden everything. this place keeps it light, though, and has never made me feel too roly poly.here's what you do -- start with the grilled calamari and the mushroom appetizer. then order one of the specials, whatever it is. the specials almost always trump the regular menu options.and then, finish by sharing a piece of the "dark side of the moon" cake. yes, "dark side of the moon" is the single most annoyingly played-out name for a chocolate cake, and pretty much every restaurant in america features something with this label -- but la viola's is better than the usual and actually warrants a less generic name (which maybe i will suggest to them next time i am there).oh, and eat the cake back to front, cuz it's got one hell of a frosting caboose!
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,10/8/2011,279,288,5,7,8>This review is for the cookies only. And maybe the staff.I don't care for most of the items at this store -- not even Asher's Chocolates, which I happen to dislike -- but the cookies... holy crap, the COOKIES. White chocolate macadamia is my favorite and it seems like it's the first one they run out of.Today I took advantage of their end-of-the-day sale ($0.75 a cookie with some exceptions) and got the chocolate chip walnut cookie as well as Bella's blend: half triple chocolate and half sugar.Tasty? Sure thing, but eat too fast and you might not want to move for the next hour.Oh, and the staff is friendly.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,10/7/2011,99,109,4,8,6>When you throw a party with Sweet Lucy's, you can be sure it'll be a hit. Haven't ever even stepped foot the restaurant itself, but they've STILL earned my praise for best barbecue in the city. Enjoyed their phenomenally juicy fare at a few parties last summer and was instantly hooked. My boyfriend and I later ordered $100 worth of food for our own shindig, which netted several pounds each of pulled meats, sides of mac & cheese, corn bread, baked beans and slow-roasted dreams on a plate.It remains the restaurant of choice for our circle of friends, all of us apartment dwellers cursed with the absence of a grill, during prime summer cookout season. Do yourself a favor and order up some pork, wings and the must-have mac & cheese. Your belly will thank you.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,10/6/2011,134,241,6,6,7>Jose Garces, will you marry me?Really, what can be said about Amada that hasn't already been said?  I have been wanting to try Amada forfreakinever, but I'm a bit shy and just couldn't work up the courage to present myself to such a handsome establishment.  But along came a very aggressive matchmaker ... Restaurant Week.   Restaurant Week thought Amada and I would get along just fine and might even hit it off.  So I took the plunge, and made an open table reservation for 9:30 Sunday night.  What followed may have been one of the most perfect dining experiences ever.So much is said about the food that I will be brief.  Get the tortilla espanola and the short rib flatbread.  And the cana de cabra comes with a marmalade that made me want to weep.  It was quite the emotional first date.    Speaking of first dates ... try the Law of Desire.  Wowie.  I would say more, but I don't kiss and tell.  ;)Service??  Brilliant.  There was a small snafu with our order which looking back may have been at least partly my fault, but was handled so swiftly and smoothly that I felt taken care of and valued.  That's what separates the men from the boys.  Thank you, Sarah!  :DThe space is gorgeous and extremely comfy, especially for us lucky ladies who get to sit in the comfy couches along the walls.  Very nice touch!  I could have curled up and napped after dinner.  Like a perfectly proper warm hug after our wildly successful rendezvous.  Amada, you know how to treat the ladies.  Now that  the ice has been broken, I expect to be seeing much more of this handsome restaurant fellow.  I think we might become quite the item.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/4/2011,10/5/2011,125,201,10,9,13>Like every other Starr restaurant ever, this place looks awesome. It's cozy and full of dark wood and Britishy knickknacks and even its scent is exactly how I imagine England smells, all old and redolent of damp books. (...I mean that in an absolutely positive way.)Let's take a look at the menu, yeah? Wow, there's a bunch of English ales on cask that I would LOVE to try. But I'm here for a work lunch and so is my boss, so I'll appreciate the selection of interesting English sodas and settle on a fancypants ginger beer, which was great.From apps to entrees, we've got rabbit, prawns, chicken, fish, duck, more fish, sausage... it's like a dead Noah's Ark in here. The waitress warns me that the fries are cooked in beef fat. There's exactly one vegetarian option - a butter lettuce salad - and that is a pretty nice salad, with apples and Stilton and whatnot. I'll come back for dessert and 6 beers sometime when I'm feeling flush, but if you're not into eating meat, you probably won't be too into eating here.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,8/10/2009,6,63,3,4,4>I came here with a friend on the 4th of July as a stop-over trying a few places I've seen on Yelp in Northern Liberties.  It happens that I didn't check the theme of the night and I was winging it, but it couldn't have worked out better; Reggae and Soul.  I am honestly not a very big fan of the type of music that most clubs play; hip-hop, electronic, current pop; really not my thing.  The Barbary has those nights,  but this night, it was such a bizarre, fantastic experience in a packed house of those my age enjoying and dancing to the music I like.  And the DJ was great; the music selection and mix was top-notch.The drinks are fair; it was something like $2 for a PBR and $4 for a Red Stripe (first time having one, it was actually quite good).  My friend got a rum and coke for something like $5.They've really got something here.  I doubt I'd be here on nights I don't like the theme, but nights like this one, I look forward to coming back.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,8/8/2009,36,67,9,9,6>WOW! This place is great. Come for the two different varieties of bottled beer, stay for the depressing entertainment! One of the gems of the Dolphin that I haven't seen mentioned is the crane machine in the back. Packed to near bursting, the different varieties of fetish porno DVDs (Pregnant, grandpa) scattered throughout the interior are wonderful cherries on top of the smiling plush toys. I will absolutely go again!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,8/7/2009,8,16,3,7,4>Hell yeah...We stopped in here while walking by for their $11.95 all-you-can-eat buffet lunch. It was delicious!...And if you're a vegetarian, you'll dig this place as there are many options...But I'm not, so I had ample portions of lamb and chicken...You'll get your money's worth here at the buffet if you come hungry and just drink water...Quick responsive staff as well...DO IT...There are bigger tables in the back if you want to have a birthday dinner...plus a bar for drinkies...
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,8/6/2009,129,194,5,11,9>Señor Lanky and I have been waiting for Local 44 with baited breath for months, every since Brendan "Spanky" Hartranft confirmed the rumor of its West Philly opening one Sunday brunch as we gobbled fried pickles at Memphis Taproom. I immediately signed up for the mailing list, I've checked the website obsessively, I've bike past slowly and looked in the windows. Finally. Finally, Local 44 has opening in my beloved neighborhood, West Philly. A visit was the first thing on my "To-Do" list when I returned to Philadelphia after the holidays. In my neighborhood - One star. Huge beer list - one star. Veggie Friendly, affordable food - One star. The new neighborhood gathering spot - half a star. And bonus half-star for being such a huge improvement over Kelly Ann's the nasty bar that used to be located in this spot. I ordered the spinach croquettes and was surprised when they arrived - they were huge, and more closely resembled a latke, if latkes were made of mashed potatoes. The flavor was light, the inner texture creamy and the outer a contrasting extra crispy deep fried. Topped with a rich vegan cream and herb sauce, I gobbled them up. Since Local 44 is just as much about beer as food (if not more) I drank a perfectly crisp Bear Republic XP Pale Ale.One of my favorite things about Memphis Taproom, and now Local 44, is their veggie and vegan options. The Oyster (Mushroom) 'Po Boy intrigued me, and I wasn't disappointed. I had forgotten that oyster mushrooms have such a dense, chewy texture and the deep fried breading added even more texture. Tomatoes, cabbage, and some tasty sauce had me hooked. Unfortunately, after devouring the croquettes first, I had to leave most of the huge bread roll and hand-cut fries behind.Because everyone from the neighborhood seemed to be coming in that night, we were lucky enough to grab some seats at the bar with friends before it filled, and I enjoyed the Maredsous 6, a Belgian ale, and the Victory Hop Wallop, extra-hoppy on cask while I whiled away a wonderful night.  If they would add some fried pickles and a few more veggie sandwiches, I'd be in heaven
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,8/4/2009,115,105,,8,5>I have to knock a star off for the prices, knowing lots of competitors who do the same thing charge less per ounce. However, it is not their fault the tart strawberry, tart mango and butterripple are incredibly amazing. I always top them with lots of sprinkles, mochi and fruity pebbles. Yumm :) no wonder it always adds up... The trick however is knowing the cup size! The smaller one is 8 oz so if you make an effort to only fill it halfway you'll know the price easy!
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,8/3/2009,34,51,2,7,6>Three words: Delicious, cheap, incredible.  Let me elaborate on each.Delicious -- Amazingly fresh noodles; a rich and flavorsome clear broth; fresh green herbs, and delectable pieces of meat.  Even the tea was tasty.Cheap -- My husband and I each got a bowl of noodle soup.  The bowls were larger than we expected, a very bountiful soup!  Our total check came to $11.50.Incredible -- Being able to watch our noodles made right in front of our eyes warmed us before we even began eating our soup.We definitely plan to return.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,8/2/2009,51,94,9,5,7>If you're a Vegetarian, Vegan or anything marked with a V, then you have entered what hell will look like to you if you done wrong in your lifetime. As you approach the establishment you are greeted by not only smiling friendly Asian-folk but dead roast pork and duck hanging in a show-cased window. This is Sang Kee! And if you like meat, this is your heaven! Now what has been the famed tasty choice for most regulars here is their soup. Their roast pork wonton noodle soup! That alone is a meal in itself. It's a bowl bigger than your head containing more pork that would make any Jew squeal "THAT'S NOT KOSHER!!!!!"But delicious? YES! There are even some veggie dishes that won't make your BFor GF who apparently follows those strict diets so you won't make them completely sick even though they have to watch you eat your duck in sweet sauce with pork dumplings. Bon Appetit!
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,8/1/2009,112,62,7,8,7>I'm in love with the BBQ sliders (brisket, pork and chicken). They're moist and juicy and I just want to stuff my face with them every day, for every meal.The dry-rub wings are tasty, too. They're $5 bucks at happy hour, and though you only get about five or six wings, they're not too skimpy. Plus, they taste the way I always want my chicken on the grill to taste--crispy, almost a little burnt, with a nice charred flavor and tender on the inside. While I fail at cooking (er, grilling), Betty's does not.The sauce (Sam's Famous BBQ) used on the BBQ combo platter (1/4 chicken and 1/4 ribs) is sweet and tangy and so wonderfully finger-lickin' good. I'm definitely a fan of having to lick my fingers a million times after each bite of messy BBQ. Wet wipes are available, of course, but who wants to waste any last drop of sauce, even if it means lick-lick-licking away?The macaroni salad is decent and the mac and cheese is oozy with a little bit of breadcrumb crunch on top. Both are worthy of thumbs up. The stuffing with gravy is just okay ... there was a flavor in there I couldn't quite pick out and I probably wouldn't order it again. And the buttermilk biscuit was quite dry. It tasted like someone went overboard with the flour and forgot about the butter. But! The rest of the menu looks promising (lots of interesting sandwiches and plenty of other sides). Must try more!I wasn't drinking yesterday (huh?!) but the beer/wine/cocktail menu was similar to that of Devil's Alley--plentiful enough for drinkers across the board. The Smokin' Betty's Blonde and house wines were being offered for $3 during happy hour. I'm sure I'll be hittin' that up next time.Oh, and I loved dining upstairs by the windows. Actually, the whole space is quite swank but in a non-glitzy way. Dark wood and lots of light. I could see it being a great spot for an event. Plus, the service (both hostess and servers) was friendly and attentive. Let's see if that sticks.Yay and more yay! I hope this place does well because I'm looking forward to getting my BBQ on a lot more often this summer. Dammit, I want a slider right now.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,7/31/2009,75,163,7,11,10>Ive had two different and enjoyable experiences at Era. My first trip was a quiet dinner in the back dinning room with close friends. The second trip was a more drunkin event; at the bar, with Yelpers whom I had never met. i had a blast both times, its actually pretty hard not to. The food is as good as any Ethiopian restaurant i have ever been. i have had the beef, lamb, beef tibs. all spicy but not overwhelming, and very savory. The lentils side is actually the best i have ever had, and the cabbage and potatoes are mild enough to mellow out the sting from the spicy meat. The beer is super cheap and they have a few good ones, so you can get all banged up and still have cash in your pockets. I took full advantage on my second trip. since the beer is cheap and your eating spongy bread, you might as well have a couple more pints and take a cab home. But the truly 5 star part of Era is the service. The bartender Rachel is fantastic. She is sweet, engaging and efficient, she handled a big crowd with ease. She made me feel right at home when I arrived and the bar was empty. the gentleman who served us my first trip was also super nice and added to the experience, because he didn't make my friends who were new to the cuisine, feel intimidated. thanks to Aaron for cluing me in on this place, I feel lucky to have gone and enjoyed before the masses figure it out and there is a line at the door.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,7/29/2009,44,81,7,7,9>This is a bar that I have been searching for in this city:  a place where you can find all walks of life getting wasted together happily, and cheaply.  What more could you ask for?  Oh yeah, beer + a shot for $3 AND they sell Cheetos.  Welcome to heaven.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,11/3/2008,21,68,5,8,8>working in a place that has a smell that i'm immune to makes me really appreciate a place with a smell i can smell, so is fantes, but thats hardly the reason i give 5 stars. they do have the best selection ever, even of coffees.some of the things they sell are very expensive but not overpriced, something to look forward to when you "make it". they do also have a great staff, i've heard them talk people out of some crappy products (though you do have to wonder why they have some crappy products). i got my set of peugeot salt and pepper crackers here and they RULE!   on a sad note, for years, years, i looked at that copper still and never talked myself into it, now, its gone and here i sit getting drunk off of someones elses booze.theres a lesson in that, friends. that lesson is, buy a still.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,11/2/2008,21,26,2,5,5>i give Teresa's five stars on their mussels alone.  they were the most delectable mussels i've ever eaten.  so tender.  so tasty.  although i've been positively blind-sided by their mussels, as i recall my visit there, i was also impressed by their fries and customer service (two of THE most important things in life).  my first time there, i was the first person to arrive of my twosome.  i didn't know the difference between the two Teresa's, so i asked for a table on the non-bar side (not the side i wanted).  upon realizing this, i not-so-eloquently told the host that i didn't know where i was, or what to do, or what i wanted.  he non-condescendingly guided me to the bar side and even checked in on me a little later.   thank you, kind gentleman, for not making me feel stupid.  that's seriously hard to find in customer service these days.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,11/1/2008,60,37,2,7,5>Classy, boisterous, pro-MEAT!My first visit to Brasserie Perrier was just a couple weeks ago when my beautiful boyfriend's Aunt was in town from Los Angeles and she'd requested to meet me.  Yikes!  She'd gotten a good recommendation from her concierge about this place, so that's where we met.I was so relieved to learn that although this is an upscale place, its not so snobby or formal that, already being nervous, I'd have anything else to worry about.  Well, Philadelphia doesn't quite do snobby or formal does it?  Well I love Philadelphia and I LOVED this place.  Of course I had a steak and a couple glasses of champagne.  Great service, great piece of meat, great creme brulee for dessert...a great night all around.  Got something to celebrate?  Or better: does your nephew have a new girlfriend you want to meet?  Try this place!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,10/31/2008,17,91,2,9,6>Zahav, which exceeded expectations and has replaced Sfizzio, has an open feeling about it, high ceilings,colorful glass lanterns and windows, and the food is fresh, colorful and outstanding!  This Israeli restaurant has a great variety of small dishes and skewers which are perfect to share.  This is family style dining, and the flavors are bold.  I really enjoyed the turkish hummus, the galil (eggplant skewer), and the kineret (salmon skewer).  I was only slightly disappointed in the malauch, as I'd anticipated it to be different, but it was still very good.   Interesting cocktails.  The Lemonnana drink was a great mojito-like drink and I'm going to return for the Milk and Honey cocktail.  We found out that you cannot get the Mesibah individually ($50/person prix fixe meal), unfortunately, so we'll have to return when our whole group wants to partake.  Save room for the desserts:  Get the Baklava!  Oh, and the ice creams are so full of flavor!  I really loved the sesame ice cream that comes with the warm chocolate cake. Potent and high quality ingredients.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2008,10/30/2008,26,7,,9,6>From the service to the ambiance to the food, the entire experience was immaculate.  I like very much the fact that the kitchen is in the dining room: it's fine dining and you can watch your food being prepared.  The scallops were carmelized to ecstasy and cooked to perfection.  The server was lovely.  The finishing of the wine with creme brulee at an outdoor table was exquisite.  I can't wait to go again.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,10/28/2008,41,85,15,8,12>sigh. Like the Jan Brady to Walnut Street's Marsha, the Gallery has some blemishes and a few personality disorders.  I tried hanging out with her, at first because I felt pity, and then because I realized that she is cheap and easy.  Sure, there's no Coach store, Matthew Izzo boutique, or even a Club Monaco, but who is the Gallery trying to impress?  This isn't a mall with a Freudian complex, wishing it had external organs like Walnut Street, and I like that.  Yeah, I know it feels special spending a lot on fancy things, but Pay Half and Old Navy beckon from the Gallery with news of a Proletariat uprising.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,10/27/2008,6,20,4,5,5>Misconduct's, I happily give you a four.  You are a good place.  I've been to you for beers and sports (The best games are on and the brews are ice cold and filled again before you get to the foam).  I've been to you for late night cocktails (Your martinis were top notch and that is a tall order to fill).  I've been to you for your awesome burger.  Although it is kind of douch-y to advertise the best burger in the city, yours is one that I crave and definitely up there on the list.  It is impossible to claim best anything in a such a competitive and opinionated city, but I must say bravo for the burgers you are currently pounding out.  I like your crowd.  Industry types dressed nicely.  The service is great, although I prefer the bar to the table service there, and the location is good.  It's got all the elements of a casual spot to either start or end your night.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,10/26/2008,121,177,4,3,4>Frites, frites, frites! That sauce is so damn good. I would really like a bottle, thanks. Chicken in bruges with lettuce and tomato filled me up well without making me feel extremely fat for eating a whole sandwich. This is a little random, but I really liked the bread that my burger was on. And again, those fries..awesome.I went here for lunch so I abstained from any alcohol but the beer selection is ginormous, but I'm sure you already knew that.What's up with the cramped quarters? We had a party of three and we were seated in this tiny tiny nook, probably more like a cranny. Horrible. Re-do the set-up of this place, seriously. And go for lunch if you want a meal that doesn't feel like it's rushed or crowded.Overall, 3.5 review, but bumped up to 4 due to the lingering thoughts of those fries ;)
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2008,10/25/2008,1,24,,5,5>This place is probably my favorite so far of anywhere I've been in Philly.  That may be an underwhelming statement, but seriously LOOOVE.  What can I say they have delicious microbrewery stuff on tap, pretty much an assortment of anything you could ever want.  The lemon water beer was good...I forget what it really was called, thats how my friend described it.  The bartender was super friendly and showed us pictures of his adorable daughter.  The other patrons were also friendly and gave us tips on where to head on south street.  They do card pretty faithfully.  Anyhow HAPPY HOUR 5-8pm half off beer on tap I think, it was pretty cheap I got a bit tipsy at 5pm.  I am super duper excited to come back for shows.  The place is pretty big for a small bar a separate room for bar and another for stage and tables.  The decor is cool there were like lions or griffins with red eyes, the bathrooms are labeled SIT or STAND, if you can't figure out which one to use don't feel bad.  The bands must be pretty good I don't know any except some I've seen in Michigan... The Meatmen and Totimoshi on back to back nights its going to be hardcore I can't wait.  Uh there is no smoking...this is city wide indoors I think?  I may actually have to quit.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,10/24/2008,383,130,3,6,5>Bicycle Revolution = excellent service, super knowledgeable, all-in-one store, not overpriced, and good location too..............dog friendly, as long as your dog is friendly back ;)
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2006,4/7/2007,26,87,1,2,2>The name really speaks to the 'atmosphere' of the bar...drinkers.  and lots of them.This is clearly a fantastic place to go and simply get drunk.  lots of different people, all freindly, with one thing on their mind...booze. Similar to Drinker's Tavern, the concept here is simple - make it easy.  PBR cans...40's...$2 drinks all over the freaking place.  Walking with with a small wallet  - walk out (if you can) with a big buzz...
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2006,4/6/2007,5,70,,3,2>HA! how could i forget to write about this place! i got my bags at the airport and headed straight for GENO'S! who cares that it was only 10 something in the mornin' i was having me a philly cheesesteak and who better to trust to make the best than Geno's. then i get there and i recall this is the same guy who began the whole, "live in America, order in English" deal. HAHA! i love it! i agree! i moved here from India and i was expected to speak, order, deal in English. i cant understand why other countries get by without having the same pressure. anywho, the steaks were RAGIN' and i mean ragin' cause we put Hot sauce. not me so much this time, but my friend. she had to put their "FREEDOM FRIES" inside the sandwich to calm down the spicy sauce. they even had jalapenos in a can as a garnish. whole jalapenos. great environment to just sit, chill, enjoy a classic philly treat. and dont forget, you order things differently here: wiz with means you are getting american cheese and onions. wiz without means no onions. make sure you know how to order or they will know that you are a tourist and you are a first timer all in one. hehe. Happy Eating!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2006,4/5/2007,161,111,6,7,6>Great place to check out at Upenn campus. They have their bar menu (which is what I ordered from) and their regular menu, which has more pricy entrees (mid 20's and up). The bar menu had some pretty good burgers/sandwiches as well as some other entrees that are in decent portions. I started off with chips and guacamole... for 5 bux, it seems like a pretty good deal for two people. For the entree, I had the Organic Florida Shrimp and Crawfish Tail Fettuccini. It was covered with spicy parmesan cheese cream, sweet onions and tomatoes. Delightful to my taste buds. For dessert, try out the Peach Cobbler. The peach tastes natural and the ice cream/cookie is filled with good flavor. And all of that was about the same cost as one of the regular entrees! Check out this place if you're on campus.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2006,4/4/2007,170,93,4,6,6>The best Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia, which makes this the best Philly cheesesteak in the... um... universe.Dalessandro's is off the main drag, so if you're visiting Philadelphia as a tourist (hahahahahahaha), or you're vegan, then you're unlikely to ever go there. But know this: You would be passing up a chance to eat the best cheesesteak in the universe.It's a typical neighborhood spot, which means it's dirty and worn, and the stools around the counter are always filled with regular guys who look like Rocky Balboa and shout f-bombs at the cook and each other.It also means they pile a lot more meat on your steak for less money than the places you might read about in some in-flight magazine or travel book. And Dalessandro's melts the cheese with the meat - on the grill - so the (American) cheese is smooth and gooey. Unlike Pat's where they just lay a couple slices of cheese on the bun so they can move more units per minute.This place is the bomb-diggity.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2006,4/3/2007,268,549,,4,3>I spent my birthday dinner here.  It was exactly what I was looking for... stylish, exotic with some unique flavors.  Sexy ambience and good cocktails.  The chic-pea crepes with chicken, I still crave.  It tastes like my favorite dish Bestilla mixed with a French Crepe.  Great combination. For my entree, calories and cholesterol be damned, I went for the duck breast with foie gras, creamy onions and caramelized fruit.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2007,4/2/2007,56,12,,5,4>My wife and I eat here weekly, so it goes without saying we love the food.  The butter chicken and korma are superb.  Samosas and pakora are making me drool just thinking about them.  Initially they were BYOB, but thankfully they now have their license and I can now get an Indian brew to compliment the great food.The reason for 4 not 5 stars is the service.  Frequently they seem to be overwhelmed and frantic to deal with how busy the restaurant gets.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2006,4/1/2007,10,36,2,3,2>Perhaps the only Stephen Starr restaurant where it isn't completely obvious that you're in a Stephen Starr restaurant.  Typically the Starr formula is 50% decor + 30% food + 20% service (not that there's anything wrong with that... if you know what you're in for) but BP, like Morimoto, is more evenly balanced.  Great Steak-house meets 70s library decor, with big comfy seats... a little too big if you're looking for close conversation across the table, but after several pounds of beef and wine, that recline is some sweet action.  I've been four times, and the steaks themselves have always been phenomenal... pick any, you can't go wrong.  The kobe sliders are also amazing -- I might actually consider getting a few orders as my entree.  And yes, without question, get the tots.  As for the infamous and brilliantly marketed $100 cheesesteak, don't order it as an entree, it's too rich, and you'll probably feel cheated -- unless someone else is paying (which is, incidentally, highly recommended).  But if you're in a group, get it as a starter, and think of it as an experience -- plus that way you all get the absurd story-telling rights.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2007,3/31/2007,114,391,3,6,4>A Bubble Tea House & Ice Cream Shop, as they are advertising.If you can find your way through the Tokyo-esce traffic and confusion of the Vietnamese shopping area parking lot, then you've come so far already.They've made this place pretty nice with purple walls, tons of bar tables and stools and cool lamps. Kids were here on their labtops sippn' on their bubble teas and just hanging out.They have TONS of flavors of bubble teas and you can get tapioca or jelly beads.SOME FLAVORS:almond, coconut, cafe latte, lavender, mango, mocha, papaya, peach, red bean, Thai tea, watermelon, white chocolate. (The woman here is super nice and can mix flavors; I got mango coconut). The flavors are all powders displayed like at Franklin Fountain.If by now you want to throw up, you probably don't know what a Bubble Tea is. Let me explain. BUBBLE: these floaty things in your drink are just like tapioca pudding, without the pudding. Kinda' like chewy gelatin. TEA: flavored tea. (Wow, I can't believe I wasn't one of the original authors Oxford English Dictionary).They also have ice cream and sundaes and I'm pretty surprised they have these awesome flavors:strawberry shortcake, orange sherbet, mango, cherry vanilla, chocolate banana, chocolate marshmallow, green tea, snickers, resse's peanut butter cup, to name a few. And they make banana splits with all kinds of toppings, malt shakes, ice cream sodas and sundaes.Weirdest thing is: they deliver! Order has to be over $6
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2007,3/30/2007,26,67,15,7,11>The Franklin Institute is the only place in the country where you can make eye contact in the vena cava, be holding hands in the pulmonary artery, have your arms around each other in the left ventricle, and be full on making out by the time you hit the aorta.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2007,3/29/2007,57,257,4,7,6>I have been lucky enough to eat at Lacroix THREE times in my life. The food is so good that I'm glad I don't live nearby, otherwise I'd find some way to eat here regularly... like by mugging little old ladies out walking their yorkshire terriers in Rittenhouse Square or something. Even if I could afford to eat here more than once a year, I wouldn't want to. The food is so fantastic that I just wouldn't want it to become "normal" or a regular part of my routine. I've had a 4 course tasting menu each time I've been, and the food is so excellent that I've braved new things, such as skate. The way it works is that it's all a tasting menu. You just choose how many courses you want and then you can pick from anything on the menu and put it in any order. The staff is happy to assist you in avoiding ruining your meal by doing things like suggesting you not order three plates of heavy meat in a row, but perhaps alternating with a light soup or salad along the way. The service is impeccable... Top notch. I think what I love about the service is that they don't assume you know everything about food or strange ingredients, they will guide you through the menu and don't toss around any haughty attitude if you decide that you do want to go ahead and have all meat, all the way through, or that you'd like to just have multiple courses of soup, or two dramatically flavored dishes in a row... They'll caution you, nicely, against it, but if that's what you really want, then you can rock on with your bad self! They also have a way of using a gentle humor that takes the edge off of being in such a nice joint. Yes, it's a phenomenally upscale place, but no one is going to look down their nose at you if you should use the wrong fork, or ask what venison is. If you are lucky enough to come here for dinner, plan on making an evening of it. The courses are well-paced, allowing you to have time to digest a bit in between plates and to let your palate settle. If someone at your table gets 5 courses and everyone else gets 3, then the pace of the meal will be suited to the 5 courses. Chef La Croix will not leave the others hanging in the meantime, however! He'll send out a small taste of soup or some sort of palate cleanser while the 5 courser has his extra dishes. You can expect to spend 2-4 hours leisurely dining, so you'd better like the people you're with. Heck, even if you don't like them, like if they're business people you HAVE to eat with, as long as they're paying or it's on your expense report, go for it - it's worth it even if you can't stand your dinner-mates.  To finish the evening, there is a great cheese course and, finally, dessert is always on Chef Lacroix.I believe Chef Lacroix does a seasonal take-out brunch thing on the weekends where you can get a brunch to take onto the square, and he's always doing special events, such as a guided tour to the farmers' market, holiday dinners, or special meals that are themed around specific wines. As a final bonus, you will not find the ever-annoying Rachel Ray (and her "$40 a day") dining here. 5 stars on that alone...
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,1/15/2012,162,210,9,5,8>If ever there are divorce papers involved in my life, and let's hope not, this place will be cited as my grounds for divorce.  I've had to hear about the development on Facebook and Twitter from several friends for several months, so I'm super excited that it's finally here and we can stop anticipating the opening.  I went with group around 4:45pm, opening day and we were met with a relatively tame crowd.  Drinks were $1 off for happy hour and they have twenty-five beers on tap. They also had a full bar, so I was able to sample a Bell's stout and then switch to a Hendrick's and tonic.  For four beers, and a grilled cheese our bill was $30, pretty awesome for craft beers and top shelf liquor.  I'm not going to pretend I know a lot about video games, but I played the usual girly basics-Tetris, Ms. Pac-man, Frogger and Super Mario Bros. and they were super fun. Games are $0.25 each and there's a change machine on the premises should you forget to raid your change jar beforehand.  Should you find yourself hungry they have a small menu, though it is just barely vegetarian friendly offering only a grilled cheese and pickled vegetables with hop shoots as the two possibilities.  I had the grilled cheese and it was quite delicious and came with a few of the pickled veggies as side- amazingly nom! My suggestions would be to add another Pac-Man game, perhaps a table version, and to add a photobooth, as well as some more veggie options. The building is gorgeous, inside and out.  They have a huge spiral bike rack out front and a cute outdoor area for fresh air, or smoky, whichever you prefer.  The inside is nothing short of gorgeous and the bathrooms were pretty lovely as well.  Lucky for me I didn't hate hanging out here, but I have a feeling I should add them to the contact list in phone should my husband ever go missing.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,1/14/2012,36,106,8,9,8>The cuisine of Deutschland never really called to me and I am not into beer so I was shocked to have an unexpectedly fabulous time at Frankford Hall!  They created quite a festive atmosphere - there was ping pong, a face painter, a balloon artist and magician, oh my! There was even an oom-pa pa kind of band which was quite good; the one guy was the James Hetfield of accordion players, oomping out like crazy!  Somehow I felt a tiny bit like Truly Scrumptious transported to Vulgaria, there were men wearing German fedora type hats and then others in actual lederhosen (later I realized they were with the band).  We were with a group of foodies and ordered a bunch of stuff we shared so I got to taste lots of things.Some of my top favorites were the red cabbage, the Bavarian pretzel with delightfully hot Dijon mustard and the spatzle noodles fried to a toasty brown on the outside but still soft inside with yummy bits of sauteed bacon and mushroom.  They had a pulled pork sandwich on special that was also tasty on a nice soft roll.  Everyone in my group loved the potato pancakes and tossed salad as well.  The fries were good but I don't get the big appeal of "curry catsup" - I mean, it was ok but not like something outrageously amazing or anything.    Someone ordered something that was sliced sausage in this delicious red, onion, spicy sauce. We also tried the cupcakes - both the german chocolate and carrot were great, especially the carrot, nice and moist and not too sweet. The potato salad didn't thrill me, it was very vinegary which was ok but I think it would have tasted a lot better hotI can't really comment intelligently on the beer except to say I wished they offered a "small" glass - the choices were a really big mug I would never be able to finish before the beer got stale and warm or a mug so huge it was bigger than my head.  I ended up just sipping from hubby's mug and trying everyone else's - the beers were all good in different ways but I liked the ones we had at Memphis Tap better.  It was nice they will give samples before you order though.I think the furnishing and set up are fantastic as is the casual atmosphere and going up and ordering one's own drinks and food.  I did not like the way the bathrooms were set up, the toilets are in separate rooms but there is a trough sink that is shared.  There were cute boys that came and cleared away, they seemed a bit dour but maybe it's because they were wearing black, they were friendly enough when you spoke to them though.   All the staff was nice and had a nod or smile as you walked by.One small point, if there is a band it's probably best not to sit too close as we did, even though they were fun 4 hours of trying to talk over polka music can eventually become tiresome, no matter how delightful the tuba player!
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,1/13/2012,203,272,6,13,6>I have only two requirements for food to be considered truly awesome: it has to be ridiculously delicious and not ridiculously expensive. Man, is this food awesome. Most dishes are $6.50 (including tax, cash only), and are quite unique. The blends of flavors and textures are just great. I had the house special noodles, which I really enjoyed. I also tried the flat noodles (kwetiaw, kind of like the drunken noodles that you get at Thai restaurants), and those were very flavorful and delicious as well. The crispy-skinned fried chicken (both spicy and non-spicy varieties) served with fragrant coconut rice looked great, as did a curry soup dish. It's difficult to beat the quality of food for the price here in Philly. The staff are busy but friendly, and kept our water glasses filled. We were the only non-Indonesians in the whole packed restaurant (that's how you know it's good). I'm positive that our favorite Indonesian-raised president would love this place. In fact, this place makes me wish I were Indonesian myself, so I would have an Indonesian grandmother to cook me these fantastic dishes. Do yourself a favor and visit Sky Cafe as soon as humanly possible. [The content of this message has not been approved or endorsed by President Barack Obama.]
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,1/12/2012,126,258,12,8,8>Is indoor claustrophobia having a negative impact on your everyday life? Do you constantly feel lethargic, restless and confined?Allow me to introduce: Kelly Drive.Kelly Drive works quickly and effectively to combat symptoms of onset cabin fever, lassitude and type I stationariness.  The path is uniquely designed to maximize your outdoor experience by providing easy access right from center city, with an entrance conveniently located at 25th and Locust Streets.  The paved path meanders past the art museum, along boathouse row, to downtown Manayunk and beyond - so no matter where you are, Kelly's there, too. Go ahead, escape the stale air of four-wall detainment, frolic among the Canadian geese, and embrace the great outdoors.  Kelly wants you to.The fine print: side effects include but are not limited to: heavy breathing, sense of freedom, healthier lifestyle, an addiction to the path and/or the activities associated with it.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2011,1/11/2012,82,189,8,7,7>Breezy, vacation-like vibe for the cloth napkin and Chico's set. If you're 40+ and you dig cruise ship railings, white palazzo pants, and pumping lite jazz, here's where you go to get your branzino herb-crusted with a flute of prosecco on the side. In other words, perfect for me.Menu feels a little random. Not in a "something to please every palate" way but in a "Snoopy and Woodstock prep Thanksgiving" way. - Tomato vinaigrette on tuna- Limoncello sauce on salmon- Truffle oil on branzino- A giant half plum tomato on mahi mahi- Bolognese sauce on NY steakThey're not the only ones on the Philly dinner scene to go the random route. Fitzwater Cafe has the same sort of take on dinner. Maybe it has broad appeal?  I'd happily return keeping in mind the above.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,1/10/2012,393,710,5,12,11>Having grown up in an Italian-American household in Northern New Jersey, I felt that I had my fair share of meals at "Italian restaurants."  Due to this experience, over the years I have been purposefully avoiding Italian restaurants in favor of expanding my palette.  I would have probably not come to this place if it wasn't my mother's birthday.  She picked it and we ate here.  I'm happy we did.The first thing that I liked was that the waiter pronounced bruschetta properly.  Having studied Italian, I always appreciate good pronunciation.  Speaking of the service, it was top notch and I don't see how they could improve in that department.  They are kind, personable and informative.  I was very pleased with the wait staff.Our meal was very very good.  We began with the antipasto misto and a small plate of linguine in white clam sauce.  The antipasto had burrata cheese (delicious) drizzled with balsamic vinegar, a few slices of speck and a grilled vegetable medley that had a ton of flavor.  The linguine was perfectly cooked (al dente) and the sauce had a very bright, garlicky flavor and the natural sweetness from the clam broth.  We definitely dipped the bread in the remnants of the pasta bowl.My entree was the lamb chop special.  The dish had 7 lolipop lamb chops that were perfectly grilled and rubbed with rosemary.  The rest of the dish was a bit lackluster (romaine and two steamed broccoli spears) however the lamb did make up for it.  I also got to taste the branzino acqua pazza and the cappellini with crabmeat.  Pretty awesome.BYO, and cash only I believe.  I really like this place and I'll highly recommend it to anyone looking for some very tasty and reasonably priced italian food in south philly.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,1/9/2012,185,680,15,9,13>Chaingmai is like falling in love for the first time. Step one: open a bottle of red wine that you brought to impress your loverStep two (a): order a fire-y, passionate dish like the Jungle Princess to set the mood (complete with perfectly sauteed vegetables) Step two (b): intoxicate yourself with the loving embrace of drunken noodles that are soft-yet-firm, spicy-yet-mellow, saucy-yet-elegantStep three: open another bottle of white wine that you brought to impress your lover, but realize it doesn't matter because he or she is already under the influence of the sexy, dark, mysterious ambiance exuded by the Chaingmai atmosphere that resembles the candle lit outskirts of a provincial Asian villageStep four: cool down the passion and solidify your future by adding a little tenderness to the night with ginger ice cream, fried bananas and mango sticky rice - all perfectly concocted - for a sweet ending.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,1/8/2012,146,222,6,11,9>Have you heard about the couple that lives in NYC with their two cats in a 175 sf condo?  To deal with their itsy bitsy space they've adapted some really resourceful ways of storing their belongings.  Due to a lack of closet space (or closets in general) they keep most of their clothing in local dry cleaning shops, making daily trips to drop off dirty & pick up fresh laundry.  Interesting concept...Frustrated with my own lack of kitchen space, I've come to think of Sue's Produce as my well stocked remote pantry/ walk-in fridge.  In my daily visits I'm able to select from a wide variety of produce - local, organic, conventional - they've got it all & maintain unbeatable prices.  They also make frequent trips to bring the Italian Market's best offerings back to Rittenhouse Square.This cash only gem of a shop is open 7 days a week.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,1/7/2012,1014,321,15,14,23>So Daniel is as fun to chat with as ever, and the selection keeps changing, with fresh items appearing all the time. Guess what I found today?? YOU WILL NEVER GUESS!Perfectly perfect wide-leg Valentino evening trousers in black wool, with embellished embroidery on the pockets. They were $55. They are Valentino and about as on-trend as it gets for vintage. There was also a stunning, 1920s dress -- allover black beading on sheer black chiffon. Though I DIED for it, that style is meant for the tall, lanky and flat-chested. None of which I am. But if you are, jet on over there and scoop it up. Five shining stars!
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,1/6/2012,81,125,3,6,6>Di Bruno's in Rittenhouse is paradise, one of my favorite places on Earth.Press your face up against the precisely-arranged cases filled with crave-worthy cheeses, meats, prepared foods, pastries, cakes, coffee, breads, charcuterie, fruits, veggies, sandwiches, and more, but try not to drool - this is a pristine establishment.  Pose all of your curiosities to the knowledgeable and helpful staff who will be happy to sample almost anything to you. Be mindful that you'll need at least an hour to meander Di Bruno's in its entirety - delight overcomes you and all else is forgotten as you stumble upon your old favorites as well as novelties you're now dying to try. If you want, make a day out of it and bring your riches upstairs to the cafe. You can even make a day out of it in the comfort of your own home, Di Bruno's caters. And although they're pricey, it's never a let-down.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2007,6/29/2007,51,62,3,3,1>Working only a couple doors from Lickety Split.  I use to frequent there for lunch.  The pizza slices are frickin' HUGE, thin and gooey.  YUM.  Try the spicy fries w/ cheese another deserving YUMMM.  The bar upstairs USED to be tolerable when a certain somebody ran the bar and he provided me with entertainment.  But besides him the crowd is kind of iffy.  Plenty of late nights spent there after work, I've witnessed a couple of regulars that find the upstairs bathroom a great place to smoke crack.  YES crack.. If you've read some of my reviews.  I ask myself, why  must i always end up in places where the find their happy medium with the crack?!!  =)  Come for the food, stay for the cheap drinks, either that avoid the perverted crowd.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2007,6/28/2007,388,837,4,4,4>I wreaked havoc on my digestive system by eating both Pat's and Geno's within the hour so I could do a side-by-side comparison.Result?  INCONCLUSIVE.Pat's - Pros:- Lots & lots of cheese whiz.- Thick(er), delicious pizza fries.- Better, softer, hoagie.- Cheesesteak add-ons such as mushrooms, peppers, and pizza sauce.Pat's - Cons:- Dirtier.  No pretty tables or clean condiment bar.- Ruder service.  If you don't get the ordering system right, you got to move to the back of the line.Geno's - Pros:- Thicker slices of meat.- Stronger onion flavour.- Clean restaurant decorated in bright orange colours.- Neon-lit environment.  Like the Boardwalk!- Nice service.  They actually wrap and bag your sandwich.  At Pat's, they throw it at you on a piece of wax paper.Geno's - Cons:- Not as much cheese.  Less cheese, less fun!- Thin, McDonald-esqe fries.  Again, less cheese.- Lack of cheesesteak toppings - no mushrooms, peppers, pizza sauce, or anything else.Overall:Better Food: Pat's!Better Experience: Geno's!Other tips:- Only outdoor seating at both places, so be prepared to sacrifice the tips of your fingers to frostbite during the colder months.  Or, alternatively, order to go.- Learn how to order.  First, specify what cheese (cheese whiz - the classic!, American, or provolone) you want.  Second, specify whether or not you want onions. For example, "whiz with" translates into "cheesesteak with cheese whiz with onions".  At Pat's, tack on the toppings you want following your order.- Geno's & Pat's are probably tourist traps.  I definitely believe that there are better places in the city to get your cholesterol fix, but you got to try the classics at least once!
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2007,6/27/2007,165,328,,6,2>Apparently there's this Philly bicycle subculture where everyone takes a midnight ride around the city and ends up at the Center City Pretzel Co. This bakery not only supplies Philly food stands with cheap pretzels at wholesale prices ($0.19 each for 50 or more) but provides scensters with a fresh-out-of-the-oven doughy after bar food for a extremely affordable $0.30 each. Let me tell you...fresh-out-of-the-oven? SO GOOD. But don't try to go here during the day. They're only open in the middle of the night. Mmmm...midnight pretzel run. Add a little mustard and chow down.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2007,6/26/2007,106,105,,6,7>Went to Philly and met up with 8 of my Lady cuz's to shake our thangs..  This place epitomizes what I ultimately love about Philly..We arrive and there is an unassuming entrance, no fluorescent lights, not an abvious scene, but once you're inside, it's as if you walked into someone's beautiful, old style mansion.  Dark wood, period detailing, sprawling staircase to the upper rooms, where there are bars and dj's spinnin' my fave ol' school beats on several levels..  The drinks flowed til 3AM as did the great music that all in all made for a great nite until 4am...What can I say?  The vibe was on point..Good times...
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2007,6/24/2007,61,166,4,6,4>A very up and coming area in Northern Liberties.  There is so much construction going on (not always great) and the little cafe's are opening up two and three (so it's ok).  This is a very quaint and eclectic restaurant which seats about thirty.  Imagine a big stick of cotton candy on a warm summer's *first* night, twirling in a broken down art(ist)fact graveyard, spinning quickly and then stopping immediately whilst all of the unique pieces are now strewn throughout.  You are at North 3rd.  A massive terridactile sized eagle made of batik, feathers and plaster garnish the ceiling over the bar.  There was a glowing blow fish above our table and my favorite was the dead pirate who's eyes follow you when you walk the hall.I love this place and will come back again.  I definitely wanted to check out the Northern Liberty section of Phily bc of the tiny galleries and the realness of a city.  Now I have an excuse to drink and eat.I had the tuna burger which was basically like a spicy tuna filling squished between two pieces of sourdough and drenched with pieces of spicy, hot ginger.  This was delicious.  There is a vast selection of bottled Belgian beers along with a slim but inviting cocktail menu.  The blood orange mojito was not overly sweet but pungent enough.  The taps included (but not limited to), hoegarden, plank (local), dogfish head and about three other unique brews.Three ladies, three meals, three drinks total 60.00 without tip. Not bad.  This is a definite must go to when visiting Northern Liberties.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,6/23/2007,69,303,,8,4>Tucked into a small storefront on Headhouse Square at Second and Lombard, just off of South Street and next to the Artful Dodger, you'll find Xochitl, one of Philly's hottest new restaurants.  Xochitl, pronounched "so-sheet," is named after an ancient Aztec queen, and I can only describe the fare as Latin American fusion.  And it is to-die-for.I recommend starting your meal with the fresh guacamole made right at your table.   It is the single most delicious guacamole you will ever eat, and you will find yourself scraping the bottom of the bowl in order to get every last scrap of it.  At least that's what I did.  Following the guacamole and chips, I highly recommend the scallops and watermelon ceviche, which is on permanent special.  While the combination of watermelon with shellfish may sound unusual, I guarantee that the thinly sliced scallops placed atop fresh, sweet watermelon and topped with microgreens will be the most unexpected and heavenly flavor combination that you've ever tasted.Once you've recovered from the mouth-watering appetizers, you will find that the entrees are just as delightful.  All of the varieties of ceviche served at Xochitl are delicious, and I especially liked their ceviche tostadas.  Another scrumptious dish is the poblano pepper stuffed with ground meat and topped with a vanilla walnut sauce.  If you prefer something else, Xochitl's menu is packed with creative concoctions featuring seafood, chicken, goat meat, and other proteins with spicy vegetable combinations.  The entire menu is featured online at xochitlphilly.com, except for the specials, so you can even make your decision before you arrive.If you still have room for dessert after your meal, you will have difficulty choosing just one item from the dessert menu.  I was too stuffed when I went there, so I opted for the Mexican hot chocolate, which was rich, creamy, and had the slightest hint of some sort of pepper.  My boyfriend and I were there for my birthday, and I suppose that I confounded his plans because I ordered hot chocolate instead of a solid dessert, but the waitress was so sweet that she stuck a lit birthday candle onto the hot chocolate's saucer.  If that's not personalized service, I don't know what is!In addition to the wonderful food, Xochitl also serves a variety of tequilas and other drinks that you will find appealing.  The tequilas are their specialty, and you can order a sampler flight of three from their extensive tequila menu.  You can also order tequila in cucumber shot glasses.  They also have margaritas, Mexican beer, and other alcoholic beverages.  My favorite drink, however, is their slightly sweet hibiscus-infused water.  If you are adventurous, I suggest their spicy beer concoction, which mixes beer with tomato juice and other spices.Finally, Xochitl's charming atmosphere and decor combines with its menu to make it one of the hippest new restaurants in Philly.  The cozy upstairs features a full bar area and a dining area, complete with the type of candle-lit decor one might imagine is featured in the old grand haciendas of Zorro's days.  If you go downstairs, you'll find another full bar and charming lounge area, where you can order drinks and food, and the entire atmosphere there is reminiscent of being on a starlight veranda.  The walls are a deep blue, the lighting is low, the couches are comfy, and candlelight twinkles off of mirrors all around you.I highly recommend making reservations if you intend to go for dinner because seating in the dining area is limited, and this place is becoming ever more popular by the minute.In all, I would say this is one place that  everyone in Philadelphia ought to try.UPDATE:  I've been here several times now, and I love this place more and more.  Everything I've had is always perfect, so I'm convinced the chef is a genius.  They also often run specials, like 4-course meals for $35.  The most recent special is the Frida Kahlo menu, which will run until the Frida show at the Art Museum closes on May 18, and which features recipes stolen from Frida's own recipe box (and, I'm sure, improved by the chef - it was all amazingly delicious).  Seriously, the chef there has a real knack for creating perfectly balanced dishes with delicate flavors and mind-blowing delectability.  Take, for example, some of his soups, which come with the ingredients in the bowl, and the broth is poured in at the table, with fresh onions and cilantro on the side.  Pure heaven.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2007,6/21/2007,37,409,1,9,3>Holy Moly.Wa-wa-we-wa.Give me Ron's, or give me death.This place rocks.We had the half chicken, red beans and rice, slaw, and cornbread.  The chicken literally melted in my  mouth.The red beans and rice were so phenomenal that my bf took the container and wouldn't share.The slaw was crisp and delish.The cornbread was reminiscent of something homemade.Thank the heavens for Ron's Ribs.  Now we FINALLY have a go-to take out place in Philadelphia!  Don't know what's for dinner, how about Ron's?  We are soooo overdosing on this place in the next few weeks. I guarantee it.I will say that it took us 2 attempts to eat here--the first time they were totally sold out of chicken! arg!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2007,6/20/2007,13,57,,2,1>Do not come here if you are used to polite servers, orderly service and fancy food. Entrance-Once in the door, you would be greeted by a server who will lead you to your seat with a glass of water and a menu. -Do not expect a friendly "hi, how are you today?". -Do not choose to sit in a booth where it would sag due to the amount of pressure exerted upon it over the years. Menu-   #1 Menu- is the typical menu that the server brings to you. This consist of mainly pho and maybe 3 rice dishes. The phos are divided upon how adventurous your taste buds are: the lowest being noodles with meatball.. the highest being noodles with tendons and planks. Also in the back, there is stars which you used to personalize your pho. Such as Star 3 means more noodles and Star 8 means no cilantro. (order: 1 number 15 please, star 8). #2 Menu- This can be acquire either at the front desk or upon request. This menu have actual dishes such as fish or fried rice, but it is only available depending on whether or not the chef is in. (he wasn't last night)We ordered 2 fried rolls as appetizers. I had the Thai bubble tea, my boyfriend ordered the blended strawberry with bubbles. (if you ordered just strawberry with bubble, they would give you powdered strawberry. Order Blended drinks if you want fresh) I ordered #25 which is a really yummy grilled chicken on rice with salad and a fried roll (the menu have pictures of the dishes). My boyfriend got the adventurous #15 which is pho with meatball, tripe, planks and some other stuff. After eating, readjust the button on your pants, leave the tips on the table and go to the front desk to pay. Tell the lady at the front desk your table number and she will calculate your bill. Make sure it is the correct amount, because they can sometimes add in an extra dollar or two. Then leave with a big smile, full stomach and barely touched wallet.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,6/19/2007,7,29,2,18,4>So you ask.. how did I turn into a  Dorothy Dandridge Goddess lookalike? ..  Or, more frankly, from a bear to a non-bear?  ;)  This Indian salon-- my friends have been trying to get in on this so here it is:If there is one thing India prides more than the exquisite cuisine of the land, the lush forests, the stunning palaces, the spectacular fashions:  it's the beauty of Indian women.  Indian women are so gorgeous!   Whether they are young or young-at-heart, there is a grace that shines through.  I get inspired and hope to capture a fraction of that Indian beauty, if I can.  Yet after quite a few decades on me ;).. I need a bit of help from my salon friends.So I searched far and wide for that perfect Indian salon.  Yet I hated the arrogant atmosphere of some of those Indian salons in north NJ/NY.  So I avoided them.. and ended up paying a fortune at "nicer expensive" places.  The gorgeous Indian NJ girls kindly let me in on their secret of one right here in South Jersey... and this place is an oasis!   They do hair, skin, waxing, nails, et all.  I hear they even do incredible thermal reconditioning / japanese hair straightening-- at a very low rates.  Now that's rare.  Moreover, they do it with no hoo-haaa or airs of the other places.. nor do they force your wallet to go on a diet.  The prices are so right-- an incredible fraction of those expensive places.Who would have thought a simple little hidden salon in the back of an Indian grocery store would turn up such treasures?  It is run by two lovely sisters, Sital and Sonal.. and they are so sweet and talented.    It is also nice because if you bring your friend(s) along, they can shop at the Indian botique across of it, do Indian groceries, and can eat in the complex restaurants (i.e Curry Cafe)-- and not get bored waiting for you.  So it's an all-in-one place.. nice.  I've tried their eyebrow threading numerous times and it's a thumbs up:  Eyebrow threading is de-facto Indian beauty treatment -- an ancient art.  Eyebrow threading is so much preferable to waxing (much more elegant precision, much faster, no allergies, less pain.. and much more refined-- as the thread is expertly used to create the removal/precision.).  All this for a mere $4.00!!  And me being a total bear, the sweet girl spent nearly a half hour perfecting it-- whereareas most places start giving you attitude if you want more than 5 minutes (actually threading is fast and takes only about 5 minutes-- so to be fair, spending more than 5 minutes may be a bit too much... but she will do it if you want that).  I never get more compliments than after she threads it for me-- I literally get transformed-- and with my years-- that's quite a feat.   People say... came back from a vacation...? you look so fresh..   This is not the case when I have it done by others.  I went to an expensive spa recently and they all wanted to know where I got my brows done-- even the spa personnel who does eyebrow waxing wanted to know.  She's that good.. that sweet.. to take her time to do it right.  She listens to what you want.  Bring photos (or not) and she will work with you.  Just the other day, I needed an elaborate extensive hair service for an event and they were booked for a month.  Seeing my dire need, the girls actually rescheduled their hectic schedules, placed me in for the whole day, and will be doing it for me.  **Update:  The hair turned out incredible.  They took all day to do it- they even skipped lunch to finish up.  They are SUPER. **So now you know my secret to being the Dorothy Dandrige - Goddess. :)  well.. almost. ;)
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,6/18/2007,111,85,3,6,5>Have you read about this yet? BYOT...Bring Your Own Tequila. Yeah...I know that's not original (see: every Lolita review), but the restaurant and BYOT? Definitely an original...Living in Chicago, I'm spoiled by amazing Mexican/Latino/South American food (if you don't know why, check out our recent census...we're blessed with a robust population of those from South of the Border), but I was steered correctly to Lolita by Philadelphians in the know! An amazing dining experience...Truthiness:- The guacamole is amazing (but as good (Chicagoans) as the made-to-order cart at Adobo Grill next to Second CIty)- The Margarita mixes are out of this world (esp the mango basil...mmm mmm good!)- The "Beef tips" -- not on the menu -- ask for them by name...you won't be sorry!!!!!- The Tiramisu (????) -- yeah, I know...at a Mexican joint...the tiramisu, with fluffy whipped cream and hazelnuts, is the best I've ever had. period.Go on a week night at around 6-7 before it gets busy!!!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,10/30/2009,87,192,5,11,12>Not only a great bar and restaurant, but hands down my favorite music venue in Philadelphia. It's a perfect size, though on nights of sold out shows, I wish capacity was a smidge fewer people as it can be hard to navigate. While the balcony seems to often put musicians at an unease, it's a great alternative to being floor level without the restriction of being 21+ to get up there (as with some venues).Great lighting for photogs, great local brews on tap with an ever-rotating draft list, delish food (try the Cubano sandwich or grilled cheese/tomato soup combo), again with a rotating menu. Dishes tend to not be consistent from visit to visit as the night's chef(s) decide how to prepare each meal, but everything has always been great. I've never dared try to octopus (a JB's staple), but I've heard great things. Not my first choice when I'm trying to eat on the cheap, but the atmosphere is wonderful.A very relaxed place, often full of 'hipsters', due to its great daily line-ups and moderately priced alcohol fare. Never a disappointment any night of the week.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,10/29/2009,72,175,5,9,8>I ate at Distrito on Saturday night for my friend's birthday party.  First of all, I love the decor because it's extra girly!  The walls are Pepto Bismol pink, the chairs are covered in a sort of gimp (also known as "boondoggle" - think 1980's summer camp and friendship bracelets) - totally funky and fun! Sean, our waiter, was pretty attentive.  I ordered a Strawberry Boing, which was ok, nothing spectacular though.  Now on to the food.  The food at Distrito is *sigh* GLORIOUS!  I ordered the Queso Fundido, which is like this duck and cheese bake.  They give you these mini tortillas and you can either spoon the QF out and put it on the tortillas or just eat it directly from the baker.  Keep in mind, they serve tapas, so the portions are small.  I also ordered the Platano y Crema (sweet fried plantain with cheese), which doesn't sound all that hot, but it tastes ABSOLUTELY delicious!  My friend ordered the Esquites, which is like this sweet corn, cheese and lime parfait - again doesn't sound too appetizing, but I tasted it and it was fabulous!  We also shared the Encarnacion nachos which were also really good. It's rare that you go to a restaurant with a large group and EVERYONE enjoys their food.  Seriously though, I could go back to Distrito to-night!  So for glorious food and fun decor, Distrito gets 5 stars!
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,10/28/2009,39,253,5,6,7>Unbelievable - seriously - unbelievable! I would consider giving my first born for the Diablo sauce - just hand me a spoon, my dignity means nothing. And you can just go ahead and cart the kid away if you pour it over the lobster ravioli or the sundried tomato spaghetti. I can't even describe how amazing the meatballs are. Put a few meatballs in a bowl and cover them in Diablo sauce and start your journey to heaven. The pasta here is fresh, flavorful and just all around fantastic. The prices are a bit steep but I think that is just because I turn into a kid in a candy shop and start piling items up on the counter without regard for prices. Any chance we could force them to have a contest where someone wins a supply of their products for life? I might end up a 600 lb. woman but I sure would be a happy one!
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,10/26/2009,49,67,6,8,7>Four words: half-priced-burger WednesdaysGrab a co-worker, grab a few bucks, a beer and a burger and you're all set. This place has open windows most of the time, so there will be some of God's creatures flying around. Not a big deal - it's nice to have an open air place in the summer. The best part about it is the burgers. I've never really had anything else here. I usually get my burger medium-rare and it's always been cooked just like that here. The meat is juicy and I love the way you can customize your burgers.Last week, I decided to go with a buffalo burger and it is so far my favorite. The bread is really good, the cole slaw delicious, and it comes with a pickle. Goes well with a beer and you won't spend an arm and leg here.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,10/25/2009,29,111,5,4,5>For all students of sculpture, the Rodin Museum is a true must- see.  Rodin's work is simply amazing and impressive beyond words.  This museum is quite small, but I think it really packs a punch.  When I went they were setting up for some kind of reception in the large center room so things were a bit crowded, but the larger sculptures were still just as striking as I feel they would have been even if the tables and chairs weren't there.  It's almost better to get a little "jolt " of only Rodin, since his work is so full of emotion, it is great to have it all in one place with no interference from other artists.  I would have really liked to see some more information cards, but at the same time, a lot of this work speaks to the viewer on its own.  The suggested donation is now 5 dollars.  You will be pressured by the doorman to pay.  Awkward.  When we were there a bride and groom were being photographed in front of "the gates of hell".... A terrible choice in wedding photo locations hahahaha
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,10/24/2009,51,191,5,7,7>Went in almost cocky and snarky. Thought, right.. lets try this Fogo De Chao wannabe! Gauchos carving hot, delicious meat at your table is my idea of heaven. Fogo showed me the light, and rewrote my idea of dining pleasure. Went to Chima, they have certainly met the challenge. Quality of meat is superb, service is second to none. Sure, you gotta flip the card.. telling the gauchos "Feed Me".. they are there before you can swallow your last bite. Please, what else could a person want?I'm still digesting all the gluttony I ate, it was worth having to hit the gym the next 45 days to burn it off.  I would cut back on the birthday singing.. let ppl goto TGI fridays or Chi chis for that garbage. Also, bypass the salad bar..sure it is terrific, but you'll save room for ..the main event.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,10/23/2009,36,63,3,10,6>I have been a tremendous slacker when it comes to Yelp reviews. It's only fitting that Resurrection was the place to revive my interest and get me reviewing again.Let's start with the environment.  The space is open and airy, and the window opening out to Grey's Ferry makes it feel larger than it is.  I've seen some complaints about noise and overcrowding, but neither of those was a problem on the Monday that I visited.  The music was pleasant, if a little theme-y, and at no point did it feel like it interrupted the meal.And the meal?  Yes.  Delicious.  The pickled fruit/veggie plate and the corn cakes provided an opening burst of clean and exciting flavors.  The Miatake Mushroom entree and the Twice Fried Chicken were both fantastic as well, and reasonably priced to boot.  It's nice to see the emphasis placed a little more heavily on the menu when compared to Local44, but the beer list is definitely solid, with a promise of future rotating craft and seasonal beers on draught in addition to a stable of excellent bottled beer.It looks like another home run from Brendan and Leigh and I look forward to rediscovering Resurrection as it's menu and beer list evolve.  Approve.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/22/2009,5,69,8,7,5>After going to get more than a few mediocre $40-$50+ cuts at various philly salons, and in my opinion just-as-good $20 cuts at places like chop shop & supercuts, i am skeptical about salons. chroma has been on my list of places to try since they're right near my apt & i heard they were open late on thursdays (til midnight if you have an appointment) which is my kinda schedule. i also liked the fact their blowdryers hang from the ceiling. So i dropped by tonight 'walk-in' style after work & got a great stylist , sandi, & a great cut, no hassle or snooty-ness at all. Plus a consultation BEFORE they washed (which even at the high priced places is difficult to get some times before they dunk your head in the sink) and a straight-forward no-pressure opinion about whether i should get highlights. Plus any salon serving wine, I like. I only ran into issues at the end when the cc machine broke down during my transaction. luckily i had cash which is unusual for me but then it got weird when i asked for a receipt to make sure it didnt go thru the 3 or so times they ran the card, oh well, i know where they live so to speak. Also, i agree the sweater-chihuahua is Paris Hilton but on the other hand, if i get a decent cut i'm not going to complain! Only time will tell how the style falls in a few days, but for now, I am happy! Also, they're apparently open on first fridays for wine tastings, and best of all, on halloween they will do your hair and makeup for you...... hmm i am really considering this if I decide to be sarah palin ;)
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,10/20/2009,84,198,6,6,4>Smokin Betty's is like Devil's Alley on human growth hormone. The space is much larger and open with a bit more light. The menu is more expansive and executed a lot better then it's counterpart. For the most part I would stick to the comfort foods part of the menu: the beef burgers, mac and cheese , biscuits and BBQ sliders are all good. The ribs are some of the better ones I have had in Philly ( I had them dry rubbed and dipped em in their sweet and tangy St Louis style BBQ sauce). What chaps my ass on city BBQ is when you order a full rack at some spots and they give you what appears to be ribs from an anemic miniature Cambodian pot belly pig. Not so at Betty's a full rack is a red blood American style portion proving why American will always suffer from heart disease- no problem Jefferson is down the street. I would stay away from their riskier dishes: salmon BLT and Turducken burger, both were a bit dry and disappointing, but they have a good happy hour. Either way a welcome addition to what is fast beginning to be my favorite part of the city.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,10/19/2009,51,94,6,6,6>Ants Pants is an Australian-theme bruncheon cafe. It's small but it's supposed to resemble the charm of authentic Sydney foodery. The name "Ants Pants" is actually Australian slang. When an Aussie finds something to be totally awesome they say "It's the ants in the pants!" If you ever visit Sydney and say this, they will be pleased you've heard of it. All the food is fresh, tasty, and served piping hot. For such a cramped place with huge crowds, especially weekends and most the college kids from University City, who will have a difficult time now that the South St. bridge will be closed for years to come for a new bridge. So they will have to detour across Walnut to get to the Ants Pants but it's worth the hike. Even just the simple eggs and toast has a kick that really is the ants in the pants. The only Aussie-based foods that you'll find here are two items. 1. Vegemite- a peanut butter-like spread that is used on mainly toast along with butter. Sometimes you'll find vegemite mixed with butter but a true Aussie puts puts butter first followed by the vegemite. 2. Iced Coa Coa Milk- Basically it's a glass of chocolate milk but with ice and a scoop of sweet vanilla ice cream, close to a milk shake but presented differently and just as delicious, if not even better. Well there you have it! You won't leave with ants in your pants but you will leave with a satisfied grin.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/19/2013,425,275,11,5,4>I'm going to institute a new rule for myself that I must follow. When trying out a new place, I'm to stick to the basics and then branch out to more exotic things on future visits ( if a return visit is warranted). Case in point, after hearing good things about NJW, I decided to try it out. I was a little overwhelmed by all the choices and I talked myself into one of the other flavors. Recently, while out with friends, someone got Garlic Parm Wings, which I scoffed at initially until I tried one. I'm not sure what happened next but I was pretty much lying in a pile of wing bones. So when I saw the option at NJW, I heard myself ordering them before I really even thought about it. Don't get me wrong. They were delicious. Even as I type, I find myself smelling my fingers like a young lover that...uh, I'm not going to finish my thought there. It's just that I don't feel like I can truly recommend their wings until I try the buffalo. Sauce aside, the wings were perfectly prepared and just the right size. There is about an inch of garlic Parm butter at the bottom of my takeout container that I'm tutting to figure out a use for short of just drinking it. My only complaint, and its minor and more a reflection of my own impatience and stupidity. I'm trying to cut down on unnecessary calories so I made up my mind to just get wings ( despite the place's name). 10 wings costs 7.50 which is a perfectly acceptable price. As I perused the menu during my wait, I noticed the everyday lunch special is 10 wings and fries for....7.50. Mostly, I'm glad I didn't see this because I don't need the fries. Still, I'm pretty sure free fries are 0 calories, right. It just would have been good customer service to alert me of the special when I ordered the wings. Definitely something that turns a place from real good to great. That aside, I'm interested to go back and try the buffalo wings and then hit some of the other great sounding varieties. I'm also to understand their cheesesteaks are good as well, and I'd like to give them the opportunity to knock my current favorite ( ironically another wing place , Wingers )out of the top spot. Now please excuse me while I go back to sniffing my fingers.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,12/18/2013,45,159,2,10,5>It was a little overwhelming when we walked into Mood Cafe and saw 60 lassi options and about as many options for chaats (which we'd never tried before), but Hassan was quick to alleviate our obvious first-timer concerns. He asks you what you've had before, what flavors of fruit/spices/etc. you like, and offers up suggestions based on his most popular lassis. And best of all, assures you not to worry because if you don't like it, he'll make you a different one at no extra charge. We were given the same guarantee for chaats, which rather than ordering off of the board, he simply made to our preferences with respect to heat level, etc. As promised, the chaats were a strange but perfectly orchestrated blend of flavors and textures: spicy, sweet, crunchy, creamy, salty... an unexpected symphony of deliciousness and variety.It's clear that Hassan is a businessman who justs GETS IT. He even says that the reason he'll replace anything you don't like is because he wants you to enjoy your food/drink so that you come back, which is the type of common sense/logic that many restaurants somehow fail to use. Not only will we be going back, but we'll tell all of our friends and family how great the food and service was. Hassan's style is simple, smart, and much appreciated by the consumer.Will undoubtedly be regular spot for my girlfriend and I, seeing as we're now hooked on chaats and only have 983987 more menu options to try.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/17/2013,87,112,,7,6>I LIVE for this place. It's so cute, it somehow reminds me of Alice in Wonderland, tea room. This place has the best CHAI TEA I have ever had in Philadelphia. I'm not a big tea or chai tea drinker but I crave it, badly, from this place. The chai tea is bursting with flavor with the right amount of spice that gives it a good kick. The chai tea is not made with that nasty powder crap.The place is always so cozy with delightful aromas, you can literally fall asleep in those soft comfy chairs. If you ever just want a quiet, peaceful, downtime, you must come here. All the unique knick knacks and antiques on the shelves and walls are for sale and they are all so neat.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,12/16/2013,113,122,3,9,5>What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!  Jerry's was absolutely delicious and very cozy.The cozy dark-wood joint is set just far enough off the beaten path that it can remain a neighborhood spot, which is great in a part of town that's full of destinations that attract tons of visitors from other parts of the city.The food was delicious:- House-made meatballs were served in a cast iron skillet soaking in a bath of delicious tomato sauce.  They were fall-apart tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  Just be sure to save some bread to scoop up that sauce.- Moules Frites came out in a huge heaping portion with a mound of shoestring fries piled on top, with a pool of beer broth below.  The mussels themselves were tender, plump and perfect (which is not all that common, unfortunately).  The fries were killer, and the broth was absolutely delicious.  My only complaint, and it's a small one: the bread to dip in the broth was decidedly lifeless; any kind of crisp on the outside would have made a big difference.- The Deluxe Burger was fantastic.  The beef was perfectly cooked, the cheese was a crumbled mound of salty, sharp cheddar that really lit up the burger.  Topped with a thick slab of amazing tomato on a buttery brioche, with a side of those shoestring fries.  Extremely satisfying.I will 100% be back for that escargot with jumbo lump crab... and those pickle-brined wings... and the chicken and bowties in truffle broth... and the french dip...
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/15/2013,62,169,2,6,4>I LOVE PAT! Philly AIDS Thrift is my favorite thrift store in Philadelphia. The tree out front has stuffed animals instead of fruit - if that's not a good omen, I don't know what is!You can find everything here - clothes, bags, furniture, kitchen stuff, posters, etc. The prices are always fantastic. There is SO MUCH stuff, but isn't the whole point of a thrift store to dig around in order to find the treasure? It's well-organized and the store is laid out in a logical way, so it's not too difficult to find something amazing. My favorite finds are a Wonder Woman mug for 99 cents, and a vintage Burberry trench coat (with some minor imperfections) for $18. I also have to mention the dollar room. There's a little room in the back of the second floor that has clothes and books and all items in it are $1. You really can't go wrong for a buck, after all. My friend found a beautiful geometric skirt and I got a super soft black GAP spaghetti strap. No matter what your style, you'll definitely find something cool at PAT for a steal. Plus, if you're bored on a rainy/snowy day, it's a cool place to just wander around for a few hours looking at things and sitting on really cool chairs.
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,12/14/2013,50,95,5,7,1>Ho-ly crap.I had never eaten an arepa before and Delicias has set the bar pretty high.  I had the Combinada, which is black beans, plantains, and cotija cheese.  This arepa contained the best plantains I've ever had and was jam-packed with flavor for such simple ingredients.  My friend had the chorizo which was also crazily good.  The size is perfect - enough to fill you but not so much that you feel like you need a nap afterwards.  Because of this, and the freshness of the ingredients and preparation, you actually feel like you're eating something semi-healthy from a food truck.  To top it off, it'll only set you back 5 to 8 bucks.  I will definitely go back and tell everyone of this awesomeness.The only cons?  There was a long-ish wait since it was lunch hour on a nice, sunny day, and eating the arepa can be a bit messy.  Let's just say I got cheese on my paperwork and left a bunch of beans on the sidewalk. There are going to be some gassy birds and squirrels in University City tonight.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/13/2013,96,305,6,5,2>I'm not in any way an expert on Thai food, but my friend who is a purveyor of anything Northern Thai swore that this is the best Thai food he's had in Philly and has brought me here twice in the ten days I've been back in Philadelphia.We've probably tried every dish here between the two iterations of coming here, and my favorites so far are:The Steamed/Fried FishMy friend ordered in Thai so I have no idea what the dish itself is called, but on the menu itself it just says "Fish: Steamed or Fried. Market Price." Both times we've ordered, the fish was Tilapia, and was cooked to perfection. The sauce they use with the steamed fish (some sort of oyster/fish sauce base with cilantro and thai basil) was beyond outstanding, while the fried fish was very crunchy and not oily at the same time. Papaya SaladI was on the fence with this dish at first because I have a tropical fruit allergy (mango, passion fruit, etc.) but I didn't go into anaphylactic shock after eating this dish so I guess I'm in the clear with this dish. Allergies aside, they cook and slice the papaya as if it's radish/daikon, and the natural sweetness of the fruit itself complements the spiciness of the dressing and the fermented crab extremely well.Stir-fried Vegetables with ShrimpI have no idea how the Thai stir-fry their vegetables or what sauce is incorporated in the process, but this stuff was like crack! I really need to learn what sauce goes into this so I can incorporate it into some of my Japanese yasai itame dishes. They were slightly chincey with the shrimp, but it wasn't anything unforgivable.Fried Wide-NoodlesFan-fucking-tastic. Nothing much else to say about it.There is also a very interesting employee working here who captures an emerging Thai fad/movement very well. Hint: listen to your waitress' voice and you'll get what I'm saying.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,12/12/2013,161,90,3,7,3>This place is super adorable! The decor wonderful and well designed. It's print upon print in the guestrooms. My friend booked one of the suites for her wedding and used it as her bridal suite the morning of the wedding. There was enough room for 3 stylists and almost 10 other girls running around and getting ready! A great location and view as this is right on the corner of the Liberty Bell. The decor was so cute. Nice furniture and enough room to hangout with mimosas, food and makeup. The bathroom was fab! A huge area to get ready and then a glass wall divided the shower and the lovely, modern tub complete with bath salts to relax after the wedding. Bonus! This place is pet friendly. So we brought her kitty into the bridal suite to hangout with us while we got ready and take pics!
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,12/11/2013,393,710,9,13,9>They make a pretty mean mole.After having been here a few times, I'm a fan.  The prices are excellent, the staff is nice (and they are used to putting up with lots of rude customers) and the food stands up.  They definitely make concessions for vegetarians and vegans and I really like their al pastor.BYO, cash, card and LEVEL UP which definitely gives you a healthy variety of payment options.  I promise that if you get the chicken mole burrito and you're still hungry, your appetite is not human.Give it a shot, just watch out on Friday/Saturday nights for the 30 deep college party that shows up looking to turn the place into a frat house.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/10/2013,92,80,8,10,7>FINALLY this place opened today.  I just walked through and it looks perfect.  So, it's confusing upon arrival, but the place is part charming coffee joint, part prepared foods/luncheonette, and part self-service grocery.  Prepared foods all look fresh and fantastic (how could they not be on day #1, I guess, but still..).  The prices are reasonable for the gourmet look of the place - and they've got a self-service grocery (cheaper than Whole Foods) where you can buy fresh, local produce - acorn squash at $1.49/lb ain't half bad.  What I am most impressed with, however, is that they have FOUL BARREL COFFEE.  Yes.  Ohhhh my, yes.  And they open at 6:30 EVERY DAY.  That means that there are zillions of 6:35am hard pours of Four Barrel, a true SF treat, in my future.  My early-ass commute to teach high schoolers just got so much better.  Psyched to get to know you very, very well, Tela.  Welcome to Fairmount!
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,6/3/2009,28,26,7,7,4>I was first of all impressed by this pretty, pretty space. It's casual here, but also dressed up enough for a nice outing or date. So we'll get to the main attraction - the chicken. For 20 bucks you get a bowl of 20 wings and drumsticks with a very crispy, yet shocking light coating. We opted for half soy sauce and have "special seasoning" and I think we did it right. The soy sauce could of had a little more oomph, but the chicken as moist and awesome anyway. The "special" was delicious - kind of sweet with a tiny kick. We polished the bowl in no time. I also loved the pickled radishes - who knew it was a perfect complement to wings?My only big-time gripe here is the prices. I'm ok with spending the money on the chicken because that's well worth it but how can you get away with charging 5 bucks for coffee and tea? Is this tea bag in my water made with precious exotic tea leaves specially grown by a Korean prince? Harumph.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,6/1/2009,161,111,6,17,13>This is one of my favorite destinations for sushi. Of course, I like to go all out with my fish, but this place doesn't disappoint. I always order their Love Boat, which has enough sushi/sashimi for two people. It's a nice variety of great quality fish. Another thing that's a *must have* is their wasabi fries. It is soooooo amazing!! I also love their Okonomiyaki... very tasty. This place is highly recommended whether you are a hardcore sushi eater, or if you're afraid of the raw stuff, they have a lot of cooked entrees as well.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,5/31/2009,2553,1314,15,16,16>It was a random twist of fate that brought me back to Jose Pistola's doorstep once again.  The original plan was to meet up with some fellow yelpers at The Good Dog for libations.  When I arrived at the GD however, the second and third floors were reserved for a private party and the main bar was packed.  I quickly decided that Jose Pistola's had the makings for a really solid Plan B.  Despite not loving the place the first time I was there, I knew they had a very solid beer selection and ample space for my crew.  When I walked through the doors and heard G-Love's voice oozing "my baby's got sauce," I knew it was going to be a good night.  I took my saucy self to the upstairs bar and set up shop.  Buddy the bartender was my instant amigo.  First of all, the man was setting a timer for the upcoming Flyers game and he was wearing an Eagles' shirt.  I knew this was someone I could trust with the big decisions in life, and I put my beer drinking fate in his hands.  Throughout the evening, Buddy introduced me to Triple Karmeliet, Buffalo Bill's Pumpkin Ale, Bells Two Hearted Ale and best of all, Blanche de Bruxelles.  He also gave our little group a heads-up on the good eats.  I went for the chicken quesadilla with a side of guac and it was seriously awesome.  Have I mentioned that I'm not only a member of the clean plate club, I'm also the president?  A great night was had and I am now a big fan of Jose Pistola's.  Yay for second chances!
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,5/29/2009,7,16,3,4,4>LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE EL VEZ...u want killer mehicano food? EL VEZu want tasty alcohol filled Sangria? EL VEZhow bout a photo booth or trickedout bike in the middle of a bar?ELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL VEZZZZZZZZZZyea, on a saturday night, its pretty loud and theres a decent amount of people waiting to eat, or even get a table, but the Enchiladas are amazing and the appetizers are so cheap and filling that ud wanna skip on your entree. The staff is super friendly and the decor puts alot of other philly establishments to shameon a nice/breezy spring night, hitup El Vez with some friends and experience Philly @ its bestGET A PITCHER OF BERRY SANGRIA & Nacho Mama Nacho's...I DARE YOU...ull kinda fall inlove =]
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,5/28/2009,7,20,6,9,7>having just moved to south philly, i asked one of my new co-workers - "what bars capture the essence of philadelphia?""check out ray's happy birthday bar."and oh boy, was she right.  i came for the friday karaoke night, and was not let down.  the bartenders here, particularly one of them, seem to favor the females in the bar - i scored a double whiskey sour for $2.50.  $2.50?!  unheard of in my former city of NYC.smoky - which i didn't mind, as i tend to light up when drinking.  the karaoke was glorious - the "DJ" (i didn't realize a guy who does karaoke can consider himself a DJ) had a huge book of classics.  unfortunately, i did not get to perform, due to all of the requests he had to take.  (note to self: come early next time)  but it was sure as hell fun watching old italian guys and hipsters alike busting out a wide array of tunes.considering this place opens early, and is right up the street from my apartment, i will most certainly be a loyal customer.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,5/26/2009,585,298,7,6,6>The Head Nut has all the nuts known to man in large specimen jars forming a wall around the head nuts at The Head Nut. Sheila and Michael are the sales staff there and they both have a lot of knowledge about nuts, spices, coffees, and hot sauces as well as candies. For Thanksgiving, Michael suggested a spice rub for my Fried Turkey that turned out perfect and he also helped me choose the herbs and spices for my Homemade Cornbread Stuffing. The Head Nut also sells lots of great Coffee. They have a Market Blend that's a great everyday coffee and I just tried a yummy Coconut Cream cup of Coffee this morning and it was fantastic. They change the selection of fresh brewed coffees all the time and I can't hardly wait for the next big time flavor of that morning brew.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,5/25/2009,32,331,6,8,7>The Gleaners and I...a love story...Moving across the country and missing all of my old haunts has made me really appreciate finding "happy places".  You know, the place you run to when everything sucks and you just want to stab everyone you see.  You know if you go there it's all gonna be ooooookkkkaaaayyy.  The Gleaners totally fits this bill for me.  From the silly hip kids who cruise up on their fixies, to the delicious vegan goods, to the smiling baristette, to the mondo amazing bagel sandwiches (and I HATE bagel sandwiches), to the light flowing in through the window, to the cute boy customers for ogling, to the ability to step outside and be in the heart of the Italian Market, to not feeling weird about whiling away hours here just trash talking...it is a very happy place for me.  Come here for bad days.  Make them go away.  Find your happy.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,5/24/2009,156,274,7,8,9>Oh you are a sneaky one Mad 4 Mex, just so seductive with those big 22oz Margaritas for $7 during Happy Hour. Kiwi, Strawberry, Strawberry Rhubarb and other flavors of the rainbow for your margaritas...After concluding a happy hour here, you somehow had convinced me to drink 3 of your 22oz margaritas, which seemed to quickly take effect between the hours of 7-9pm and had me in bed by 9pm.  Little did I realize that your seemingly innocuous 22oz drinks with their fruity flavor masked the alcohol content.But I will be wary of your tricks next time Mad4Mex.  I  should have known better after the first time that I came to you with a mysterious blonde yelper and will be more prudent in the future after celebrating the passing of our prelim exams during your happy hour.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,5/23/2009,174,372,3,6,7>During Equality Forum, a good sized contingent of great friends and new acquaintances went here for dinner on Thursday (Dining Out for Life). Although our party shrank in size from our initial reservation, the staff at Fork was gracious enough to put us in a private room in the back. The light fixtures were out of this world - papyrus paper lined light casings. The back room did have a bit of a board room feel, but it was awesome! At one point in time, it felt like we were at the long table from Kill Bill and we were in anticipation of Lucy Liu running down the center of the table... Alas, no matter how many drinks we had it didn't happen! LOL! The food was amazing and the service was astounding!
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2009,5/22/2009,21,26,6,6,6>I love West Philly, and love that places like Local 44 are cropping up closer to my home.  I was hoping I would be head over heels about Local 44.  While I didn't fall in love with him/it, I'd like to remain friends.  SO, here's my plan... I'll get some action at Local 44 first (like an afternoon-cap [instead of a night cap] and a french-fry appetizer).  Then go to somewhere else for the cuddle and relationship (dinner).  I hope that works them, because I'm cool with it.OK, I'll explain...My friend and I got a seat right away...but I attribute that to the fact that we were kind of catching the early bird special at 6pm.  Good thing we did, because by 7:00, the place was packed.  I don't know if I've ever witnessed such a packing in a West Philly establishment.  Moving on to less practical fare...the food was ok.  We ordered the Cuban Sandwich (which was a little dry, i'd say...the meat and the sauciness...i like my sandwiches saucy), the sweet and spicy wings (which were mostly sweet and not at all spicy), and a side of fries.  I AM a french fry connoisseur, and i REALLY did enjoy them.  There was a good selection of beer (point) and the staff was friendly (double points).  There's my explanation...which is good for now...although I'll probably regret my decision, like most of my relationship decisions.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,6/18/2012,585,298,7,10,7>There is more to this vegan  thing then I anticipated. Seems like there are some benefits that I really like about it, first it's really inexpensive to eat vegan food. Second I have been losing weight and third, when vegan food is done right,  it's really quite good. I probably won't ever go all the way vegan,  but I definitely will include more in my life.I went to Maoz the other day to try falafel somewhere else besides Mama's. The spot is shiny & bright with a simple menu and some of the freshest veggies I ever saw. Unlike Mama's you are handed your pita sandwich and you can add your own combination of veggies and sauces to your liking.I was like a diabetic in a donut shop!  When I got finished stuffing that pita with all the veggies that I liked and finishing it off with some of those delicious sauces and a healthy sprinkle of a feta cheese, I could hardly hold it with one hand! But alas, the only problem was that falafel wasn't as good as Mama's. Everything else gets 5 stars, I even had a large salad after that large sandwich and I still didn't go over 10 bucks. Another good benefit from the food was that I did not have a bad case of the "Itous" and enjoyed a brisk walk up to Holt's for my kind of dessert .....a cigar!
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,6/17/2012,113,122,4,13,10>Alright, other bars in Philadelphia.  It's been a good run.  You've given it a solid shot.  But I'm afraid there's a new game in town and it's running circles around you.  I've been stalking Lee on Twitter for months, waiting for a chance to get in and see this near-mythical spot, but sadly when the invitations for tastings came I was already booked and couldn't make it.  I had to make do with waiting till opening day... and the wait was well worth it.Hop Sing Laundromat knows what it's doing.  It's only been officially open for 24 hours, and already it's my favorite bar in the city.  Lee has somehow reached into my mind and built exactly the kind of place I want to go to drink.  It's dark.  It's cozy.  It's classy.  It's for grown-ups.  It's intricately detailed and customized by a man who seems to never be satisfied, even when his establishment is already so far ahead of the game.  That passion shows in the entire Hop Sing experience.The cocktails were superb, every last one.  The liquor itself is excellent, but hopefully you already knew that.  I drank rum with fresh-squeezed grape juice.  I drank the most delicious, drinkable gin martini of my life.  I drank a gin and raspberry concoction.  I tasted a margarita that was shockingly easy to drink despite its simple ingredient list of tequila and fresh squeezed lime juice.  Lesson: the liquor matters, and Hop Sing knows it.  Simple mixtures of incredible ingredients make for amazingly tasty cocktails.In a review for another spot I wrote about a bartender who mixed a handful of excellent drinks for me, and was happy to be able to pour for two cocktail-lovers at a bar that served primarily beer.  My girlfriend and I were very pleasantly surprised when we sat at Hop Sing only to find that same bartender was our server... and she proceeded to floor me by remembering what we drank at her prior establishment, weeks ago.  That's the kind of attention to detail I think Hop Sing Laundromat is going for, and exactly the kind of thing I notice and love.I almost wish I hadn't written this review, I want this place to always have a table for me and I know writing 5-star reviews won't help that happen.  But Hop Sing Laundromat deserves it.  I hope it's around for a very long time.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2012,6/16/2012,82,189,7,3,4>I can't BELIEVE I didn't review the original incarnation of Xochitl. Probably because it was my go-to first date place and it was on the QT. Then I fell out of the habit of dating. Then there was the overly long relationship with speed dial and Little Italy Pizza. Anyway, New Year ...Like many here I approached the new Xochitl with trepidation/shoulder chip. I just really liked what we had and wasn't ready to move on. So for those of you who like me, knew the old and are curious about the new (well, it's 6 months new), this review is for you.Atmosphere is still great.Service improved vastly after the sh!tty dip earlier this year.Menu kept some of the greats from before but changed it up and got slightly less adventurous. At first blush it reads more basic (blah blah blah tacos, tamales) but the ingredients and execution keeps it all interesting.They had the nerve to remove the queen bee item from the former menu, Tortilla Soup, BUT they talked me off the ledge when they revealed it was the night's special. I haven't tried their version, but based on how they handled the other dishes, I feel reasonably confident they'll do it well.The red sangria got a makeover from brush-teeth drinking glass to a stem glass with a half straw with red grape halves. Still works though drinking it with the straw makes me feel so ... effete. Ole.The guacamole (I got the regular - I can't abide by the mix-ins concept popularized by lame El Vez) was suprisingly excellent - complex flavors, good crunch, deceptively rich. The tortilla chips were very fine - thick cut.  But not stellar. I wanted them to be a little warm. Or a little lime. Or both.The queso fundido (two versions, adobe peppers or chorizo - I did the peppers) was tasty but imperfect. It was a little greasy - sort of ridiculous complaint given molten cheese IS grease. It formed a nice cheesy crust which to me is grade A fat-girl eating. The tortillas tasted a little pre-fab, which brought the dish down a notch.The fried chicken was a mixed bag. As someone else mentioned the menu takes pains to let you know how involved the preparation is. The final product is very good though maybe not a panty wetter. It's moist from the 40 days and nights of marinating but not necessarily flavorful. And the chili sauce lacing visual resembled the way a Bennigan's would drizzle icing on a danish. It's kind of pedestrian and a wood deflator. The accompanying corn bread was wonderful: some nice chewy corn, good rough texture while the overall effect remained moist. I wanted the bread to be warmer, but you can't have it all. The side greens with chorizo is a miss. Way too much chorizo and a little heavy on the vinegar. I live for greens but I'm not so sure about these.But clearly I was happy with my meal & overall experience (loved the waitress - friendly, knowledgeable, not at all pushy, efficient) so I asked if they had dessert and ... they do. I got this roiling hot chocolate cake in a ramekin (not the molten style - I believe that concept has finally inched its way to restaurant heaven) but the real news here is the topping. A dense shlag-style cinnamon whipped cream plopped on top the size of a latin nut sack. And it was f!cking amazing. Huge bonus points for the God smart enough not to add sugar to the whipped cream. So much better sans sugar. PS that cake was unbelievably delicious and my new, larger waist size can prove it.Let's review:great atmosphere, service and red sangriagreat guacdecent queso fundido - let's say B+reasonable fried chicken - let's say B+thunderously perfect chocolate cake with a nipple pincher of cinnamon whipped cream throwdownXochitl happily remains on the regular rotation.Postscript, I am so annoyed by any review that starts with some complaint about not being happy about a Groupon. I wish Yelp had a sort feature to remove them.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,6/15/2012,189,352,6,9,5>Big surprise, another good review for Lolita. It sucks because we're pretty much SET UP to give it a good review. Any place that encourages you to bring your own tequila is asking for at the minimum an automatic 4 stars review because you won't be pissy that you spent $100 alone on drinks. I had the carne asada on the suggestion of my server and freak her because I came not especially hungry and scraped the entire dish clean. The sauce was amazing and it was perfectly cooked! I think she was trying to thwart my attempt to get obliterated on tequila. Which I am so thankful for.I tried the boy's short ribs and had to tell myself that eating four forkfuls is no longer "tasting" somebody's dish. And my two other friends liked their dishes too. But I can't comment on them because they also licked their plates clean before I got to "taste" them.We then shared a dessert-- cheesecake. Big mistake. It was like a race to the end. I don't think I swallowed at all-- I just kept stuffing my face before other people could. So greedy.Anyway here are the things we all complain about even though we live in Philly and should be used to it: cash only, no reservations on friday and saturday nights, not that many vegetarian options. Ok I said it. But remember, I'm also saying that I loved it.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,6/14/2012,146,222,2,9,6>Were you sad that Miran closed?  Fret no more & get yourself to BYO Wajoe!I'll lay my CC Korean food chops on the table to help you gauge my review - I'm Korean but didn't grow up eating K-food, I liked Miran back in '08 but not so much in recent years, Giwa bb-bop is fresh & huge but the stews lack flavor & heat, hate BBGo, find Miga bland & I light a candle each night for the passing of Pastoral.With low expectations we ordered a kimchee pajun & dukbokgi to start.  The plan was to bail out if things were terrible.  After the deliciously crisp & steamy pancake with just the right chewy texture & the tender, spicy dukbokgi we decided to share a kimchee hot pot bi bim bap.  The gochujang was thick & spicy, and the kimchee was aged just the right amount.  Could it be that I no longer need to mourn the loss of Pastoral? *No Amex accepted.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,6/13/2012,32,141,1,19,3>Today is the first day of summer break for public school teachers in Philadelphia. Collectively, we had a tough year this year and we deserve some pampering. Also, collectively, we have a bit of a hangover from a few days in a row of intense happy-hour-ing. So, two of my girlfriends (also teachers) and I made the journey up Broad Street to Chung Dam today, and boy was it worth it.I got a body scrub and massage- a 90 minute treatment for just $60. I am pretty sure I got about a pound of dead skin (that I didn't even know was there) scrubbed from my body. The massage was wonderful as well. After my massage, I enjoyed the different tubs and heated rooms that they had to offer. It was a nice variety and very enjoyable.The facility itself is clean, and there were very few people there in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday- just my style! I'm almost hesitant to review Chung Dam Spa because it seems like a well-kept secret and I'd like it to stay that way. Also, it's open until 11:30 which makes me think, how awesome would it be to arrive after dinner, relax until closing time, and go right into a blissful slumber?
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,6/12/2012,126,258,5,7,5>It's 12:33PM and the stagnant scent of burnt coffee is becoming too much to handle. I am in dire need of a cubicle escape. A "cuscapé", if you will.Impetus comes in the form of a craving. A SOUP CRAVING. Where to go where to gooo? I mean Au Bon Pain is just yards away, Cosi's not much farther. In fact, there's an entire food court brimming with stale, over processed, over-sodiumed varieties of soups a mere half block from my office. But I don't want any of that.I want something Fresh. Healthy. Delicious. Something in the realm of pureed kale, spinach, and cauliflower, seasoned with hints of cumin, cilantro and curry. YES, such delights exist in center city! It's called PureFare's green goodness soup and you would be insane not to worship its innate ability to satiate without overfeeding. I enjoyed this alongside a quinoa blueberry muffin (which, I am glad to report, contains WHOLE blueberries bursting with juicy goodness).Good things to know:+Seating is limited but it never seems to be overwhelmingly packed - there's one large shared center table, some stool seating along the windows and a couple of tables outside for the warmer months and/or those with polar bear skin. +Free wifi. +Service is a bit slow but I don't mind - I come here to get away from the 16-17-18 st. hustle bustle, anyway. +Prices are a little steep (specifically for the specialty drinks) but if you stick with a salad/soup/sandwich it's really quite reasonable.+ The drip coffee looks legit, although I haven't tried it.+Interesting baked good options include olive oil/thyme muffins & avocado chocolate chip cookies.+They track your purchases through their website - after 12 visits you get a 20% off coupon & the site also doubles as a calorie tracker, if you're into that sort of thing.PureFare is definitely worth a visit, plus it's an excuse to eat a healthy meal! (although I have a feeling that homemade twix bar of theirs is rather decadent....).
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,6/11/2012,79,66,5,4,5>They say that sex and pizza are alike in that even when it's bad -- it's good.Yeah, this is totally incorrect. There's the floppy garbage you eat when you're drunk and just don't care what you eat as long as it's made of carbs and then, there's transcendental, fire-kissed pies with real ingredients that would make a Neapolitan weep with happiness.I think we all know which category Anthony's falls into.If you think Domino's makes a good pie -- just stop right now. Seriously, put down the artery-clogging stodge and try something better. Usually, I'm not a fan of thin-crust pies. Primarily because my experience with them has been less pizza and more pizza ingredients on matzoh but Anthony's has the consistency down to an art form - not too thick, not too thin and all delicious.Their plain pie is great -- an even balance of mozzarella and good sauce that actually tastes of tomatoes -- but their specialty pies are worth seeking out. Their fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil pie is a great take on the Caprese salad but the best thing on the menu has to be the Eggplant Marino pizza. And no, I'm not just saying that because I'm a Dolphins fan and would eat an old shoe if Dan Marino's name was on it. It's a really good pizza -- the best qualities of eggplant parmesan and pizza without the heaviness of the former dish. Sprinkle a little crushed red pepper on that thing and we're talking pizza perfection. And I should know. I've been fueled by pizza since childhood. Although I've never eaten them myself, I've heard nothing but raves about the chicken wings. These aren't your fifty cent wings laden with tangy Buffalo sauce. These are coal-roasted with herbs and served underneath a heap of butter-soft caramelized onions. The pies are definitely Main Line (a large specialty pie will run you approximately $20) but good food is worth good money and at Anthony's, you're definitely eating well.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,6/10/2012,42,306,3,10,7>This is a perfect shop, and is exactly what the Italian Market should be (except it's Mexican).  They make tortillas, chips, and salsa.  I enjoy the simplicity of the selection, and there's no need to do more than what you're really good at.  The nicer, older man churning out tortillas at break-neck speed is very friendly and likes to give out samples.  We should have heeded his advice on the red salsa:  it's extremely hot.  The other variety is delicious, and I didn't think twice about taking a container home.  I can't wait to try my kilo of blue with my tacos this week.  You can't beat the ground pork deal at the Asian market (.99 a pound) along with the taco seasoning at the spice corner with blue tortillas.  This particular section of the Italian Market can't be beat.  You have the Tortilleria, DiBruno's, the spice shop, and the best produce all on the same corner.  Not to mention my friend Sonny and his wild boar proscuitto a couple doors down.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,6/9/2012,400,308,9,7,6>So...  I bought a milkshake.  One milkshake. To go.  For $10.  True Story.Did I get swindled? Did my sweet tooth take over all my powers of reasoning? Did I temporarily get swayed by the light show that accompanied my milkshake, whereby, a lovely dough-y marshmallow sitting atop rich unctuous fudge and two homemade graham crackers was set ablaze prior to being dunked in my 'hot' milkshake? Did I get distracted by the lovely nostalgic candy and sodas in glass bottles? Or was it the throwback interiors and the lovely, attentive service?Who knows - but damn - Sucker!Maybe I'm a sucker, but was the milkshake other-wordly, each sip plunging me deep, and deeper into a sugary goodness of a colossal caloric coma?It t'was. Indeed it was.  Rich, frothy, creamy and as I sucked down the shake to its last remnants from the darling paper straw, my inner child rejoiced.As it's been said, super pricey once in-a-little while experience, but the deliciously sweet homemade goods do deliver and the nostalgic soda, ice cream parlor feel makes it a special destination.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2010,10/17/2010,162,210,6,10,6>10 dresses, $36.  That was my latest score.  It's not always that great but it is freaking huge and there's a high clothing turnover/donation rate so new merchandise comes out daily.  This particular thrift store is warehouse style separated into sections by age, sex and clothing style with all clothing on racks.  Purses, scarves, ties, and seasonal wear line the outer walls. They also have a housewares section where you can score lots of awesome artwork, (I got a paint by number horse on velvet, hello!) pyrex and pretty vintage china sets.   There is no dressing room, just a lone mirror in the back by the wall of purses.  Leave your ego at the door and wear something tight fitting so you can try stuff on over your clothing.   The staff aren't the nicest people in the world but neither are most of the clientele so I can't really blame them.  They do have a ridiculous policy that I'm guessing stems from people trying to scam a thrift store.  If an article of clothing is missing a price tag it must be removed from the floor and priced only to be returned the following day and they will not hold it for you.  I mean I get it, people can just willy-nilly rip off tags but it's a thrift store, not Neiman Marcus.  I lost an amazing plaid overall dress this way and I'm still bitter about it. $10 minimum for cards, so bring cash or buy lots.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,10/16/2010,77,57,7,9,4>I'm afraid to go back to R2L for fear I'll: a) freak out the cute foodie server I already seemingly stalked for his food knowledge; b) have another meal so remarkable that it will harsh on everything else I eat for a week.My husband and I went the Friday before V-Day (that's Valentine's Day, gutter-brains), and we really didn't know what to expect aside from guaranteed truffle oil (we know our Daniel Stern).After a slightly awkward ascent via the elevator with a couple who looked like they might be going up to the 37th floor to push each other out the window, we arrived at a fairly fab, glam-but-not-overdone space that was obviously fancy but not so fancy that I wished I'd broken out the fur.We waited at the bar and had a couple "eh" house speciality cocktails (something manhattan-ish... something else wtih gin...not memorable, obvi), followed by a couple glasses of wine.  I remember the eye candy who served my drinks more than what I had.  Gorgeous girls behind the bar and in the cocktail area.  When we were ushered to our table, we finally checked out the menu and saw at least 40 things we wanted to try, so we thought it over while snacking on olive loaf and sourdough bread - both amazing.For starters, we ordered the warm spinach salad (I think it was served with pate?) with poached egg.  It was to die for -- perfect amount of egginess, great presentation all around.  I ordered the lobster roll (lobster roll with a hint of lavender!!) on house-made brioche, which came with chips and some other cute little lobster-tentacle-esque garnish.  I seriously housed this lobster roll, and hoarded it so that my husband couldn't have any.  Happy Valentine's day, baby.  F-ign unreal.Main course... My husband ordered the salmon, which was poached in olive oil and probably the single best piece of salmon I've ever eaten.  I was SO JELLY over his order.  I had the flatbread with arugula and truffle oil (see earlier reference in part one of this food novella), and a side of broccoli, which somehow was the best broccoli I've ever eaten.  Someone obviously crushed pretty hard on the broc while they were making it, because it was unreal and just so delicate... Yes, I just reviewed a side of broccoli. For realsies.Dessert (yeah, we went there) was beignets, and this crazed garbanzo bean cookie topped with poached pears and honey ice cream.  Our server brought out some delicious honey-related (I say related because I don't know if it was infused or how it got there) cognac to pair it with.  I had one of those "food moments" where I was like... You know what?  I'm okay with everything in life right now and I would like to have the Chef's love child in the very near future.Unbelievable meal, amazing service, sweet atmosphere, and a meal I can recall in complete detail a month later.  Bravo, R2L.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,10/15/2010,400,308,4,8,5>I tend to stay away from restaurants that are too theme-y, or that try too hard and distract you with décor or costumes for their servers (I'm looking at you, Stephen Starr!) - but Brauhaus Schmitz is the exception to the rule.  Despite the distraction of very perky bosoms, I enjoy the dirndls - they remind me of the Sound of Music and Oktoberfests of years past.  It is also a nice little throwback to the dearly departed, Ludwig's Garten - and gives the space a little color and personality.  Dirndls or not, service is knowledgeable (they know their beers), prompt and pleasant.The space is a bit generic, narrow, tight and bright with lots of golden wood (hey ho! I'm only talking interiors, here!) and two floors for dining.  Disappointingly, the bar and bar area is smaller than you would expect from a German Beer Hall.  The bar has enough seating for about ten people and because the space is so narrow, it is aligned next to the dining booths and does not leave room to mill about.For fans of German cuisine, this menu is here to soothe your hungry belly.  Rib-sticking, carb-laden beer drinking grub with hefty portions to boot - and reasonably priced too!   Try their full-bodied tasty goulash - there's also mad offerings of wurst... along with mmmm.. homemade bratwurst, which comes in both half a meter and full meter. (don't be a wimp, order the meter! you won't regret it)  Also a fave, is the Jagerschnitzel served with Kartoffelpuffer (a must - moist potato pancake served with sour cream) and to lighten the heavy load, their house salad dotted with plenty of red sliced radishes (all main dishes come with a choice of two sides). Most importantly, so very importantly, is their bier.  Ja, Bier!!  A seriously fantastic collection both on tap and in bottles and if you want, served in massive steins.  Two of those will do the trick. Trust me.  If you're in a friendly group that aren't germaphobes be sure to partake in the DAS Boot challenge: a two litre Boot-shaped glass.  Brauhaus fills it up with your choice of beer and it goes like this: each person in your group must take a turn drinking from the boot, each time flicking the boot for good luck before passing it along ( during the challenge you can never put the boot down), whomever takes the penultimate drink loses (and buys the next round). Thus the challenge is to either finish the beer or leave a challenging quantity to the next person to try and finish.  A group of us took the challenge (three or four times, ahem) on this recent NYE and it was a night to remember (if not, to forget).  Prost!
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,10/14/2010,96,186,7,9,7>"You go on, like, missions for your lunches."That's right, co-worker, I do. Because I don't eat garbage. "Sorry that I only like good shit." Today's mission: walk from 16th & Walnut to Broad & Pine for tacos from Honest Tom's. In 95-degree heat and 37% humidity. So I did it. And it was worth it. To the tune or $5, I got two sweet potato tacos. They were heavenly. Lots of fresh guacomole and perfectly charred sweet potatoes. It was a satisfying yet light lunch. I ate them while walking back to my office and found them to be quite portable, as well. I overheard that they'll be at this location near UArts every Thursday and I plan on returning on Thursdays to come and perhaps stalking them on the weekends. Yay.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,10/13/2010,212,160,14,15,11>A new discovery in awesomeness for the Philadelphia summer nightlife scene; for just ten dollars a lawn ticket can be purchased to the Mann's Orchestral BYOB picnic jamboree. Apparently whenever the orchestra plays at the Mann you are allowed to bring in lawn chairs no bigger than 28", any food you feel inclined to eat, and any drink you might have a thirst for, alcohol included. We went to a performance of Tchaikovsky followed by a fireworks show last night and were quite pleased, all things considered. To begin I suppose I should describe the layout of the venue. The performance area is situated at the bottom of a bowl like hill, with an artfully constructed wooden building over and around three sides of the stage to funnel the sound outwards and up. Right against the dais is a large area of seats, and behind these seats is the main lawn seating area with the ideal concert real estate. This general admittance zone extends to the top of the hill where it is hemmed in by a tree line. If you stand on this main hill facing the stage, there is a large wing to the left with levels of extra lawn seating for bigger events, and then a fence to it's left . While this extra seating does not afford any real view of the concert, the view of the city skyline that can be seen from there is breathtakingly spectacular. If you were standing on this extra seating hill, at the top is a tented restaurant area. On the side of the tent farthest from the stage is another small patch of grass ringed on two sides by tent walls, and then on the third by a chain link fence with dumpsters beyond; This is where I was able to find open grass to sit, and the only view was of an abandoned factory. I know what you are thinking: "How can he give this place five stars when standing outside the property line would have let him hear more musical notes than where he sat?" (during the 1812 overture we listened to the dishwasher's clattering silverware in lieu of the cannons) The reason is because I arrived to an eight o'clock concert at 8:20 and understand I got what I deserve, so next time I will be much earlier. Plus, I can recognize greatness even when I prevent myself from experiencing it (the far corner was a big party anyway, so there was some consolation). P.S.- We may have been in the absolute worst possible seats on the grounds for the concert, but when the fireworks went off afterwords they were directly overhead. Suck on that, front row center. -Also, biting bugs were out in force.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,10/11/2010,35,101,6,8,6>The William Penn in made my wedding dream become a reality. Our day felt like a royal wedding with only the best food and drink in all the land! Five years later I still look back on that special day and think to myself how magical the event was, I felt like a Disney Princess (Cinderella, to be exact). Now back to reality.....My husband and I visit the Inn at least once a year for various occasions: anniversaries, birthdays, holidays, etc.  We are embraced with the same class and sophistication for brunch and dinner as we were on our wedding day.  The food is divine,  the desserts are beyond decadent.  The dining areas are stately and make me feel like I should be sipping  Cognac.    All of the employees, from the wait staff  to our wedding planner, provide service that is outstanding!  A nice perk to having your wedding at the William Penn is that they have their own in-house bakery and florist who work with you ( and your William Penn Inn wedding planner) to make sure that everything ties together.  Their florist made all of our flowers (centerpieces, bouquets, church flowers- you name it) and worked with the bakery to match all of our colors that adorned our cake.  Almost everything under one roof- a bride's dream!   I can go on and on about the William Penn.....but I think that you need to experience the luxury for yourself!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/10/2010,182,117,8,15,13>Ever since I heard about a Chutney company opening near my neighborhood, I had to revisit stalking 101, as I scouted the area each day waiting in eager anticipation for the opening of this place. Well finally yesterday was the fateful day when they opened the doors to the public. A bunch of us might be accustomed to a different variety of the indian fare with the likes of curries and naans, this time around the adventure is headed to the  peninsular regions of south india. Albeit south indian cuisine hasn't achieved mainstream aura in Philadelphia , this certainly marks a step in the right direction. A chutney can be refered to as any sweet, tangy or sour accompaniment to the main dishes. The traditional ways to make chutneys is to crush into a paste a bunch of ingredients using a contraption similar to a mortar and pestle, and diluted using either water, lime vinegar , tamarind or coconut paste. There is no limitation to what can be transformed into a chutney and with imagination running amok there are endless possibilities. And that's what I expect from the phila chutney company to surprise me each and every visit.I tried all the wet chutneys, and other than the traditional coconut that is a staple south indian chutney, I highly recommend the mango and the tomato chutneys. The coconut chutney needed a little more kick as I felt it was a bit mellow for my palate. Nonetheless the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful.Coming to my next favourite item on the menu - the Dosas. A distant cousin to the french crepes and Ethiopian injera, are primarily made of a mixture of rice and lentils and the batter is left to ferment overnight, and spread thinly over a hot pan glazed with either butter or traditional ghee. With a different permutations to the ingredients and the way of spreading across the pan, a few varieties like Rava ( semolina ) and Uttapams  can be made.  They can be just had as is or even stuffed with things that you like to savor. Though back home I'd devour a whole army of plain dosas, doing the same at a restaurant is not a financially sound proposition so go with some filling inside the dosas to satiate the stomach. The common fillings are the spiced mashed potatoes masala, cheese, chillies, Spinach, onions etc. We ordered the paneer dosa, a masala dosa and a deluxe masala. The latter ones stole the show as the masala was evenly spiced and with no clunky pieces of uncooked potatoes made it a stellar choice. The deluxe had the cheese and spinach in it as was certainly my favourite, though the fried paneer and the caramelized onions were a close second. The batter is perfectly portioned, which helps the dosa to be nice and crispy  to bring out a plethora of flavors to the forefront.Albeit they are still fairing in uncharted waters, they were welcoming of any suggestions to make improvements and make the experience better. There are still a bunch of kinks that need to be ironed out, but there is great promise about this place. They go to great distances to cater to ur specific tastes if u asked.In conclusion, My cousin said my face was glowing when I ordered my dosa and the pretty much sums up my visit here, and am certainly looking forward to more such outings.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2010,10/8/2010,202,329,8,4,8>patience is a virtue that i do not have.  bobby flay (i do love throwdown) + burgers = what could go wrong?so it's a gorgeous sunny day in west philadelphia, and it's 11am and i'm hungry.  off i trek in search of the perfect burger.so the rate limiting step between me and my slab of meat turns out to be the line of hungry people...and one cashier.  i mean, really?  it's lunch time, there's a line out the door, and you have *one* cashier at the register??  it's enough to get this now hypoglycemic girl in a little hissy fit.once i sat down and had a bite of my burger (a little bit pinker than the medium i asked for and too many sesame seeds on my bun)... i calmed down a bit.  it was a good burger.  the sweet potato fries with a too watery honey mustard dipping sauce were also pretty good.dear bobby, now that you've got your food down, can you work on efficiency?  thanks.amc
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,10/7/2010,65,68,4,6,7>meh.  I really like johnny brendas and I kneeewww there was a reason that I hadn't sat at a table there in a long table - simply because it ALWAYS sucks.  I couldn't avoid sitting at a booth there last week because I was with 5 of my good friends...sitting at the bar on a friday night when you all want to eat just doesn't work....to crowded and you really can't talk to each other.  Without getting into details (If you want some good ones read abigail "rabbit rabbit" l.'s review) service was very slow and generally not good(semi rude).  I'm not dissing all the waitresses there though, there are some good ones and the bartenders are pretty awesome...but somehow I always get stuck with the poor performing waitresses.  You lose a star this time JB's!  sorry.  I still like your beers and your atmosphere, but you really need to step it up a little.  I'm not a hard person to please, I worked in food service for years so I totally understand its a hard job but its not that hard to stay pleasant 90% of the time and do a semi decent job.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,10/6/2010,101,151,6,10,7>The gallery featuring resident or guest artists at The Clay Studio isn't the only thing cool about this place: they have one-of-a-kind pottery sales where profits go to the non-profit Studio. Some pottery isn't glazed but they might allow you to add some color/glaze yourself in the studio. They offer classes in different concentrations for kids and adults; beginners and those who can create a life-size model of oneself.  I'm taking a beginner's "Throwing Concentration" class* and the instructor is patient and articulate (important for a student with no artistic ability, such as self). He starts every class with a demonstration on a new technique (making a cylinder, trimming, glazing, etc.).  It's a small class (about 13 ppl) and everyone definitely works at a different pace so the instructor gives some one on one time with each student throughout the class.**If you don't want to take a full semester's worth of classes, several times a year they offer Date Night Classes. Its a great way to get a taste of the studio, for those who are looking to get a little dirty and creative or those who want to recreate the infamous scene in Ghost while kicking back some brews. If you do end up taking classes/workshops, the stairway up to the Studio is quite elaborate. The walls are made up of bits of mirrors and other colorful objects that give me the urge to bat at it like a cat every time I go to class. The Clay Studio offers a lot more than the gallery on the first floor and the members are keen on making your experience with them as rewarding as possible.*Did you just picture the gorilla at your local zoo throwing feces? No silly, "Throwing" is referred to the process from the time the clay is thrown on the wheel to the time the wheel is stopped. **This is my 6th week, while the other kids are busy re-creating the Philadelphia Skyline, I could barely make a cylinder. My instructor saw the frustration and offered me some extra guidance. Wahoo, now I can make a bowl! Never thought making a bowl would feel so rewarding. I think I understand how Michelangelo felt after he finished David.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/18/2014,91,116,10,12,10>Federal Donuts, you do not need another glowing 5 star review but what the heck, I am going to give it to you anyways.  You see, I recently went to a "friendsgiving" where in place of turkey, Federal Donuts chicken was served in all of its glorious flavor options.  As always, it was knock your socks off phenomenal.  Actual turkey thanksgiving would be ashamed of itself.Your donuts are awesome (even my dog eats them when I stupidly leave them on the table and turn my head for just one second).  Your chicken is awesome.  Your coffee is awesome. Your staff is awesome. So happy holidays to you, Federal Donuts.  You are worth every lb. I gain each time I indulge in your heavenly fried wonderfulness.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,2/17/2014,85,109,7,11,8>Finally, a good BBQ place close to home!  I just hope it lasts. The menu was interesting with appetizers like hot tots which are tater tots and jalapeño peppers wrapped in bacon with sour cream to dip. It was as good as it sounds. The bacon was smoky and tender. Then I had a brisket sandwich with coleslaw. The cole slaw's crunch was a perfect contrast to the tenderness of the sweet brisket. The sauce tasted of honey and molasses. It's on the sweet side but very good. They smoke everything out back on the premises. they have a liquor license so I washed it all down with the champagne of Delco (miller lite). The bartender was polite and told me a bit about the operation. The waitress was friendly and attentive. I'll definitely be back soon. They've been open about 3 weeks.  Here's to a thousand more!
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,2/16/2014,83,236,4,15,5>I'm so happy another vegan option opened in Philadelphia.  This place definitely has something for everyone though.  The space is small and comfortable, with really cute decorations.  I especially like the seedling paintings on the bathroom walls.  The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.  From the descriptions of the food that our waiter gave, you could really tell he loved eating the food himself, and his enthusiasm was very infectious.  The prices include tax and tip (and are all a bit weird, like $6.97) so tipping is not expected at this establishment. The owner is trying a new concept where the waitstaff gets a normal wage in place of being reliant on tips.  Very European.  The prices of the food are also very fair.The miso soup is to die for.  I want to swim in it.  I want to eat it every day.  Delicious.  Apparently on certain days you can order it with a side of noodles. Perfect for a cold winter day.I ordered the butternut squash knudi and the chimmichurri seitan as my entree.  Both were flavorful and satisfying.  I was also impressed with the market sandwich and veggie burger that the other people at my table ordered.  Dessert looked good, but we were all way too full to order it.  This place is cash only, BYOB, and no reservations.  They also serve brunch on the weekends,  which I can't wait to try.  I will be back again for dinner and I think this may become one of my new favorite restaurants.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,2/15/2014,241,333,3,9,3>We came here last night unexpectedly. The restaurant we'd wanted to go to was under construction so we figured, hey why not.Upon entering, you are greeted with the delicious aromas of grilled meats, spices, and fresh herbs. I knew this was gonna be good.The restaurant was spotless. The wait staff was constantly bussing tables. You can tell they take pride in what their restaurant looks like.We started with Goi Cuon and Lot Leaves. The Goi Cuon was fresh and warm. It was obvious they were freshly rolled (not rolled and stored in the fridge like other restaurants). The Lot Leaves (I don't know the official Vietnamese name - bad Vietnamese wife - but essentially it's ground beef seasoned with lemongrass and other delicious spices wrapped in grape leaves and grilled) were OUTSTANDING. The flavors were off the charts.I didn't stick with my usual Pho Tai. I went with a noodle bowl filled with delicious grilled pork, herbs, lettuce, carrots, and ground peanuts. I took down half the bowl in about 10 minutes. I was so full, but the flavors were so rich I didn't want my experience to end.Thai Son - you're our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant. We can't wait to go back.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,2/13/2014,503,395,7,9,8>Not that this place needs another review BUT since brunch is my absolute favorite meal, and this place does it right, here it goes. Cafe Lift lures you in with smells of crispy pancetta and strong coffee as soon as you walk in, and suddenly you realize, this is where you should ALWAYS be for breakfast.I came here with my fiance and it was a treacherous decision to make between ordering breakfast or lunch with so many wonderful options. Thankfully, someone nearby ordered their famous cannoli french toast and my heart skipped a beat....probably because it anticipated an artery clogging.My beau ordered a fried egg panino, which came with pancetta, lettuce, tomato, topped with a fried egg and these amazingly soft seasoned potatoes. We seriously fought over the potatoes and the last piece of pancetta, thank god my overwhelming heap of cannoli french toast still waited for a bite.AND LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT THIS FRENCH TOAST! It is complete heaven on earth, clogging good decision making and your arteries all at once. It is plated so beautifully, I took about 6 pictures and had a hard time actually cutting into the clouds of whip cream and sprinkles of chocolate shavings and pistachios. This is definitely big enough to feed 3 adults.I also love Cafe Lift, because although they have a million reviews about being awesome, they don't let it get to their heads. The service was very friendly, they saw me taking pictures of my food and I promised the staff a yelp shout out.....yes you guys rock AND wear really cute outfits!Parking is horrible around here but that first sip of warm delicious coffee will ease all that tension. So come here and tip well --cash only!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,2/12/2014,72,163,5,9,8>After almost 300 reviews, there's probably not much I can say that hasn't already been said.Great food for cheap is pretty much what sums it up. I am no Pho expert, but I've had my fair share of bowls. This one was very good. the shrimp rolls were also very fresh and tasty.Service is incredibly fast so if you're looking for a quick and inexpensive dinner on a week night, this is your place
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,2/11/2014,73,375,,13,5>Best pancakes in South Jersey.  I'm going on record and I will vouch for it.  These pancakes are only rivaled by those at the Fountain Diner in Hartsdale, NY.If you're not a fan of pancakes... I think you'll still find something on this menu that reads like a short story.   This menu is MASSIVE.  It's a South Jersey diner, I guess that's par for the course.I've been here a half a dozen times and I haven't had anything I didn't like it.  If you can dream it and it's breakfast related, they will make it.Sometimes the service can be slow because it is a busy spot, but regardless, I love this place. Forget the Pop Shop, this is the place in the Collingswood area for breakfast.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,2/10/2014,16,73,2,18,14>Never in a million years would I think it would be enjoyable to strip down and get spray tanned by a stranger. The girls here are so nice and friendly and make you feel very comfortable. The tan itself was better than any spray-tan machine, making an appointment is super easy (and now can be done online), everyone is very nice, and it was less than 0% awkward because of the staff's professional nature. I am very pale and went level 1 - one coat. I recommend it for first timers. They also give you a free tan when you book your first tan. I can't say enough good things about this place.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,2/9/2014,299,267,4,14,9>I tried Agno recently after hearing some big hype - or at least what I thought was hype...but it's all true. Their menu is all organic, locally sourced, gluten free and prepared on site. It's a build your own creation type place, starting with your choice of wrap, rice or spinach (I chose spinach - fresh and crisp). Next, you choose your main topping. I got grilled veggies, but I'm itching to try the falafel or steak next. Up after that is the 3 sides...so many delicious options to pick from here. I chose white beans with spinach and parmesan, a tabouli salad and the roasted cauliflower. My darling friend let me try her carrots (yum) and beet salad (omg). Last, you select a sauce (or two!) to top it all off (or for dipping on the side). I got the lemon tahini, and it was the perfect complement to my veggies and sides. My lunch at Agno rang in at just over $8 for a healthy, tasty, unique meal that I can feel great about eating - for my tastebuds, my body AND the world. I haven't tried their older sister restaurant, Pure Fare, yet, but I applaud what these folks are doing. Bonus: they deliver down to 4th and up to 24th (from Arch to South) all hours of operation, and into West Philly until 3PM. And they made sure to let me know if I wanted to order dinner earlier and have it delivered, the food may sit for up to 12 hours without a fridge and is still solid. GOOD TO KNOW. I will be back to Agno again. I'm already spreading the word at work. So worth the walk.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/8/2014,92,160,5,7,7>A few years ago I started a tradition where I take my mom out for dinner as a Christmas gift. Just her and I and I pick the restaurant. One of the first places we went to was the Oyster House just after it had reopened. Back then I hadn't started earning a decent paycheck and I remember calculating everything in my head as we ordered tray upon tray of oysters. That's no way to dine. My mom is a huge oyster fan (as am I) and this past year has been a tough one for my fam so I wanted to go with a sure thing for dinner, back to the O H. We came the day after Christmas and with mom running a little late I was worried we wouldn't get a seat for the buck a shuck happy hour. Uber dropped us off right at 6:00 and the place was jumping but we were sat right away at the corner of the raw bar. With money less of an issue this time around I was ready to burn this mother down. Right off the bat we started with the oyster shooters. Gin / Cucumber / Dill was on special so we knocked those back, put in our beer orders, and were ready to receive our oysters. The buck a shuck oysters were Delaware Bay and we banged out 36 right out the gate. In all honesty I would have been fine getting another 36 or 72 and not worry about the other food but we had plans to go to Dandelion after wards and bar hopping with your mom with nothing but raw oysters in the belly seemed like the makings of a hilarious albeit embarrassing story. I got the roasted oysters chimichurri and mom got the fried oysters with chicken salad. Mine only came with 4 oysters but God bless were they good. The flavor was just about perfect, savory with a tiny bit of spice and I found myself desperately scraping the shell for any last morsels I could get. I didn't try mom's fried oysters but I know she loved them and the chicken salad was delicious. We also split a side of roasted brussel sprouts with bacon, boo-ya-ka! They were the perfect compliment to the meal. It was a great experience all around. The workers were fantastic, the shuckers shucked their shucking hearts out, and the other diners were really friendly as well. It was so good and so much fun we may have my mom's 60th B-day there.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,4/29/2009,157,255,2,7,6>The best tiramisu I've ever had was in, no joke, South Korea in 2005.Until I had the tiramisu cake from Isgro. I've been up and down Italy and tried tiramisu in many places; no winners. This was seriously the BEST tiramisu I've had, hands down (I figured this out 10 minutes after I was telling friends about my Korea experience). Not too sweet, not too strong with the alcohol, and light and fluffy. I'm drooling right now just thinking about it!
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,4/28/2009,4,3,4,4,8>Our house is super near to the Green Line Cafe.Passing through the daybreaks, I'd rush down the path, heading for the trolley station in every single day.While suspending at the corner of Clark Park, my cheek used to lean on the way, which is not the one trolley's coming, that a beam of sun leaded to immerse into the red umbrellas out attached the cafe house, and finally reached down the floor around 8:05. I assumed this was a spontaneously behavior of me cause I never drank coffee sitting in there. I did have a sweet meeting before with somebody else, who didn't remain me anything that I'd like to cherish except for the respberry iced tea with the sugar which he told me the middle one is the best among all of them.The cup of iced tea, by that time, was like people using a sort of transparent icing to mix into some artificial rosy liquid. But it did not taste fancy at all.The guy appealed to me has disappeared afterward and never came back anyway. It made me some speculations of that day really existed, or the mental clips about that picture which we were talking together in front of the counter, is just haunting around those settings, the wooden square tables and scattered shades under the tree.  It supposed to be a good reason for my werid inclination every morning. Huh..?
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,4/27/2009,60,150,5,4,5>AWESOME!I have only eaten from the pizza side, but holy crap is it delicious.If you read any of my other Yelp reviews on Italian food, you'll know that I do NOT give high scores for the food of my people.  It's easy to make and hard to screw up, so I'm not giving Italian Bistro 5 stars for bringing me something a little better than edible.  I don't like paying for pasta because I know that I can look at a jar of capers, a pound of angel hair, some veggies and chicken and make something banging.With that being said, I will HAPPILY PAY MONEY FOR PASTA HERE.Normally, the roomies and I just get pizza (or my favorite, spinach & cheese stromboli), but last night, my one roommate's girlfriend and I wanted pasta right that second.  The first good sign?  When I was divying up our order, I opened her side of meatballs and yelled "HOLY SHIT THEY ARE BIGGER THAN MY KITTEN'S HEAD!"As for my food?I got Ziti Caruso and inhaled most of it in one sitting.  Finally, we've found a place that does a blush sauce and doesn't make me feel like I have lead in my stomach after four bites.Their prices are excellent considering the huge portions.  The first time I got a stromboli, I almost died when I saw it was $12.  Then we picked up our order and saw there was enough for me and one roommate to eat three meals.  Good thing we had decided to split it beforehand!My only complaint is that they are a little slow.  Every time we've called in an order for pickup, we're told 20-30 minutes and are still waiting after 40 minutes.  But hey, the food more than makes up for it and I won't complain for the omg deliciousness that is Franco & Luigi's.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/26/2009,202,329,8,9,9>dear kanella,you had your shining moments last night.  yes, we were already a bit late for our already bit late reservation, but it took your waiter a good 15-20 minutes to notice that we had all arrived.  this was not a shining moment.our table settled on the dip trio, both the whole fish, fish filet of the day, and the pasta dish.  the food *was* the shining moment.  everything was well made, well seasoned, and fresh.  the flavors were complementary, and definitely not boring. as i sat there, sublimely full, i thought about how perhaps, maybe, i would want to date a greek boy just so maybe his mother would make food like this for me.the check came, and i snapped back into reality.  sadly, this was no greek boy family's home, and i had to pay for my meal, including the $2 extra for the several extra triangles of pita we asked for.and so kanella, i am glad that craig laban liked you.  perhaps we should have another go around as well.love, me.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,4/25/2009,49,111,1,8,7>You know that you don't get out enough when two friends come out for a Philadelphia visit from Pittsburgh, Pa. and they do their research and take you to all sorts of places off the beaten path. That is exactly how I discovered Zot last night. My good friend Kelly, with her mad planning skills and stacks of Google maps, looked into Zot because she is a lover of mussels. I am very picky when it comes to mussels and have only eaten mussels that I have really enjoyed twice in my life. Well, make that three times now. Kelly and I split 2 kilos of ZoT's Bangkok mussels, which are mussels boiled in a scrumptious broth of lemongrass, cilantro, and ginger. It was heavenly! Not to mention that two kilos of mussels are a whole ridiculous mess of mussels. ZoT serves the mussels in the same pot that they were boiled in, and you can use the lid to dispose of the mussel shells. ZoT has 50 different mussel n' sauce combinations. The combos range from the pretty safe Mushroom Creme mussels, which are mussels boiled in a sauce of button mushrooms and cream, to the more adventurous combinations like the Chocolat mussels, which are mussels boiled in a sauce of Callebout chocolate and beer.The beer menu at ZoT is also quite extensive and impressive, specializing in mostly Belgiun beers. Keeping with the Belgiun theme, they also serve friets, Belgium's answer to French fries. They are the same thing, really, but the word "friets" makes them more fun to order. The atmosphere in ZoT is very chill and laid back, with dim lighting, candles, and great music. I am normally not one for the hoity-toity Old City/Center City eateries and I like to stick to my brew pubs, but ZoT offers everything that I look for in a place. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to try something unique, new, and fun.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2009,4/24/2009,17,56,6,5,5>It's a frickin' diner...no different, bad, worse, or better than the rest of 'em.  Only difference is this one doesn't have a huge sign that reads "ALL BAKING DONE ON PREMISES."  I hit this joint up the other night with dollface and my kiddo, figuring it would please him due to the variety I knew would be lingering on the menus.  Sure enough, there was enough shit to strangle a bulimic to choose from.  I got the chicken croquettes with mashed 'tatos and mac 'n cheese.  Little Wonder got the spaghetti and meatball.  Dollface just had some French onion soup.Everything was tasty, and the waitress enjoyed calling dollface "mom" even though she isn't.  Dollface wasn't amused.  Little Wonder ate a few bites of spaghetti and then decided he'd rather have the bag of pistachios in my coat pocket.  The waitress remarked to him that she really liked those as well.  He didn't care.My meal came with dessert, so I chose the strawberry shortcake.  It was good enough, with that cheap strawberry goo drizzled on top.  Kiddo receieved some chocolate chip cookies that he was happy with.  Dollface only had the soup, but liked the croquettes as much as I did.  We got out cheap - less than 20 bucks before tip.  Sweet deal for a good meal.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,4/23/2009,101,151,11,10,10>I came here when they first opened and thought the place was pretty typical... Until yesterday when I came by for a strawberry bubble tea for $3.25. They made it with sugar and FRESH strawberries! It was so tasty, that I finished it before I got into my car that was parked right out front.[1] They have plenty of fresh fruit juices that are just as tasty. The boy got kumquat and it tastes a lot like sour mix. Not really a bad thing. Be sure to be specific with your order like: "I'll have a small strawberry with black tea and tapioca, thanks *smile*". Some of the workers don't speak engrish too well and you don't want to end up with a Durian shake. TRUST ME.As for their baked goods, they taste/look like normal chinatown bakery items. Nothing blew me outta the water.[1]Poor move because there was no bathroom in sight!
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2008,4/22/2009,190,178,7,10,10>Some of you may not be familiar with the tart flavored yogurt or Pinkberry so I'll give a brief description. Think of what normal plain-flavored Yoplait yogurt tastes like but now in a frozen yogurt form and that's what you get! Hmm, maybe that didn't make it sound as good as it actually tastes. :PAnyway, try this place! I love Pinkberry and all those yogurt places that are popping up everywhere but I was quite sad to see that Philly didn't have one until now. Woohoo!!Steps to getting yogurt:1. Grab a bowl2. Head over to the 15+ different yogurt machines3. Pick your poisons (go crazy with the flavors!)4. Add dry and fresh fruit toppings (MUST get MOCHI and fruity pebbles!!!)5. Weigh the bowl and pay per ounce6. ENJOY!!!My usual order: plain tart with mochi, fruity pebbles, mango, and kiwi. This place is actually part of Yogurtland so if you've ever tried that, it is very similar in terms of flavors. There are many different flavors here including the classic chocolate and vanilla. Other flavors include green tea, mango tart, strawberry tart, blueberry tart, plain tart, cookies 'n creme,  taro, snickerdoodle, and many more. I'm not a big fan of the green tea here. Either way, you will not get bored! While the vanilla and chocolate flavor is the typical creamier yogurt, the tart flavored yogurts are a bit icier and less sweet (which I like!). In terms of the flavor and texture of the plain tart, it is very similar to Pinkberry and not too tart as is Yogurtland (although it's from the same company). Texture is also good and does not melt fast. They also sell smoothies there but I haven't tried yet. In terms of their toppings, there's not much you can't get. They have all the traditional stuff like chocolate chip, nuts, cookie dough, sprinkles, oreo, etc. In terms of the more interesting stuff, they have MOCHI (again, MUST GET!!), cereals (fruity pebbles, coco puffs, captain crunch), and candy bars. They also have a good selection of fresh fruit such as strawberry, kiwi, mango, blueberry, peach, raspberry, etc. Like I said, how can you get get bored with a place like this?! :)The place is also very clean and cutely decorated (see pic). The downside here though is that there isn't too much seating. Maybe enough seats for 15 people max.In terms of price, it is a bit pricey. Definitely pricier than I'm used to. It's 49 cents/once (I'm used to 38 cents) but this place is definitely still worth it. 5 star just for being the first in Philly! :D
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,4/21/2009,65,83,3,8,8>I can only quote Homer Simpson when I think of this place, "MMMM.....beer."  I can order my favorite beers here, and nosh on yummy little appetizers.  They have impeccable taste in beer and wine here, so this is the highlight for me.  Try Rodenbach's Grand Cru, for something different and tasty.  In fact, this is the only place in Philly I know that serves Rodenbach's brews.  Everyone here is spot on about Tria's service.  The waitstaff is attentive, and super friendly.Tria, I will be back for more and more and more and more.  Keep up the good work, almost at 5 stars in my book!!
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,4/20/2009,1014,321,8,9,12>Put down the carnations and baby's breath bouquet.  Step out of your grandmother's florist shop.Walk to Moda Botanica.  Gape in awe at the stunningly creative floral displays that incorporate glass, air plants, stones, candles and so much more.  Bailey, Judith and Armas are a trio of genius floral designers. Their work is unlike anyone else's, especially in prudish, provincial Philadelphia. But don't take my word for it -- they just won Best in Show at the 2009 Flower Show.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/27/2013,75,154,,7,5>Nom Nom Ramen may be my favorite place for Ramen in Philly. Not to mention it also won Best of Philly 2012 for ramen.The service is fast and friendly. I love walking in starving and knowing that I will be eating delicious soup in 5 mins. I have gotten all of the different varities  that they offer: shio,  shoyu, miso, and karai. I highly recommend the karai if you can handle spicy food! Otherwise I would go with the shio and add a little bit of sriracha hot sauce.I always add the extra soft-boiled egg and bean sprouts! Totally worth it! Enjoy!
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,6/26/2013,42,306,5,14,5>I've been here no fewer than a half dozen times for happy hour, and I keep trying to find a reason for less than five stars...still searching!I don't want to blow the cover on the best happy hour north of City Hall, but this is the place.  The buck-a-shuck is fantastic, the Route 6 draft for $2.50 is unbeatable, the burger (cooked a perfect Pittsburgh rare every time) is a Philly top 3, and they have the best damn Bloody Mary ever...period, end of discussion.  They should sell the garnish for this drink on its own.  Pickled oysters and veg in my drink makes me happy, so happy that I order two.For everyone that says this place is too expensive, I'll be the first to disagree.  If you order the right things, it's not that bad.  I find their beautiful filet with two sides for $28 to be a really good deal.  Oh, and a $3 cup of chowder that is loaded with whole poached clams isn't too shabby either.  Let's not forget about dessert:  killer whoopie pies and bread pudding anyone?The atmosphere is really crisp and clean, while retaining that upscale beach feel that I love, and the service is excellent.  I also find that the bar area brings in an interesting and friendly crowd.  It's like the North Broad version of Cheers...in an upper crust beach shack.  Just go, you'll understand.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,6/25/2013,80,149,4,10,2>This review is regarding Daddis' Womens Fitness Bootcamp!Talk about a workout! You meet four times a week for this bootcamp and are guaranteed only two things: 1.) A full gallon of sweat will ooze out of your body.2.) Monday nights, bet on some kickboxing.Otherwise, prepare for a killer program focusing on muscle confusion and a group mentality of BRING IT!The ladies in the group are really nice, and there to just kick ass and take names, so there's definitely no judgement here. Just come in and WORK!And if there's something you can't do because of an injury, etc. - you tell the instructor and they've instantly got an alternative for you, no questions asked. They're definitely there to help you get the best workout you can at your own level.It's not cheap, but it's a *reat option of you're looking for a sense of accountability (they notice if you're not coming in!) and comradery that'll keep you pushing yourself when you'd give up otherwise. (Especially if you've been hunting for a gym buddy... you don't really need one here!) So check out their free week trial to see if it's for you! Important notes: Camp's done on the mats in either bare feet or socks. (This flat-foot needs to invest in some tape to wrap the feet to fake some arches!)And if you're sensitive to smell -- just imagine what an MMA gym  that constantly inspires large groups of people to ooze full gallons of sweat every day of the week would smell like... and know that's what you're in for! If you just threw up a little bit in the back of your mouth - you might want to go check out palates or something...
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/24/2013,81,192,,5,6>Maha is a great addition to Philly's yoga scene. A bright, beautiful space, with a cool view of the First Baptist Church to boot. I may be biased, but Teagan is one of my favorite teachers. I used to take her classes at Philly Power Yoga, and her classes are always fun, light-hearted, and challenging. I haven't practiced with any of the other teachers at Maha, but have heard nothing but good things about Justicia and Shawn. Even though the studio isn't heated, you really get a heck of a work out and will end up sweaty and feeling great. Class prices are comparable to other studios in the area. Hope to be back soon!
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/23/2013,62,128,4,6,6>These donuts are RIDONCULOUS, which is a very, very good thing!  I was so excited when I heard that Beiler's expanded to donuts.  I live a few blocks from Reading Terminal and unfortunately I have to pass it on my walk to and from work.  The fact that Beiler's is so convenient and easy to access from the 12th and Arch St. entrance makes this place waaaaay to user friendly for me.  A few weeks ago I grabbed a dozen of assorted donuts for a day at the Penn Relays.  The group that I was sitting with (my dad and his 60+ crew) literally gobbled the donuts down faster than Alyson Felix and Carmelitta Jetter in the 100 M dash (and trackies know that is pretty darn fast).  I had the coconut cream donut, which was DELISH!  I only wish Beiler's was open every day, b/c my cravings for fried dough always seem to kick in Sunday-Tuesday, when the Beiler's are "vacationing at their summer home" out in Lancaster.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,6/22/2013,400,308,,5,5>Back when I had plenty of time, when I was in school, both college and post-graduate, I used to practice yoga to my heart's content.  Then adulthood, full-time job responsibilities and life just got in the way and yoga fell by the wayside.  I rediscovered yoga once I became pregnant.  After I got the okay from my doctors, I started attending Yoga Garden's prenatal yoga classes.  After doing quite a bit of research, (at the time, Mama's Wellness joint had not yet opened), Yoga Garden was one (if not, the only one) that offered prenatal yoga classes on the regular.I really enjoyed those six months of classes, and I went to them right up until my water broke (and TMI, it broke right after a Sunday afternoon class - when I was nearly two weeks late - so it did the trick) and I believe the classes really helped me through my super long labor and delivery.  After recovering from childbirth, I started attending their Yoga babies class - which were equally excellent - these classes allow me to get my yoga in (when the baby allows it - ha!)  while I involve the babe in the practice - aside from my long walks, it's the only exercise I can get these days -Both the pre-natal and yoga babies classes are really lovely.  The instructors are patient, sweet and attentive.  They are kind and conduct classes in a very calming manner - these classes also allow you to meet other women (there's always an introduction and discussion with all the participants before each class) and provide you with a sense of community and support.Only few hiccups to the place, the studio is rather small and narrow (but it's nice to have an intimate class) and if the class is super full, they do run out of the props (pillows and support most often) - classes aren't cheap - the Yoga babies are $18 a pop - but for what they provide, it's totally worth it.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/21/2013,439,341,1,9,7>I swear to you, everything Verna and co. creates turns to solid gold awesome. Since taking up weekly residence at Love Park I have been lucky enough to get my hands on a pulled pork grilled cheese (holy crap if that isn't the most amazing sandwich to come out of a steel box, I don't know what is), the buffalo chicken sausage sandwich with helloooooo bleu cheese cole slaw? sign me up, even her egg salad sandwich has got a little something special going on when they toast the le bus roll with truffle butter and top it with arugula and radishes, classy. The weekday rotating menu is spot on every single time; even when night market rolls around and they are mass producing for quite literally thousands, quality never ever slips. The food is comfort food, but taken up a notch, always hot (except when it's egg salad) and always served with a smile. Verna is quite possibly the nicest food truck vendor I have met (shh don't tell the others), if the woman has ever had a bad day you'd never know it, she has even offered me suggestions on hair products since we both have unruly curly, but awesome hair. Sadly I no longer work downtown and find myself missing Vernalicious more than pretty much any other lunch option downtown and have even gone as far as scheduling meetings on Tuesdays just to be able to stop and say hi and indulge in her menu options of the day. Regardless how long I've been away though, Verna always has a smile and big old "hey Becca!" when I do get that rare chance to visit. That, my friends, is what keeps people coming back...solid food and solid friendly folks.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,6/20/2013,258,188,3,5,4>Sadly, I'm a bit past my days of going out and partying on Friday and Saturday night.  That's not because I've gotten too old for it, but because all my friends went and had children or got equally lame in twenty other ways.  I miss it, and when I used to do it, The Boathouse was an old standby.  We used to commandeer the back bar, start static with the Bennys, and get them thrown out.  It was awesome.Having not been there in some time, and finding myself in the area the other day, I decided to stop in for lunch and a couple of pints.  I don't think I'd ever been there in the daylight before, but it was as expected: an older crowd, munching away while watching whatever college basketball game was on the numerous televisions.  At night on the weekends, especially in the summer, it gets packed and quite rowdy here.  That was not the case on this quiet Saturday afternoon.I ordered the Lobster Bisque and the Fish and Chips.  The bisque was perfectly flavored, but it was way too thick and not creamy enough.  I would liken the consistency to warm part skim ricotta cheese; if you took a spoonful and turned it over, most of it would stay on the spoon.  It was definitely a nice stick-to-your-ribs appetizer for a chilly winter day, though.  The fish and chips were excellent; four piping hot pieces of beer battered cod served on a bed of lettuce, accompanied by some of the best fries I've had in a while.  The fish wasn't the least bit greasy or overcooked, and the fries were cut in boardwalk style, but crispier, and well seasoned.  The dish was served with a house-made tartar sauce that was a nice accompaniment, though I would have preferred a bottle of malt vinegar instead.  I didn't see any out on the bar, so I didn't ask because I didn't want to be a pain in the ass.These were washed down with two pints of Angry Orchard hard cider, which I had never tasted before.  I am a big fan of cider, hard or soft, and this tasted more like apple juice to me, or a slightly watered down glass of Berentzen Apfelkorn.  There was no detectable carbonation, but it was very drinkable - maybe too much so.  The second was gone before I had finished my entree, and I declined a third out of concern for the safety of the driving public.Altogether, it was an excellent lunch, and were I out this way more often, The Boathouse would definitely be a regular lunch spot.  And if my friends didn't suck so much, it would still be one for nights out.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/19/2013,91,220,3,8,5>Came back on a Sunday for the chicken. We got here around 11:15 and thank God we did because it was starting to get crowded. It was exactly when they started taking orders for chicken. We did wings; half chili and half garlic. I'm a fan of bold flavors so I liked the chili the best, but both wings were really good. The place was definitely busy but the line was moving, thanks to the excellent service. You also get a side of these interesting pickle-like veggies, which I really liked because I'm a sucker for pickled anything. Also I really liked their coffee and this is someone who is usually very sensitive to coffee. A few side notes:-You really need to get there early (11:15am-ish) to get your chicken by a decent time. If you get here too late, forget about the wait time, be concerned if there are any chicken left. Which leads me to the second point...-This place knows what its doing since they set a specific amount of donuts and chicken to make a day. Instead of pumping out items all day long, they have a set limit and when they run out, they run out. So the question is, do you need them more than they need you? The crowded room of customers from open to close says "Yes."
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/18/2013,116,67,3,5,2>Sabrina's is worth the wait. And you will wait, unless for some unknown reason you are able to snag a 2-top as soon as you walk in as a friend and I did on President's Day around noon (whaaat?!? we were both shocked). It is usually not too bad if you are waiting for a countertop seat. Most other times for a table, I have waited at minimum 30 minutes. But that is soon forgotten when you sip their coffee (thanks for the free refills), chuckle at the names of their rotating specials (this week's had to do with 30 Rock characters), and ignore your meal partner(s) as you are too busy shoveling their delicious meals into your deprived body. The huevos rancheros are my favorite. I have gotten a couple of other meals before, but my heart (and belly) always leads me back home to huevos. However, for those of you less attached, there are plenty of options for you.Oh, and they are a BYO. Just dont be like the jerk guys who brought a case of beer to serve their 6-top and lounge around. Let's be considerate of the wait time and share Sabrina's yummy love.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2009,6/17/2009,61,261,3,7,5>My boss took us up here for celebratory cocktails the other day, and I felt very posh to say the least. We sat out on the terrace, which has this very old-money feel to it; I suddenly had the urge to have a tiny dog on my lap =P They have great happy hour deals: $6 cocktails, half price glasses of wine and beer, and they give you a bowl of wasabi peas to snack on. And they are not messin around with their cocktails. She had the Pineapple Mint Julip, and I had the Peach Martini, both delicious, and made for quit a buzzed walk home. I noticed they have a prix fixe deal on every 3rd Thursday, $55 for 3 courses w/ wine pairing. Looked promising and I'll def have to come back to try their food.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,6/16/2009,286,176,10,16,14>meil - no, no - mmmmmmmmiel is SO good, just the mention of the name makes my mouth water in anticipation of their delectable desserts.  my first taste of miel was their petite pastries. the to-die-for passion cake features a layer of coconut cream atop a layer of passion fruit mousse atop a coconut sponge cake. creamy, fluffy, sweet (but not too sweet!) and best of all - it had the coconut flavor without the shredded texture that i can't stand. my coconut-loving boyfriend was kinda disappointed about that, however, as it meant less for him ;) we shared a sinfully delicious almond cake as well, and while i did not want to relinquish even one forkful, i suppose fair is fair.most recently we enjoyed a simpler vanilla cake which, with moist yellow cake, creamy icing and white chocolate shavings, is anything but basic. once again, the perfect amount of sweet without sending me into a sugar coma. i cannot wait to get home tonite to savor another slice!i can't speak to the service or the expense, as my wonderful bf has purchased all of these yummy goodies for us, but regardless, i still say it's worth every penny (and every calorie!)
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,6/15/2009,59,547,3,9,7>I've always been a huge fan of Iovine Brothers and the Reading Terminal Market in general. There is so much to like about this place. Their whole goal is to sell fresh and local produce at great prices. Every single time I go there I come home and want people to guess how little I spent because I think I got such a great deal.Also, I just discovered their "grab bags."  These are slightly damaged, or older, and just not great looking fruits and veggies they put into bags and sell for $1 each.  That being said, the stuff is still great.  There was a lot of good stuff yesterday, and there's nothing wrong with it; especially if you're going to use it the same day.So, for under $7, I got:10 Tangerines3 Asian Pears1.72 lbs of green beans6 bananasand 2 tomatoesThe food is much fresher than produce at local grocery stores, and I love going through the market on a busy weekday.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,6/14/2009,400,308,4,9,9>Short on cash and feeling the effects of the Economy but still looking to lunch?  For taste, affordability, and fast service, look no further than Thai Chef.  What a DEAL.  $7.95/$8.95 Lunch special that includes your choice of soup (4 options, I got the yummy Tom Kha),  appetizer (salad or choice of rolls, dumplings, etc) and then your main course (a wide selection of noodle and rice dishes)  The selection is varied and you can't beat the price.  They serve the first two together and the main course almost piggy-backs it. They're lightning fast.  And the eats are mighty tasty.The decor inside is uber trippy, painted in an under-the-sea motif that accompanies a motley crue of light fixtures.This place is definitely in my top five for cheapest and most delicioso lunch eats in the city.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2008,6/13/2009,44,54,7,6,7>I've always been a fan of the Philadelphia Phillies, but for some reason this year I am a woman obsessed.  I've spent hours watching them on the comcast sports network, I've tracked the scores of every game, I've screamed with joy and cried in frustration (but only during June).  They are doing something right, but I hope they regroup during the all star break for a strong second half, except of course our Chase, who actually plays like it's his job.  And it is.  Go Phils!Additionally, Pat Burrell has the best ass in baseball, so the left field seats (sections 140s and 240s) are best for viewing the "games".
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2009,6/11/2009,128,137,9,13,11>Trader Joe's certainly instills a sense of pride in its employees.  Across the board, in any location, the employees are trained extremely well. They know their products and are good at polite banter.  It's refreshing, except that pride can also be one's downfall. There is something about Trader Joe's that gives people a sense of entitlement.  I've never been to a place that is at once both so friendly and so selfish!   This store is small and often over crowded (don't even think about stopping here on the weekend).  The customers and the employees block the aisles like they own the place.Today I had my best TJs experience. The place was practically empty because there were some fire trucks blocking the parking lot. It was fantastic! The store just isn't big enough for the volume they serve.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2009,6/10/2009,153,103,6,14,10>First, let me tell you Ben is a great guy.I used to go to his restaurant (same name, different location) numerous times over the past 15 years and it was always outstanding.  He was always there, always pleasant, always great service and always good food.We wanted to go somewhere new and this was his "new" location so we went a couple of weeks ago.   The weather was nice so we decided to sit outside.  Good choice.  Nice little outside cafe type setting - no complaints at all.  Ben was there - greeted us and seated us.  He wasn't as talkative as he used to be but then again - he's been in business a very long time and possibly a little burnt out.They were out of sea bass which we both wanted.  Instead we ordered the tilapia.  Not such a good choice.  Just okay.  Our waiter - not the best - just okay.  The service - not the best - just okay.    Our side orders were mashed potatoes and veggies - not the best - just okay, and i thought if anything how can they not be great??  Something was lacking.As much as I like Ben as a person, I was a bit disappointed.  Maybe it was just an off night for his cook or maybe there was a fill in but it wasn't the outstanding food that I thought we would get.I would give it another shot only because the food was deliciously consistent for years and years at his other location.Not the best  - just okay.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/3/2009,6/8/2009,76,119,13,10,10>Let me tell you a little story about me and Mexican food: We go way back, but we've never really seen eye to eye. Mexican food is like a friend who's really fun to drink with, but then trashes you to all of your friends about the stupid things you did when you were inebriated. Well, I'm really stupid for returning again and again to Mexican food, because it always gets me in the end.The restaurant was really crowded tonight, both inside and out. My boyfriend and I considered eating outside, since it was so nice out, but it was too windy and everyone's plates and uneaten food were blowing all over the place (rather unappetizing). The atmosphere is agreeable, but the tables were a little too close together for my taste. I was very impressed with the service. We were approached immediately by a nice waiter who took our drink orders. We each ordered the Tecate special, which was a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila for $4. Definitely a good way to start off the meal. After he dropped off our drinks, we ordered, and our food came out in five minutes. Awesome. Of course, there was a reason the food came out so quickly: I'm sure the burritos were premade, not that that's necessarily a bad thing, but a little quality was definitely sacrificed. The burritos were just okay. They were a little lacking in flavor. The chicken was good, but the filling (rice, beans, cilantro, cheese) was kind of bland. We also ordered guacamole and chips... and I have a suspicion that the guacamole was the primary culprit in making my stomach turn so horribly. The chips, though... the chips were damn good.I have to say that the best part of the meal for me was their Blood Orange Margarita, which I'd wanted to order since I read Bill McThrill's review of their Dos Segundos location. I ordered the frozen one, sans salt, which was only $6 and was packed with alcohol and flavor. Yum. I enjoyed my visit there, but unfortunately my stomach did not. The turnaround time was extremely short, even considering my relationship with Mexican food, which was quite distressing, as I was walking (or planned to walk, anyway) from this location to a gallery at 3rd and Arch, and then home to my apartment (in the Art Museum area). I made it to 5th and Pine and had to get a cab, because I was almost doubled over in pain. I'll just say that it didn't end well. I really enjoy eating Mexican food, but I have to stop torturing myself.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,6/5/2009,250,550,3,8,5>I had my eye on Pavilion Barbecue for a long time before I finally worked up the courage to venture over last Saturday, only to discover, to my regret, that it had been closed due to fire.  I guess the smoked brisket was a little too smokey.  It all worked out in the end, though, because after I got a consolation Boost slushy at the Boost Cafe next door, I went for a stroll down Scott St and discovered Franco's Taqueria and their delicious food.I walked in assuming that they would actually serve mostly Brazilian fare, but aside from a  small Brazilian and Ecuadorian section on their menu, it was mostly Mexican.  Riverside NJ, if you recall, was the town that a few years ago tried to pass an anti-immigration ordinance in response to the large Brazilian population that had been moving in and received some nationwide media coverage for it.  I'm assuming the food situation here is due to them being conscious of that fact and so they decided to go with more American-friendly Mexican fare.  Regardless of the rationale behind this choice, the food is absolutely fantastic.I ordered a chicken burrito with jalepenos.  It was a bit messy (i.e. impossible to eat with my hands) but still phenomenal.  The arroz con pollo (with bits of carrot and peas) and refried beans were also very tasty.  I'll certainly be returning, and soon, to delve deeper into their offerings.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,6/4/2009,133,370,5,9,7>Stunned, yes stunned I say to see tracey saying this place is overrated. I've never heard anything but good, and my meal was five stars all the way. I too attended the grand tasting on a Saturday evening. My guest and I were the first ones there and the welcoming glass of prosecca was presented to us as we waited for the staff briefing to finish up. Lovely touch and very tasty.We opted for the wine pairing and I agree the somellier was plesant, knowledgable, and great to talk with. Highlights of our meal included a hot asparagus flan with an egg yolk core, stunning to me as the yolk didn't curdle or dry out.The single best piece of fish I have eaten anywhere, ever, was the skate presentation. I'm not a big fish eater unless it's Sushi, but i could eat this every single day. Thank you Mark Vetri for reminding me what well prepared fish should taste like.The other highlight was the pig trotter ravioli. Something I mentioned casually to my waitres sthat i was hoping to try and here it was. So light, so fresh! Is that a hint of orange blossom I tasted? Amazing.Yes, it was pricey. For two of us with wine pairing and tip it was about $600, so don't take your penny pinching Aunt Sally, she'll be heels up in the dessert cart when she sees the bill, but of you can afford it do go, it was one of the best meals of my life, and I was envious of the family next to us who coud afford to bring their seven and eight year old daughters! Lucky kids!!!
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,6/11/2010,97,108,3,5,5>I don't often have people come visit me from out of town, but when I do or happen to come across lost-looking tourists in Old City, I ALWAYS recommend the Mutter Museum. It's hands-down my favorite museum in the city. So for those that aren't already aware, the Mutter Museum is housed in the Academy of Physicians and is basically a museum dedicated to the history of the medical field and medical oddities. It's not very big, only a kind of small, 2-floor museum, but it's seriously the coolest place in the world if you're into this type of stuff. It has a lot of old medical instruments and lays them out in a manner that let's you see how they progressed, such as their old speculum collection that will make you hug and kiss your gyno the next time your lady-doctor visit comes around. It has an entire wall dedicated to skulls, a body enclosed in lyme which is lovingly called the "soap lady" due to the condition of her body now, and a huge collection of fetuses with medical deformities. Yes, that's right. Human fetuses in jars which some of the most bizarre oddities that you thought only existed in movies. I hope I don't come off as super creepy and weird, but it's the coolest god damn thing in the world. OH and one of my regulars from my former job used to be friends with the skeleton that died from fibrodysplasia. Interesting. The gift shop is also contains above-average souvenirs. I found a double-shot glass with a picture of siamese twins on side and the other with the words "Make mine a double!" on it. Come on, how clever is that! :DTo top it off, the building itself is really gorgeous and rustic looking. There is a really cozy parlor area with other small historical medical trinkets to the left right as you walk in. It's just lovely!Make this your go-to place to see in Philadelphia. Oh and call me when you go because I ALWAYS want to go back :D
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,6/10/2010,23,164,6,7,8>This place is fun. So I had never been here until the UYE Film clubs. Then I came to check out a block party on Green St and they provided my booze fuel. You gotta dig that.Really great beer selections. All for decent prices. They have rotating taps and it's a nice mix of styles. They also host a variety of beer events and I keep promising myself to check one out.The food is good. Gotta love a place that sells burgers smothered in chili or topped with a fried egg. The fries are nicely seasoned. I've scoped a couple other dishes that will be tried at future film clubs.Also, the owner and the staff are really cool and friendly.If you are scared to check it out because it's in the middle of nowhere, don't be. There is a buddhist temple and gigantic synagogue down the street; that means the neighborhood can't be that bad, right?
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2009,6/9/2010,44,54,5,7,6>Went to Distrito last night for the joe's birthday with a party of 9, and the Diego Rivera tasting was the way to go for our large party.  We each left the table stuffed full of extremely delicious food.  24 hours later, we still can't stop thinking about how delicious the food was.  For all you celiac sufferers out there, they were wildly accommodating of our wheat-intolerant group member and my silly little (and by little, I mean serious) fish allergy!My only complaint is that when I attempted to make the reservation almost a full week in advance, I got the run around.  My initial call to the restaurant directed me to call the Garces Restaurant Group (i.e. local corporate) office during business hours so I could talk to the event planner to make my reservation for 10 (he informed me that a party over 8 qualifies as an event).  As difficult as it was to make a personal call during my own business hours, GRG informed me that 12 and over is an event and she couldn't confirm a party of 10 for me, but she'd have someone from the restaurant call me to confirm the reservation (after requesting my credit card # to hold the reservation).  No one called me back, so I had to call the restaurant again and inform them of their alleged corporate policy.  And no, I wasn't going to repeat my CC# to someone else because corporate had it.  Ugh.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,6/8/2010,30,153,4,6,8>I'm a little bit in love with Art in the Age.Top three reasons:A) There are enough earth tones in this swanky-lumberjacked shop/gallery to sink a small ship.B) They invented their own liquor!C) They also exhibit some really quirky art.The staff at AITAMR are sweet as candy from what I've seen so far.I'll be stopping in here basically once a week for the next month or so just because of my crush, but I will most likely want to spend every dime of my paycheck here as well.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,6/6/2010,22,93,4,9,6>Dim Sum Garden is a hidden gem -- a diamond in the rough.  This food is so delicious, good, amazing, delectable, scrumptious, stupendous, and cheap.  I can't believe it took me this long to review it.  Everybody I've brought here just loves the food.I was first tipped off early of '09 about this restaurant when I asked a couple Chinese friends where to get good dumplings in Chinatown.  A number of people told me to go here.  So I did.  And I've been back more times than I can remember since then.  I've worked my way through most of the menu, excluding the rice dishes.Things have changed up a bit since Sally (worker/server with the bobbed haircut and always cool sneakers) and her mom took the helm.  For instance, free ice water has been replaced by hot tea.  Some breakfast-y items have been added to early morning, and new specials are now offered.However, my favorites remain the standard menu.  The Siu Mai are so amazing.  An order comes with four pieces, which includes sticky rice and mushroom/pork.  The Cold Cucumber appetizer is also delicious and very light.  The fried dumplings are a home run.  Shanghai Steamed Buns are also a favorite of many.  I can't tell you how many shirts have been splashed with these soup dumplings!And the handmade noodles.  Yes!  Get them without soup.  Beef brisket type is great... as is the Pork and Pickled Cabbage.  But they're all top-notch.  The weakest is perhaps the Eel variety.Oh yeah, the surrounding area must be mentioned.  It's the shits outside.  You have the Chinatown bus next door, which brings in a lot of distasteful, aggressive people... not to mention sound pollution.  There are the ever present vagrants to boot.  And to top it off, this is all underneath the bleak concrete awning of this block.  Your mother would probably be uncomfortable.  But this has served well to keep this place a lesser known secret.The inside decor also doesn't speak to the greatness of the food.  The neon lights that line the building-high windows add a nice cyberpunk touch.  But don't let that dissuade you.Dim Sum Garden is the real deal.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,6/5/2010,51,94,18,6,11>It's close to midnight and someone's horny lurking in the darkUnder the barlight you see a sight that almost stops your heartYou try to squeeze between two guys that eye you as you make itYou start to sneeze from all the smells that water up your eyes You realize...That this is Leather! Leather Night!And no ones gonna tell you where to wear it left or rightYou know it's Leather! Leather Night!You're working an appetite inside it's better, leather tonight!You hear the door slam and realize someone else has wandered inYou feel the cold hand and wonder if he's into fistingYou close your eyes and hope that this is more than masturbationBut all the while you hear him creepin up from behindWhat's on your mind? Cause this is Leather, Leather Night!There ain't no second chance to kiss the dad with "perty eyes"You know it's Leather, Leather NightSo give me some tonight, you know it's strappin, leather, real tight!Beer buddies callingAnd boys start to gear up in something suede There's no escapin the paws of the bear this time(so open wide)Welcome to your new life!!!They're out to get you, in denim closing in on every sideThey will molest you, unless you know your hankie code tonightNow is the time for you and I to cuddle in the cornerAll thru the night I'll slave you into something hot and lean A sex machineThat this is Leather, Leather Night Cause I can lick you more than any cub would dare tryGrrl, this is Leather, Leather NightSo let me hold you tight and cruise that leather, feather, wether,You like it tonight! Cause this is Leather, Leather Night!Cause I can nick you more than any pup would dare tryGrrl, this is Leather. Leather NightSo let me rough you right and cruise some leather, feather...Daddies fondle across the spotThe midnite special comes w/ a shotLeather cruisin' can be funThough it's not for everyoneSome will sport a lumberjackOr the hair that's on their backI'll stand and pace like in a cellI'm under some erotic spellThe foulest stench is in the airThe funk from some forty-something bearBig grizzly guys will make it soonHard to move around this roomAnd though you want to get a drinkYour body knows not wether You're itching cause you can't resistThe feel of genuine leather...AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!AHAHAHAAHA!HA! HA! HA!
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2009,6/4/2010,32,35,11,12,11>As soon as I bit into the PYT burger there was white sauce dripping out the side of my mouth and all over my cleavage and I didn't even care to wipe it away cause the meat was so damn good. I just ate and ate until I had an orgasm!Sike. The burger didn't jiz on me. It was actually pretty small and hardly juicy at all. I just really hate the ads for this place.So yeah, in real life, the burger was fine but unremarkable. I liked that it was on a potato roll and the bacon was thick and super crisp. I couldn't taste the cheese. The patty was supposedly rare, but it was really well done and salty and dry. But the rest of my experience at PYT was pretty nice. We did shots of whiskey with pickle juice chasers which I loved. I had a fantastic spiked shake and basically my dream onion rings, thick cut and heavily battered. The service was good and the atmosphere wasn't as douchey as I'd feared.The bottom line: Definitely not a burger destination, but a pretty fun time.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2010,6/3/2010,129,194,2,13,6>Wood fired pizza? I'm in. I thought that maybe Philadelphia was finally breaking it's bad pizza curse. Almost, but not quite. Pizzaria Stella is easy to get to, and a nice addition to the neighborhood that already includes the Artful Dodge and Xochitl, among others. I arrive with a date on a Friday night, and the place was hopping. Really, really full. Luckily we didn't have to wait on our table, but the restaurant was so loud (between the music and all the animated folks just inches away from us), we had to lean-in to hear each other. We order the Tatufo, deciding to split it, and got the immediate "Just one pizza?" from our waitress. Luckily, I'm not easily intimidated. Our wine came out promptly, and the food was fairly rapid, too. The Tartufo is a great pizza with black truffles and a raw egg that the server breaks over the pizza at the table. We were quite pleased with it, but as it cooled the egg became a little less appetizing. The pizza rack that sits on the table is actually really annoying - it takes up far too much space in already tight quarters. Perhaps a rack that clips on to the table, instead of sitting on it? I don't have real complaints about the food, location, or atmosphere, but I think they are straddling a hard line between casual and formal. The servers were very attentive - too attentive. We were continually asked if we wanted more wine before we had even finished our glasses, and three different bus boys tried to take our plates away (when we paused from eating) while were still covered in food. In many ways, it just felt like they were trying to rush us out the door. Perhaps we weren't spending enough money?This is a nice space to stop by with friends if you're in the neighborhood, but it's too loud for a date and too expensive to be an everyday joint.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,6/2/2010,162,175,9,9,11>I was one of the miscreants at POPE last night with Jim and the other kids from Yelp.For there being TONS of us, our waitress was incredible. I'm learning from Stephen, Lulu, and Tom's reviews that her name was Heather. Amongst the sea of shots she brought us, I also ordered the Wild Goose Pumpkin Patch. So good. I like to take advantage of the season and order anything and everything pumpkin. The Wild Goose definitely didn't let me down. They also had New Holland Ichabod (!) Pumpkin Ale, which Heather generously let me sample before ordering.Between the two of these, I swear I woke up in a pumpkin patch this morning.The bartender was amazing as well. I didn't catch his name but he checked on us every once in a while to make sure we were good on drinks, graciously and happily took our food order, and appreciated the fact that I got a vodka tonic with "the cheapest vodka you got".
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,6/1/2010,996,928,10,12,7>I loved La Viola.  Here is a list of things that should have annoyed me but didn't:1. It was ridiculously crowded.  The couple next to us was so close that they could not only clearly hear our conversation, they were dangerously close to being elbowed every time I aggressively placed my fork into something on my plate(which is the only way I eat).2. It was loud...to the point where I was communicating across my table via text message.  This didn't annoy me because I found the concept hilarious.Now, onto other things....A very reasonably priced, delicious Italian BYO in center city.  What more could you ask for?The bread/oil brought out before the meal was very good.The mussels appetizer was marinated in a delicate white wine sauce and I enjoyed it.My entree was a veal dish topped with crabmeat in a veal sauce.  It tasted every bit how it should.This is a fantastic place for a business dinner or a date(unless you absolutely need a very quiet place to have dinner....but I encourage you to think about it this way- if you have to lean closer to your date to hear them talk, you can use that proximity to your romantic advantage. The More You Know.)
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,11/21/2010,2055,3369,2,10,4>It really IS ALL THAT. Yes, it's small & loud - so if you come on a weekend call in advance and STILL be prepared to wait.Chef RED did his thing tonight.  As did Steve, our server.In fact, all the staff were "on point".  The sweet lady who gave us the marvelous bread (infused olive oil with a blob of lemon ricotta in the center) and kept our water glasses full is a doll. The hostesses even helped to clear plates.  Everyone pitched in and ran their asses off!  A great team.  We noticed and we love ya!One warning - this meal is a diet-breaker.  Nothing we had was "light 'n healthy".  They should have an MD onsite to perform emergency angioplasties.I had heard of Modo Mio for a long while - but when I tasted the Mozarella en Carroza at the "Taste of Philadelphia" event in July, I knew I had to come here.Our party of 4 had the 4 course menu and everyone LOVED everything they had.  The house-made pappardelle with brussels sprouts, the bistecca, the skate wing - all of it.Chef RED even sent out a platter with 6 glorious desserts on it.  Standouts were the flourless chocolate cake, tiramisu (theirs is light and wonderful), pumpkin bread pudding and home-made crusts, cookies, cremes and panna cottas of all sorts.A near orgasmic experience at Modo Mio tonight.Only one complaint, at 8:50 PM (We had a 6:45 reservation and were seated closer to 7 PM), they made us leave to seat the next table.  Politely.  Overtly.  But I only had like 2 sips of that wonderful coffee I wanted to enjoy.  Ah well - next time we will come on a weeknight.WOW!!!!Can't wait to come back. Can't wait to try Paesano.  (You do own that, right??)
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2010,11/20/2010,527,295,4,4,5>Hot dogs for a buckLondon Calling on the jukeMug rings on the barYou never plan on McGlinchey's happening; that sort of thing just comes along all on its own. It's the kind of place you can chill on a few beers and get a little raucous with friends and you're out of pocket expense will be under $15, even with a few hot dogs. You can still smoke inside, and it's a pretty safe bet that the rag they use to wipe down the tables are sitting in the same water as they were the last time you were there. The bathrooms; yeah they're gross, even for a dude's standards. Suffice it to say I wouldn't go in there in sandals. Or sober.Overall though I've never had a truly bad experience at McGlinchey's. The beer is always cheap, and the bartenders are friendly in general. The bar is a nice atmosphere to meet people, as it takes up the whole middle of the room and you're staring across at someone else most of the time. The jukebox is pretty eclectic, but the music is never obnoxiously loud.If it's a few days before payday and you're still on a night out with friends, don't plan on going to McGlinchey's. You'll end up there anyway when your cash is low and you don't want to head home.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2009,11/19/2010,27,61,6,5,9>I am mostly against karaoke. I have never been a fan, especially when the people take it super seriously. It makes me uncomfortable and a little sad to see someone on the stage, belting out Total Eclipse of the Heart with tears in their eyes. But, last night at the Barbary was a different kind of Karaoke. As I walked in the door, there was a man singing I Would Do Anything for Love. Yes, the Meatloaf song. And he was doing quite the job sounding like the one, the only, the man, the myth, the legend. The beers were cheap, at $3 for a High Life, I think I can dig. I can dig on this place real hard.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,11/18/2010,190,62,3,7,7>Spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, pineapple, avocado and coconut jam. No, I'm not listing different things on the menu, I'm listing the ingredients in one roll, the mouthwateringly complex iRoll. Just one of the many specialty makis they're rolling at Vic's, this is one of the most delicious options with its immense size, lightness in texture, spicy kick, and subtle sweet finish as the juicy pineapple bursts in your mouth.Trust me, I've more or less described all of the specialty rolls. I've yet to try one that isn't among the best of its kind. The a la carte sushi options are all extremely fresh and delicate, and I love their eel. Sometimes they don't have certain fish in stock, but that's probably because it was so good that they ran out, or the catch that day was subpar and they're opting not to serve it, either way, it's a testament to how seriously they take their sushi.The Kani Salad was a spicy, creamy start to my last meal here, and was reminiscent in texture and flavor of coleslaw with a Japanese flair, it would go well as a side dish just as much as an appetizer. The dressing was a bit heavy, though, making it more filling than I would have liked, so I may opt for the seaweed salad next time instead, but this is definitely a dish to try at least once. Reasonable prices and some of the best sushi I've had in Philly, but good luck getting a seat if you plan to dine in. On second thought, maybe skip dining in. Not only is there very limited seating, but there's a lot of foot traffic and hovering with people pouring in to place and pickup orders or wait for seats. If you don't want to take your sushi home, why not wander a couple blocks over to Rittenhouse Square, and enjoy it in the park? If it's a nice night, why waste it sitting inside anyway?
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,11/16/2010,124,147,8,4,24>This past May, I met up with a friend at the edge of Rittenhouse Square Park on a Friday night. I was at a nearby club and he was drinking with friends in the area.I have had a mad crush on this man for several months, but we were strictly platonic.When we met up we walked through the park. It was late at night so the park was deserted and quiet. I felt nervous being with him and I prattled on about the mundane aspects of my day.Right when we neared the edge of the park on 19th, my friend stopped and stared at me. At first, I tried to get him to say something, but my intuition told me to shut up. I waited as he shifted his gaze to the edge of the park and then to me.Then he grabbed me and kissed me. And after making out for awhile, I thought that it was great being kissed in one of Philadelphia's most iconic destinations.After the kiss, we walked on and went back to talking. There was never a kiss after that, just a friendship that smolders to this day....and that is Rittenhouse Square Park to me.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,11/15/2010,41,110,7,7,5>This place has been on my radar for a while because: (1) It's in my hood; (2) it's Asian (Japanese street food from Osaka!); and (3) when you order, you get to say "balls" (I'm 5 years old). When I first heard about the takoyaki balls, I assumed they would be deep fried a la falafel. So when we scheduled a work lunch here, I went in with the mindset that I could indulge now, and eat a salad for dinner. I was surprised to learn that the balls are not fried, but rather hand-cooked in a waffle-iron like contraption with divets the size of golf balls. And while the skins were slightly crisp, the inside was warm and doughy. For lunch, I ordered the health salad, and the classic takoyaki with shrimp. If you are the kind of person that likes quinoa-like grains, you will LOVE the health salad. It's a blackish grain with some veggies cut up on top (carrots, cukes) served with two vinaigrettes. The green pesto-like dressing was delicious, and the salad kept me full for the rest of the afternoon. Takoyaki balls were ooey-gooey and totally scrumptious - unlike anything I've ever eaten before (note: if you don't like Nori, skip the classic takoyaki flavor).   A few weeks later, around dinner time, I had a hankering for these balls (hehe), so dining companion and I ventured over. I got the health salad, AGAIN, and the BBQ takoyaki with shrimp. DC got some yakisoba noodles and the sweet 'n sour miso takoyaki with chicken. I definitely prefer the seafood fillings (shrimp, octopus) to the meat fillings. I also loved the BBQ sauce, but was more or less "meh" on the sweet 'n sour miso. Yakisoba was a little too sweet for my liking...but DAMN those balls are good. This is not an everyday place for me, but I know I will get sharp cravings for these tasty little snacks on a fairly regular basis, which is why Maru Global gets 4 stars.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,11/14/2010,18,37,6,6,6>I lived in Fairmount for 5 years, and I personally prefer this Northern Sabrina's to the one in the Italian Market. The food here is simply great. I always look at the specials in the middle of the menu, there's almost always something new that I want to try. Pancakes are some kind of monster dessert here. Omlettes are great, as is my personal favorite - the Barking Chiuaua Breakfast Burritto. The servers are usually running around helter skelter, but they always stop to check in, and refill my coffee. It's a great, great place.The only things keeping me from giving Sabrina's 5 stars are the wait - you can call in and cut it short, but I've seen people waiting 45 minutes before...it's good but not worth sitting outside in the cold that long! And the music...when I started coming in here it was always great 50's and Motown stuff providing the soundtrack to brunch. Now? soft 70's rock...brutal! Fix it guys!
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,11/13/2010,39,253,,8,9>Phenomenal Italian-inspired sandwiches. I am already imagining my next visit and plan on making my way through the entire menu as others have stated. The new location in the Italian Market is perfectly unassuming but puts out great products. We ordered a couple of fountain sodas (great selection of hard to find sodas), the Meatloaf Parmesan and the Pesce Fritti (fried tilapia fillet, lettuce, tomato, onion, caper maionese and sharp provolone). The meatloaf parm was really good and the highlight was definitely the awesome mozzarella. However, the sesame seed bun got quite soggy from the marinara. The pesce fritti was really really good. The fish was perfectly fried and not at all greasy, the caper mayo was seriously yum and the sharp provolone was the perfect choice for topping. The only downside were the tomatoes but I think that's more an issue of them being out of season. The total was under $20 and I was stuffed for the rest of the afternoon. I cannot wait for my next visit!
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,11/12/2010,50,114,5,7,6>I once received a phone call from a friend asking me what a zep was. Before I could answer she started describing what she saw in a menu, giving me the most absurd visuals that was nothing close to the zeps I grew up with and that's when I had to stop her right then and there and redirect her tastebuds to Lou's. I have one word for Lou's: Legit.Like I said, I grew up on this mind blowing combo of bread, meat and delicious glory that we all know as a zep. Other menu items are top-notch too, such as their breakfast sandwiches, homefries, cheesefries, etc!Lou's is quintessential Norristown, you've got the small table set up outside with the old-time regulars sitting around chatting and the interior decor does definitely sends you back...old tables, old chairs and overall, old school but plenty of good times and kick ass food.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,11/10/2010,162,175,6,12,9>UPGRADED!Came here Friday for a drink with a friend, then again last night for another friend's birthday. I forget that Local 44 has a really great 20ish beer selection. Some people like tons and tons of beers to choose from, but that just makes me anxious. I also forget that the bartenders are really nice, and the waitstaff can be very accommodating. At one point, there were about 20 of us sitting in the dining room, effectively taking up half of it, and it was fine.Local 44, I will come back.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,4/19/2012,996,928,24,9,11>So there I was, minding my own business, opening up the lobster stand just like I do every morning. An out-of-towner, tall guy, approached me and asked where the sea was. I laughed and gestured towards the crashing waves only 50 yards away. Just as I turned around, thinking him a very silly man, the bastard chloroformed me.I spent the next 6 months in a Philadelphia basement, being interrogated day and night by a guy who I think was named "Steven Scar"(at least, that's the name I thought I kept hearing the guards say. I was pretty beat up and drugged.)I gave him everything. I spilled my clam chowder recipe after just a few hours of electrocution torture. My hearty, filling, perfectly salty technique was now in the hands of this madman. My recipe for beer, which he now calls White Birch Route 6, was given to him after I was waterboarded the first time. It is a great beer with a satisfyingly light finish. Somewhere in my haze, I also taught him how to make a mean lobster bake. One thing I did get him on was that I made sure he left the legs on the salt fried shrimp. I sure got him. People are going to think that's totally strange if he ever tries to serve it in a restaurant. He even forced me to tell him where I get my wood for the lobster stand. He wanted to "make it all authentic, man!" and now it appears he's achieved his goal.The worst part about all of this is that he got my oyster crackers. My delicious, oversized, ridiculous oyster crackers. They are so great.He released me, confident that the cops would do nothing. He was right. I'm hoping someone believes me when they read this letter. Steven Scar has stolen my life's work and left me with nothing. I want him brought to justice.Sincerely,"Lobsterin'" Jim McCallister.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,4/18/2012,67,146,2,4,2>It takes a lot to lure me away from the oh-so-convenient Philly rectangle.  You know the one: Market-to-South, Front-to-46th.  It's just a little too easy to stick to places that are easily accessible by SEPTA (or by walking, if you're in a hurry).  But Yelp promised that Fond would be worth the mildly inconvenient trip, so I bucked up.  Definitely worth it.  The escargot and tuna crudo were delicious, as was the pork belly (crispy and tender).  The brownie was incredible.  The waiter actually laughed at me for devouring it so quickly.  But I forgave him, because he had brought me such an awesome brownie.  The duck was the only part of the meal that wasn't a highlight for me; it was good, but it didn't stand out in any way.My only real complaint is that the portions were a bit too small - and I am rarely one to complain about portion size.  I needed a full three courses to start to feel satisfied, which is pretty rare for me.  Plan to order (and spend) a little extra -- it will be worth it.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/17/2012,190,178,2,8,4>Why helloooo chicken and rice!!! This is reminiscent of all those famous NY Halal carts and one has finally reached Philadelphia! You should've seen the excitement in my face when I saw those bright colored signs of lamb and chicken. I'm not sure where they pull the meats from because there's no rotating halal meat thing like in NY but that's ok. For only $5, you get yourself a delicious plate of yellow rice, chunks of lamb (instead of thinly sliced), chicken, shredded lettuce, cucumber, and tomato. And the best part?? Of course, it's the WHITE SAUCE!! :) They also offer two types of hot sauces (mild and spicy). Mild was a bit too mild and spicy was a bit too spicy. I wish there was a medium. You also get a soda can along with this price.Anyway, in comparison to the NY 56th and 6th Ave, this tastes healthier and less creamy (which isnt necessarily a bad thing). I don't think anything can compare to the NY one but I didn't expect this to.  I LOVE the NY for how fatty and creamy it is, but this alternative could be something that could be eaten on a more normal basis. It definitely fills the craving and left me a happy camper. You must try this :)
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,4/16/2012,98,177,6,6,8>By the time I sunk my teeth into scalding wings then swallowed a strong pint, listening to Fight Fire with Fire, I couldn't stop thinking...--Mac's Tavern, WHY have I not visited before now!!!--  Nice layout.  Good beer list.  The food is.... SHAZZAM.Food: WTF wings were AWESOME.  They should be called "Extra F'ing hot FTW!"  Super hot and tasty.  They are no shit hot, beware.  Burger, probably one of the best pub burgers I've had in years.Drinks: Nosferatu on tap, I wasn't a fan initially... then like a vampire, it snuck up and sunk it's teeth in my taste buds and I decidedly drained the  dreary draft.Ambiance: Who stole my iPod of OLD Metallica, Iron Maiden, Sabbath, Zeppelin it was like a 65-85 only playlist.  Service: With a smile and perfectly attentive.Mac, Thanks for opening a bar as awesome as you and the gang's show.Sincerely,John F.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,4/14/2012,37,448,3,7,4>Here's a little secret: many many years ago I was vegan.  Yes, I was young and idealistic.  A pastrami sandwich did me in.  Nevertheless, I have always had a fondness for the food.Back in the spring I read an article about Wildflower opening.  It seems a natural fit along High Street.  Yet, it wasn't until today that we gave it a try.Neither my wife not I are big on tofu or other soy product.  I fetched a couple wraps.  I was most impressed with the operation.  The proprietors were friendly and helpful, as well as accommodating of a customer who wanted to take photographs.  Thinking nothing would be to my wife's liking, I ordered only one wrap.  It was huge.When I got to the Jeep, I phoned her to explain the menu.  She had already looked it up (via Yelp, I might add) and stated she wanted the wrap I had just purchased.  Ha!I went back in and ordered a second wrap.  During the 10 minutes I dealt with Wildflower, there were several customers.  It was lunch time, but it is good to see them busy.All fresh ingredients in the wraps and both were made to order.  Great color and crunch.  We had the following:Roasted Red Pepper Hummus, Avocado, & Veggie Wrap - $7homemade artisan hummus and a vivacious blend of organic spring mix, carrots, red cabbage, and avocado with jersey fresh cucumbers and tomatoes in a big whole wheat wrap Funktastic Falafel Rollup - $8homemade baked falafel patties adorned with our tangy own tahinisauce and hummus with jersey fresh tomatoes & cucumbers and organic spring mix, carrots, and red cabbage in a big whole wheat wrapI'll definitely be back.  It's good stuff.  I like that they change the menu weekly.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,4/13/2012,111,155,7,5,6>In Collingswood, you can't throw a rock without hitting either an Italian restaurant or a hair salon. That being said, these establishments have to be a cut (pun!) above the rest to stand out. I've tried other salons in town, such as those who hide behind gimmicks, including but not limited to pretending to be an eco-friendly salon, and I always go back to Bauhaus. The staff are friendly, the salon has a great aesthetic, and most importantly, you look like a million bucks when you leave without having actually paid a million bucks.  The stylists are well-educated and I can honestly say that I feel comfortable in the chair of any Bauhaus stylist. If you are looking for an edgier haircut, this is the place to go without having to venture into the city. Last time I was in, I remarked to the owner, Louis, how it's great that diva-like behavior isn't the norm in this salon because, let's be honest, this isn't Beverly Hills. He replied, "This ain't even Cherry Hills!"   !!!!!!!!!!!The stylists are in demand and book up fast, so be sure to book your next appointment before you leave the salon.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,4/12/2012,152,350,,5,4>After facing blank stares when trying to order vigaron, a typical Nicaraguan dish, I found out that the original Nicaraguan owner sold the business a few month ago to people who are from Mexico. So now the menu has been narrowed, with less popular Nicaraguan dishes being ousted and Mexican food added. This barely posed a problem and I was able to order a ridiculous amount of Mexican and Nicaraguan food.First was the nacatamale ($4), a widely popular meat stuffed corn mush wrapped in a leaf. El Gallo Pinto's is a giant, a meal in itself, way bigger than the ones I had in Nicaragua. That isn't a positive or negative thing, just an observation. Inside the depths of its stuffing were two pieces of tender bone-on meat. A little salsa or some spicy sauce on the side would have made it even better.A  chicken empanada was served fried, piping hot, and topped with cotija cheese. It was delicious, though maybe a teeny bit small for $2, especially compared to the big portions of everything else we got.There was no way I could be upset that Nicaraguans no longer run the place after trying the milanesa torta the kitchen puts out ($6) with fried steak, beans, and avocado. This sandwich was amazing, it was perfect actually. The steak was alarmingly flavorful and expertly fried. If you are by yourself and not in the mood for a meat pig out (although I highly recommend going for the full on pig out) or if you need to take something to go, this should be your guy.Chancho (pork) con yuca ($8) is another typical Nicaraguan dish. I recall having it fried there, whereas here pork ribs were stewed in a bright sauce. It is served with boiled yuca and cabbage salad. The meat on the little ribs easily came off as I bit into them.You can't go to Nicaragua without having gallo pinto, a mix of beans and rice, and we couldn't leave here without trying some. For $10, a platter of it with carne asada also came with queso blanco, avocado, and some shredded "salad".  The gallo pinto tasted pretty legitimate but the flavor of the steak stole the show on this platter. I don't know what they do here to get their meat to taste so good. Plus its not just all more of the same, the carne asada tasted nothing like the chancho or the milanesa. Basically, they do everything well.Giant agua frescas are available for $3.50. We had the watermelon and it was so good I had to stop myself from chugging it.And while you can't get your drink, nacatamale, and a platter for under $5 like you can in Nicaragua, this place is a great value and the food is honest and impressive all at once. Looks like you do not have to be Nicaraguan to make great Nicaraguan food.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,4/11/2012,393,748,6,5,4>I found Pinsetter using the Yelp iPhone app (nice!)  upon learning that our local bowling alley had closed down.  We were really in the mood to bowl, apparently.  A search for the nearest bowling alley pointed us in the direction of Pinsetter, and off we went.  So thankful not only that the original bowling alley had closed, and even more thankful for the handy dandy app, because Pinsetter is one of the coolest places ever.As bowling alleys go, Pinsetter has all the greats:  clean, well-kept up lanes,  up-to-date technology, good ball selection (that's what she said), and lots of fun specials to help you have the maximum amount of bowling for the least amount of money ($2 games on weekdays, $10 per hour for an alley on Sundays after 4, etc.)    Even better, though, is their extensive menu - both for food and drinks.  Good food at a bowling alley?  I know, that sounds so strange.  It's strange to write.  But it is the truth.  The honest, delicious truth.    The food menu has all sorts of appetizers from crab and cheese dip, bruschetta, macaroni and cheese bites, pretzel bites with cheddar cheese dip, chips and guac... and you simply cannot go wrong with anything.   And if the appetizers don't tempt you, perhaps the regular menu will - inclusive of all different kinds of thin crust pizzas, grilled knockwurst, chicken parm sandwiches, various kinds of burgers, wraps, cold sandwiches, and salads.  Feel like indulging in a cocktail whilst bowling?  Perhaps it will help your game (it helps mine!)  You have a full bar to choose from, and an amazing specialty drink and martini list.  You haven't really bowled until you have done so while accompanied by a martini.  Really.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,4/10/2012,244,341,8,5,5>Don't forget to tip your shuckers!  We've stopped into Oyster House on many a Sansom stroll and never, not even once, have we ever received an oyster with even the slightest bit of sand or grit. Lots and lots of perfect oysters from oyster-shucking pros. Buck-a-Shuck happy hour is pretty excellent, but any time's a good time for oysters, if you're asking me.Great oysters of all persuasions can be found here: briny East Coasters, sweet, wavy-shelled West Coasters... I love them all. I do love an oyster.  I try not to drive everyone crazy with my absurd rants about potential East Coast, West Coast oyster feuds as they slosh around in our stomachs after one of our oyster feasts. I bring the oysters together. Malpeques, meet the oysters of Fanny Bay British Columbia! You oysters would have NEVER crossed paths if not for me. And now you oysters have found some common ground cause I'm gonna eat you all. So now I've said the word "oyster" thirteen times. Ah, that makes it fourteen. The point is, here's a the spot to try them all.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/9/2012,30,172,2,7,2>Best sandwiches in South Philly. I've been working in the neighborhood for 20 years and I've tried so many different places, some good some bad, all with their spin on the authentic South Philly style sandwich. Chickie's stands out as the hands down favorite among myself and my co-workers.Fresh local ingredients. Good sandwiches at good prices. Their menu has so many delicious things to choose from. Fried Tomato Special and Veggie Hoagie are my 2 faves but I find myself trying different things and I'm always happy. Corned beef special, roast pork with provolone, even their meatballs are top shelf. Another yelper suggested the Tuna Misto, gotta try that one of these times, and the Johnny Marz looks like a winner as well.Fast delivery (order early ~10 am if you want it for lunch) Friendly service :) Whether ordering 2 sandwiches or 20, they make you feel like you're their best customer. I could go wait in line for a half hour at another place and get treated like a shmuck, but I would rather enjoy my sandwich experience.Many other places will close for the day when they run out of Sarcone's rolls. Chickie's keeps on going with their back-up rolls. I forget which bakery they're from, I think Villotti? They tell you when you call if they are out of Sarcone's and ask if you don't mind the "other bread". Well I gotta tell ya, their sandwiches are just as good no matter what roll they are on.When it comes to South Philly Italian sandwiches, this place is the real deal, and it's run by good people. 5 Stars.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,7/14/2010,37,78,4,6,7>This bar looks sort of sketchy from the outside, but on the inside it's a cozy, laid-back place that hasn't been overrun by Fishtown hipsters yet. The beers (PBC) are cheap and when I went, they had free food for some reason! Free food is always a plus.The bartender cut his hand on some glass and, well, was under-staffed (just him), but overall the atmosphere was nice.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,7/13/2010,331,353,11,12,11>Damn you restaurant week!  Did you learn your tricks from a drug dealer...you let people sample your products cheap, get them hooked and then turn them out on the street craving more....at a higher price...I loved Del Frisco's!  We ordered off the restaurant week menu.  I went with the salad with apples and pecans...my date went with the asparagus bisque...both delish, though I loved the salad a tad more...We both ordered the filet (when in Rome...and all) and both were cooked to perfection....they came with a side of fancypants mashed potatoes....We also ordered a side of lobster mac & cheese....it was a tad over indulgent...we almost preferred it to not have lobster in it...For dessert, my date ordered the chocolate mousse, while I had the warmed bread pudding....the mousse was spot on...the warmed bread pudding was great, but after the mac and cheese, potatoes and warmed bread, I was a bit over-carbed...so while it was tasty, it was too heavy to finish.Bestest of all (I am making that a word) was the staff.  We were constantly swarmed by a flurry of helpful hands...and while there were many of them, they never ran the risk of being overbearing or intrusive.  Our main waiter, Jake, was perfect...everything was perfect and I can see why this place has a higher price tag in normal circumstances....Alas, Del Frisco's you have me hooked, but I don't know how quickly I can return to your warm caress.  While I am off in the world eating less worthy morsels, I will be thinking of you...
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2010,7/12/2010,133,370,4,9,6>So my guest and I missed the Yelp event here (sorry gang, I get up at 3am for work so 7:30 is really late during the week for me to be eating), but we went that night just at 5pm. The place was pretty much empty short of the staff, but did perk up around 6 and started to fill as we were leaving. I ordered both the peruvian and the shrimp cevices, as I love ceviche. The shrimp ceviche came out and it was truly the most sour thing I had eaten in my life, ever, and I've eaten raw goat live with bile ducts intact when I was in Mwanza, Tanzania. Yes, popcorn and plaintain chips, but nothing could stand up to the shattering power of sour and spice in this dish. I couldn't finish it as it was simply inedible, and sent it back. Well, turns out the kitchen had made a mistake, and sent out the shrimp in the brining sauce for the peruvian ceviche. They corrected the dish and brought it out made properly, and it was very nice. The orange juice gave it a great sweetness, although at that point straight vinegar would have tasted kinda sweet.Wondering if the concoction of cooking brines would start cooking my insides, I move on to the peruvian ceviche. frozen corn on the side, with slices of cooked sweet potato. It was surprisingly bland for as strong as the marinade was, and was very fresh, on Saturday. Today it smelled a touch past its prime. I left half of it on the plate. For my meal I ordered the ribeye, as it's my favorite cut and this version was simply cooked with no sauces, so the quality of the meat and cooking skills of the chef were all I had to rely on. I ordered it medium rare, it came out medium well but after sending back two dishes I didn't have the heart to send this back as well. The grilled tomato on the plate was a few days past fresh, which was slightly sad as I love grilled tomato.On to the meat. Bland for a ribeye, I needed to salt it. it was a decent cut for the price, a teensy bit tough. For the price, you're getting what you pay for. Service was attentive, keeping out water glasses full throughout the meal. Our young waiter did an admirable job handling two dishes with issues and a third sent back when I noticed the glass bowl it came in was gashed at the top. I skipped dessert.So it's good. The staff needs to pay more attention to preparation (chipped dishes, wrong sauces, overcooked meats) but the hosts and hostesses are attentive and pleasant. There's also outside seating which looked very inviting. Overall, a strong three stars, with a fourth in the wing if they clean up the prep.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2009,7/11/2010,121,177,3,8,7>I've been here once but I do plan to come again. I know, it seems like I'm running on a 3-star spree. But honestly, my first trip to Leila Cafe was just plain average. I do plan to return though because I'm seeing many more positive reviews and I did enjoy their food.Unfortunately, I didn't have the appetite for all that food! It was so much and I was definitely not prepared for that. Kudos for great portions :) The falafel my friend had was cooked just fine and the hummus was delicious. We were served more than enough pita for the table and my chicken was juicy and tender.I'm guessing I went to Leila Cafe when it just started out, which was about two months ago. Again, I'm sure a lot has changed since then. The waiters who tended to our needs seemed awkward to my friends but I thought they were fine.I do plan to return though and am looking forward to it :)
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,7/10/2010,32,331,11,6,7>I think tofu is gross.  And gnarly.Tofu hoagie.  If it can be deemed nommable by me, then you're definitely gonna love it.Tofu hoagie for prez.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,7/9/2010,82,189,38,14,16>If I never have sex again, I will have had Han Dynasty. This place rings my prostate like a doorbell. A glowing, stuck doorbell that won't stop blinking and making noise.For my New York readers, Han Dynasty is similar in spirit and menu to Grand Sichuan on 7th Av. S. And in many ways, it's even better.Cumin lamb.Spicy crunchy cucumbers.Dan dan noodles.So many divine, perfectly prepared items. All delicious beyond words. Unless your words are, Please paint my nipples with chili oil, spank me with chopsticks, tell me I've been bad, then feed me the most delicious, spicy meal of my life.If you've got even a tiny bit of room left, head around the corner to Franklin Fountain for dessert. (But be warned the heavy tourist crowds.)
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,7/8/2010,828,1172,8,13,15>It rarely happens (actually that's a bull faced lie, but I choose to plead the 5th on the other accounts), But surprisingly there comes a rare occasion where McThrill is dead wrong! Yes I know your completely and utterly shocked, But there's just some situations where I have to come clean and admit it. And with that said, I really need to jump in and change my original stance on Sam's Morning Glory Diner (yelp.com/topic/philadelp).In admitting my lack of better judgment, I do feel that I have to explain myself. And honestly my stance wasn't so much based on what I knew, but what people told me about it (you're reading this off a review site, so at least it's something that we're all guilty of to a degree :D). I've heard a lot of people absolutely rave about Morning Glory, but they all had one thing in common. The single solitary thing that they all used to try to lure me in was something that I consider to be the most ungodly of condiments: Ketchup (yelp.com/topic/philadelp). So naturally by my stance on the foul beast of a tomato, I wasn't very impressed. But what's more, out of an entire restaurant that these people raved about, homemade ketchup was the only thing that they could tell me about? As a result it gave me the misconception that Sam's was more than a little bit gimmicky. But it finally took someone who was capable of telling me about everything else to make me want to jump on the wagon. and let's just say that everything else sent me to food heaven, even more so when I tried it!Had I have known off the bat that a visit to Sam's Morning Glory gave me the chance to procure challah French toast stuffed with banana's and mangoes, and plated alongside whipped cream and caramel, then my belly would have been jumping with joy from the aftermath a long time ago! But the fact that I was also provided with a side of turkey sausage that came from a local farm, a fresh baked homemade muffin, and homemade cranberry jelly (These are the homemade things that you want to tell someone about people!) was beyond amazing. Out of curiosity I also tried the ketchup, and as you may guess, its still not my bag.Another thing I have to voraciously applaud is Morning Glory's service. Lets face it the weekend brunch crowd and wait can oftentimes be more hardcore than it is at most bars and restaurants. And since I saw the porch way that people waiting for a seat at, and the good sized waiting list, Morning Glory is no exception. And that can be kind of hardcore to the people serving and running the show. So when my party of two was called up during a time when my dining partner was running 10-15 minutes late, I was a bit worried that the proverbial shit was going to hit the fan. But the hostess and our server were extremely accommodating, understanding, and friendly every step of the way despite it. And what could be better then that? How about the fact that we were offered a short stack of pancakes from one of their awesome cooks! and were not just talking ordinary pancakes; we're talking pancakes that were stuffed with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and just a tinge of chocolate. And that fellow Yelpers is your moment of zen!So while it might be a long shot one way or the other, as long as admitting I'm wrong leads to a brunch environment that's pure heaven on earth, I might just to admit it more often. But then again, nothing is as right as a plate that's filled with fruity pancakes. And for that Morning Glory is pure bliss! And be sure to check their dessert menu for some of the freshest pie that you ever did see!
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2010,7/7/2010,125,201,14,13,11>Happy Rooster is like a friend you don't see too often. You get together, and you're thinking "Man, this is great. Why don't we hang out more??" By the end of the night, though, you remember exactly why you never call this person first.Cozy and dark, with roosters all over and big, comfy booths that encourage conversation, I like the space here. The bartender and wait staff are friendly and accommodating and just a pleasure to be around. This has the makings of a great bar, except that, unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot to drink.Clearly the Happy Rooster isn't focusing on beer, but a list with Chimay Red and Boddington's as the best options just doesn't cut it in Philadelphia - it is not a good thing when the jacked up deli on the corner has a more interesting, less expensive beer selection than your bar. I usually opt for a glass of wine here, and that list, too, seems a little limited and a little pricey. That goes for the bar menu as well. An order of fries, at $7, could have used another minute or two in the fryer and some salt. We also tried the mozzarella with tomato and roasted pepper, which was a disaster of a snack. The mozzarella puck earned itself two comparisons to shoes (my friend said leather, but I was thinking more along the lines of a rubbery sole, myself), the tomato sauce was sadly lacking in verve, and the two shreds of pepper on top just made the whole thing a little more pitiable. This was difficult to eat and the opposite of delicious, but the kindly bartender told us they had just changed the dish, so hopefully it's only temporary.Happy Rooster has a lot going for it, but in a city where you can't spit without hitting a top-notch drinking establishment (and believe me, I've tried), it's not quite up to par.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2010,7/5/2010,24,181,10,7,6>I don't typically do the whole "let's go somewhere different for dessert", but when the preggers future cousin in law wants to try Max Brenner who am I to drag my feet?I'm just going to throw out some bullet points because I don't feel like composing my thoughts.+ Very clever of them to pipe chocolaty aromas into the entrance vestibule+ Upon entry, my eyes rest upon a scene of pure havoc - families with hyperactive, overstimulated, sticky kids mixed amongst "girls' night out" parties satisfying their sweet tooths+ Who in their right mind would eat a full meal here and follow it up with their own dessert? Six of us shared two desserts.+ This place is like a fancy pants Friendly's.+ What's with this Max Brenner guy? Maybe I'll start incorporating my likeness into my signature and inserting my name into normal words too. That's not a chipwich, it's a Bobwich!All stupid complaints aside, I have to give credit where credit is due - that's some good chocolate. Enough for me to want to eat here? Not really, but that's some good chocolate.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,7/4/2010,2553,1314,11,14,13>Let's get one thing straight: like all of Jose Garces' establishments, Village Whiskey is not for the faint of wallet.  With that said, what you will get is an excellent cocktail that should make the hefty price tag worthwhile... if, you choose wisely. Example #1: Good ChoiceI enjoyed an old fashioned that had somewhere in the neighborhood of 2.5 ounces of bourbon.  I was surprised at the lack of muddled orange and cherry garnish and when I questioned the bartender, he said that a true old fashioned is made with bitters, sugar and lemon only.  The muddled cherry and orange is actually a more modern take on the drink.  I always enjoy a little history lesson with my cocktail and I will certainly keep this knowledge in my back pocket for a later date.Example #2: Not-So-Good ChoiceFor my second drink, I went with the bartender's suggestion and tried the corpse reviver 2.5.  This fancy pants drink was tasty for sure, but definitely not something I would invest in again when I could be sinking my teeth into a gigantic burger for three dollars less instead.  See what I mean about choosing wisely?Next time, I will be more conscientious about my drink selection.  I will also be tearing up the dinner menu.  The burgers that surrounded me on this visit looked fantastic, and I loved the interesting selection of toppings that are available as add-ons.  Oh, and duck fat fries with short ribs and Sly Fox cheddar sauce?  Yes, please.  Jose, you da man.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,5/29/2012,84,382,2,5,3>The options by the stadiums are limited - either being crammed in at McFadden's or in the crowds at Chickie's & Pete's (and then walking a half mile). I was pretty skeptical about the opening of Xfinity Live! and I have to say, this is really impressive. Is it crowded? Definitely. Be prepared to wait in a few lines. Is it expensive? A little - but no more than typical stadium pricing. The outdoor patio by Victory Beer Hall is wonderful - picnic tables, a fire pit, and an outside bar. The inside (the Marketplace) is a little tough to navigate with VIP seating and bars in the center, but everything is well marked and the crowds were moving. - Happy hour M-F from 4-6. Half price drafts, which means Victory Golden Monkey for an easy to swallow $3.50. [NOTE: Since changed to Thur & Fri only at Victory; M-F at Broad Street Bullies]- You can go straight to the patio if you go through the back entrance. The outdoor bar at Victory didn't ever seem to be TOO crowded as well. - You can walk around with your beer, but it has to be in a plastic cup (convenient stacks located by the doors).
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,5/28/2012,182,117,3,5,5>Ysc, formerly RocketSports is hands down the best soccer facility in and around Philly burbs. With both indoor and outdoor fields padded with Sprinturf, it satiates most soccer needs throughout the year. In addition to the 7v7 leagues in three division that we usually sign up for, they also offer Soccer camps for all ages along with the youth development plan for the Union. Their staff is pretty awesome at scheduling and managing the games. A shout out to Charlie D. and Joe L.  for helping with our team.For the leagues you can either sign up as a team for 1000$ or as an individual to be added to the House team for 100$. The competition is pretty good , and you can sign up in an A,B or C, Over 35 and Co-ed  league according to your skill levels.I know there are many places and social clubs around the city that offer Scrimmages, but if you are really interested in a top notch experience, you wouldn't have to look any further than YSC.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/27/2012,134,241,3,8,9>We ended up at Rex 1516 Sunday night, almost on a whim.  Considering the almost 80 restaurants I have had bookmarked for months, to end up at a place that's only been open a week and a half seemed spontaneous and a bit impulsive, but I'm happy to say it paid off.When we arrived, the place was completely empty, so we sat at the bar for a drink before dinner.  I had an opportunity to take a few pictures ... I love the decor and atmosphere.  There are about 10-12 seats at the bar, a vintage sofa with a cocktail table directly below the flat-screen, a 6-top in a corner next to a gorgeous vintage mirror, and 10 2-tops that can be easily reconfigured for 4 or more.  We ordered our drinks and I got to watch the manager teach the bartender how to make a Sazerac (delish!)  We talked to the manager and bartender as well as several other staff members.  They are still working out a few tiny kinks, but they sure are trying hard.  Had a great time at the bar and met another couple who recommended the burger for dinner.  (and D'OH!  now I know who this lovely couple was ... none other than Jill Weber and Evan Malone.  How cool of them to keep such a low profile.  But I still feel sheepish for not recognizing them.)Headed off to our table and read over the menu, but I could not get that burger off my mind.  Our server described the "house grind" (which includes pork belly) as "transcendental".  Not one to pass on an otherworldly experience, I barely glanced at the rest of the menu.  My date ordered the salmon, and we also ordered the fig bruschetta for an app.  The fig bruschetta was excellent, super crispy baguette toasts with goat cheese, onions and fig.  yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw  Very well balanced and nicely priced.  The taste of salmon I stole was exceptional. yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw  Very tender and flavorful, nice portion size.  He thought it was not quite as "buttery" as  some.  The burger came out a perfect medium-rare, and loaded up with thick crispy bacon and bleu cheese. yelp.com/biz_photos/oGMw.  I had subbed the side salad with fries.  The fries were ever-so-slightly underdone, but tasty non-the-less.  The burger really was exceptional and I highly recommend it.  It's unlike any burger in the city.  Is it the best?  Not sure about that, but likely the most unique meat burger I have had in years.  Not to be missed, for sure.  We shared a honey brioche bread pudding for dessert which was sinfully good.  Also highly recommended.  They have several wine choices and cocktails, along with an impressive bottled beer selection.  Service is stellar ... exceptionally friendly and attentive.  Water glasses are filled regularly and when I left the table for a trip to the ladies room, I returned to the table to find my napkin perfectly rolled at my place setting.  Nice touch for a pretty casual place, and much appreciated.  If the hard work and enthusiasm we experienced last night is any indication of where this place is headed, Rex 1516 will be huge.  Get in there before everyone knows about it.  I really love this place and will be back soon.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,5/26/2012,89,267,3,10,3>I was brought here by friend and fellow Yelp!er "Pamela K." who has done nothing but rave about this place for months now. I finally acquiesced and I couldn't be happier that I did. The food is fresh, the restaurant is clean and the service is outstanding. First key to eating on the cheap -- BYOB! Score. Franco runs the show here. He cooks, serves, and plays gracious host with ease. He treats you like family - lets you know what goodness he has just concocted today (house-made Chipotle sauce on the day I went) and is super-accommodating. I don't eat meat and although there are not a ton of veggie options on the menu Franco will whip you something up to suit your tastes in a heartbeat. I requested the fried plantains as someone here suggested. They were excellent, thick-cut. I typically like mine a little thinner but these were AWESOME. Also, I split an order of fried plantains and had a burrito with beans and rice on the side. Total bill? 9.58. Yep, you read that right. Rachel Ray... bring your "$40/day"  -- and walk out with change! After eating lots of delicious real Mexican down in Hammonton (migrant workers are particular about  their Mexican :) and even some in Philly, I can say that this is one of the best spots around.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/25/2012,110,111,,5,6>I grew up in kitchens and learned how to cook the old fashioned way: by taste, feel, and intuition. My aversion to precision and cookbooks would make Alton Brown cringe.Nevertheless, I decided it was a good idea to begin brewing beer, despite the fact that my distate for rigid formulas, math, and patience make me a classic example of the type of person who should avoid homebrewing at all costs.When I entered Brew Your Own Bottle for the first time, I did not know what to expect -- although I was certain the owner, Brett, would peg me as a fraud before the door shut behind me.If he did, it wasn't apparent. I asked him stupid questions. I needed him to repeat some answers a few times before I could grasp certain concepts. I called him on the phone for help later on while brewing my first beer and then drove quickly back to the store after I broke my hydrometer before ever using it.None of this deterred him. He answered each question with the same calm demeanor and relentless patience. He also cut me breaks on the cost of a new hydrometer and gave me some spare parts that I lost along the way for free. With each passing visit my inability to wrap my mind around a certain concept or my reluctance to change the way I thought about the process of brewing persisted but Brett always remained incredibly helpful and levelheaded. I think he views my questions as a challenge and that sparks his creative side. Whenever I tell him I want to brew something new but I have no clear idea of what I want to make or how to make it, he offers suggestions and then breaks out pencil and paper to jot down a new recipe that he's making up just for my benefit. Not many store owners would go that far out of their way to appease a stubborn customer who is probably better off not brewing beer at all but that's exactly what keeps me coming back to Brew Your Own Bottle. Brett provides great customer services and gives an incompetent novice such as myself the confidence to realize I can brew good beers. He helps to make the otherwise tedious process of homebrewing surmountable, challenging, and exciting.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,5/24/2012,98,260,2,8,4>Who knew? Who knew something this snazzy existed in Wilmington? We went here this past weekend to celebrate a francophile's birthday with some wine, cheese, and a charcuterie plate. The location is a bit strange. You're puttering through the hospital area of Wilmington and all of a sudden enter a quite dimly lit romantic-type restaurant. The decor is a little old fashioned, but it fits nicely. We decided to get a few 1.5 oz pours so we could try a bunch of different wines. My boyfriend went for beer instead, they have a pretty solid selection of beer as well.The staff was more than willing to make suggestions and pairings which was super helpful. There were I believe 8 cheese selections (which rotate). We split a 5 cheese plate and were really pleased with the variety and taste of each of the cheeses.I'm a bit anti-pork products, but my friends really loved the charcuterie plate. It came with duck pate that night which was really yummy paired with the spicy mustard. They seem to have a really awesome happy hour: $3 3oz pours from 5-7pm as well.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/23/2012,110,202,3,5,5>I chose this place for my birthday dinner.  I liked that there were gluten-free options (celiac friends), vegetarian options (non-meat eating friends) and reasonably priced food (broke-ass friends). I loved the bright decor and the friendly service.  The consensus around the table was that the food was a bit dry and the desserts were better than the entrees.  I sampled the tequenos: fried cheese in dough - what's not to like? The plantains: tasty but a bit dry and the cheese could have been more melted  (they were ok but not as good as Dos Segundo's plantains). The pernil arepa: tasty pork but overall a bit dry. Now for the desserts: I went with the Classico hot chocolate.  It was so thick and decadent.  I actually ate it with a spoon instead of drinking it.  My friends had some other desserts, including the churros and the flan - both received high praise.  This is a pretty good spot for a casual dinner with a large group of friends.  It's even better if you're just looking for some delicious dessert.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,5/22/2012,125,201,4,6,7>Lately, every time I reach the "sounds good, where should we meet up?" portion of the conversation, the answer's been "South Philly Tap Room!" I've been here 3 times in the past week, so these people are obviously doing things right.The drafts are well-chosen and diverse, with multiple and varied styles. The list changes all the time and always acknowledges the season (pumpkin cider in the fall, Christmas ale a little later in the fall, etc. etc.), and I love that. This is a good place to bring people who love double imperial hopmonster pales AND people who love malty chocolatey caramely coffee-y  stouts AND adventurous types who just want to try something new. Vegetarians will do well here, and most of the food is priced well, in or around the $10 range, so you can eat and drink a couple pints without breaking the bank. The special potato tacos are super filling and they come with a salad that is basically barely chopped salsa fresca, with tons of cilantro (into it). The grilled cheese and tomato soup is my current favorite iteration of this comfort dish, with thick Texas toast, smoked cheddar, and a better-than-average side salad (I'm talking avocado) too.It gets a little loud on weekends, but I always seem to hear Iggy and Gang of Four over the din, which makes me feel right at home. The seating situation seems a little confusing when you first walk in, but it's spacious, so there will be enough room for you and your friends. Final note: awesome jukebox.
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,5/21/2012,161,818,2,9,6>While most folks write Yelp reviews about the Church's ability to be used as a venue for community and cultural activities and concerts, I'm writing about the raison d'etre of this magnificent Furness building itself, the First Unitarian Universalist faith, which is also my chosen faith.The wonderful building is indeed a national treasure.  Within its walls and the walls of its predecessor edifice, some of the most ardent abolitionists sat in its pews or addressed the congregation.  Some of the country's Founding Fathers also sat in its pews and shared their notion of liberal Christianity.  Joseph Priestly, spiritual mentor and religious coach to Thomas Jefferson, preached here in the early 1800s.  Virtually the entire Adams dynasty sat here.  The sense of history and the weight of tradition is quite noticeable in this church.  Some of the earliest same sex unions in the nation happened here.  Some of the first calls for women's suffrage happened here.  And definitely, the entire slavery abolitionist movement before the Civil War found its strongest adherent here too.And as well, the church today continues on its wonderful tradition of liberal Christianity and full acceptance of every person's spiritual voyage.  Reverend Nate Walker is a wonderful orator and his sermons are both light-hearted and heavy with meaning.  The full pews every weekend are a collection of every facet and face of America.  A wonderful experience.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,5/20/2012,308,271,3,7,6>I wish there were more stars. This place was simply amazing, from start to finish.My better half and I came here on a Wednesday night for a midweek treat and to use a Savored promotion for a discount. I have a great deal of food allergies and don't get a lot of satisfying restaurant meals, but I had heard that the chef here is very accommodating, so I emailed their general email address from the website about my restrictions and they assured me they could handle it.I had no doubts. I've walked by this place a million times, always meaning to try it, having heard a million good things and smelled the enticing aromas in the summer when they open the windows, and boy was I not disappointed. The chef suggested an escargots starter modified slightly to suit my allergies, and the duck entree also slightly modified. My last fancy dinner was a disappointment at Ela with a failure of a duck breast, so I was very excited to give this place a chance to fulfill my duck craving and see how they do within my limitations. I cook a lot at home and do pretty well, all things considered, but I'm no pro.I cleaned every plate. I don't remember the last time I did that at a restaurant. The escargots, a nice portion of seven plump snails and a hash of crisp pancetta cubes and confit tomatoes with a herb butter was simply phenomenal. The escargots were so tender, the pairing with the tomato added a nice brightness to cut through the butter and pancetta, which lent a crispness. It was just incredibly delicious, possibly one of the last things I'd like to eat while on this earth. E got the scallop special and I stole a bite of seared scallop. Perfect caramelization, impossibly tender and sweet.Then came the entrees! E got the pork tenderloin and boy howdy that thing was huge. Perfectly cooked (although if you can't deal with some pink in your pork, let them know because it was on the medium side), and piled atop a mix of Israeli couscous (which had a few small clumps, which is literally the only criticism I have been able to find), apples, fresh herbs, and a cider reduction. He demolished it. My duck breast went above and beyond what I imagined. So tender, the skin so crispy  it shattered between my molars, the red wine reduction was so perfectly balanced, roast fingerlings lightly crisped outside and fluffy inside, slender haricot verts just toothsome enough. I want it again right now. I dragged it out as long as I could, savored every single bite. There was even more to the dish I can't even list it all, it just was so phenomenal and abided by all my restrictions perfectly. We can't wait to go back!Total damage before discount was $75 even. Our Savored discount brought it down to $58.50 so we left a really healthy tip. That's so cheap it should be criminal for a meal like that. It was also a healthy amount of food, none of that twee modernist cuisine BS. Service was attentive but not overbearing, ambience was like a nice cozy neighborhood bistro. The place is cash only and a BYO. We brought a bottle of red Cote du Rhone 2007 and it complimented everything very well.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,12/4/2010,17,76,1,7,2>Happened to catch JG Domestic appearing in OpenTable and having reservations for it's first, official open night to the public and took advantage of the opportunity that I stumbled upon. Overall Jose Garces new restaurant was a great experience, a novel setting for Philadelphia in the Cira Centre blending clean, modern space with a rustic, organic twist on decor and delivering completely on the American-sourced food concept. There were out of a few of the featured menu items, but we were late at 9pm and on opening night this is understandable/forgiveable in light of how smooth everything else went.Pros-Food- the menu read very delicious and we skipped the problem of having to choose anything by going with the tasting menu, which saw us a host of delicious options (many of which not on the a la carte menu) including the stand out big-eye tuna which I would happily take instead of the sold-out scallops. Courses were on the small side, but shareable and numerous. Main dishes were the wild boar, marvesta prawns, Idaho potato cassoulet and kabocha squash, and we wrapped with out of this world beignets with a Makers Mark butterscotch for dipping. Amazing except the blob of vanilla mousseline was a bit puzzling. -Space- a pretty unique space, particularly among the Philadelphia dining scene. The lobby of the Cira Centre is light, clean modern design and JG Domestic fills some of this space with a dash of rustic personality with natural-finished wood and an inventive arrangement of indoor plants. Seating is appropriately spaced and the place hit the right balance on the noise level so it felt energetic but allowed for intimate conversation.-Drinks- maybe a highlight of our entire evening we started with some of the hand-made cocktails -the Adirondack was a particular favorite being refreshing and novel without being served up, since it's still important to drink like a man. The wine list was well thought out with strictly American wines from all over. Props for including the Dunham Cabernet from Walla Walla, Washington.-Meeting Jose Garces - as it was opening night the chef himself was out making the rounds and we were treated to a brief, friendly audience with the man on the scene.Cons-Bread- this is a quibble I'd address to Amada too (JG's flagship) but on the cheese plates (delicious fondue and traditional cheese plate) there were four little grilled bread slivers. This is certainly not enough for the generous helping of fondue and barely serves the leaner portions of the cheese plate. Time to balance the ratio of cheese to bread. We were given 4 and needed 13 to polish of the fondue, the troubling part was having to ask 3 times.-Parking- $21 bucks in the Cira Centre lot if you stay longer than 2 hours makes the $17.50 valet look more like a deal. Better suggestion, train to 30th street station, cab or walk.
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,12/2/2010,1135,197,13,11,8>I survived Trader Joe's and I didn't have to slap anybody!!Philadelphians may have difficulty understanding what I mean by that but any New Yorker completely gets me about the "slapping" part. From my experience living in big cities such as Chicago and New York City...Trader Joe's is a nightmare and brawl-fest. It's nothing like the "fancy" suburb Trader Joe's I have heard of with huge spacious aisles, green grass and tulips. lolI am actually really happy with the Philadelphia Trader Joe's! It's a fantastic size for a city location and from my experience they are always stocked with all my favorite TJ goodies!It's a pretty quick and easy experience and the parking lot as well as the subway located outside the door is freaking AWESOME! Plus they are open till 10pm! For us "Normal Folks" who go grocery shopping at 9pm! I still think the employees must be on some type of hard core drugs or they provide some type of smoked up hippie van for their lunch breaks...because they are so freaking amazingly nice and helpful. You almost want to go donate money or do some good in the world after shopping at Trader Joe's... imagine that? :)
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,12/1/2010,50,75,7,8,6>CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.lemon ricotta pancakes. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.no wait to be seated, friendly server, delicious iced coffee. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,11/30/2010,29,89,3,9,5>This is the first time I've ever re-reviewed any place (on earth). I just got home from another great meal at El Camino and I felt it would be a disservice not to give this place 5 stars. The moist beef brisket was a revelation! With no additional sauce needed, the meat was tender, flavorful, and delicious. Complimented with texas toast and pickles, it was as good as it gets. The chips and salsa were also top notch; I love the extra spice they add to the chips. Finally, $20 for a margarita pitcher that poured us about 6 glasses... that's a great price around philly. El Camino, you complete me.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/29/2010,85,324,4,7,4>Where to begin? Just thinking about the food here is making me salivate...It's a no frills little shop on 42nd and Baltimore. Seating and decor is limited. There are maybe four seats indoors and possibly that much outdoors. The limitations end here.Everything I have had here has been between good to downright delicious. I'm not an expert on Indian food, but I've eaten some Indian food and this is the some best non-fancy, non Indian friend cooked food you can get. This includes:Chicken Biryani-moist chicken with spices and rice. Hot enough to make you sweat a little but not unpleasant in the least. Utterly delectable.The samosa(s)pl?-I thought New Delhi's samosas were the best in Philly. Well, Desi Chaat beats New Delhi's hands down. Either the meat or the vegetarian samosa are chock full of potatoes and vegetables. The meat is flavorful. The outer skin of the samosas are perfectly baked to a nice crispy golden brown. And this is before they will give them a dose of your favorite sauce and/or chick peas. The green sauce(which name escapes me) is so fresh it jumps on your taste buds.The chaat's-Lamb, chicken, vegetarian, fruit you name it. They'll whip it up. The lamb is probably my favorite, but the chicken is good too. From mild to hot, they've got the spice level. Let them know you are a chaat newbie and they'll adjust. Or in my case(the addict/veteran) they'll change up the spices and levels to give a new experience to a familiar dish.The Lassi-Smooth, sweet, and ridiculously hard not to finish before you get home with your treasures.The owners started offering a free cocktail if you become their Facebook fan. I had a mix of pineapple, cherry and other juices that was refreshing and fantastic.Service is prompt and the owner/managers are very friendly. It's the epitome of what a small restaurant/eatery should be.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,11/28/2010,110,111,5,20,28>The first taste of scrippelle soup overwhelmed me with great emotion. You see, six years ago, my mother passed away. As you might imagine, it was quite possibly the darkest time in my life. To boot, my Nonna also moved back to Abruzzo. She lived with us and helped to raise me. I felt like I lost two parents in the same year.For the purpose of this review, I will simply state that I'm destined to never again eat as well as I did in my youth -- but please recognize that, in reality, this is among the more trivial of my concerns.So, here I was, sitting in this adorable trattoria, not far from where I grew up, excited by the promise of the typical fare from days gone by: arosticini, scippelle, arancini, maccheroncini alla chitarra, and so on. Le Virtu did not disappoint on any front.I thoroughly enjoyed everything I sampled and found it all to be completely authentic, from the complimentary fried dough to the Montepulciano to the chef barking orders in Italian. However, nothing could ever top that initial spoonful of soup and the memories it brought with it.The scrippelle soup tasted exactly like Nonna used to make. As absurd as it may sound to you, it was a connection to my Abruzzese family and, in that one fleeting instant, everything felt like it was back to normal again.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,11/25/2010,250,550,8,13,15>It is a cold, blustery day.  I have the sniffles.  I am mildly miserable.  I decide that pho is the solution to this.  I sit down and order my pho bo vien and coconut juice before it hits me: the memory of an old girlfriend first introducing me to this place.  The shapes in my mind crystallize all at once.  We are walking from the train.  I am gently teasing her as she forgets how to find it.  The way she instructs me on the art of eating pho. The way her ears peek out from behind her hair.  The tiny cut on her finger she asks me to inspect later that day.  The look on her face as she talks about her anxiety over finals.   The look on her face always.  I am given little time to savor the memories, as the pho arrives mere moments after ordering.  I add my garnishes--basil, lime, bean sprouts, jalapenos--and sauces--lots of sriracha, less so the hoison and fish sauce--and take my first bite.  It is as rich and rewarding  as I remember, if not more so.  It has been years now but, when I am being completely honest with myself, I still love her.  The coconut juice counterbalances the heat perfectly.  I think of the way it ended and the hurt.  But I also think of the things I gained in the time we spent together and the person I am now because of it.I came to Pho 75 for warmth against the winter chill; I left warmed by memories of things lost but not forgotten.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,11/24/2010,286,176,11,19,17>you ever have one of those sundays where you wake up at noon, feeling nice 'n well rested after a long, holiday weekend filled with family, friends & concerts, and you are hard-core, nothing-else-will-satisfy-me craving falafel? no? oh. well, maybe that's just me. falafel is rather hard to come by out in delco, yet is one of my absolute favorites when made right (and trust me, it can be made very, very wrong!) so when i awoke with such a craving this, um, afternoon, i decided to act on it and drove to mama's on the advice of many an entrusted yelper. while initially worried that my impulse to head to a restaurant with a serious case of bed head and wearing the sweats that i had slept in may not have been such a wise idea, i breathed a huge sigh of relief when i saw what a casual establishment this is. and a popular one at that - it was hopping when i was there, with mostly an orthodox jewish crowd. i can only imagine what they thought of disheveled me....esp if they knew i was a [distant] member of the tribe!after waiting maybe 5 minutes for the 3 people in front of me to be served, i ordered a large sandwich ($6) on a whole wheat pita (nice!) which was loaded with falafel, tahini, tomatoes, cucumber, cabbage and hot sauce. it was heavenly. srsly. i ate it there and savored each and every bite. unlike places like maoz where the sandwich-making is DIY style, this one was perfectly made for me, with even proportions of veggies/falafel throughout so that the first bite was just as perfect as the last. and the balls themselves were delicious - warm, moist and flavorful. (heads out of the gutter, boys!!)i also got a latke ($1.75) to go, which made for a nice dinner. while not the typical potato pancake i am used to mom making for hannukah, i enjoyed the flavors from the additional vegetables (carrots? celery? not sure...) and would order this again as i definitely anticipate future visits to mama's. now, if only i could get downtown on a weekday to order from the infamous truck....
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,11/23/2010,350,249,9,7,8>This is a geek mecca. The shortest way I can describe this place to anyone: "It's like Newegg, but in a brick & mortar store." The prices aren't as great but you can't beat the convenience with selection of virtually everything that runs on power and can remotely be considered a computing device, a part thereof or an accessory to.I can't pick out my favorite part. It's all my favorite part. Cables, cords, adapters, networking equipment, some digital cameras (both pocket & a "meh" selection of DLSRs), hdd storage, flash media, peripherals and input devices out the ass, software that I'm sure most people never peruse, video game systems, games, every little part to build your own PC tower - procs, mobos, ram, vid cards, case fans cases, etc. etc. etc. (If you're one of those losers who likes to waste time, frustrate yourself and fluff your epeen only to put an inferior operating system like Windows on it. And after you've wasted $1500 in man-hours building your tower from scratch and customizing every little facet of its inferiority to your liking, proceed to exclaim how much Macs are a waste of money. Or perhaps you're buying that PC hardware to frankenstein the piece of shit that's 3 generations old with shit constantly breaking instead of just buying a whole new system.)At any rate, the store staff is plentiful and helpful. They're almost too helpful, a hair below "Radioshack creepy."I'm a big fan of the "impulse buy" stuff stocked by the checkout counter corral. Upon my last visit, I considered picking up an extra $6 toolkit of mini screwdrivers and whatnots in case some friend wants me to fix their piece of shit Windows PC.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,11/22/2010,85,187,5,6,8>Strolling Old City just minutes before the Phillies were about to start, we ducked into Crocodile because it didn't look too crowded, the game was on, and there wasn't a line  of freshly-turned 21-year-olds clad in sparkly shirts and mini skirts forming out the door.We nabbed seats at the bar and the bartender informed us of the specials: $3 everything and a free pizza with every drink ordered.  Whaaaaa?!  I spied the craft beer list, ordering a $6 Exit 4, challenging the bartender to only charge me half of that... and he did.  AND he threw in the personal pizza to go with it.  As the game started, more people continued to trickle in, and by the time the first run was scored, there was a jovial crowd developing to cheer on our boys on several flat screens that ran the full length of the bar. So okay, the pizza wasn't great.  My group and I decided it's just a touch above skating rink pizza.  However, they give you all the fixin's you can sprinkle and again, it's free!When all was said and done, we got out of there having lapped up 2 craft beers, a top shelf cocktail, 4 domestic brews and 3 mini pies  for just $21. This has got to be the best happy hour/Phillies special deal in Old City.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,10/4/2007,10,10,,5,2>I didn't plan on getting a dog. I went to Petsmart in South Philly with my boyfriend and it happened to be PAWS adoption day. So, I checked out the dogs they had. One of them was Parker. PAWS was a good experience in terms of adoption. Although the dogs at Petsmart are supposed to be neutered, Parker wasn't, so he could go home with us right away. It took a week before he was neutered and ready to come home. The hours for pick up are until 11 pm and the staff was friendly. I wouldn't say the place is super professional, but it's run by a bunch of dedicated volunteers and they only charged me $33 for Parker and that included his neutering, microchipping and shots.  They also answered all my questions.If you are looking for a pet, I'd highly recommend PAWS.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2007,10/3/2007,21,64,1,5,4>Hugely popular (as is obvious from all its Yelping), but needs more room!  The place is tiny, and if you go during peak times (I won't even think of it for weekend brunch), you will wait (usually for about 20 minutes) for a table.Another one of those places where they call the shots.  If you are one of those people who thinks they can go somewhere and make nitpicky requests, you'll be greeted with an eyeroll.  That said, the servers are efficient - never overly exuberant, but friendly enough.The food tends to take a while because the place is so damn busy, but it never sits around and is made fresh - it arrives piping hot, and is always fresh, delicious and generally healthy.I also have a thing for their coffee - it is sooo good.  I think it is just Le Colombe, but the big stainless steel mugs give it something.I definitely recommend it, just be sure to check it out during off-peak times.
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,10/2/2007,152,369,,4,3>Exhausted from painting and moving things all day, my family and I stumbled into Tacconelli's, wine in tow, at 8:00pm on a Saturday night (thankfully we knew  to reserve our dough balls ahead).Walking in, this looks like Any Mom and Pop Pizzeria, America. Lovingly decorated and brightly lit, Tacconelli's ushers you in with a welcoming scent of garlic.Now, onto our pizzas. Holy on the thin crusted amazingness. The spinach and fresh tomato pizza was perfection coated in garlicky goodness.The margarita pizza was exactly what a margarita pizza should be. Lots of sauce, topped with fresh mozzarella and basil. Milder than the first, it's flavors married perfectly together in each delicious bite.The last pizza to come out of the oven was the sausage and pepperoni. Now, while I didn't try this combination (my pescetarian ways wouldn't allow for it), my mouth was still watering at the sight of the thing. Piled high with spicy pepperoni and Italian sausage, I can only assume it was as amazing (if not more so) as the first two judging by the speed of consumption. If you're in the Philadelphia area you HAVE TO go to Tacconelli's for pizza... and, while you're waiting for your pie to come out (the prep and cooking time takes a few minutes - can't cook it raw!) remember that patience is a virtue an in the end you will be rewarded handsomely for it.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2007,10/1/2007,53,25,2,3,3>I love Mom's. There's writing all over the walls, go karts to sit in, and a loud jukebox with punk.   They have special food days of the week, Taco Tuesday being my favorite.  It's best to go upstairs with a group of your friends and shoot some pool.  Lately, though, it seems like a lot of unsual characters have been frequenting the place.  I don't know what this is about, but I feel like there may be a rumble a brewin'.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,9/29/2007,75,0,4,4,6>"Yes, I'd like the coconut shrimp with tofu in lieu of the shrimp, please." No matter how many times my friend Kim says that, I can never help but look at the waiters face to see if they even bat an eyelash. Never! That is part of the beauty of Sabrina's. Me and my friends love meeting up here. My mom aka the pickiest eater in the world, loves it. My best friend and her boyfriend aka foodies from New York, love it. Kim aka vegetarian pain in the hiney bum, loves it.Be warned, this is an adventure for the laid back. For those in good company. For those who don't get violent when they are starving. The wait is hellish. Worth it but...hellish. I've waited for up to an hour and a half with a reservation and the sidewalk in front of the place is packed with people ready to take each other down for the hostess' attention. And don't try to bully her cause this is South Philly and she ain't afraid of the likes of you. If you really want to beat the crowds, arrive before 9am.The restaurants houses several intimate rooms with tables piled atop one another. The menu is vast and the servings are large. Take home your leftovers! Always check out the specials as they can go to the extremes such as Oreo stuffed french toast. And at dinner you can BYOB.I have a tendency to lean towards the breakfast/brunch menu. I've enjoyed the fritatas and stuffed challah french toast at breakfast. And I highly recommend the sweet potato fries(although I ask for them without brown and powdered sugar) as well as the jalapeno cheddar polenta fries and Parmesan fries. The home fries are good as well. What can I say, I really like fries. As far as meat sides they offer everything from veggie sausage to scrapple. I can hear Kim now. "Yes, I'd like the scrapple with tofu in lieu of the scrapple, please."
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,9/28/2007,78,280,2,6,4>This place is the freakin' Super Wal-Mart of booze.  If you go there at the right time, they even have *samples.*  I'm embarrassed to say that I am such a lightweight that I once got a buzz from having two teeeeeeeeeny samples of some flavored rum they were pushing.  (It was tasty, though.)Seriously though; the folks who work in the wine department really do know their stuff, so definitely ask them about what's good or what kind of wine you're looking to try; their recommendations are spot on.It is also the only place in a zillion-mile radius that carries Sortilege, which is a *transcendent* maple whiskey made only in Quebec.   I shouldn't have told you that of course, because now they will be sold out.   (Note: If you have no idea what booze to bring to your next party, bring a bottle of Amarula liqueur.  It's exotic and unusual so your friends will think you're cool, but it's totally drinkable/mixable.  Just my two cents.)
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,9/27/2007,17,122,,3,3>This is truly a hidden gem in Chinatown.   There are so many products available.  You can buy a wok or bamboo steamer, and in the next aisle, you can buy green tea or asian noodles.  Best to come with a list, because its easy to get overwhelmed as there is so much to choose from.  My favorite items are Temple of Heaven Green Tea, Tofu Shirataki noodles, Srirachi asian hot sauce and sesame oil.  There is even a large produce and seafood section.  Everything you need to prepare your favorite asian dishes is all here, plus the prices are pretty cheap too.  If you get tired and hungry from shopping you can also stop in the little restaurant located in the supermarket.  They have great noodle dishes that are very tasty and inexpensive....plus you can leave your shopping cart within sight, just outside the restaurant, while you eat.
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2007,9/26/2007,23,146,1,7,4>Ah, the Plumstead. Site of debacherous drunken shenanigans on previous visits to Media, and the epitome of a small-town bar. Our friends are regulars here, along with seemingly everyone else in the joint. Drinks are cheap, the bartenders are friendly and fun, there are stools and booths alike. Owner Dom didn't even get pissed when the boyfriend dropped and shattered a pint glass. A+.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,9/25/2007,42,119,,3,3>Looking for a lucha libre mask? They have it. Loteria? Yup. Dia de los muertos stuff? Check. The Eye Gallery carries things that you didn't know you wanted until you walk into the shop.  It's an awesome store to browse, even if it's just for the Isaiah Zagar mosaics.
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2007,9/24/2007,12,95,2,3,3>Oh how I want to scream and yell at you north bowl while I hug you and drink your Dale's Pale Ale while sitting on your uber comfy leather sofas and staring in drunken awe at the lights that shine through plastic beads in your planters...Bowling is fun, and it's even more fun when done with good food and great booze (particularly awesome beer selection for a bowling alley), but all of that fun is taken away when you have to pay $25 per person for it.  Call me cheap, but I just think that's ridonkdiculous.Therefore, I propose the compromise of going on Sunday (& Wednesday?) nights when they charge $3 a game.  Plus their food is really yum, so you can afford to eat that night, too.  That's bowling a 300, people.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,10/7/2008,16,15,7,7,6>I know everyone craps their pants in excitement over Clark Park and that's a-ok.  But that still does not a five-star-park make.  Don't get me wrong.  I'm so glad that there is a spacious area where kids can play and people can socialize and walk their dogs.  And obviously, many improvements are gradually being made.  There is a wonderful (albeit at  times overpriced) farmer's market.  Not to mention all the neighborhood events- Shakespeare in the Park, Music Festivals, huge Flea Markets (A++), and from time to time, any number of other feel-good photo-ops.  I suffer from being a glib outsider, but like many places in this neighborhood, I feel people have become accustomed to the flaws of the park and now over romanticize the notion of local community.  For its community, it wins 3 stars.  But its execution (as a few others have so aptly pointed out)- the landscaping (or lack of), the fields of dirt, the scary and dangerous sidewalks'o'earthquake. . .  To call it a true park is overreaching- a good place for social gatherings, but not much to appreciate in solitude.  For the 4th Star- the  Dickens Statue.  Because what's more awesome than ignoring a dead man's wishes?
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,10/6/2008,55,14,7,15,11>Outa nowhere seemingly comes this new joint Kung-fu Necktie. Odd name, yes. But man what an amazing place!  You got kung-fu on TV, dark stained wood, a long, beautiful bar and an absolutely amazing rehab of the old 'Penalty Box Bar' under the El.  This is sure to be a new classic Kenso bar.  Just steps from the Girard El stop, and a new addition to the Johnny Brenda's sphere of influence (their design aesthetic certainly borrows a few from JB's).  One of the best features (aside from PNBLL!!!) is the long pub-style heavy wood table with candelabra.  We fit easily 10 friends around the table last night and had an awesome time.  Oh, and they have great drinks and a friendly bar staff.  I can see this is the beginning of a long relationship.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/5/2008,28,27,11,9,9>I hate to sound like a broken record, but I gotta concur with my fellas: Vietnam Cafe knows what's up. Cute decor? Check.BYOB? Bam.Super friendly, speedy service? Yep.Delicious food which never disappoints?  Oooooh, yessssss.Reasonably priced? Uh-huh.Great view of the overweight crazy-curler lady who talks to herself while walking up and down the block in hot pink knee-highs? Hell to the yeah.Sure, it's cozy, but it seems like everyone else there knows what a sweet little gem this place is. Which means they're my kind of people.Way to go, Vietnam. And sorry about that whole war thing.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/4/2008,1,6,5,6,5>saad's might not be the best falafel in the city, but it's the best falafel in west philly. plus, they've got those amazing ali's bean pies (with the "come back taste"), delicious fries, and saad himself. i adore the tacky interior and the pretty wall hangings, and i especially love the no-cell-phone policy. i recommend that you stay away from the strawberry moss drink, but everything else i've had there is delicious.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,10/3/2008,9,19,7,8,8>oh ten stone... aside from the fact that this was the bar where the guy ive been with for the past four years told me he cheated on me, this place is pretty ass-slappin' awesome. i highly recommend the sangria. there is something delightfully lime-y about their sangria that puts everyone else's to shame. the nachos are artery-cloggingly delicious, as is their majestic quesadilla. stick around for the beer, sports, or a hilarious game of darts. you will most likely see me there with my dart-partner-in-crime.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,10/2/2008,49,99,9,7,5>I effing love this place.it could be a bit cheaper but its still affordable. the best part? the bike ride down girard. in the rain.i literally spent 30 minutes making love, i mean picking apart, the Masaledar lamb chops.I wouldn't get delivery because they are ALWAYS really slow...like 90 minutes slow.Bonus special move: LIMCA! Its like soda. but limier.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,10/1/2008,28,113,1,11,8>The day before my appointment, I got a phone call from Dr. Cirka's office.  Not someone from reception confirming the time, but my hygienist, introducing herself and saying she was looking forward to meeting me in person.  Awkward.But kind of a nice touch and DEFINITELY an indication of things to come.  Everyone in the office was super nice and my hygienist was gentle and informative.  Also nice: both the dentist (I saw Dr. Silva, not Dr. Cirka) and hygienist steered me toward the best over-the-counter or rather actually-affordable options for fluouride rinses and that kind of thing.  As someone who doesn't have $100+ to drop on a fancy sonic toothbrush I appreciate the real life style advice.The last good word: I'm not dentist-phobic, but my boyfriend is and he has (willingly) returned on multiple occasions for crown repairs and cleaning AND even went back for whitening.  Trust me when I say that's the best testimony I can give.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,9/29/2008,21,61,4,9,7>I'm not a foodie, but I loved Distrito. The best way to describe the decor is Barbie's Mexican villa. And I mean that in the best way possible. The food was great, especially the guacamole (to die for) and the carnitas tacos. The margaritas were among the best I've ever had. I would recommend the house or grapefruit.I was there for a company event, but will definitely be going back with friends.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2008,9/27/2008,7,15,5,5,5>The pizza and beer here is great.  The fried leeks, which seemed like a good idea at the time, came out tasting like salty charcoal.  We came to Dock Street about ten minutes before closing.  I've been a server for most of my working years.  I know it sucks.  But there is no excuse for the way this woman treated us.  After seating us the waitress briskly asks, "Are you eating?", us, "Yes." Her, "Well you better order fast." and then, no joke, throws the menus at us.  After taking a really long time to produce our food, we couldn't finish all of the pitchers we ordered and my friend was pouring a full pitcher into his growler (classy i know) for the road and the waitress comes running up yelling, "Oh no! Oh no! You really screwed that up!"  My friend was like, "What are you talking about?" (she's sort of become a joke at the table by now) and she starts talking to us about how he screwed up the beer and now she can't fill the growler, what was he thinking, and she doesn't know what to do blah blah blah and my friend interrupted to tell her he didn't want her to fill it.  Without any sort of apology for basically calling him a ridiculous fool she just turns and walks away.  She got her 15% tip but I don't think she truely deserved it. Anyway, the pizza and beer is good.  Mixed bag of people frequent the place.  Busy bar and lot's of mingling.  Just get there long before closing I guess.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,9/26/2008,115,317,6,6,6>So charmingly divey!  A Pabst memorabilia museum must have exploded on the walls, and I could practically smell the armpits of the trumpet player in the jazz band as I waited for the bathroom.I've only been once, but I'd love to go back, especially for the drunken spelling bee.  Because if there are two things in this world I'm good at it's spinking and drelling... well you know what I mean.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,12/14/2010,255,409,4,8,6>I just wanted to write a NECESSARY update!!!!  Had to let you all know that the owner of Gianfranco contacted me about my review.  I've had other restaurant owners contact me, but he was the first to show genuine concern. I like that!! (A lot of times, owners will want to argue with you.)He offered an apology for our dissatisfaction with our pizza, and offered us a free pizza. How cool was THAT???  This is what keeps customers coming back!!!!  Thanks again, Dali, for being a stand-up guy!!  :)P.S-  Looooove that ranch chicken pizza!!
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2010,12/13/2010,84,198,7,5,8>Honestly this place was getting a minimum of 3 stars no matter what b/c they served some reediculous good gravy fries; and there is nothing more than this homegrown central jerzee boy likes than a heap of steaming gravy fries..well maybe donuts.  I have not had proper gravy fries in the Filth area. but Mac's took care of that and even threw some short ribs on em. Feefawkingnomeenal. Though they said they could feed 4 people...riiight...try one fat asian face aside from a few that my friends picked off my plate when I wasn't looking    (that's right I don't share..even w/ friends).  Their ham, egg and cheese w/ spicy mustard was shit though.          The bar itself was fine, why r so many people complaining it's no longer a dive? What did u expect when Always Sunny cast bought and remodeled  Skinners? For them to just changed the name and reopen it exactly the same? That would have been a sound business plan. I like a good dive as anyone, but I couldn't imagine eating gravy fries at Frank's or Ray's w/o getting e coli poisoning. Beer selection is pretty good but their only special is 3 dollar Miller Low Lifes which is considered "special" in my book for bad reasons. The bar was  uncomfortably humid and hot considered it was not packed on a Thurs night, but either way Mac's will give me a reason to come to Olde City at night, and that reason is first name "Gravy" and last name "Fries."
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,12/12/2010,47,142,6,6,5>A Groupon deal was the only way Elevation was going to draw me out of the city.  My buddy Walt was willing to drive, so hot damn, I'll hitch a ride.  One issue though, driving from Philly to Elevation is super annoying.  Unless there's another way that's quicker, it's traffic lights galore.  A bike lane on Lancaster ave just kept taunting me as I sat passenger side.  Anyway, use your preferred method of transportation.Elevation at Wynnewood, PA sits in a strip mall.  Right next to Tiffin^2, actually.  First impression:  This is so suburbia.  Inside, it looks like a fast food joint.  It smells like a fast food joint.  But, brother, it ain't a fast food joint.  So we pay a total of 48 cents thanks to our meal coupon and head to the outdoor tables.  There's seats and tables sitting right on the strip mall sidewalk so you can catch a glimpse of... the other side of the street.  Just keep your head down and look at the food.We both got the namesake burger, "Elevation".  Two thin, smashed and griddled patties, orange cheddar, "Elevation" sauce (just another Ketchup+Mayo concoction ala the numerous island variety).  Take a bite.  And another.  You know what, this is better than I expected.  Although you can't ask them for a specific temperature of done...ness, for some reason these well-done griddled beauties were really juicy.  They were not juicy only because of grease runoff, there was also a very earthy, robust beefy taste in the meat.  This is coming from a guy telling everyone most organic foods are an unguided movement, a waste of resources, and typically an inferior product; grass-fed beef is the real deal.  Always has been.Olive oil fried fries were meh, so I'm skipping it.  After eating that well-done burger and amazed by the result, even if well-done insinuates a hockey puck texture in my mind, I can't stop thinking if I had access to their kitchen for like 10 minutes.  What if I can form, myself, the perfect burger here?
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,12/11/2010,156,121,5,3,4>MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.Listen up Philadelphians, PIZZA SHOULD BE THIN AND CRISPY. I hate hate hate doughy fluffy slizes soggy with sauce, it's sad. Leave that amateur bullshit to Dominos. I walked into two other pizza places in the gayborhood on my pizza quest before coming in here, thrilled to see the thinness of their slices. And oh, what is this? Buffalo Chicken pizza?!? Yes please! When I walked in the dude behind the counter was nowhere to be seen, so when he finally emerged from who knows where he gave me the slice for cheaper than what it was supposed to be since i had to wait. (Even though I really didn't.) Delicious delicious pizza! And nice employees!
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,12/10/2010,219,140,8,6,7>You know those people that are ALWAYS running late?  They show up to the office at 9:05, red-faced and panting because they sprinted to make it there by their own lenient standards of "on-time"?  Well, that's me.  So, unfortunately, despite the fact that I live exactly one block from The Bean Exchange, I rarely can make it there before work in the morning.The weekends, though, are a completely different story.  This has become my absolute favorite hang-over go-to spot.  Their Chai Lattes are perfect!  Sitting at their nice outside tables, pretending to read but actually people watching, sippin my latte... doesn't get much better than that!**If it's too hot outside, just stay in their insanely air conditioned shop at one of the 5 (or so) small tables.  Their interior is tasteful and sophisticated, and they allow dogs in!**It's probably good that this is only a once or twice a week treat.  $4.60 for a medium sized drink is kinda steep...
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,12/9/2010,22,93,8,6,5>This is my go to spot in Chinatown to buy take-out beer.  Sadly though, of all the times I've been here I must admit I've never eaten at Ho Sai Gai.  Not even take-out food.  Upon reflection, I think I owe it to them for all the great and pleasant beer service.They recently just raised their beer prices by 50 cents.  A six of Yuengling Lager bottles is now $9.50.  Other choices include... St. Pauli Girl, Kirin, Miller Lite cans, a couple brands of 40's, and others I forget.  Nothing spectacular in terms of variety... but it is the cheapest take-out beer I've found in Chinatown.  Plus it's always a chuckle to see kids come in and be all nervous about buying beer.I like to come here because the main guy is so nice to me.  He even remembers what kind of beer I usually get -- and is ever so prompt retrieving it with a smile.  Plus, the awards on the walls are great -- e.g. Best of City 1982, etc.  What's more, it has the vibe I love in Chinese restaurants tucked away in Chinatowns all over.... kind of dingy, a bit rundown, with years and years of wear and tear.  You can see the whole experience in its walls.Anybody know what's upstairs?
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,12/8/2010,52,69,5,9,8>Ekta has been one of my favorites in Philly for some time based on the following:-It's arguably the best Indian food I have had. Ever. -The quality/taste is consistently lives up to my expectations-The Fishtown location delivers essentially to all of metro Philadelphia. The delivery radius is actually absurd (Fishtown, Nolibs, Fairmount, Rittenhouse, Center City, Old City, Queen Village), and even though they have pulled back the boundaries a bit, it's still quite impressive.-Relatively inexpensive.-The leftovers reheat beautifully - almost the original state. So, we decided to give Ekta Bryn  Mawr a whirl. Of course, we proceeded with caution. Would the Bryn Mawr location taste as good as Fishtown? Would their Tikka Masala still make us sigh contentedly and love life just a bit more at that moment? Would their Saagwala be so good that it would make us forget that Chicken Tikka Masala was actually our favorite with each new bite?WHAT WE ATE*Samosa ChatThis was soooooo interesting. First of all, we were surprised that the dish was served COLD. It was layers of fried pastry dough that is used in samosas, flattened to form the first layer. Then around it and on top there were crumbled pieces of fried noodle-type looking things. It looked and tasted very similar to chopped up fried singapore noodles. Then, it was topped with chick peas, onions, mint, sauces, and a few slivers of ginger. At first, it was weird trying to get used to the fact that this dish was cold, but with each extremely flavorful bite.*Chicken Tikka MasalaIf you haven't tried Indian cuisine before, I always recommend that you start with Tikka Masala - it is definitely the most approachable intro dish. This is probably because Tikka Masala isn't really authentic traditional Indian cuisine, but rather an invention that originated with the Brits by tweaking an existing dish to friendly-fy the taste for Western palates. However it was born, I don't care, I love it and it's AWESOME at Ekta. The Tikka Masala did taste slightly different than what we were used to at the Fishtown shop. I'd say it was a teensy bit less sweet, but it still tasted heavenly and I wouldn't really be able to tell you if one was better than the other - just that they were different. SLIGHTLY.*Chicken SaagwalaSaagwala is one of my newer favorite Indian dishes. It's essentially like a cream of spinach dish, with pureed or chopped spinach, excessive amounts of butter and ginger.  The saagwala tasted the same as what we expected, thankfully. The one minor difference is that I felt like the spinach pieces may have been larger at this location? So - rather than pureed/minced, they were closer to a very fine chop? It doesn't really matter though, it was stellar.About the comparison to Tiffin, if we're debating straight up food - the short version is that I prefer the fried samosas and pakoras at Tiffin, but the sauces and main dishes really shine at Ekta. The interior decor in Bryn Mawr is actually very nice. Whereas the Fishtown location does feel very much like a makeshift dining room attached to a takeout counter, the Bryn Mawr location boasts of all the staples that are required to make a Mainline restaurant successful - cleanly and semi-formally attired waitstaff, friendly and attentive service, comfortable but solid wooden tables/chairs.An added bonus - it's BYOB! There isn't much more to say about that
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,12/7/2010,436,385,7,7,6>i LOVE brunch. love like a fat kid loves cake. love like prince william loves kate middleton. yes, enough to marry it.after deciding between here and sabrina's, i took my friends who were visiting from ny here over the weekend. because they had a car (teehee score!) and it's normally too much of a hassle for me to get out to northern liberties. apparently this cafe is part of an apartment complex. i was skeptical upon realizing this, but i trusted yelp and led my friends inside.instead of waiting for a table, we asked to be seated at the counter. which was SO much fun because we got to interact with all the staff. the amazing staff really made the restaurant environment very friendly and welcoming for us. it was also a great way to see everything that's going on in the kitchen; we got to see every plate that came out, and with each passing dish, our eyes got bigger and bigger and we wished aloud that our stomachs could be as big as our eyes.the first thing on the menu that caught my eye was the butterscotch pudding stuffed french toast. sounded sooo delicious. if only it wasn't butterscotch. my friend decided to get that and i went with the regular french toast. my other friend went with the shirred eggs and homefries- a dish that kinda looks like two poached eggs cooked in a quiche dish along with some other ingredients. super interesting, but he said it tasted great!i tried some of the butterscotch pudding french toast, and while yummy, that probably would've been too rich for me to finish two whole slices of it. the french toast slices are so thick and the portion sizes are ginormous, i almost couldn't finish my plate! but it was too yummy and i told myself i really shouldn't waste food ;) the regular french toast comes with vanilla ice cream, and i love the contrast between the warm french toast and the cold ice cream. in the grand scheme of french toasts i've had in my life, this wasn't the best. the bread is a little on the dry side, so i had to douse them in extra maple syrup. but i don't mind so much, maple syrup makes my brunch go round. and other than that, the meal was a complete delight.there was also this amazing dessert that looked like it had some glazed cream over a large piece of cake. one of the servers saw us gaping at it and encouraged us to get it -the sticky bun- as it's only served on the weekends. i guess it's akin to a cinnabon. curse you small stomach for not letting us eat everything on the menu!!
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,12/6/2010,109,163,8,9,7>Question: Why would a BYO have empty bottles of alcohol covering every wall of the establishment?Answer: To taunt and punish you for not bringing any with you.A Hibachi double date is what brought me to Kabuki. I had never been there before but a friend of a friend of a friend said it was good, so we were looking forward to it. It wasn't half bad. The food was pretty good actually. It was probably one of the most tasty hibachi experiences I've had (hibachi generally tastes kinda bland since everything is cooked the same - with oil and garlic on a hot griddle), but our hibachi chef or whatever you call them must have been new because he couldn't catch a dam thing he flung into the air. And if i recall correctly, he hit me in the glasses with a piece of squash. Funny, I know. Don't get me wrong, we had a great time together, but I'm not so sure it wasn't just because of the company I had.I will go again, but next time I'll try the sushi.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,12/5/2010,97,108,5,7,5>I am SO SO SO very happy that this place exists. I can't even begin to tell you how much my lovely neighborhood of Pennsport NEEDED some place for us to hang out. There is basically nothing by sketchy bars and seedy bodegas and while I do find the charm in that, I can't really study or get coffee or something mildly healthy to eat at those places. Thank you for existing, Grindcore House. Thank you thank you thank you THANK YOU. Anyway, this place is still in kind of "test run" mode. They only have drip coffee and tea at the moment (their green tea is delish) and a small assortment of vegan pastries, but they will be having a full vegan menu and beverage menu soon. I love that it's all vegan, too. Using coconut milk to sweet coffee is the most amazing in thing in the world and this is one of the few places that makes it happen. I haven't tried their pastries yet but my dear friend Caitlin V. loved her zucchini bread. I'm looking forward to see what they do in terms of a menu in the future. The space itself is also really nice. It looks a lot smaller than it is but there is a back room that is a really cozy, homey, and relaxed space. They also have art showings there so if you're an artist I'd jump on it now - I have a feeling it may get hard to show in here soon. Also, this may be kind of a "duh" statement but they really do play grindcore here. Not my bag and kind of makes studying hard but at least they mix it up with something mellow. Otherwise this would not be a good place to study. Their hours, at least for now, are 3-8. Grindcore House people, PLEASE stay open until 8 forever. Coffee shops with later hours are few and far between and are severely needed for us students. I already love you but if you stay open late on a daily basis then I see marriage in our future.
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,11/27/2008,26,98,4,7,6>The only way that the original Naked Chocolate could have been improved was by making it more convenient to those of us west of the Schuylkill.  And lo and behold, they went and did it!  I stopped in for breakfast the other day with a friend, and not only was the hot chocolate, the cinnamon twist and our muffin delicious, but our server was just about tickled pink to be serving us; yay for the amazing treats and the overenthusiastic staff!
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,11/26/2008,147,184,7,7,9>Smiles from your burgerBeer soaked music rock my assSad heart soggy fries1/2lb. perfectly grilled pink centered (my preferred temp) ground sirloin topped with a heaping mound of caramelized onions and Roquefort cheese on toasted brioche! Stop it already, I wanted to order a second right away! Sadly the mixed sweet potato/regular potato fries were old and limp...but I ate a ton anyway :) My friend's chicken sandwich was uneventful despite the pesto. She also felt the sourdough was too over the top bready and ended up eating her sandwich sans bread.There are plenty of posts regarding their beer selection so I'll only add that I happily criss crossed the country from my glass.The clincher for me was the music which went a long way to create an over all vibe that made me feel at home the moment I sat in my high backed booth...While at times over the top loud, the selection went from Old Dirty Bastard, to Modest Mouse, to The Murder City Devils! 1-2-3  I was in heaven...until Brain Adams made an unwanted visit to the speakers! After a few seconds reflecting on just how bad Kevin Costner's accent really was, I decided I liked the fact that BA's schmaltz was in the mix.Let them know I'm coming back soon for the Duck Pot Pie....
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,11/25/2008,8,16,5,6,5>Not only do they have a great selection of  books, are independent, they also host amazing author events.  Namely I have to brag and blab about the David Sedaris signing that happened just today. For a hopelessly straight male, I am still completely gaa-gaa about how friendly and cool Sedaris is. Now, I hope Jackie T is cool with  me posting this, being my friend and all, but our interaction with David Sedaris today was simply sublime. I won't tell her side (which is pretty amazing) , I'll just tell mine. After my "Ricky" moniker kind of fell flat, I whipped out my second most prized possession (my first being a rubber stamp I found in my classroom that literally is just the word CARELESS , what a great motivator for young minds!) , an excuse note written by a former students mom that was printed on a the top tab to a carton of Newport cigarettes. No lie. Sedaris loved it, it made him laugh. And that's why I will forever love Joseph Fox Book Shop.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,11/24/2008,8,77,2,8,8>PHENOMENAL!  I think that sums up Chloe. There are no more than 15 tables in this quaint little restaurant, and its only open Wed-Saturday so be prepared to wait a little for your turn at this piece of heaven on Arch St.  There is not really much of a waiting area either so dress according to the weather and plan on standing outside.    It's worth it though.  The menu has a few items (maybe 5 appetizers and 8 entrees on it) but there are an equal amount of specials.  All of which are creative concoctions.   My bf had the gnocchi with an asiago cheese sauce and smoked chicken for an appetizer, but it really was a dinner portion.  I had the sushi grade tuna with a seaweed salad and jasmine rice and it was unbelievable.  The bf had one of the specials--venison with spatzle, green beans in this outstanding cherry-sauce.  I'm not a red meat eater but you better believe i stole a spatzle and dipped it into that sauce.  We didn't save room for dessert but you better believe we forced it down.  Banana bread pudding with a dollop of peanut butter ice cream.  How could you even regret that?
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,11/22/2008,144,305,5,8,7>Philadelphia, welcome to your version of Pinkberry.  I don't care if this stuff is good for me or not - I've died and gone to heaven.One of my fondest memories from Bryn Mawr was the presence of self-serve frozen yogurt machines in the dining halls.  This place fulfills my fond memory, with a selection of ten plus flavors, and little cups handed out to try all the different flavors.  I usually go for chocolate flavors, but I decided to try a combo of green tea, taro, and peach tart.  After selecting my fro yo, a topping bar awaited.  With everything one could imagine - sprinkles, nuts, graham cracker topping, chocolate candies, cheesecake bites, oreos, and chunks of cookie dough.Sure, it comes out to be a bit pricey - so don't go too nuts - but my lord, it's worth it.  I'm glad to see the presence of fro yo on South Street - let's also hope a business like this starts the movement towards unique and creative concepts along what has been for some time, a commercial wasteland.  Thank God I don't live near this place - I'd be here every damn day.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,11/21/2008,3,16,,7,6>house of our own (hoo) is a bibliophile's fantasy. while i am a science student, i can still appreciate the collection of great, cheap books that they stock. when the weather is pleasant, hoo will have boxes of used books categorized by price from $1-5. and it's not junk. i purchased an immaculate hardback copy of the bonfire of the vanities for $5. try that at borders/b&n. hoo is definitely one of the positive elements of the 'univ. city' area.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2008,11/19/2008,9,7,,8,7>When Assi opened this location, I had just come back from Japan and was overjoyed to have a place so close to my house where I could gather the supplies necessary to continue cooking some of my favorites from abroad. Most of the staple groceries are available in wide variety -- fresh vegetables, fruit, seafood, and other meats, some of which are seasoned or cut in ways difficult or impossible to find in American supermarkets. Noodles, seaweed, dried mushrooms, sauces, spices and the like are all there in abundance. Don't come here looking for loaves of bread or potato chips, because you won't find them. Every so often I see a disgruntled parent of some hip youngster, walking around asking where the Cheetos are...Anyway, yes -- yes, there is green tea ice cream. My main disappointment is with the drink selection. The selection of Japanese drinks, especially tea, is surprisingly slim. I've tried to appreciate the Korean variety, but I'll always take even Arizona over the flavor of sweetened jasmine tea. You can buy small cans of Japanese green tea, but it's hardly economical at around $2.00 a pop. I realize it is primarily a Korean market, but I still feel they should be stocking Japan's staple beverage while they're offering other Japanese goods. My brother and I have become real regulars of Assi's food court. Two Japanese and two Korean eateries prepare some nice quality food at a reasonable price. I'm addicted to Man Nam's spicy pork bulgogi and spicy beef & vegetable soup. There's also a very nice bakery and cafe serving a wide variety of bubble tea flavors. Though it can get crowded on weekend nights, free help-yourself cold water , two ATMs, bathrooms, an informal atmosphere, and reasonably ample seating make this a comfortable place to grab a quick bite. I should also mention that there's now a "YakiBon" stand in the middle of the market, vending fresh takoyaki cooked on the spot by a very friendly staff. Though it's not technically "tako"-yaki (they only offer vegetable, shrimp, and squid -- no octopus), it's definitely as good as I've had in Japan. Before Assi came along, the only experience I'd had with Korean food was a few servings of kimchi enjoyed as an appetizer in a Japanese ramen restaurant. I think what I most like about the place is that it has given people the opportunity to see more of Korean cuisine, which had for a while been surprisingly unavailable. It's always bustling with activity and in many ways reminds me of markets I would shop at in Japan. It makes me happy to know that this place will be in business for a long time...
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2008,11/17/2008,7,86,3,3,3>Amazing selection of beers, hundreds of varieties separated by country of origin in the cases.  The prices are great and they even have the 'cheap shit' in six pack pounders, if you're looking for quantity over quality.  Staff is knowledgeable but a little scary.  They know their beer and can help guide you to something new and exotic but they look like hell half the time... drinking too much the night before? I can't really blame them, some screwed up people shop here, especially during Phillies games plus I hear the owner is bat shit crazy... so that can't help morale.  In any case... (get the pun?) shop here frequently!  Ask them their opinion and advice, then tip them.  I don't tip for just having them bag my beer, but when they can give me good advice it's more than worth a buck or two.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,11/16/2008,8,71,4,5,4>OK, 4 stars for being a great first date place....and they have art.I've gotten lost in here. Like five minutes to work my way to the front door. And i liked it. A lot.I think its so cool that they have a wide variety and not just modern or whatever. If you can't tell, I'm not the biggest art nut, but I can appreciate this place; I am very happy it is here.Sunday: donation day (read: $0.01 entry fee)
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,11/15/2008,72,281,2,5,6>The #1 thing I love about Repo is how the CDs are laid out. They are well organized and very easy to flip through! Places like AKA and Long in the Tooth are good, but in order of ease of .... flippability its Repo - AKA - Long in the Tooth. Long in the Tooth is just a plain horizontal shelf filled with CDs. At both AKA and Long in the Tooth I have experienced tightly packed rows of CDs. That's why I like Repo. The selection is a lot tighter and therefore easier to find and I love the racks here. Everyone talks about the staff here but I've never talked to them. I'm sure they are as nice and helpful as everyone says they are. Back in college, I went on a tear at Repo. I bought so many great CDs here.
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,7/3/2010,2946,2194,18,33,24>This modest North Philadelphia eatery has nine tables, often crowded with neighborhood families and workers. Service is accommodating and quick. Their decor verges on spartan, but a wall length hanging adds a little warmth. Still, you're here for the pho ga, not to hang out.Pho ga, the flavorful highlight on their low-priced menu, is a Vietnamese chicken noodle soup with large cuts of chicken. Perfect for brunch, lunch, and dinner, it's a dependable, comforting dish that packs more punch then Western chicken noodle, and as much as the more prevalent beef pho. Try a spoonful of the slightly greasy broth and you'll be won over as it melts in your mouth.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,7/2/2010,147,304,8,11,9>I have never tried a vietnamese hoagie.. but yesterday after I left work and was hungry I decided to go into the city and try one... based on the reviews of all the great yelpers.... scoreeeeeeeIt's a tiny little place.. and you see the mom in the back cutting up peppers and veggies to prepare for the sandwiches.. there is one little table in the middle.. but I can't see how anybody would sit in there but ok...the  menu is simple, however its simplicity leads to a great array of flavors in your mouth!I had heard I should try the lemongrass tofu hoagie.. I was going to do this until I saw the mushroom and onion tofu hoagie.. I couldn't decide because I'm in love with mushrooms and onions but had heard such great things about the lemongrass.. so you know what I did! I got it MIXED.. so I had a mushroom onion lemongrass tofu hoagie.. extra spicy.. and I LOVED IT! ,.. I also was talked into getting a fruit smoothie.. I had a strawberry & mango smoothie.. it was great... the fruit is frozen not fresh.. however once blended it still tasted good.. especially when it was like 90 degrees outside! on top of the good eats.. the food is really cheap.. the sandwiches were like 5$ ,.. and their other options I think noodle options were only like 7$... so hurry up and go eat there! Or not more for me!
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,7/1/2010,77,57,7,6,5>Ever wish you could eat breakfast next to a stuffed animal with a giant schlong (hmm never spelled schlong before. Maybe it's "shlong"..?)??  Well, now's your chance, kiddo.   In addition to the quirky surroundings (read: boobie cream dispenser/pickup truck-turned-breakfast-table/naked George W Bush magnets), the food and the people were delightful.  The food: My husband got an Ohio River Turtle omelette, AND meat loaf (who doesn't want meat loaf at 10:30 a.m.), and applewood smoked bacon, and I got a crazy coconut waffle with pineapple, blueberries and strawberry rhubarb.  The meatloaf made me want to name my first kid Carman (which works nicely since a boy or a girl could swing it).  The turtle omelette... was good.. but I kept thinking about my pet turtle, Gramps, from college... so it was kinda weird.  But everything ruled (my andouille sausage was spicy and delish), seriously, and the portions were way generous.The people were my favorite... Just so welcoming and literally made you feel like you could hang out with the whole bunch after you're done eating.  I would 100% sit with any of the staff on my loveseat at home and it wouldn't be awkward.But my favorite thing about Carman's -- The whole joint smelled like buttered toast.  'Nuff said.
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,6/30/2010,151,303,5,8,7>Sometimes I get confused about which Ritz is which. I know that's silly, because "Ritz 5" and "Ritz @ the Bourse" are no-brainers. So I refer to the Ritz East as the Ritz Pagoda, and everyone knows what I am talking about and I don't even confuse myself. Anyway, I love this Ritz the best. The parking fairy usually grants me a parking spot right on 2nd Street, and if not there is that lovely validated parking which is so useful on a rainy or snowy night when you aren't up to dealing with precipitation. I love walking through that plaza-ish area and seeing the movie posters. The person at the ticket counter is invariably friendly and always reminds me about the cheap ticket night (Wednesday!) I've never bought anything from the concession stand on the principle that movie theatre food is just ridiculously expensive, but the selection is very appealing. Actually now that I think about it, I did buy a hot chocolate once and it was delicious. Shame on me for forgetting. I'm extremely sad to hear of the demise of the Filmbill. I really enjoyed that little publication. May you rest in peace, Filmbill. For whatever reason, this theater is less crowded than the others. I love spreading out in the cushy, springy chairs and having an extra chair for my bag & coat. I enjoy the previews here way more than a regular theater (though I suppose that's based on the quality of the movie) but the whole experience just elevates you way above such groan-inducing establishments as the Riverview where people yell, talk on the phone, and throw popcorn at the screen. Speaking of quality, the Ritz trio of theaters selects the best of the best films to screen. This is obvious to (most) locals but newcomers need to know! I might be having a love affair with the Ritz East. I may never need to set foot in another movie theater for as long as I live. I hope that is the case.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,6/29/2010,585,298,6,10,5>Tazia (formally Ly Michael's) is a new Tap pas style eatery with Asian influence and a emphasis on the bar atmoshere. Owners Tammi and Buu decided to revamp their restaurant to a more casual and bar friendly spot. The menu is huge with lots of Tap pas and Asian dishes that can be enjoyed at the bar or while dinning at your table. My favorite items are the Philly Cheese steak spring rolls, all of the Flat breads (Pizza) and the Grilled Salmon. Service is still fast and friendly and the bar is usually full of regulars downing Lychee shots and Irish Car Bombs. Melissa is the bar host and she will make you feel at home. Tazia's plans to install Karaoke in the near future. This spot is so friendly, it's the only bar that I have to hug and kiss my way out of.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,6/27/2010,250,550,35,32,24>Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished scientists, inquisitive spectators of all types, please, all gather 'round, I have a startling announcement.  I hold in my hand a truly rare specimen, magnificent in its beauty, a marvel of the natural world, until this very moment unseen by human eyes: a banana cupcake with peanut butter buttercream icing and Nutter Butter perched atop.  I ask you, did Darwin ponder such a creation when he set forth his theory?  Did he know of its soft, moist center? Its rich frosting bursting with the essence of peanut butter? The drizzled chocolate lattice framing the soft curves of the Nutter Butter?No, the poor fool was preoccupied with the beak size of finches, a pitiful waste of mental energy.  He died, sad and alone, the apex of cupcake evolution left unglimpsed.  This gaping hole in his theory is surely the reason that it remains controversial to this day.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,6/26/2010,64,123,,10,8>Today was the opening of 500 Degrees on 15th and Sansom.  This is owned by the same owners of Rouge. All they sell here is smaller versions of the Rouge burger and the fries as well as milk shakes. I just had 1 of the house specials - the 500 (tomato, lettuce, bacon, cheddar and special sauce). INSANELY amazing. It is a smaller version of the Rouge burger but at 1/4 the price - $5.The fries are the same as Rouge but in addition to the truffle fries there are spicier options. The service was insanely fast for how long the line was. The best part about this place is that they will be open until 3 am on Fri and Sat nights!!Finally a late not spot for amazing burgers - this place blows 5 guys out of the water.
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,6/25/2010,286,176,18,28,22>wait a second. could it be? could delaware county really have a BYO that rivals those in the city of philadelphia? the answer: an emphatic YES! and that restaurant is sycamore.i consider myself quite lucky to live just 4 miles down the road from this lovely lansdowne establishment, tho whether you live near or far, this is one eatery not to be missed. for starters, the humble interior, with dark wood, low lights and hip music, is quaint yet sophisticated...exuding a casual elegance perfect for any occasion - a family dinner, a first date or an evening out with the girls. and then...there's the food.since my dining experience nearly a month ago with fellow yelpers michelle C and caroline P, i have been longing for the roasted squash and chickpea tagine entree that i enjoyed that night. it was true vegetarian perfection, featuring an apricot, raisin, goat cheese and pistachio laden couscous along with panko dusted root vegetables and garbanzos. WOW! so many of my beloveds all in one dish; it was as if it was designed with me in mind :) despite my penchant for always trying new things, i finally succumbed to my yearning and headed back to sycamore last night to savor this treat of a meal once again.but first... after an exquisite marinated oyster mushroom & endive amuse bouche, my date and i dug in to the artisanal cheese plate. i'd had a most delicious plating here on my last visit, but this one featured nearly twice as many cheeses (for more $, of course) in addition to the accompaniments of house-brined olives, drunken raisins, sliced fruit, honey and croutes. while the chimay is a long-time personal favorite, i was introduced to other equally fave-worthy fromage - highlights being the firm mimolette, the semi-soft taleggio and the super soft boucheron goat cheese. selections are sure to rotate, and you can order plates with either 3, 5 or 7 cheeses, creating your own combination on the smaller size plates, or allowing the kitchen to choose for you.i barely left enough room for my main course, yet was thankful that i did because it was, once again, outrageous! such a unique pairing of flavors and textures; a most welcome change of pace from the typical pasta entree made for us veg-heads at most restaurants. even my carnivorous dining companion enjoyed the one forkful i graciously allowed him...in between bites of his melt-in-your-mouth boeuf bourguignon. sadly, dessert was not an option for our full bellies, so i did not get to once again enjoy the house-made flan, banofee or cheesecake i had sampled on my previous visit. oh well, there's always next time! the meal did end on a sweet note, however, as i couldn't resist one of chef sam's cocoa dusted truffles that were brought to the table along with the check.while chef sam is a dear friend, i assure you that i'd be writing an equally glowing review had i had the pleasure of dining here when the kitchen was run by the late meg votta. her culinary creativity lives on through sam, and no doubt she would be proud of the flair he continues to bring to the ever-changing menu. definitely make a reservation as this small space fills up fast...and keep your fingers crossed that the rumors of a sycamore expansion are true!
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,6/24/2010,350,249,22,10,8>What do ballers do? Love burgers.What do the biggest ballers do? Open burger joints.Bobby Flay is an Iron Chef and one of the biggest ballers in the food world. I checked out his Burger Palace today. I did not find my princess, she was in another castle.What I did find though, was a really great burger. I walked right in even though the line was mega long (that's right, because I'm a baller and have mad food biz connects).I spoke to the PR dude. Snapped some pics. Scored me a Philly Burger. I opted for whiz, because non-ballers and off-duty ballers would only  order prov where whiz is available.It was juicy and perfect. The fried onions were delicious, as was the whiz and the hot peppers added just enough kick to it.Also tried: the fries, pretty decent but it's hard to mess up fries... and ballers never do.Pros: I loves me some condiments. Flay offers up three signature sauces on every table in addition to the regular non-baller ketchup & mustard. Those sauces are: jalapeno hot sauce (not really all that hot at all), chipotle ketchup (a little heavy on the smoky chipotle flavor) and burger sauce (a mild bbq sauce, in my opinion). Long list of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Cola milkshake? Mind blown.Cons:  No veggie burger included in the mega long list of burgers. I'm gonna have to throwdown Flay if he thinks vegetarians are going to love the fact they have but only one item to choose from: grilled cheese. Did not get a chance to speak or interview Bobby. I am not a big enough baller yet, all work no Flay.Wants: outdoor seating and college kids to leave for the summer so I can ball in peace.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,6/22/2010,190,62,10,11,10>My favorite venue in town, I can easily spend the entire night at Johnny Brenda's. At Johnny's You can grab dinner before a show, then migrate upstairs to the second floor, or even higher to the third floor bar (there's no shortage of beer here) and enjoy your favorite band perched from above with a $3 Kenzinger in hand. After the show, grab a friend and duck into the mall-style photo booth for a few embarrassing drunken headshots, then drop back down to the ground floor for more beer and some pool before stumbling out onto Girard Ave at the end of an epic evening.If I were rating the food and service experience exclusively, I probably wouldn't give JBs more than 3/5. The brunch fails to match its reputation, the service could be more attentive, and I've never been compelled to come here solely for the food. But the food is there because it has to be, it's an afterthought to offering an intimate show environment and a great beer selection, which is why Fishtown loves this place. It's a bit of a scenester in-crowd here, but you don't have to be a hipster to fit in, just don't be like the guy who sidled up next to me at the bar recently and had this obnoxious exchange with the bartender:Some Dude: Let me get a Miller Lite. Bartender: Closest thing we have is Sly Fox Pale Ale.Some Dude: That's $5. Who charges $5 for beer?Bartender: That's cheap for good beer, dude.Some Dude: Let me get a Washington Apple shot then.Bartender: Sorry, no Apple Pucker.Some Dude: This place sucks! (exit stage left) What separates JBs from other venues is that here the bands are completely tangible, a few months ago I chatted up Handsome Furs outside after seeing them play one of the most intense, crowd-engaging shows I've ever seen (photo evidence in my profile pictures), and you just don't get that opportunity at most venues.And that's why Johnny Brenda's is a 5-star establishment. Though the food doesn't get my blood pumping, the intimate vibe and overall immense, 3-floor Johnny Brenda's experience does. This is the only spot where I'm willing to see a completely random show, because even if the band stinks, Johnny always delivers.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,4/21/2008,1014,321,9,10,10>Happy Birthday!   Not hello, goodbye, howthehellareya, but Happy Birthday all the time. Thanks to Ray for founding the realest bar on Passyunk Ave, which is quite an accomplishment.  Paulie the bartender kicks ass, thanks for letting us hang out after you closed and kicked out all the losers.  I'd take a Makers with two ice cubes and Paulie would mock me.  Then he would tell me fifty jokes and I'd never remember one.  Four stars and not five cause it gets dreadfully smoky, but hey, it's a dive bar.
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,4/19/2008,22,65,,6,9>This place introduced me to La Tur, king of all cheeses, which means i am indebted to them for my entire life. They talked with me and let me try different cheeses so that i could make an informed decision (because cheese buying in my book is a very serious business.) So my boyfriend loves stilton, but i am an all out advocate for anything goat related. I went to the downtown cheese shop and posed this perplexing problem. Both of us enjoy the other's preference, but obviously prefer our own. Then the lovely helper there let me taste la tur, a decadent concoction of goat, sheep and cow milk that blew me away. And i am forever grateful. Anyhow, the place is great and the people knowledgeable - ready and willing to lend a hand in finding the perfect cheese for you.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,4/18/2008,66,155,,6,7>I stopped in yesterday because I was early for my hair appointment and fell in LOVE with this store.  Handmade furniture, jewelry, GORGEOUS wooden and porcelain and other serveware.  I spent about 20 minutes in the store but could have spent HOURS.  It's the type of place where everything is so beautiful you just want to touch it, just for a second, and find your hands running over everything as you walk past it, just to really feel its presence.  I had been looking for a bench, a little smaller than a two seater, but bigger than a chair, forEVER.  We have a bay window in our dining room and I wanted to put a bench in it as the head seat at our dining room table.  I couldn't find it anywhere and when we bought our dining room furniture a year and a half ago, I ended up just buying another chair.  Yesterday, I found the bench, exactly as I had pictured it, sitting in Fundamentals.  I had to run to my hair appointment before my fiance arrived, and Jeremy was more than helpful in showing him the piece for me and completing the sale.  He's a really nice guy and LOVES to talk about the pieces in the store.They also own Artisans 3 Gallery in Spring House, so I'll be checking that out soon, as well.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,4/17/2008,58,61,6,7,6>I have never been one for sea cruising, but after a dinner at the Oceanaire, I may have to reconsider.We went on an invitation to celebrate the start of halibut season and their last delivery of king crab. The chef David Wiederholt presented each course with great detail on the preparation and sourcing of dishes. All the dishes we enjoyed were delicious and we were presented with intelligent and well balanced flavors. My favorite - the king crab, which was procured from the Time Bandit, one of the ships featured of the "Deadliest Catch". Its the closest you can get to celebrity crabs with having to expose yourself to Tommy Lee. The slow roasted halibut with bacon wrapped filet mignon was so rich and delicious, I had to stop myself from licking my plate.  The reto-1930s decor is well executed and feels organic without slipping into the theme park realm (Stephen Starr, I'm looking at you). Its the kind of place you can call "classy" without being sarcastic.You'll feel right at home ordering old school cocktails like a Harvey Wallbanger, which I did.Its definitely a special occasion place. Parents in town, big client meeting, proposing to your girl, Oceanaire would help to make it memorable. I'm sure I'll find some special occasion to get back there soon.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,4/16/2008,11,5,,5,5>This place is certainly my home away from home. I try to spend as much time hear as I can possibly bear. I have been here several times and was always more than happy to pay the nominal fee to get lost in this decaying piece of history where time loses it's sense of direction. I love how the smell pervades your nostrils when you first enter any of the cell-blocks so that you have no choice but to focus all your energy on looking at this magnificent building in all it's architectural glory. And how time ravages neglected jewels. I have been here for several different tours and love all of them. I was particularly excited to come this winter for a look at the prison immersed in snow! How picturesque that was!  The first time I was here I spent 5 hours here. I was completely engrossed in the audio tours, (along with the main narration by Steve Buschemi there are multiple others scattered throughout the prison). I stopped at every cell and stared long and hard into all the dark and damp crevices I could find. And when I couldn't see into the darkness I took a picture so I could look at it later in awe of actually being in a place so grandiose. I found a quiet peace here, a solitude from the hectic pace going on right outside the gated walls. I tried to  picture how these people lived from the time the prison opened and you were kept exclusively in complete isolation, brought in hooded so others would not even know you if they passed you on the street. They first focus on full rehabilitation through penance, (hence the first "penitentiary"). Then as you make your way further down, you learn about the seemingly more relaxed times in the 40's and 50's where prisoners had more freedoms than when ESP first opened. Even more engrossed into the tour you hear about the various riots, violence, and the addition of death row. I learned about the women who were imprisoned here, people who raised their families on the grounds. To these people this was their everyday life. To wake up and look out and see nothing but a giant wall surrounding them. To me the grandeur of this place is intoxicating.I find it to be beyond the scope of what a prison should look like but, I am immensely glad that it was made this way, for even falling into ruins the place is beautiful. Their children played in the common areas outside as if nothing unsavory was inside those cells. I tried to immerse myself into every aspect of this idea. I would have loved to experience this place in it's heyday. I watched in one cell a silent film shot at ESP in the early part of the century. My assumption is that it was intended to give outsiders an idea of what went on inside the gate. I loved it and have watched it multiple times. It reminds me of how different each generation really is. There are several artist installations throughout the prison as well.  As you wander through you can see them and learn more about the prison, what the artist was thinking in creating their pieces and get more glimpses of the dilapidated buildings. There is the ghost cats installation where the cats are scattered in various areas of the prison. They were modeled after the last feral cats that were living here. These cats were captured and spayed/neutered and released back to the prison and eventually all were gone. Then there's the "end of the Tunnel" installation which consists of red piping showing the many possible escape routes for prisoners to attempt.  This past year I saw the juxtaposition exhibit. When I walked in at first I was impressed at the usage of materials but when I looked underneath the floating pieces of plaster I found little pictures all over the place. That was a very pleasant surprise. Another exhibit has TVs set up in three different locations and depicts scenes from movies of those areas of interest. I sat and watched them at least twice.  Then there's an area of one of the cell-blocks that contains dioramas to show what life might have been like long, long ago here. The greenhouse boasts another pretty exhibit. There is a new exhibit that I haven't seen yet but, am looking forward to eagerly seeing it. I have just this year decided to take a commitment plunge and purchased a membership. Which has all ready paid for itself. If you like to go there and wander aimlessly for hours like I do to clear your head or just to find some solitude this place is it! I highly recommend coming here often as every time I find new things to see, new projects going on, and people enjoying the place as much as I do!
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2007,4/15/2008,59,232,6,6,7>seriously, for $20, do i really expect to ride in the cushioned lap of luxury?the answer is no...not really.i love that i can stare out of the window, sleep, read, in short, do whatever i want for two hours. brilliant! it's much cheaper than njtransit, and damnit, it saves me the drive to trenton.huzzah chinatown bus!! huzzah convenience!!
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,4/14/2008,12,74,11,7,9>Deep fried mac n cheese.  That's all I need say.  That's all you need know.  So tell your cadiologist to piss off.  You need deep fried cheese and you need it now.It has it's ups and downs though.  Ribs.  Great.Pulled pork.  So-so.  BBQ sauce.  Chuggable.  Lemon garlic potato salad.  Disappointing.    (Though I have to disclaim I've probably had one other good potato salad save for my grandmother's.)Grilled portabello.  Outstanding.Greens.  Spicy.  Yumm.All in all it's a bit pricey but worth the lip smacking satisfaction
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/13/2008,27,221,6,7,6>The other day I was walking around thinking about the societal benefits that hippies have contributed towards American civilization.  After 15 minutes thinking about all the anti-war protests and liberation of the shackles of taking responsibility, I remembered what is possibly the best contribution.And that contribution is Magic Carpet.They serve fresh food that is tasty, veggie or vegan, and in a friendly way.  It's cheap and warm and oh so delicious.  Sometimes a co-worker and I will take a bus from Center City to go rock it when we have time.  It's that good.  I wonder what keeps them from opening up a restaurant proper.  It's probably that they don't want a building owning them, man.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/12/2008,49,59,3,6,3>This is a fantastic place in a very awesome location for those that come out of Finnigan's Wake at the end of the block fuming over the shear awfulness of the Wake.  I've been that person twice.  Both times The Abbaye was able me to comfort me with their fantastic rotating selection of draught, great food and great service.Their draughts are written up on the three different boards along the wall along with their specials of the day.  The first time I went I was able to get Alagash White, one of my favorites, and last night I got Leffe Blonde and Yards Pale Ale.  Cool stuff.  Five bucks or so for draughts and they have a nice selection of bottles for about three bucks.  The bartender (with the black plastic framed glasses) is mad awesome and is very attentive.  He will literally walk around the bar (granted you are standing near the bar door) and give you the tab.  Last night I ordered their Chicken Nachos and they were pretty stellar.  My only complaint was that the nachos had diced chicken vs. shredded or sliced chicken.  It was eight bucks with the chicken on top, six plain.  We also ordered their Fries ($4) which were great!  They were skinny, golden brown fries that were very close to shoestring, but not quite.  They came with a great dipping sauce as well and there was plenty to share with the table.  Wings weren't bad either and my friend's burger looked like pure awesomeness.  I really liked that all the servers worked together, therefore, turning orders very quickly and efficiently.  Although the servers may not know who's food belongs to who, at least they are bringing it out as soon as it hits the window and the beers come to the table literally 1/2 a minute after ordering them.  They wouldn't split the bill for us because we had told them a little "too late" (according to our server), but they were able to ring it up on different cards, so that was fine.  All in all, prices weren't bad, nice selection of draughts, and quick, efficient service.
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2007,4/10/2008,60,138,2,6,6>No complaints here!The salon was small but certainly not cramped, with a relaxed but hip vibe, the people working there friendly & fun - just a very great salon.I went to Leslie for a hair cut & she gave me exactly what I wanted (some funky layers to help accent the under portion of my hair which is dyed in a contrasting color) while making me feel comfortable & keeping the conversation going.  The time that I spent in the chair absolutely flew by.  I'll be more than happy to return to her & I would definitely recommend her to anyone else looking for a cut.  She's certainly skilled & I get the feeling she could definitely give you any kind of cut you are looking for be it traditional or alternative.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,7/17/2013,94,100,7,8,5>Duck and Wonton noodles, end of story. Don't even look at the menu. Don't even pretend there are other dishes. In fact, pretend the only words you know out of the English language is those 4 magical words. A place like Wong Wong is truly classic old-school, in the sense that they do one thing well and forget the rest. The duck is sweet, crispy, juicy, tender, perfect ratio of skin to fat, and does not give you that greasy after effect that other ducks tend to give your stomach/tongue. More importantly it has a smell(often overlooked) that doesn't have the gamy flavor that other ducks have, which adds to the complete experience from a taste perspective. Then comes the wonton noodles. The noodles are the standard Chinese Brocoli, yellow string noodles, with pork Wontons, and within a semi-oily broth with plenty of scallions. But with all noodle dishes it does not matter what you put in to the soup, the broth is the superstar. It is not as fragrant as other dishes immediately, but adheres to a very important Chinese cuisine philosophy: "Aftertaste". This broth has that after taste which resembles somewhere between a nice clean oyster, light stomach feel of a good bowl of pho, and the addictive nature of good crack!
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,7/16/2013,212,160,16,19,17>WARNING: The hamburgão or "big burger" is not--I repeat NOT--a burger. It is far beyond a burger.It's a mound of sliced churrasco steak (!) piled on top of lettuce, tomato, and ham and smothered with cheese, bacon, fresh corn, and crunchy potato sticks. And it is delicious.Aside from the churrasco being perfectly seasoned and in ideal proportion to the rest of the toppings, the different textures make this one of the most unique sandwiches I've had in recent memory. The egg adds richness, and the corn lends a sweet crisp pop while the potato sticks add crunch and a little extra salt. The only thing it could use is a tiny bit of heat--chimichurri, perhaps?Definitely a welcome addition to Drexel's 33rd Street food truck clique.In related news, I'll be having salad and shame for dinner tonight.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,7/15/2013,83,417,,8,6>I completely understand why some would be leery or at least apprehensive about venturing into Chinatown. Whether you're in Philadelphia, NYC, or LA - the Chinatown's and Koreatown's of these big cities are mystifying outposts filled with unfamiliar lettering. Seeing crabs littered about the sidewalks and roast ducks hanging in the windows can certainly be disconcerting. However, let loose the explorer and adventurer inside of you - and be rewarded! Case in point - Banana Leaf. Just on the outer boundaries of Chinatown, located at 10th and Arch Streets, this restaurant specializes in Malaysian cuisine. Banana Leaf highlights milder flavors that are not inundated with garlic (not that that's a bad thing!) and offers curries that have depth of flavor. An added bonus? It's BYO!Banana Leaf boasts a spacious dining area that is well designed to transplant you into a new continent of cuisines. This ain't the dilapidated streets of Philly no mo! Service is brisk, yet friendly and the dishes come out quickly and do not put in a dent on your pocket. A steal of a deal if you ask me. Homemade Roti Canai ($3.75)Pancake and Curry ChickenDo start your meal with the roti canai, which is an Indian-influenced flat bread often found in Malaysian cuisine. The pancake is crispy, yet chewy (trust me - you won't understand the dichotomy of textures unless you simply try it) and served as one whole gigantic circle of glutinous flat bread that may, at first glance, not seem like enough to sop up the curry. But trust me - it gets the job done. The accompanying curry had a nice depth - clearly from a nice stock. There were a few morsels of creamy potato chunks and chicken, which was fine, but there were also tiny bones that were somewhat annoying. It's nice to know that this was made from a proper stock, but I could do without the tiny bones. Prawn Mee ($7.50)Egg noodles, shredded pork, shrimp, vegetables, bean sproutsFor those afraid of spicy soups - don't be alarmed by the beguiling red tinge of the broth. It's milder than it looked. Advertised as Banana Leaf's favorite - the broth had an intense flavor of the sea - briny, deep, and delicious. The bean sprouts and spinach provided a nice fresh element to the dish, which was quite savory and filling. The 'shredded' pork seemed to be more sliced and was a tad dry. The shrimp were small, but tasted fresh, not frozen. It's quite the task to finish this dish - you'll need some help! Curry Chicken with Rice ($7.50)Definitely get a curry dish at Banana Leaf. While the creamy curry sauce may initially look intense, the mild flavors of the underlying coconut milk help to assuage the spiciness. The chicken chunks were moist and mixed with the accompanying huge scoop of delicious, yet simple rice, this dish is a winner. The GF was hoping for a bit more veggies in the dish, but of course, Banana Leaf does offer other curries, which will certainly be ordered on future visits.Overall, Banana Leaf offers a cheap, yet satisfying meal that takes you on a journey of Malaysian proportions. I would eat anything mixed with that curry sauce and the perfectly made roti is a nice way to start your meal. The portions will keep you satisfied, but it's the tastes and flavors that will keep you coming back for more.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,7/14/2013,48,40,4,9,4>I only eat whole lobsters in Maine.  There is no point in eating them anywhere else.  There it is a local food and rather affordable.  You get your hands dirty and you make a real mess.  Lobster roll is a simple sandwich, and is often made to use up left over lobster (Yes, that happens there).  It is NOT a big mayo bomb with celery and various other assorted filler.  It is chunks of lobster on a toasted roll and that is all.  So, if you think that a lobster roll has piles of filler and Hellman's took a dump on it, you will not like this roll.  If you DO like a cup or so of fresh, cooked lobster with just a smear of mayo and a hint of seasoning (I believe it was celery salt) sprinkled on it, you will LOVE this sandwich!  This is, bar none, the absolute best lobster roll I have had outside of Maine.  Period.  I had the combo only because I was intrigued by the Maine sodas they had.  I very seldom drink soda and cannot even remember the last time I had a Coke, regular or Diet.  But these had NO HFCS and had interesting flavors like Maine blueberry, and ginger beer.  I went with the blueberry soda and it was delicious.  Sweet but it had just enough bite to not be cloying.  I also could not remember the last time I had chips but took chips there because they were the Cape Cod brand and kettle cooked.Sure, it is a little on the pricey side (My lunch came to18 and change) and a little small. But it was a delicious sandwich.  Buy one to go and enjoy it with a green salad.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/13/2013,128,193,,6,5>Absolutely in love with their Apple & Brie sandwhich.  I ate this and almost melted in my seat....  Granny smith apples covered in baked brie, atop an olive oil and ginger aioli, on a toasted baguette.  Mezmorizing, I was so impressed.  There were plenty of apples and oozy cheese with sweet aioli on it, perfect-o.As for atmosphere, its divey, but I like that.  The beer selection was sub-par when I was there, but I know they rotate beers and have a changing selection, so I probably just picked an off-night for my particular taste of beer.  Service was great, they seem to be friendly, but really busy during live-music show nights. I'll come back just for that apple & brie sandwhich!  Well done chef.
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,7/12/2013,491,1393,3,5,6>I came here for the garlic soy crispy fried wings and made sure to call in my order, which made the process flow much more smoothly.  My chicken was ready when I arrived and it was crispy, juicy, tender, and perfectly salty-sweet.  The key is to place your order 15 min before you expect to get there and your takeout will be hot and ready-to-go.  Honestly, you won't find a better place to get Bonchon-like chicken in the area.  That crispy skin comes from the chicken being double fried and will easily derail any New Year's resolution to stay away from fried food on the first bite.  The wings are small, though, so an order won't kill a diet.  Plus, it's super close to home, which gives it an additional convenience factor
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/11/2013,425,275,5,11,9>First, great job by Jay G putting this little Delco outing together. Got to meet up with some of the heavyweights of Delco Yelpers. Jay secured a choice seat by the fireplace as we enjoyed some great appetizers while watching a Flyers game. Millers is a great place to catch a game with friends.The food was very good, standard pub food, but the highlight was the funnel cake fries dessert. Really good and innovative treat. Sadly, the Flyers spectacularly let us down, giving up a 4 goal lead to the Penguins, but at least we got to watch the spectacle in style, washing away our despair with  few Snake Bites ( ask for it, it's Guinness and Cider mixed).Springfield is lucky to have this new destination bar to go to.
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,7/10/2013,32,53,,5,4>I am from the Atlantic City area and a few years ago, Never Too Spoiled opened in the local mall. I immediately fell in love and could easily spend an hour browsing through all the treasures, even though the store itself is quite small. I just moved to Philadelphia this year and Never Too Spoiled is probably in my top 10 of things I miss about my home.Last week, I read about the newest location in Old City online and immediately turned off my computer and went to see! Walking in this store is like walking into a dream. I wish I had an unlimited amount of time and money to spend. It's probably 4 times bigger than the other location and I really just want to live in there. I love how you can feel all the fabrics and play with the jewelry. There is everything from home decor, spices, incense, kitchen supplies, clothing, jewelry, pet accessories, etc. There's something to look at in square inch of this space. Its the perfect place to find a unique gift for someone special, or to reward yourself for no reason at all!I only wish the prices were more in my spending range, but I understand because everything probably took a lot of time and effort into being made than made in china crap. Definitely worth a visit!
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/9/2013,34,130,,9,5>I am writing this review after my second dining experience at Stache.  The first time I went here was during happy hour.  I was greeted by Sean the bartender who was very personable and gave us great service.  The happy hour includes $7 cocktails and I believe $1 off drafts.  I went for a cocktail.  It was good, but honestly pretty weak.  I would prefer to order a stiff drink that wasn't on special.  They also have some $5 apps during happy hour including Calamari which a friend had and raved about.  I had the snow pea/edamame ravioli which amazingly rivals buddakan.  It was seriously delicious!During my second visit, I was greeted by another VERY friendly and personable bartender named Evan.  The people who work here are some of the happiest employees I've seen in the city!  They're really into the food as well, in fact I was told that he had tried everything and there wasn't a think he didn't like.  I tried the salmon with grilled broccoli.  To be honest, I'm not really a salmon fan, I order it for health reasons every once in a while.  This blew my mind! Amazingly seasoned.  I don't know how, but they even scored a home run with the broccoli.  I also had a stone beer.  I believe that most of their beer are local, which is nothing new around here but still a nice selection.  As I was dining, I also learned that the chef was on Hell's Kitchen which is a cool little fact.  I will continue to frequent this great spot for the nice atmosphere, hip menu, great staff, and overall enjoyable experience.  I know this place is owned by an Eagle player, but whoever is managing has the customer service down pat!
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/8/2013,41,87,5,5,6>I don't know anyone who can turn down a beach bar. It has summer written all over it. We wandered over to the bar to escape the afternoon sun, and wait for our room to be ready. The name of the place says it all. It's located on the boardwalk side of Bally's and most of the servers are pretty girls in orange bikinis.Most of the crowd (and it was a little packed) consisted of typical fist-pumping bros, young ladies traveling in pairs, and middle aged couples who've seen the inside of a plastic surgeon's office. There was no cover at the time, and there was a decent cover band playing.We only had a couple of drinks. 24oz concoctions in those novelty funnels. They were strong, tasty, and ran for $13. Next time I'm on the boardwalk, a return trip is in order.
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,2/16/2009,18,44,2,4,3>Loved it.First, good value. We had two meals and two drinks for $35, one of the drinks being a margarita. Not too bad. We could have gotten away with the whole thing under $30 if I didn't have a $5 beer and she didn't have a $7 margarita (which the GF said was excellent). It's the type of place you could do for under $30 for two people or if you want to go all out around $50. There is a wide variety of beer selections, ranging from $3 to $7. I was STUFFED after half a rack of ribs and she couldn't finish the sandwich and french fries.As for the food... El Camino Real isn't the "hipster take" on BBQ. It's just really good Texas style BBQ. The ribs were good and the sauce on them was fantastic. Girlfriend had the rib sandwich and fries which she said was excellent. Imagine Famous Dave's, except really good and high quality. (we didn't try the Mexican, though). I will be dreaming about whatever the sauce was on the ribs tonight.Service was very good, too. No problems there. Comparable to Bar Ferdinand, where is where I think a few servers work. Attentive but not intrusive.Atmosphere was what you would expect for Liberties Walk -- a mix of everyone. It's a bit dark in there. It's pretty cool though. Reminds me a bit of Cantina.When we left, my GF said "This was a very good call, that really hit the spot. I bet we'll crave this from time to time." That about sums it up.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,2/15/2009,147,184,5,6,6>Tiny restaurantMarvelous aroma hugLove your fried dumplingThere are only 11 tables here and two of which are for 6+ people parties. So expect a short wait at this BYO. The menu is extensive, so do yourself a flavor and order some fried dumplings when you first sit and enjoy those as you figure out your plan of attack. The food smells great, and in a way makes it hard to decide just what to get! I like that kind of problem.We shared an order of Shrimp and Broccoli (quite good) and I think the other dish was called sizzling Bok Wa... find it about halfway down the Chef's Specialty page. This featured lobster, shrimp, chicken, BBQ pork, hearts of palm, snow peas, and a few other favorites in an oyster sauce served on a sizzling platter! Really good. Throw in the dumplings and at $30 it was a cheap meal. They don't rush you out, but the food comes fast. They do a brisk turnover, so don't be surprised to find a stain or a few holes in your table cloth. Two final compliments. First is that there are several other restaurants open on this street and none had more than two tables while Shiao was full. Second, we ran into one of my favorite Yelpers (who has reviewed this place before) heading here as we were leaving...always a good sign to see quality Yelper returning to a joint.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,2/14/2009,237,276,3,10,7>I went here on a very rigid search for some German meat and other goods that would survive a trans-continental and trans-oceanic voyage in a cardboard box. After a harrowing drive (get a friend to help navigate), we arrived and I was astonished at the sheer volume of meat behind the counter. I was not too surprised, however, because they list everything on their website complete with pictures and descriptions.The counter staff was quick, I perused the rest of the place and finally picked up some sweets from their extensive selection of packaged food goods. Prices were reasonable (I paid about $10 for a couple pounds of meat, Ritter chocolate, salty candy and a drink). They also had deli meats and cheese, as well as their own spaetzle and other side dishes. I look forward to coming back here to stock up on more German goods.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,2/13/2009,58,61,10,10,10>Can I get a HELL YEAH?Seriously... Can I? Cause I want to give it to Vic. I stopped in for lunch this week and was floored by the by everything I ordered. My standard is miso, a roll and sake sashimi. I tried a nontraditional iRoll, guess I'm a sucker for anything referencing apple. There was an unexpected surprise of coconut, it really added an interesting complexity to the roll. The roll are fun and make great use of flavor combinations.Sashimi is where I really judge sushi. It is the most striped down and honest food product you can get. If you don't have a great product there's no hiding it. Vic's sake sashimi was like kissing a mermaid, smooth, sensual and seductive. I could eat this all day.Vic is my new favorite sushi bar.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,2/12/2009,60,150,7,7,8>NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOMOh God Plan Eat Thai is so freakin good.  My roommates and I order from there at least once a week.  They have the best friggin crab rangoons I have EVER eaten.  So many places screw them up and make them too sweet, but Plan Eat Thai makes them all savory and happy in my belly.  I don't know if they use curry or wtf they do, but they are filled with LOVE.  LOVE, I TELL YOU!I don't think we've ever had an order that wasn't delish, and if you place a large ($60ish) order, THEY HOOK YOU UP WITH FREE SHIT.  (And when you and your roommates are a bunch of college students, free food is always appreciated!)  The only issues?  They don't take credit cards and it usually takes them between 45 minutes to an hour to get from 15th & Tasker to 12th & Morris...but we're totally willing to cut them some slack on that because the food is THAT DAMN GOOD.
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,2/11/2009,115,317,11,13,10>I have to give this places 5 stars.  I went during restaurant week (not always the best time to experience a restaurant), and it was still incredible.  The food, atmosphere, and especially service were spot on.  I've found that restaurant week service can be hit or miss (looking at Pearl for a giant swing and a miss), but Lacroix still provided probably some of the best service I've ever come across.I agree with the other reviews about the friendly/formal service, and the fantastic food, so I won't belabor the point.  I had the tomato grilled cheese soup, monkfish with mussles and cous cous, and the nomel from the restaurant week menu.  All were very good, but the soup was probably my favorite: velvety tomato soup with aged parmeasan.  It really tasted like an upscale version of the comfort favorite, grilled cheese and tomato soup, combined into one bowl.My only problem with Lacroix was finding in the first place.  I walked into the Rittenhouse, saw wall placards for Lacroix, and even saw a case with a menu, but couldn't figure out how to get to the restaurant.  I clacked around the halls and contemplated taking an elevator or two, a little nervous to ask since I was unsure of how to pronounce la-kwah without sounding like a jackarse.  Finally I called my friends who directed me to the second floor by way of the elevators around the bend.  Well worth the journey!
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,2/10/2009,42,105,1,8,7>Love it. Just checked Duross and Langel out today because I like the idea of Lush and I heard that this place was better. Definitely not disappointed! I feel like it's Lush and The Body Shop crossed together, but is an independent business! They have wonderful soaps in so many different and delicious smelling choices, along with shampoos, a bunch of natural deodorants, facial products, balms, and a whole line for men too.The prices are very fair here for their stuff since it is all handmade.The employees were super friendly and cute.I will definitely be back for all my body cleansing needs.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,2/9/2009,202,329,7,7,6>i didn't want to like parc, because frankly, i want to pretend i'm cool and anti-establishment, anti-big restauranteurs like stephen starr.but, once you walk into the place, you melt...just a little bit.  it looks like a cozy french bistro.  well, cozy is a relative term, as this place could seat about 500.  dim lights, coathooks, cute little tables.the service was great.  our waitress was super-nice and had extensive knowledge of the menu.  i ended up with the onion soup and cheeseburger.  the onion soup was delish (a little on the sweet side, but that's how i like it) with super melty cheese on top.  thank goodness i was not on a date, as there was no good way to eat it without strings of cheese hanging from your mouth.  the cheeseburger was huge (but more expensive than rouge) and the fries were thin and crispy.  the beef bourgignon (from the bite i had of it) was heavenly!all the desserts looked fabulous, i opted for the apple tarte tatin over the creme brulee.  the tarte was fabulous with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and the apples were perfectly cooked, not too sweet but with a perfect caramel scent.oh yeah.  boo to the huge table of 30/40-something year old guys who were having a party next to us.  with the high ceilings, noise levels can get pretty darn loud.so yeah.  maybe a bit pricey.  and maybe it's stephen starr.  but it's good.  it's close to my house.  and although i won't be dreaming about it as i would other places, i wouldn't mind coming back!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,2/8/2009,4,2,1,5,6>i'm here just about every week, whether it be for brunch, dinner, or late night.  each time i've gone, i've ordered something different because i want to see how many of their choices can actually be great.  all have been extraordinary, but the best of all was the trout BLT.  despite being very messy, i really didn't mind the multitude of napkins necessary to enjoy every bite.  it's a special and i've only seen it there that once.also, something i always consider when visiting a new bar or restaurant is how other people i'm with feel about it.  i've gone with my friends and they love it.  i've also gone with my mom, teenage sister, and extremely picky ex-college roommate.  mom got the fish & chips, sis got a traditional breakfast, and roomie got the burger.  the only one that didn't enjoy herself is my sister, who thought the potatoes were too spicy.  they weren't.late night, also great.  always an interesting crowd, one where everyone can feel comfortable.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,2/7/2009,101,151,6,7,4>Great food at a fair price. Decor isn't dingy either, kinda makes you think of Tarzan ... or Jane ... eating Malaysian food.Did I mention BYOB?What else can you say?Just GO! Need ideas? Here are some sure hits:-Roti Cani (Indian bread with meat/potato curry dip)-Beef (or any meat) Satay comes with some cucumber and onion pieces and a sweet dip.-Haianese Chicken w/ chicken rice. The flavor is subtle so don't get it if you enjoy bold flavors.-Water spinach with garlic. Ok this is standard anywhere but momma said I need my greens!
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2008,1/30/2008,144,305,,7,6>I can't say enough good things about this Vietnamese deli of sorts.  I love it.  And they consistently serve some of the biggest and best summer rolls I've had.  Summer rolls are filled with tofu, chicken, or shrimp, and complemented by all kinds of vermicelli, veggie, and cilantro goodness.  It's all wrapped up in rice paper, and dipped in the most incredible peanut sauce.Their tofu hoagies aren't as good as Fuh Wah's in West Philly, but what they do have over them are freshly baked baguettes.  The hoagie doesn't go soggy immediately.  The bubble teas are also yummy, along with the Vietnamese style coffee (strong French roast and sweetened condensed milk).  But I admit I've yet to try the rest of the menu.  I usually go with what I love.  FYI West Philly folks: O Sandwiches tofu hoagies and summer rolls are available at the Green Line Cafe locations every day.  Though not quite as fresh (and cheap) as getting them down there, they're still damn good.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,1/29/2008,22,30,3,6,8>I've only been living in Philadelphia for a little over a month now.  I came from San Francisco and my favorite party is something called, "Saturday Night Soul Party" at the Elbo Room.  I would attend this every other Saturday and I can honestly say that I've never had a better time in my life...until I stepped into The Barbary for "Turnaround vs. Immediate".This is the ULTIMATE soul party.  Do everything in your power to find a schedule for The Barbary and attend this party.  As soon as I walked in the door, I felt like it was a portal right back to San Francisco.  Of course it caters to the Pabst drinking crowd, but everyone was dancing and having a good time.  I don't think there was a song I didn't dance to (I'm pretty sure I was dancing while buying drinks).  You will hear groups such as The Sonics, The Four Tops, The Isley Brothers, Ray Charles, The Marvelettes, The Supremes, Jr. Walker and the All-Stars, etc.  I'm definitely breaking out my best Motown digs for the next one.The bar has a pretty decent sized dance floor.  My friends and I had no problem trying to find a spot to dance.  The drinks are reasonably priced.  I think we paid $16 for two shots of Jameson and two cans of Pabst...not all that bad.  There is no coat-check, but there is some space to hang your coat.  Also, this place is full of pretty girls.  I think I proposed to about four different girls during the course of the night (I got three nos and one maybe).I can't speak for other nights, but I plan on changing that in the near future.  I'm only basing my review on one night, but what a night it was.  I plan on frequenting The Barbary often, and I suggest you do too.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,1/28/2008,42,119,2,2,2>My friend's live around the corner from Lyon's Den.  The bartender was super nice and put my can beer in a glass so no one would know I bought the cheapest thing possible.  They also have megatouch, the computer game system, my friends and I spent some bucks playing erotic photo hunt for a couple of hours.  They have a pretty sweet digital(?) jukebox, and a pool table in the back.  It's quite cozy but the one complaint from my friends was that the barstools were awkward, they are square with no lumbar support, but whatever.  It's a fun time for all if you don't expect more than just hanging out and a few beers.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2007,1/27/2008,410,73,6,12,11>the architecture of this building alone is breathtaking. there are so many elements that were sculpted into its facade along with countless design intricacies and complex carvings. it is easy to see why its the world's tallest masonry building. i also love how the architect utilized a 'second empire' style on the construction and the building itself contains nearly 700 rooms making it the countries largest municipal building. it is also amazing how the statue itself  is hollow and that there is a narrow access tunnel through it which leads to a small hatch atop his hat.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,1/26/2008,23,127,2,8,4>I hope there will be book stores in heaven.That said, this place is a cool little neighborhood gem. The selection is small but you can always find something. If you've got kids, they seem to have some good kids books. The owners there also seem to be involved with the local arts scene. Always something admirable.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,1/25/2008,20,23,1,4,3>My friends and I stumbled upon this little place while walking around Philadelphia for First Friday.  When I first walked in I was unsure how much I was going to like the food and the atmosphere.  There was rap music playing (off of the workers iPod) and there was a disco ball as the main source of light.  I became more worried that I saw a burrito was only going to cost me $6.95.  I thought, "That must be a terrible burrito if it is in the city and only cost $6.  When I began to eat I was surprised to discover that it was delicious.  It was not greasy or oily like so many burritos are.  It had a great combination of flavors and felt healthy.  It was so large that I couldn't finish it.  We also bought the chips (you have to pay for them on the side) but they were great as well!!  Next time I am in the city I will definately stop by this place for a quick bite to eat.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,1/24/2008,86,77,2,1,2>People say the pizza itself isn't great - but who am I to judge when there is Ravioli on it! That reminds me that I also have to go give soem Yelp props to Zio's, but I think Peace of Pizza was one of the first. Or at least a first for me when I discovered it on my college campus at UD many moons ago. Baked ziti and ravioli on pizza is kinda like eating chocolate while having sex. It's just too much pleasure - but really, there's no such thing as too much of a good thing!
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,1/23/2008,60,138,2,5,2>I feel like such a hater doing this, but I cannot give the Free Library of Philadelphia 5 stars (I'd like to give it 3...but hey - a library is a library & that's a great thing, I don't think any really deserve 3 stars).  Also keep in mind, this is from a recreational reading point-of-view, I've never had to use the library for research or, well...anything outside of my own "killin' some time" needs.So far every branch library I have visited in the PHL metro area has disappointed me.  So I guess it should come as little surprise that I wasn't blown away by the main location either.  I can't help but compare it to the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh (& it's branches) as that was my haunt for the vast majority of my life.  I can not remember an occasion there where I could not get what I wanted...at worst it would be checked out.  But - in a nutshell - whatever book I wanted was basically readily available to me.  Here in PHL, about 49 times out of 50 (at best) if there is a specific book I want to read, I have to have it ordered in from another library which leaves me waiting for weeks sometimes, for a book that will take me like two days to read.  Its aggravating!  And its not like my taste in books is that obscure or that I'm looking for the newest releases, it really isn't at all.  Honestly since I've starting using the (branches of) the Library of PHL a few years ago & now going to the main location over the past year, it has only been on the very rarest of occasions that a fiction book I am looking for is there ready for me to check out.Here's a current complaint - there's a specific far-from-obscure book I want to read, so I looked it up on the online library catalogue.  Needless to say its not in any of the downtown locations.  Of ALLLLL the branches there are only 2 copies.  One is checked out.  One is available.  I place a hold, assuming it will send me the available copy.  NO!  It won't let me choose the available copy!  I can only choose the checked-out copy!!  WTH!?!!  Really.  Frustrating.I am very very much looking forward to the expansion & renovation to begin in 2008.  I honestly don't see it helping with my personal complaints, but its always nice to see more being done with any library.
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2007,1/22/2008,69,303,2,4,3>I went here on a date once.  I loved this place, so I'm not sure why I haven't gone back.  I think I forgot about it when I tried to repress all memories of the guy the date was with...  Hm, the food sure was good, though.  That's it, I'm going back there.  Soon.The decor is really cool, very modern.  The seats were comfy.  The food was fantastic - fresh, tasty, perfectly presented, and nicely portioned.  Plus, the coolest part?  The servers are really, really nice and professional.  The waitress even showed us how to fold our cloth napkins to look like a lotus flower because we commented on how cool their napkins were on the place settings when we were seated.  How nice was that?UPDATE:  My ROTD of this place reminded me to update my review, now that I've been there a few more times with friends.  I like this place even more than I did the first time.  The food has definitely got some heat, even if you ask for it with the least amount of spice they can cook with (they have a spice rating of 1 to 5, with one being the least, when you order).  Last time I went, I got the pad thai and calamari for an appetizer, both of which were good.  The time before that, I was more daring and got something (don't remember the name) that involved shrimp in a coconut milk-based spicy sauce with pineapple chunks over rice.  It was so spicy (on #1 spice, I'm a wimp) that it made me sweat, but it was so, so tasty.  The most daring person I have eaten there with is my boyfriend, and he has gotten a dish with a #3 spicy rating.  He turned bright red and started to sweat, but he said he liked it.  I tried a soup he got before, and it was really good, even if it was too hot for me to eat a whole bowl myself.  The only thing is that this place gets crowded, now that people know it's there, so get there early on Friday or Saturday night for dinner to get a table without a wait.  And sometimes, the food takes a while to come out, but it's well worth being patient.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,1/21/2008,30,393,,5,5>Nice little tucked away (sort of) Italian restaurant. I'd say this is great for romantic / intimate Rittenhouse dining off the beaten path. The piano was inactive on this particular night, which made way for some nice Jazz / Lounge music.The staff was on their a-game. Perhaps not the friendliest, but certainly very diligent. The specials were outstanding, and a complete upgrade from the menu (in selection and price). I followed Maura's lead on white bean soup (outstanding), and had a veal special (incredible). The desserts were carefully crafted, but didn't top the earlier courses. The ambiance was nice, but a bit disjointed with hidden video cameras, booths blocking mirrors, and tacky beads.Overall, I liked Valentino's originality. I'll certainly be back, and am quite pleased in the decision. In the future, I hope to ask for the prices of the specials, or have them stated... I've always valued up-fronted-ness, but paying $40 for veal is worth it if the veal is as good as it is here.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,5/21/2009,17,91,5,11,7>Seeing as how I'm Cantonese, my great-grandfather lived in Peru for 37 years, and I've been on a Jose Garces restaurant high ever since Distrito opened, I have been impatiently awaiting the launch of Chifa which replaced 707.The dining experience stood up strongly to my expectations. Innovative and impressive food presentation. Friendly, knowledgeable service. Great design and colors (cool blues and teals in the front room with industrial ceiling fans painted to match, vivid reds in the back room, dim candlelight setting throughout), the setting is hip yet much more mellow lounge feel than his other restaurants.  Downstairs you'll find a small bar with both table and lounge type seating, similar to Tinto, but with a bento box-like appearance.  Gear up again for shared tapas style dining, like the three other Garces restaurants in Philly.  We had 5 small plates for two people and were both satisfied (although the 2 desserts might have had something to do with that!).We had:Hiramasa (Australian kingfish) Ceviche with ginger, pinapple, orange, and mustard emulsion: light, in a fruity foam. This seemed reminiscent of Japanese food, but I enjoyed it all the same. On the small side, with 5 slices of fish.Duck Wonton Soup: packed with flavor! The duck breast was cooked to perfection, duck wontons light and filling, with a "peking" broth.  Slightly saltier than I would have preferred but delicious all the same.Red Curry del General (coconut, jasmine rice, king crab, machas, eggplant): this truly had some kick, but I appreciate that the chef wanted our input to the level of spice.  I had to turn in the spoon after 4-5 bites, but my husband thought it was fine.  I imagine they will be refining this recipe, but it does have some fire!  Reminded me more of Thai food than Chinese, but very good!Hot Pot (glazed cod, tainjin (tianjin?) broth, tofu, beech mushrooms and kaffir lime oil): a cute little hot pot with enough fish for maybe 2-3 people to try.  There was some kind of pork in the dish as well that wasn't mentioned on the menu, perhaps a bacon/pancetta, that added a lot of flavor.  I was wishing we'd had a bowl of rice to eat with it to make the most of all the sauce!Stir Fry Chinese Broccoli with spicy garlic sauce, sesame and cabbage: a little underwhelming, this dish was a little heavy on the oyster sauce appeal. I liked how the stalks were cut into 1-2 inch pieces, which makes for an easier dining experience than traditional Chinese restaurants where you have to eat the whole stalk with chopsticks! I also felt like this needed rice to accompany it, but hey, I'm Chinese!Desserts: Phenomenal! Honestly!  Our server recommended these two, and we couldn't decide between them so we got both!Passion Fruit and Coconut: A perfect combination of taste and textures!  Passion fruit curd, passion fruit meringue, coconut sorbet and coconut "noodles" lined up in a modern parfait.  I loved this!  Fresh, light, and creative. Root Beer Float:  A healthy serving of homemade root beer that is flavorfully spiced.  The arroz con leche is what I imagine the highest levels of heaven to be!  I wished there were more than 1 scoop for the large serving of root beer, but it was a good proportion.  Served with spiced sesame caramel corn, it's a unique dessert to finish a meal.  But seriously, I'd pay more for 2 full scoops of the arroz con leche (rice pudding!) ice cream!If you're looking for more hearty dishes, try the specialties (salt baked bronzino, chifa chicken, or 20 oz. grilled adobo ny strip).There is a creative drink menu. I enjoyed the Riesling, which was sweet, and probably too wimpy for some of the spicy dishes.I'd say my favorite dish might have even been the complimentary bread rolls and butter!! You'll see what I mean...
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/20/2009,129,194,10,19,11>So I finally became a member of Mariposa, after I got tired of buying things in large quantities that I would only use occasionally before they went bad (I'm talking to you, anise stars), and not being able to buy things in bulk when I wanted to (that's you, five pounds of rolled organic oats for homemade granola). A lot of the shit talking in the Yelp reviews seem to come from people who have no idea what a Co-Op is. It's not a store. It's a co-operative buying group for people who are interested 1. in bulk purchasing power for things like grains and spices and 2. want to be sourced locally grown goods. The Co-Op does both of these things. Yes, you have to be a member. And yes, there are a limit to the number of people at any given time that can become members (it's a tiny place! And everyone needs to be coordinated. Which means hiring more staff, which they can't afford, since the actual staff is small and trying to earn a living wage). So yeah, you might think it's elitist. Really, its just size limited. And maybe the volunteer you talked to just joined last week and doesn't have all the answers. Either does the checkout girl at Supreme. And I I've noticed that most of the people who think that people are antagonist to them because they don't have a certain "look" are just totally self-conscios folks who feel out of place about everywhere they go. Sorry. Can't do anything for you. Yeah, I think it's too small. But they own the building, which brings security and stable prices (Tyler seems to have his head up his ass, or just like to make things up, if he thinks they are raising prices due to rising "gentrified" rent. The Co-Op doesn't pay rent). Again, pluses and minuses. If you're interested in getting involved, stop by, ask questions, and get informed.
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,5/19/2009,10,13,4,4,4>A friend and I were on our way to a different bar when we were literally stopped in our tracks and lured in by the mysteriousness of this place. From the outside there is no visible name and it looks uber-sleek. Inside you'll find the same modern aesthetic of green lights and candles until you reach the bar. The bar is like an old timey saloon with the drinks and fixings to match. The bartender on the night I was there, Christian, is more like a storyteller and will explain your drink from start to finish. These are handcrafted with a bunch of ingredients that I never heard of and some I have (Absinthe anyone?) I even had my drink served hot.But I can not wait for a summer night out on their rooftop section.Pricey by Philly standards but it is really not bad for a well-made drink in a dope atmosphere. After 7 Sun-Thurs they have what they call "Recession Proof" drinks for $6. No frills cocktails for those in need of a major stimulus! Hi-yoo!
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,5/18/2009,280,224,5,4,5>If you like good down home cookin, this is the place to come.  Spring Garden St. Restaurant just re-opened, and I'm so happy they did.  It's a very small, diner-like place where everyone seems to know your name.  I now go here for brunch almost every weekend.  The GRITS, omelets, pancakes,and bacon are BOMB!.  OMG, the grits are so creamy and buttery (make sure you say no butter if you are trying to avoid the extra calories, it comes with them :-) ).  There's never usually a line when I go, probably because it's new and my review did not come out, ha!.  Oh man, it doesn't get any better than this.  It's not foofy and it's very inexpensive.  I can get a whole breakfast for around $5.  I just laugh when I pass the lines at Honey's Sit & Eat (OVERHYPED) or Cafe Estelle (good, but pricey) because Spring Garden St. Restaurant is soo much better.Bottom Line:  If you want to be seen and appear "hip" w/your baby and/or dog...go to Honeys, because it's totally not about the food thereIf you're a vegan/vegetarian/organic obsessed and don't mind paying a lil more for this trendy fare, then Cafe Estelle has good foodIf you want d*** good food that tastes like it came from your Grandma's kitchen down South--Spring Garden St. Restaurant is where it's at---I'm going now, peace!
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,5/17/2009,42,105,1,5,4>If you love pho, you will love this place.The menu is simple and straightforward. Choose your protein (beef, duck, ox tail, vegetable, what have you) then you choose whether you want the handdrawn noodles or the shaved noodles. So far I can only speak for one soup, the duck with handdrawn noodles. It's pretty good. Comes with a lot of greens.  Make sure to add some sririacha and chili oil! The only qualm I could have is that they don't give you the good meat on the duck, kind of like the more fatty and bony parts.  Tastes like the typical chinatown roast duck (the ones hanging in the windows).Big ups on price, freshness, good free tea, and fast service! Beware of possibly having to share a table with other people if it's really busy (like I had to!) It's not that bad though.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2009,5/16/2009,4,12,4,4,4>Wazobia is just a block from my house + .5 star.Coffee AND ice cream lounge?!?  +2 starsFree Wi-Fi?  +1 starNever crowded? +.5 starsFriendly service? +1 starsI've never eaten food here....but I have tasted the coffee (not too bad) milkshakes (the one I ordered was a tad thin, even after requesting extra thick), and the smoothies (perfect-o!).  I'm sure to eat the food eventually, as that is where I typically go when I am tired of relying on my terrible WirelessPhiladelphia internet connection.  But partially I won't, because my house is just a block away, already stocked.  We'll see.The set-up of the place does seem sort of awkward though...when I want to use a table its either in a corner or right by the door...and the one in the corner has other doors behind it which lead to the apartments on the floors above (I'm assuming, because small children randomly popped out of here once).  The couch and comfy chairs are nice and central, though.One time when I went in here in January the girl at the counter gave me fair warning that a boy was going to come in and sing about his feelings shortly and if I wanted to get out, to get out now...but I stayed.  And he came.  And sang.  Not saying it was terrible, but the awkward spacing and small size of the place didn't afford for it to be the most comfortable of situations (aside from the fact that I was the only person in there that had no idea who he was).They apparently do this thing on Friday nights from 5-8 in which you can pay $9.95/person and have an All-You-Can-Eat ice cream and All-You-Can-Drink coffee fiesta.  Though I would certainly feel like a total fatty, I would eat loads of ice cream to make it feel worth $10.  and I mean loads.  When comparing the actual prices though, it is a bargain, it just requires a certain loss of vanity to indulge so much (but I intend to do it at some point). ANYWAY - I heart this place.  Mostly for its strategic location in accordance to my life.  It has only been open for 4 or 5 months now, and for that I feel it is doing fairly well.  I'm sure in time it will work out those other awkward kinks.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,5/15/2009,44,81,5,10,8>I used to walk by this mysterious little place all the time, and would always forget to check it out on my weekend brunch schedule, ditching it for Sabrina's or something else extravagant.  The food here is by all means not the like fancy schmancy stuff you would get, like at places mentioned above, but it is CHEAP, and GOOD.  Everything you need on a college student's budget.  Love you pourhouse, double kiss to you.
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,5/14/2009,12,55,5,16,6>I think people have to take dim sum at ocean harbor within the context of typical authentic chinese dim sum.  Things that you might not expect if you have never been to an authentic dim sum place:1) You cannot expect a personal waiter to serve you and check in on you. They take your tea order and that's about it.2) The place is crowded, and the staff is overworked.3) This is a positive thing, because it means the food is actually good!4) It is acceptable to get up and walk to a cart if you want something from it. The ladies can't possibly swing by every table, and the good stuff runs out fast.5) If at all possible, try and sit within 10 feet of the door to the kitchen. It might be loud, but you get first dibs on the good stuff.6) You can always order the things you don't see.  Just flag down a waiter.7) If you want more tea, flip the lid up.8) Cantonese people (and pretty much all Chinese people) get insane about their food. They will push, shove, and claw to get the food they like. It's not rude, it's part of the culture.That said, Ocean Harbor is the closest thing I've found in Philly to good dim sum places in Hong Kong.  Go here, take a number, man up, and enjoy.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,5/13/2009,64,123,6,7,6>Naked Chocolate - where do I start. I think this place is as close to being a legal drug dealer as you can get - everything there is seriously like crack.  Once you get a taste you are hooked. The chocolate Nudo has to be my favorite thing. It is soo dangerous working a block from here - I am constantly stopping in during lunch or on the way home to grab a few things. I had a birthday yesterday and several co workers brought me things from here - this oreo cream pie thing was soo insanely amazing I don't even know where to start. Great now Im thinking about this place and need a fix....
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,5/12/2009,14,86,3,9,6>Glorious walls of dank beer.  Probably the only time I wander into Wayne; I love my local distributor but when I get the craving for something I know I'd have to put on special order, I opt instead for instant gratification and head over to the Yard.  Great staff and, considering the relatively small size of the place (not that many beer shops are huge in PA) they really deliver quality product.  You won't see towers of Bud or MGD wasting space here.  They also sell proper glassware, which is surprisingly hard to find, especially tulip glasses to enjoy the multitudes of Belgian beer they offer.
